832
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 14,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Resignation of P. S. Brooks—Mr. Brooks.
Senate.
sits in judgment upon me without a hearing, and
presents me for a breach of privilege! Sir, is it
not strange that it did not occur to that sage
Legislature, that it demands upon the Congress
of the United States, relative to a member, was
a greater breach of privilege in them than that
complained of the member himself? What right,
sir, has the Legislature of Massachusetts to make
any demand upon this House ? She has not the
right of even instructing the most insignificant
member from the State, and has, by her resolu-
tions, but given additional proof that she neither
comprehends the theory of our Government nor
is loyal to its authority.
I nave said, sir, that, if I have committed a
breach of privilege, it was the privilege of the
Senate. If I have in any particular violated the
privileges or proprieties of this House, I am un- j
conscious of it, and I challenge every member to l
specify a single disorderly or improper act. In my
intercourse with its members I have endeavored to
observe a civil and respectful deportment; I have
rendered prompt and implicit obedience to its
constituted authorities; and I can truly say that
which many who have recorded their votes
against me cannot—and that is, that never once,
in the three years that I have held a seat on this
floor, have I been declared out of order. If be-
fore the transaction for which a majority have
declared me to be deserving expulsion, I have
offended any officer or member, or been unkind
even to an employe, I regret and am ignorant
of it.
And yet,sir, the vote which has just been taken
transmits me to posterity as a man unworthy, in
the judgment of a majority of my peers, of a seat
in this Hall. And for what? The member from
New Jersey, [Mr. Pennington]—the prosecuting
member—the thumb-paper member, [laughter]—
the Falstaifian member, who, like his prototype,
was born about four o 'clock in the morning, and if
he has not the bald head, is graced with the cor-
poreal rotundity [great laughter] of his predeces-
sor upon his advent into this sublunary world-r-
hesaysitwas formakinga" murderous"assault
with a " bludgeon;"andhe, forsooth, would have
this House and the country believe, with an intent
to kill. Now, sir, I see thata very respectable and
excellent gentleman from Massachusetts has in
his hand a cane of the ordinary size for a gentle-
man of his age, and I beg him to raise it for the
inspection of the member from New Jersey.
[Mr. De Witt elevated his cane.] Now, sir, I
ask that member to answer as a gentleman—I beg
his pardon, that is a word which he cannot com-
prehend—but as a man on the witness-stand, is
not that cane double the weight and thickness of
the one used by me, and which you have impu-
dently and falsely tailed a " bludgeon?"
Mr. TRAFTON, (interrupting.) I have
noticed several interruptions in the galleries dur-
ing this discussion, and I wish to move that the
Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to clear the galler-
ies. [Hisses in the galleries.]
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
The Chair announced some time since, that if
there was any further disturbance the Sergeant-
at-Arms would have orders to clear the galleries.
Mr. BROOKS. I again appeal to my friends
in the galleries to be quiet.
The SPEAKER. Order must be preserved.
Mr. BROOKS, (resuming.) If 1 desired to
kill the Senator, why did not I do it? You all
admit that I had him in my power. Let me tell
the member from New Jersey that it was ex-
pressly to avoid taking life that I used an ordi-
nary cane, presented to me by a friend in Balti-
more, nearly three months before its application
to the " bare head" of the Massachusetts Sena-
tor. I went to work very deliberately, as 1 am
charged—and this is admitted—and speculated I
somewhat as to whetherl should employ a horse-
whip or a cowhide; but knowing that the Senator
was my superior in strength, it occurred to me
that he might wrest it from my hand, and then
—for I never attempt anything I do not perform
—I might have been compelled to do that which
I would have regretted the balance of my natural
life.
The question has been asked in certain news-
papers, why did I not invite the Senator to per-
sonal combat in the mode usually adopted. Well,
sir, as I desire the whole truth to be known about
the matter, I will for once notice a newspaper
article on the floor of the House, and answer
here.
My answer is, that I knew that the Senator
would not accept a message; and having formed
the unalterable determination to punish him, I
believed that the offense of " sending a hostile
message," superadded to the indictment for as-
sault and battery, would subject me to legal
penalties more severe than would be imposed for
a simple assault and battery.
That is my answer.
For this act, which the Senatfe, with a solitary
exception of a distinguished gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] have pronounced me
guilty of a breach of its privileges—for this act
I am complained of by that body to this House.
Your committee have declared, and this House
has now concurred in the opinion, that my
offense is to the Senate, and that no rule or order
of this body have I violated.
Now, sir, let me ask why the Senate did not
protect its own rights ? The argument has been
made here, that ex necessitate this House must
have the power to protect itself. If that princi-
ple be true in its application here, why has not
the Senate the same powers of protection ? But
what right has this House to punish me for of-
fenses committed out of its presence ? Again,
sir, I challenge comparison with any member,
aged or young, pious or not, as to the propriety
of my demeanor as a gentleman and a member.
They tell me that my responsibility to this House
is because of the general responsibility which
attaches to every member. How far does your
authority extend ? Across the Potomac ? To my
own home ? Why, sir, if I go to my home, and
find that one of my slaves has behaved badly in
my absence, and I direct him to be flogged, I may
be charged with—to use the language which
is familiar here—" crime the blackest and most
heinous;" and when I come back—and come
back I will—may be punished myself for inflict-
ing a chastisement which, by the common law
and the constitutional laws of my country, I have
the right to inflict upon my slave, who is my
property. Where do you stop in this question
of authority of the House over its members ? As
we understand it, there is sense in this authority
controlling amember while the House is in session
and restraining him from disturbing or embarrass-
ing its proceedings. If the Government was con-
stitutionally administered, every citizen would
have a direct interest in this much. But if your
authority goes into the Senate Chamber, and even
when the Senate is not in session, why should it
not go into the ante-rooms and down the steps of
the Capitol ? Why not pursue me into the Ave-
nue—into the steamboat—to my plantation ? I
take the gentlemen who have labored for my ex-
pulsion on their own declaration. They are com-
mitted to it, and they cannot now evade it. They
say that my responsibility is not because of any
offense committed in the presence of or to this
House, but because of the general and necessary
authority which the House has over its members.
Now, it seems to me that, if my responsibility
to this House for an offense committed elsewhere
is because of my membership, it is a logical con-
clusion, that my responsibility ceases when that
relation is dissolved. Whether or not the author-
ity of the Senate reaches me after my relations
to this House have terminated, it is not for me
now to inquire; but, in justice to myself, I take
occasion to say to the country, that if the Senate
take that view, I shall recognize its authority.
Now, sir, let me inform the honorable members
who have been pursuing me so fiercely, that my
present attitude was long since foreseen, and that
I am altogether prepared for any of its emergen-
cies. I knew with whom I haa to deal, and my
resignation has been for more than ten days in
the nands of the Governor of South Carolina, to
take effect the very instant that I announce my
resignation upon this floor. But, before I make
the announcement, I desire to say a word or two
in reference to what has been said of me in de-
bate and elsewhere. I saw in some of the New
York papers that a certain feminine gentleman
from that State [Mr. Morgan] had applied to me
the term villain." Well, that was not a word
" spoken in debate," and I only allude to it to
advertise the indignant gentleman that I have seen
me word and know that it was spoken in New
York, and not here in debate. He need not be
much alarmed; and, if he will « hold still" when
I get hold of him, I'll not hurt him much; and
this is all that I can say about that matter here.
Your amiable colleague, [Mr. Knapp,] who
was presented by his constituents with a revolver,
intended for my particular benefit, yesterday de-
clared that Massachusetts would " take her own
time and place" to resent what he and she both
pronounced to be an insult and an injury. I do not
intend, Mr. Speaker, to utter an offensive, unkind,
or even a rough word to that gentleman—for he is
a gentleman, socially, I know—but I wish to say
this to him, that I will never plead the statute of
limitations in bar of the wrath of Massachusetts.
On yesterday, however, we had a violent dem-
onstration from the gentleman from Connecti-
cut, [Mr. Woodruff,] who is now near me, and
who, with historical accuracy, (?) has asserted
that the bones of Connecticut revolutionary sol-
diers now lie in the valleys of the sunny South.
That member, with a show of manhood which
elicited my admiration, in his written remarks,
used the following language:
" Will not this Hall, with too much reason, continue to
be characterized as a ' Chamber of assassins,' if we do not
now unite to rebuke and emphatically condemn this mon-
strous violation of all honor and decency ? The country de-
mands action, and the times are hot for some, expiation of
dastardly and brutal outrages, whether committed in the
Capitol or on the plains of Kansas.
"If there is not spirit or manliness enough here to
promptly purge this body by proper and constitutional
means, at all events let a trial be made; let the vote come.
We shall then know who dare screen audacity or give coun-
tenance to crime."
Again:
" I court no disturbance; but the privileges of this House
shall not, so far as I am concerned, be infringed. With an
endeavor and design always to cultivate courtesy, I shall
not hesitate here in my place, or elsewhere, to freely char-
acterize as they deserve any lofty assumptions of arro-
gance, or any mean achievements of cowardice."
And again:
" I say again, let the vote come; and if honorable gentle-
men cannot wholly rid themselves of an unwelcome pres-
ence, they can at least show their appreciation of an action
wanting few of the elements of the most audacious crime,
and of a spirit equal to deeds that I will not name."
His conclusion is grandiloquent. It is as fol-
lows:
" And let me tell yon, Mr. Speaker, that the spirit of true
courage in Connecticut still lives."
Well, sir, I confess to you that all other con-
siderations escaped me when I heard the expres-
sion of so much manhood. He went through the
motions'well, and when he had finished, I could
not resist an expression of admiration of a spirit
with which we have not recently been familiar,
\ and I involuntarily arose from my seat and made
I him a profound bow.
j I thought, sir, that a gentleman who could utter
such sentiments so handsomely was a foeman
I worthy of anybody's steel, ana I determined in
' a very quiet way to treat him as a gentleman, fear
■ he spoke like a man. The very first friend who
chanced to come by me after the gentleman had
concluded was my friend from Tennessee, [Mr.
Savage,] about whom I happened to know some-
thing in Mexico. He was the very man I wanted;
and I asked him to present my compliments to
' the gentleman from Connecticut, and say a word
, quietly in his ear in my behalf. My friend did
1 so, and here is a letter giving a report of the in-
i terview:
! Washington Citt, July 11,1856.
: Dear Sir : I make a brief statement of the main facts
connected with my call on the Hon. Mr. Woodruff^ or
Connecticut, who spoke tp-day in the House of Bepresent-
atAfew moments after Mr. Woodruff c°"<;luded his
speech, you requested me to bear him a me®s®? ' h .
diately went round to that part of the Ho"-"* ith hj '
just inside the,bar. I told him ^anjed to speak with him^
and we had better walk to the wmdow, which we did. I
then said in substance: " Coloiel BRO irsneech'
honor, and I am r 9 . whether you are willing to receive
compliments, and inquirewneuiery  
a communication from him under the rales of that code.
