THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1856.
Njew Series....No. 99.
preceded me [Mr. Douglas] seems to think that,
if they otfc-r a fair bill now, they are carrying
out the original experiment on which they set
out, and that no gentleman has any occasion
to charge them with having any particular pur-
pose in view of making it a slave State, ana no
purpose but that of a fair experiment. There
are certainly circumstances connected with the
matter wluch must impress the mind even of
an ordinary observer. Last March, when the
subject of Kansas and ius difficulties was be-
fore this body, and was referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories, what was reported? A
bill that the people there should have the right
to form a constitution whenever, by a census
legally taken, it should be ascertained that they
had ninety-four thousand people—as much as to
say, they should not form a constitution until
then. What was the meaning of that? It was
this: "We have instituted a certain experiment
by which the people of the Territory are ulti-
mately to form a constitution in their own way
without us; we are sati*fied with the experiment
as far as it has gone-, let it go on, and let them
go on with their legislation; Tet them go on as a
Territory; and when they get ninety-four thou-
sand people, then, and not fill then, shall they
form a State constitution." But now, what do we
here? Here is a proposition in this body, coming
from the same committee, that that people shall
have their census taken, and may form a consti-
tution immediately, no matter what the number
is. Why this change ? What lias occasioned it?
I fancy gentlemen will hardly be willing to con-
cede that they have suddenly ascertained that it
may be the dominant party may not remain in
power long enough to carry out that experiment
in their own way. There may be some appre-
hensions on that point. The power may pass
into other hands, and they may not be able to
carry it through as gentlemen may wish. That
may be the occasion of the pivsent change and
alteration of the proposition. I do not say that
that is the occasion of the change. I fancy they
will be hardly willing to concede that such is the
case. At any rate, this great change has taken
place. If the reason whicJi I have last suggested
is not the one, what is it' What is the ditliculty ?
What has occasioned this great change? Why
do they not have the experiment go on for the
purposes for which it was originally designed, as
it is sa;d and was proposed in the first bill? Why
not tet it proceed ?
I have no doubt a sufficient excuse, or reason,
if that be a preferable term, can be found in the
condition of affairs there. Gentlemen have become
convinced that the condition of affairs in the
Territory is such—the exigencies of the time and
place are such, that a change is required. They
have hjrdly undergone much alteration, though
they have somewhat, by acts of violence, since
that period. Hut what is implied in this conces-
sion, if it be one? It is this: "Our experiment is
n failure: onr squatter-sovereignty experiment,
whi^h we put on foot, does not work; it will not
uo to let it go through to its ultimate or original
ends, it is producing, m some way or other, a
great d<-al of diHiculty there, such as we cannot
endure to have a longer continuance of." I grant
it. That is the fact."" However gentlemen may
plume themselves on the excellency of squatter
sovereignty and the success of the experiment, at
pi fsent it certainly does not present a very favor-
able aspect, it is saul it is a good experiment,
b^cvuse it succeeds in Nebraska, and therefore
you ought not to pronounce it bad. It works
well enough where you do not try it.
Mr. CASS. It is going on.
Mr. COLLAMER. ft will work very well
where you do not try it. They have never tried
th«. rXTiVrnnent in Nebraska. The different sides
hav nrV' r gone in there to make an attempt to
tr\ the e\"i>einnent. if the experiment will not
do for a t *u l with two fide* to it, I do not see
ih it th"iv is arv u^ for :t. There is no parallel-
)sta .\\ tin* en.s. V«>n cannot pronounce on the
goodness of the experiment by the result in a
99
place where it has never really been tried. Where
it is tried—where the parties undertake to settle
under it, we see what the results are: we see and
know what the condition of things is.
I have given the outlines of my objections to
attempting this experiment at this time, in a new
Territory. But gentlemen say we are afraid of
it, though we have always been saying there was
a majority of free-State people in this Territory.
Sir, those statements are in no way inconsistent
with the statement which I now make. Such was
the condition of things in that Territory when
that was said; but the operation of the causes and
influences which I have mentioned has produced
an entirely different state of things. I verily be-
lieve that the gentlemen who are now pushing this
experiment are satisfied that that is so.
But itis said there is full provision made by the
amendmentsto the bill, for the return of the peo-
ple who have been driven out. It is said they
can return and vote. Mr. President, that seems
to be about as ill-founded as all the rest of this
movement. I do not say that there should not be
such a provision in the bill. I do not object to
that provision; butitfurnishesnoredress—I mean
no practical redress. There are two ways to
settle the balance of power between parties: one
is to make accessions to your own party, and the
other is to deprive your opponents of theirs.
Any way m which you can lessen your opponents'
numbers, adds to your own lelative and.compar-
ative strength. Let us see what is this provision.
The people have been hunted out, in the manner
which 1 have mentioned, and the condition of '
things there being such that it will be impossible
to have any peaceable and candid and fair ex-
periment, it is said they may go back, and if they
do, they may be put on the list of voters; and if
they do not, the Topeka constitution which they
have made should not be approved and applied
to other people, as they are not coming back to
live under it themselves.
Nov/, Mr. President, has one single thing been
done, is there inserted in the bill one single pro-
vision, by which these people can return m safety
any more than they could have remained there
in safety? They could not with personal safety
stay there; they weie hunted away. What is
there in this bill—what is there in the proposed
provisions anywhere, by which you are going
to furnish them any security that they can stay
there more safely after they go back? Instead
of persons overrunning the Territory, and visit-
ing from house to house with depredations and
violence, it is said that the United States au-
thorities, by their army, have driven them out.
Well, what has it come to? Instead of there
being a storm of the Territory, it is now a block-
ade—a siege. These men have gone down on the
Missouri river, and blockaded and besieged the
very inroad to the Territory by which the people
are to receive even the necessary supplies for
livelihood. These men have broken up the har- !
vest. They deprived the people of the opportu-!
nity of cultivating their land; have driven many j
of them away; and now the very same men of !
violence, whose habitations are full of the instru-
ments of cruelty, have turned it into a siege and
blockaded the river.
How are the people who have been driven out
to get back? How can they return? T^iey are
mocked with hems? told, " If you will come back j
you will be <yood voters.55 But how can they get j
back? And if they do get back, how are they to i
stay there ? Have the laws under which these;
invaders were at times organized and rallied as a j
sheriff's pow?, been repealed? Not at all. Have
they been vacated in any way ? Not in the least.
Is anything of that kind promised? Not at all.
Has any provision been made for security ? Not
the least. Is there any promise of it? None.
Now, I as-k gentlemen, in all candor, how can
thev say that the provision, that, if these people
gei'baek and ean stay there, they may vote next
November, furnishes any security or satisfaction?
That provision furnishes no security; in the na-
ture of things it never can furnish any.
It is said that some of the obnoxious laws of
the invading Legislature have been superseded by
the amendments to the bill. That may be; but
if so, the laws repealed are not all that ought to
be repealed. If they are superseded at ail, it is
merely by the declaration of a bill of rights.
Where does that bill of rights come from ? . Itis
taken from the Constitution of the United States.
Was not the Constitution of the United States in
force there all the time ? It was. Then is it any
better for putting it in detail in a bill ? Not at all.
Did it prevent such laws being passed or being
enforced by the courts there? No. Will it do
any more by enacting it in this bill ? I do not see
why.
I have now, Mr. President, stated briefly the
leading facts, believed by myself to be true, which
operate as insuperable obstacles to sustaining the
bill of the committee, and which, in my opinion,
would form insuperable obstacles in any candid
mind. I am sensible that gentlemen may differ
with me as to the facts which I have stated. It
is so throughout the world. We must be gov-
erned by the facts as we understand them. Some
gentlemen understand them perhaps in one way,
I in another; but while they are subjects-matter
of my own belief they must be guides to my own.
judgment; and so must it be with others.
Some gentlemen have suggested that a carte
blanche has been thrown out to us; that the other
side, finding themselves in trouble and wanting to
get out of it peaccably, ask us what we propose
to do? I have already suggested what we should
of course propose to doif this were true. We have
proposed it, but it has been rejected. We may pro-
pose it again, but I suppose it will be rejected.
It is simply to retrace this step, to obliterate this
measure, to replace your Missouri compromise,
to restart, to reorganize the Territory, to do away
with all the consequences which resulted from its
invasion, and proceed fairly and properly. I know
that nothing of that kind will be agreed to here,
and therefore I shall not take time in discussing
it; but in my own estimation the state of circum-
stances produced by this attempted experiment is
such that I do not see any easy way, even in the
mode I suggest, of producing immediate peace.
The experiment was to invite people to this
Territory, (for none were there then,) by saying to
them, ei You shall be left perfectly free to regulate
your institutions as you please; settle there from
the free States and the slave States with your
different views of public policy." What was the
result of this ? It necessarily brought into collis-
ion men of different sentiments upon an irritating
topic, which they think personally important to
themselves, so that you could not reasonably ex-
pect to have a fair and candid operation of your
experiment. This is one of the vices of the experi-
ment itself; it is in the nature of the experiment.
I submit that gentlemen might naturally expect
that it would bring into collision the most violent
men, entertaining different views on this subject;
for they are most likely to enter into such a col-
lision. When you invited such men, and agreed
to leave them to themselves, it appears to me very
much like an experiment which any man must
have anticipated would necessarily produce dis-
cord, collision, violence, and, probably, blood-
shed.
It has produced these things: such certainly
has been the result. In this state of things I shall
not say that! see my way perfectly clear m bring-
ing about immediate peace; but I do say, that to
expect at this time, that the people will have a
fair opportunity of trying this experiment by dis-
cussing the subject, and holding a peaceable and
quiet canvass, and using fair arguments through
the press and orally, is to me altogether prepos-
terous.
I have now a word to say in relatioseto the
Topeka constitution, it is an extreme case. Ne-
cessity, at times, it is said, jusjsbfies^ extreme
measures. In the present state of things, the
admission of Kansas with the Topeka constitu-
tion is the most quiet and- easy way of settling
the question. I think it well justified by the
