§34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 16,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Defense of South Carolina—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. of Reps.
naented each other into this conviction. The only
difficulty is to drug TYttfA, so that she shall slum-
ber forever. Let us appeal to facts.
In Charleston, November 15, 1773, a public
meeting resolved to sejzs the tea then in Charles*:
ton harbor; and they did seize it and prevent its
sale.
The citizens of Boston threw the tea overboard
into Boston harbor afterwards; but they dis-
guised themselves as Indians, and did the act in
the darkness of night. The citizens of Charles-
ton had already done a similar act in daylight, and
in the eye of the sun. Were their different modes
olfaction n  this matter indicative of a difference
in the character of the two people ? Since then,
a secret party, organized in mystery, and plotting
under " cavernous archways," has ruled Massa- !
chusetts; but in South Carolina it found no rest-
ing spot.
In 1765 Colonel John Ashe and Colonel Wad-
dell, of North Carolina, with a band of brave
compatriots, seized a British sloop-of-war with
stamp paper on board, and carried the stamp
paperin triumph to Wilmington. They publicly
tramt it; then forced the Royal governor to yield
up the stamp master for that colony to them, and
compelled him to take an oath not to execute his
office. Here was an act of heroism and magnan-
imity greater than that of the Boston tea party or
the battle of Bunker Hill.
At Charlotte, oir the 20th of May, 1775, the
Mecklenburg declaration of independence was
made. This was the prototype of the Declara-
tion of Independence of 1776.
The first victorv in the Revolution was won at
Moore's Creek, North Carolina, on the 27th of
February, 1776. Well may the Old North State,
her head pillowed upon her laurels, sleep soundly.
Soundly she has slept—so soundly that Massa-
chusetts has filched from her -the honor of her
earliest achievements.
lpto James river, too, did the gallant sons of
Virginia throw British stamp paper. These acts
have been celebrated in no orations, and em-
balmed in no poem; but the famous tea party of
Boston is.
" Pealed and chimed oil every tongue of fame."
Those who performed most of the achieve-
ments of the Revolution have not written its
history.
Now, sir, I will proceed with the charges against
South Carolina. Mr. Sabine says:
" The whole number of regulars enlisted for the conti-
nental gervice from the beginning to the close of the strug-
gle, waS 231,950; of these, I have once remarked, 67,907
were from Massachusetts and 1 may now add that every
State south of Pennsylvania provided but 59,493— 8,4X4 less
that this single State; yet, did 6,660 Whig soldiers exhaust
hei*iesources of men ? Could she furnish only 752 more
than Rhode Island, the smallest State in the Confederacy-
only one fifth of the number of Connecticut—only one half
as many as New Hampshire, then an almost unbroken wil-
derness ? She did not, she could not, defend herself against
her own Tories; and it is hardly an exaggeration to add that
more Whigs of New England weresent to her aid, and now
lie buried in her soil, than she sent from it to every scene
of strife from Lexington to Yorktown."
I affirm that there was not a single New Eng-
land company in South Carolina throughout the
revolutionary war. I affirm that there was not
a single soldier from Massachusetts in South
Carolina throughout the whole progress of that \
conflict. Let us appeal to history.
When Charleston was first assailed in June,
1776, though Charles Lee was sent to take com-
mand of her defenses, he brought no troops.
The battle of Port Moultrie was fought and won
by General Moultrie an® Colonel Thompson,
with only the native militia of South Carolina.
From behind a slender breastwork, hastily con-
structed, General Moultrie shattered a British
fleet, and with five or six hundred militia Colonel
Thompson drove back two thousand British regu-
lars. - °
, When Lincoln was sent to take command,
what was the order given to him by Congress?
It was " To take command of all their forces to
the southward. "—(Ramsay.) What constituted
the regular army of General Gates when he moved
on Camden? Fourteen hundred continental troops,
consisting of the Delaware and Maryland lines.—
(Johnson's Greene.) With these were militia
from Virginia and Worth Carolina. The remains
of this army constituted the nucleus of that of
General Greene, for which he received no rein-
forcements of regulars, except the legion of Colo-
nel Lee, most of which were Virginia and
Maryland recruits, and a legionary corps, also
from Virginia, commanded by General Lawson.
Sir, these are all the continental troops which
were in South Carolina throughout the revolu-
tionary war. Thirty bloody battles were fought
upon ner soil, but they were all fought by south-
ern men. Sir, in the darkest hours of the Revo-
lution, when the cloud of defeat hung from all the
arches of our sky, her Partisan leaders, in swamp
fastnesses and on mountain top, kept the fires of
independence brightly burning. In the wildest
storm of that struggle, the Palmetto ship State
was held, with unconquerable firmness, to its
path of revolution, beaconed right onward by the
eternal stars of resistance and liberty. While
British fleets darkened her coasts, and British
armies ravaged her soil; while marauding Tories
and Indian bands wrapped her in flames and
drenched herin blood, there sprang upalloverher
that brilliant race of partisan warriors, who have
never been surpassed in the his tony of human
warfare. From her native. militia there sprang
up Marion and Sumter, Pickens and Lacy, Adair
and Hampton, Mayhem and Thomas, Bratton
and Roebuck, and a host of others, whose deeds
rival even the legends of Spartan daring and
Rbman prowess. Sir, for four years South Car-
olina was the theater of conflict for both the Amer-
ican and British armies, and from her wasted soil,
and through the labor of her slave population,
was sustenance provided for both the contending
parties. I repeat the declaration, that not a single
private soldier from Massachusetts was in South
Carolina throughout the whole revolutionary war.
The thirty battles within her limits were fought
by southern men.
Mr. Sabine also says :
" South Carolina, with a northern army to assist her,
could not, or would not, preserve her own capital."
Sir, I have already said that there was not a
New England company in South Carolina at any
period of the. war, and I pronounce the above
statement to be a fraud and falsehood.
What are the facts of the case? Three times
during the war was Charleston assailed. What
was the conduct of the Carolinians during the
| first assault? Ramsay says :
I "In South Carolina, particularly, every exertion had beed
i made to put the province, and especially its capital, in a
| respectable posture of defense."
i When it was first attaeked, alarm guns were
fired, and Ramsay says:
"The militia of the country very generally obeyed the
summons of President Rutledge, and repaired in great num-
bers to Charleston." . '
The capital was defended, and the British were
beaten off, wholly by South Carolinians, in one of
the most sanguinary battles of the war. - This
was one defense of the capital.
" Another occasion followed when General Lincoln, with-
drawing all the regular troops away into Georgia, left its
(South Carolina) whole sea-hoard open, and its capital city
liable to a coup de main of General Prevost. What then was
the course of the Carolinians ? We find Moultrie ruslflng
to the rescue, with twelve hundred militia from one quar-
ter, and Governor Rutledge with another body of native
militia pressing down for the same object from another
quarter of the interior; while Lincoln, with similar speed,
was marching from a third direction."—Simms.
A second time were the British baffled in their
attempts.
A third attack was made, and it succeeded; but
under what circumstances ? General Ashe, with
the Georgia continentals, and fifteen hundred
North Carolina militia, had been defeated and
dispersed by General Prevost; and this disastrous
event had been followed by the still more disas-
trous assault upon Savannah, in which the com-
bined forces of D'Estaing and Lincoln were de-
feated with great loss—a loss falling heavily upon
the Carolina troops, who alone succeeded in
planting their standard upon the enemy's works—a
Darren but an honorable achievement.—(Simms.)
In addition to this enfeeblementof our forces, the
small-pox raged in Charleston. Science had not
yet disarmed this enemy of our race of its terrors, j
and then it smote more consternation into the
hearts of men than now. The Indians, too, in
the upper portions of the State, were uneasy and
restless,and showed signs of an approaching out-
break. The mountaineer, who left his home for
the defense of the capital, felt that the war-cry of
the savage, and the shrieks of his butchered fam-
ily , might companion him on his soldier pilgrim-
age. But even then, there was no lack of patri-
otism or courage in the defense of Charleston.
In February, 1780, Charleston was a third time
approached. The force with which the city was
invested consisted of about twelve thousand dis-
ciplined troops, and a fleet of about fifty sail of
vessels of all classes, ranging from the sloop of
war to the ship of the line. Mcintosh says:
" On the 13th of April all the general officers were called
by General Lincoln to his quarters, where he gave us the
first idea of the state of the garrison—the men, provisions,
stores, artillery, &c., in it; the little hopes he had of suc-
cor of any consequence; and the opinion of engineers
respecting our fortifications—that they Were only field-
works or lines, and could hold out but a few days more.
With every information he could obtain of the uunibers,
strength of the enemy, &c., he was compelled to take up
the idea of evacuating the city," &c.
The same writer says:
" On the 19th of April, tlie council adjourned in the
evening to-General Lincoln's quarters, when Colonel Lar-
ney, representing the insufficiency of our fortifications,
(if they wdre worthy of being called so,) the improbability
of holding out many days longer, and the impracticability
of making our retreat good as the enemy were now situated,
earned it for offering terms of honorable capitulation first.
The Lieutenant Governor, with four of liis council, (Messrs.
Ferguson, Hutson, Cattle, and Dr. Ramsay,) coming in a
little after, used the council very rudely; the Lieutenant
Governor declaring he would protest against our proceed-
ings ; that the militia were willing to live upon rice alone,
rather than give up the town upon any terms; and that
even the old women were so accustomed to the enemy's
shot now that tliey traveled the streets without fear or
dread."
General Moultrie was the only general officer
who objected to a capitulation. He was in the
service of South Carolina. Gervais says that the
rumor of a capitulation " occasioned great dis-
content as ,well among the regulars as militia,
who wish to defend the place to the last extremity,
are in high spirits, and so resolved as to offer to
receive only half rations a day if necessary."
General Moultrie, on the 26th of April, says:
" As soon as General Duportail (a French officer)
came into garrison and looked at the enemy and
at our works, he declared that they were not ten-
able, and that the British might have taken the
town ten days ago." General Moultrie also
says that when the " British saw the number of
our men they were astonished, and said we had
made agallant defense." Colonel Rochfort said:
" Sir, you have made a gallant defense." Charles-
ton was defended by five thousand troops, and of
these more than fifteen hundred were Carolinians.
The supplies of provisions and ammunition were
insufficient; this was owing to General Lincoln's
neglect. The city fell more through starvation
than assault. The British approached it the 9th
of February; it capitulated the 11th of May.
True, it might have been defended better, but we
will see whether Massachusetts has a right to
i reproach South Carolina.
Mr. Sabine admits that South Carolina over-
' paid her proportion of the expenditures of the
war in the sum of #1,205,978. Let us see the
contributions of men. South Carolina had 93,000
inhabitants; Massachusetts had 352,000. . The
following is Seybert'stable, which was laid before
Congress the 5th December, 1811. It shows that
South Carolina furnished 35,503 men during the
Revolution, and that Massachusetts furnished
88,183. Taking their respective populations as
a basis, South Carolina should have furnished
only 23,000 men, instead of 35,503; or Massa-
chusetts should have furnished 134,376, instead
of 88,183. The table speaks for itself:
Southermznd Northern trooft in the Revolutionary War.
1775. 1776. 1777. 17T8.
New Hampshire . 2,824 4,019 4,483 ,1 ■'
Massachusetts 16,444 20,372 12,591 13,4Jj
Rhode Island    1,193 1,900 '>
Connecticut  4,507
New York  2,075 *
New Jersey  —
Delaware  —
Maryland 
Vfrginia  3,180
North Carolina  2,U00
South Carolina 
Georgia....  1>«°°
Pennsylvania     
  37,623 89,651 68,720
South of Pennsylvania.. 10,180 23,013 24,0%
13,227
5,344
9,086
3,339
6,1*1
4,134
6,069
2,3(0
10,395
89,651
23,013
6.563
5.333
2.908
7.555
1L013
1.281
2,1 CO
2,173
9,184
4,"10
2,190
2,580
349
3.3>7
7,836
1,287
3.ii50
73
C1.GS4
51.052
<20.033
