836
. appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 16,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Defense of South Carolina—Mr. Kcitt.
Ho. of Reps.
thousand men, whereas I was confidently led to believe by
all the officers I conversed with, that we should by this
time have had the regiments nearly completed. Our total
number amounts to ten thousand five hundred; but as a
large portion of them are returned not joined, I never expect
to see them; as an order has once been issued, another is
now going forth peremptorily requiring all officers, upon
pain of being cashiered, and recruits of being treated as
deserters, to join their regiments by the first day of next
month, that 1 may know my real strength," &.c., &c.
A month later, when the danger had increased,
and with it the solicitude of Washington, when
every appliance he was master of had been ex-
hausted to augment the army, he says:
" So far from my having an army of 20,000 men, well
armed, 8tc., I have been here with less than one half of it,
including sick, furloughed, and on command; and these
neither armed nor clothed as they should be. In short, my
attention has been such that I have been obliged to use arts
to conceal it from my own officers." •
He charges them with even carrying off the
arms of the country. He says:
" So many have been carried off, partly by stealth, but
chiefly as condemned, that we have not, at this time, one
hundred guns in the stores, of all that have been taken in
the prize-ship and from the soldiery, notwithstanding the <
regiments are not half completed." I
I might multiply similar extracts, but I do not J
care to press this subjectfurther. I am content that;
history shall adjudge the claims of South Carolina [
and Massachusetts. Of blood and of treasure my
State furnished her share. After 1777,at no time
were there more than 6,000 British troops in New
England. Why were they not swept away?
Why did not the 88,000 valiant heroes of Massa-
chusetts alone scatter them with their daring
courage ? Sir, where were these valiant men ? If
you can find out where they were, Mr. Speaker,
you can do more than the British ever did.
I pass now, sir, to another point. We have
waged two wars with Great Britain during our
brief existence as one of the Powers of the earth.
.Let us invoke history to show the course of Mas-
sachusetts in the last war—the war of 1812.
In alluding to the aggressions of Great Britain
against us, the memorial of the Boston merchants
to Congress says:
" Unless the present disposition of the British admiralty
courts and navy officers can be counteracted and removed,
y widely dispersed and unprotected commerce, extending
'to every region of the globe, will serve to invite depreda-
tion, to bankrupt ourselves and enrich others,
until such commerce be swept from the face of the ocean."
They further state, that " A tacit submission
• to pretension thus lofty would be an abandon-
ment of rights openly recognized, and a dere-
liction of the most important commercial
interests of ooR couNTRr." And they add:
"Reason and the most powerful considerations
of equity enjoin it as a duty on the United States
to oppose these pretensions." And that " These
pretensions are ' unsound in point of principle,
offensive in practice, and nugatory in effect.'"—
June 20,1806. . K
The Salem memorial to Congress says:
" It would, in their opinion, if established, create greater
evils than it professes to redress, by perpetuating strife,
destroying the emoluments of trade, embarrassing com-
mercial intercourse, and letting loose the passions to
prey on the miseries and plunder the property of
tbe innocent. 11 would subject neutrals to hazard nearly
as perilous as those of actual hostilities, and, independent
of its influence in stimulating to revenge and retaliation,
it would transfer the benefits of peace to any vic-
torious usurper of the ocean.
"Your memorialists wish to take no part in the contests
which now convulse the world; but, acting with impartial-
ity towards all nations, to reap the fruits of a just neutrality.
If, however, conciliation cannot effect the purposes of
justice, and an appeal to arms be the last and necessary
protection of honor, they feel no disposition to decline the
common danger, or shrink from tbe common contribution.
" Ilelying on the wisdom and firmness of the General
Government in this behalf, they feel no hesitation to
pledge their lives and properties in support of the
measures which may be adopted to vindicate the public
rights, and redress the public wrongs."—January 30,1806.
The memorial of the merchants of Newbury-
port, December, 1805, says:
" In many cases, oar vessels and cargoes have been cap-
tured, tried, and condemned, in courts of law, under un-
usual and alarming pretenses; which, if permitted to con-
tinue, threaten the rbin of our commercial interests.
''Having sustained these losses and injuries in the pros-
ecution of our lawful commerce, and in the exercise of our
just rights, we rely with confidence on the wisdom, firm-
ness, and justice of our Government, to obtain for us that
compensation, and to grant to us that protection which a
regard to the honor of our country, no less than tbe
rights of our citizens, must dictate and require."
The aggressions of Great Britain continued,
and her hostile legislation was additionally en-
venomed. Our commerce was confiscated, and
our seamen were impressed. The latter evil had
become so great, that the President, in his mes-
sage, stated:
" The practice is so far from affecting British subjects
alone, that, under the pretext of searching for these, thou-
sands of american citizens, under the safeguard of
public law and their national flag, have been torn from
their country and from everything dearto them—have been
dragged on board ships of war of a foreign nation, and
exposed, under the severities of their discipline, to be exiled
to the most distant and deadly climes, to risk their lives in
the battles of their oppressors, and to be the melancholy in-
struments of taking away those of their own brethren."
And a committee of Congress said, by the or-
ders in council of the 11th of November, 1807:
"The British Government declared direct and positive
war against the United States. The dominion of the ocean
was completely usurped by it j all commerce forbidden;
and every flag driven from it, or subjected to capture and
condemnation, which did not subserve the policy of the
British Government by paying it a tribute and sailing under
its sanction. From this period the United States have in-
curred the heaviest losses and most mortifying humiliations.
They have borne the calamities of war without retorting
them on its authors."
The following resolution was adopted unani-
mously by the Senate of the United States, Feb-
ruary 10,1806:
" Resolved, That the capture and condemnation, under
orders of the British Government, and adjudications of their
courts of admiralty, of American vessels and their cargoes,
on the pretext of tlreir being employed in a trade with the
enemies of Great Britain prohibited in time of peace, is
an unprovoked aggression upon the property of the
citizens of the united states a violation of their
neutral rights—and an encroachment upon their
national independence."
These practices continued, and the indignation
throughout the country was so great and general i
that Harrison Gray Otis, in a letter to a friend in -
London, dated January 14, 1812, wrote:
" You will perceive by the papers that our Government
profess the intention to assume a very warlike attitude, and .
that the sentiment of indignation throughout the country, 1
at tbe continuation of the orders in council, la loud and j
universal from both parties ! The motives which in-
duce your Government to continue them are quite incom-
prehensible to the best friends of Great Britain in this
country; and the effect will be to make every man odious j
who dares to express a wish for your suecess and prosperi- |
ty—a sentiment still common to our best men, but which
an adherence to this system will impair and destroy."
The Congress of the United States adopted the
following resolutions,all looking to war, and only I
defensible as war measures. Mr. Q.uincy, and |
the leaders of the Massachusetts delegation, if >
not the whole delegation, voted for all these reso- !
lutions:
From the Journal. I
" The question was taken on the following resolution,
and passed.—December 16,1811. I
"' That it is expedient to authorize the President, under
proper regulations, to accept the service of any number of
volunteers, not exceeding fifty thousand ; to be organized,
trained, and held in readiness to act on such service as the
exigencies of Government may require.7
" Same day the question was taken on the foliowing res-
olution, And passed:
" ' That the President be authorized to order out, from
time to time, such detachments of the militia, as, in his
opinion, tbe public service may require.'
"Same day the question was taken on tbe following
resolution, and passed:
" 'That all the vessels not now in service belonging to the
navy, and worthy of repair, be immediately fitted up and
put into commission.'
" December 19,1811—The question was taken on tbe
following resolution, and passad:
' That it is expedient to permit our merchant vessels,
owned exclusively by resident citizens, and commanded
and navigated solely by citizens, to arm under proper regu-
lations, to be prescribed by law, in self-defense against all
unlawful proceedings towards them on the high seas.'
" February 19,1812.—The engrossed bill for authorizing a
loan for eleven (11) millions of dollars was read the third
time, and passed."
The war was declared, and what part did
Massachusetts play in this eventful drama ?
After this declaration of war, the lower House
of her Legislature declared that—
" The real cause of tbe war must be traced to the first
systematic abandonment of the policy of Washington and
the friends and frapiers of the Constitution; to implacable
animosity against those men, and their universal exclusion
from all concern in the Government of the country; to
the influence of worthless foreigners over the press and
the deliberations of the Government in all its branches; to
a jealousy of the commercial States, fear of their power,
contempt of their pursuits, and ignorance of their true
character and importance; to the cupidity of certain States
for the wilderness reserved for the miserable aborigines;
to a violent passion for conquest," &c.
Not to be outdone, the Senate of Massachusetts
then resolved that—
" The war was founded in falsehood, declared without
necessity, and its real object was extent of territory by un-
just conquests, and to aid the late tyrant of Europe in his
view of aggrandizement."
Pending the preparations for war, Jflhn Henry
was sent from Canada on a mission to the east-
ern States. His instructions were "to see how
far the malcontents would exert their influence
to bring about a separation from the general
Union. ' Also, " how far, in such an event,
they would look to England for assistance, or be
disposed to enter into a connection with us,"
(the people of Canada.)
He says, writing from Boston, March 7, 1809:
" I have already given a decided opinion that a declara-
tion of war is not to be expected ; but, contrary to all rea-
sonable calculation, should the Congress possess spirit and
independence enough to place their popularity in jeopardy
by so strong a measure, the Legislature of Massachusetts will
give the tone to the neighboring States, will declare itself per-
manent until anew election ofmembers ; invite a Congress,
to be composed of delegates from the Federal States, and erect
a separate Government for their common defense and com-
mon interest."
I will not multiply extracts from the same
source.
After war was declared, Massachusetts exer-
cised all her energies to cripple the operations of
the Government, and bring defeat upon our cause.
Knowing that the war could not be conducted
without money, she obstructed the Government
loan in every way. A combinaticn was formed
in Boston to defeat it. The author of the Olive
Branch, on page 297, says:
" Shortly after the declaration of war there was a combi-
nation formed to prevent the success of the loans author-
ized by Congress. I believe that nearly all those who
entered into this scheme resided in the eastern States,
particularly in Boston, which was the grand focus of the
conspiracy."
He also says of the scheme:
" The success in the eastern States was considerable-.
Few men have the courage to stem the tide of popular de-
lusion when it sets in very strong. There were some, how-
ever, who subscribed openly, in defiance of denunciations
and threats. Others, of less firm texture, loaned their
money by stealth, and as clandestinely as if it were trea-
sonable."—Olive Branch, p. 300.
Money was then abundant, for JTohn Lowell,
in his Road to Ruin, says:
" Money is such a drag, (tlie surest sign of the former
prosperity and present insecurity of trade,) that men,
against their consciences, their honor, their duty, their
professions, and promises, are willing to lend it secretly,Xa
support the very measures which are both intended and
calculated for their ruin."—Road to Ruin, by John Lowell.
The press, too, of Boston, directed all its efforts
against the loan. I give some extracts:
" Jlny Federalist who lends money to Government must
go and shake hands with James Madison and claim fellow-
ship with Felix Grundy. Let him no more call himself a
Federalist and friend to his country! He will be called
by others infamous 1
" It is very grateful to find that the universal sentiment is,
that any man who lends his money to the government^
at the present time, will forfeit all claim to com-
mon honesty and common courtesy among all true
friends to the countrv ! God forbid that any Federalist
should ever hold up his hand to pay Federalists for money
lent to> the present rnlers! and Federalists can judge
whether Democrats will tax their constituents to pay inter-
est to Federalists."—Boston Gazette, Jlpril 14,1814.
" On tbe whole, we think it no way to get out of the war
to give money to the Government, when the very thing that
prevents them from carrying it en is the want of money."—
Boston Gazette, Jlpril 14,1814.
" The war-advocates appear very sore and chagrined at
the failure of the late loan, and in their ravings ascribc the
meager subscriptions to the truths which have appeared in
the Federal papers on tbe subject."—Boston Centinet,
March 24,181i
" Our merchants constitute an honorable, high-minded,
independent, and intelligeut class of citizens. They feel the
oppression, injury, and ipockery with which they are treated
by the Government. They will lend them money to retrace
their steps, but none to persevere in their present course.
Let every highwayman find his own pistols."—Boston Ga-
zette.
So odious did they make the war, that subscrip-
tions to the Government loan were made secretly.
The following advertisement is proof:
From the Boston Gazette. April 14,1814.
" The Loan Subscriptions win be received through the
agency of the subscriber to tbe 25th instant,
" To avoid the inconvenience of pensonal appearance to
suhscribp annlications ill writing will be received from any
Mrt of ft'e sSr Each applitant will name the higbesl
rate he willlive and if the loan shall be granted lower that.
hTproJsalfheWiFreap the benefit; but if higher than his
offer, he will have no share in it.
