1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
837
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Defense of South Carolina—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. of Reps.
'"The amount, rate, and name or ant applicant shall,
at his request, be known only to the subscriber.
All the business shall be transacted and certificates de-
livered to the subscribers without expense.
U . " JESSE PUTNAM."
The author of the Olive Branch well and prop-
erly remarks that—
" Men in the ' moral aad religious > town of Boston are
obliged to lend their money t  their own Government by
Stealth.
" But in the face of day, within ttielcnowledge of a whole
community, they send specie te the common enemy, to
support him against their own country!
" Can human nature sink lower ? They are ' too moral
and too religious ' to rejoice at the victories of their fellow-
citizens ; but they are neither ' too moral nor too religious'
to aid the enemy to victory! An age of penitence in sack-
cloth and ashes would n<n efface this foul blot from the
escutcheon of Boston."— Olive Braneh, p. 312.
Not satisfied, however, with crippling the Grov-
ernment,aiid making the war odious, the patriotic
State of Massachusetts aided the enemy with
money. The same author from whom I have
already quoted, says further:
" To render the stroke at public credit more unerring,
and to place the result wholly out of the reach of contin-
gency, there was an arrangement made by some persons,
at present unknown, with agents of the Government of
Lower Canada, whereby an immense amount of British
Government bills, drawn in Quebec, were transmitted for
sale to New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, and dis-
posed of to moneyed men, on such advantageous terms as
induced them to make large purchases.
"And thus was absorbed a very large portion of the
capital of these three cities."—Olive Branch, pp. 309,310.
Heavy drafts were drawn by the citizens of
Massachusetts against other banks, for the pur-
pose of impairing the credit of the country, and
degrading the Administration from power. Mr.
Carey, in the Olive Branch, says':
" Daring die winter, when the roads were in wretched
•rder, and when carriage was of course fr«m twenty to
thirty per centum dearer than the common freight, the
Boston banks made immoderate, continued, oppressive,
unprecedented, and hostile drafts for specie #n the New
York "banks.
" The specie received for these biHs from New York
was forwarded to the agents of the Government of Can-
afla."
He also says of the banks of Massachusetts:
<rThe banks of Massachusetts possessed, for every hun-
dred dollars of their notes in circulation, nearly two hun-
dred aad .fifty dollars in specie—a state of things probably
unparalleled in the history of banking, from the -days «f
the Lombards to the present time."
" Notwithstanding the enormous sums' of specie drawn
into the town of Bosten from New York, Philadelphia, lie.,
so great was the drain away to Canada and Nova Scotia,
to pay for Government bills and for smuggled goods, that
but a very moderate sum remained at the beginning of the
present year, (1815.)"—Olive Branch, p. 308.
But Massachusetts did not limit her achieve-
ments in the war of 1812 to crippling the Gov 
eminent through factious opposition, and aiding
the enemy with money. She " turned a penny "
by smuggling. Mr. Carey, says Boston " was
supplied -frith smuggled goods on a very large
scale." So great was the demoralization of so-
ciety that John Lowell, one of its leaders, wrote
of smuggling:
"Encouraged and protected from infamy by the just
odium against the war, they (the merchants) engage in
hwless speculations, sneer at the restraints of conscience,
laugh at peijury, mock at legal restraints, and acquire an
ill-gotten wealth at the expense of public morals, and of
the more sober, conscientious parts of the community."—
Road to Ruin, No. 6.
He says, again, in relation to smuggling:
" Administration hirelings m*y revile the northern States
and the merchants generally for .this monstrous depravation
of morals, this execrable course of smuggling and fraud;
but there is a just God who knows how to trace the causes
of human events, and He wiH assuredly visit upon the au-
thors of this war all the iniquities of which it has been the
occasion. If the guilty deserve our scorn or our pity, the
tempters and seducers deserve our execration."
Pious Boston, patriotic Boston, puritanical
Boston J well may she exclaim, " Thank God I
am not as others are I" Her prosperity mainly
resting upon the African slave trade, loans of
money to the enemy in time of war, and smug-
gling, well may she bedeck herself with finery!
Nor was the pulpit in 1812 in Massachusetts
confined to religious duties. It then gave aid and
comfort to the enemy as it now preaches insur-
rection. I submit a few extracts from some of
the clergymen of Massachusetts.
From the Rev. I. S. J. Gardiner, A. M.,rector
of Trinity Church, Boston:
" ^ is a war unexampled in the history of the world: wan-
tonly proclaimed on the most frivolous and groundless pre-
tenses, against a nation from whose friendship we might
derive the most signal advantages, and from whose hos-
tility we have reason to dread the most tremendous losses."
—Discourse delivered July 23,1812.
« What consequence is it to you if they be repealed or
not, if you are sold to Napoleon, as you have reason to 6c-
liere, by the slaves who have abused your confidence ?—Idem.
" The Union has been, long since, virtually dis-
solved ; and it is full time that this part of the
disunited States should take care or itself."—Idem.
From the Jtev. Elijah Parish, D. D.:
" There is a point—there is an hour—beyond which you
will not bear!"—Discourse delivered at Byfield, April 7,
" New England, if invaded, would be obliged to defend
herself. Do you not, then, owe it to your children, and
owe it to your God, to make peace for yourselves!"—Idem.
" How will the supporters of this anti-Christian warfare
endure their scntence-~endure their own reflections—en-
dure the fire that forever burns—the worfS which never dies
—the hosannahs of Heaven—while the smoke of their
torments ascends forever and ever."—Idem.
From the Rev. David Osgood, D. D., pastor
of the church at Medford:
" If, at the command of weak or wicked rulers, they un
dertake an unjust war, each man who volunteers his ser-
vices in such a cause, or loans his money for its support,
or by his conversation, his writings, or any other mode of
influence, encourages its prosecution, that man is an ac-
complice in the wickedness, loads his conscience with the
blackest crimes, brings the guilt of blood upon his soul, and,
in the sight of God and His law, is a murderer."—
Discourse delivered June 27,1812.
" If at the present moment no symptoms of civil war appear,
they certainly will soon, unless the courage of the war parlu
should fail them—Idem.
" A civil war becomes as certain as the events that bap-
pen according to the known laws and established course
of nature!"—Idem.
In reply to this desecration of the pulpit and
prostitution of the sacred functions of a minister
of the Gospel, I will quote an extract from one
of the greatest of modern statesmen and political
philosophers. Though Church and State were
united in England, his penetrating mind saw the
utter demoralization produced by introducing pol-
itics into the pulpit, and he denounced it in the
following noble words:
" Politics and the pulpit are terms that have little agree-
ment. No saaud ought to be heard in the church but the
voice of healing charity." [What a divine idea!] "The
cause of civil liberty and civil government gains as little as
that of religion by the confusion of duties. Those who quit
their proper character to assume what does not belong to
them, are, for the greater part, ignorant both of the charac-
ter they leave, and of the character they assume. Wholly
unacquainted with the world, in which they are so fond of
meddling, and inexperienced in all its affairs, on which
they pronounce with so much confidence, they know
nothing of politics but the passion they excite. Surely the
church is a place where one day's truce ought to be allowed
to the dissensions and animosities of mankind."
These are the words of Edmund Burke.
Sir, I admit that the privateers of Massachu-
setts did noble duty in the war of 1812; but they
roved the seas in spite of the Legislature of Mas-
sachusetts, and upheWh our cause when her con-
stituted authorities were denouncing it. They
were fitted out and manned by men who, in defi-
ance of the opposition of their own State, rallied
to our common flag. All honor to them; but
shame to their rulers, who stigmatized their pat-
riotism ! The Administration towns then were
true to the country. They, I believe, are Demo-
cratic towns" now. I will close this chapter of
the history of Massachusetts with the summary
of a writer of that day:
" To sum up the whole, Massachusetts was energetic,
bold, firm, daring, and decisive, in a contest with the Gen-
eral Government. She would not abate an inch. She dared
it to a conflict. She seized it by the throat, determined to
strangle it! 8he was untamable as a lion, or a tiger, or a
panther; but she was long-suffering, and mild, and patient,
and harmless, and inoffensive, and gentle, and meek, as a
lamb, or a turtle dove, when she came in contact with the
enemy!"—Olive Branch, p. 315.
Mr. Speaker, this portion of my task has been
discharged; well or ill, it has been discharged.
Let it pass.
To turn, sir, from matters of grave import to
a petty anatomy of words, to the maximum in
minimis, to the supremacy in little things, which
so truly commends itself to the* fitter capacities
of the member from the Suffolk district, [Mr.
Bcrlingame,] it would seem that the-phrasing of
my remarks has found, in him, either an Aris-
tarchus or a Zoilus; for I cannot, under the pre-
text of his words, well define the part which he
is pleased to enact. If, however, my language I
has been marked by characteristics which have I
failed to secure his applause, his, on the contrary,
is not without some peculiarities which others
may not entirely approve.
The lizard and the snake which have exercised
the dull facetiousness of the member, even the
"snake with hands"—reptiles of that species,
Mr. Speaker, are not altogether impossible in the
anomalies of natural history; and Massachusetts
may, perhaps, claim the signal honor of supply-
ing such a specimen to American herpetology—
the lizard and the snake, I say, can safely go to
the member's market, and find ns barren ground
for a fair exchange.
Sir, whatever parallels the North may institute
disparaging to the South, I am glad that the
rhetoric of South Carolina suffers little detriment
| by comparison with the rhetoric of Massach usetts
speaking through the member's lips. With the
example before him—not in terrorem, it would
seem—of the " snake with hands," with one of
his own, he "plants school-houses" in the wilder-
ness, like so many Weathersfield onions in arow;
' whilst, under the other, the "plant," like beech-
wood into nutmegs, is converted into " spangles "
—a real pinchbeck of Massachusetts manufacture,
alike creditable to the ingenuity of the race and
; the rhetoric of one of its Representatives upon
this floor.
But, sir, these licenses of speech are not con-
fined to' "planting school-houses," which are
unaccountably turned into " spangles" over the
field of freedom. As the wilderness produces, so
must the concave arch itself bear specimens of
his rhetorical sprouts. The earth is too lowly a
theater for the ambitious reaches; of his speech.
He affects the " heavens" themselves for the very
pretty diversion of " filling" them, with " shining
towers of religion and civilization." "Shining
towers of religion," Mr. Speaker,!: The towers
of Massachusetts religion, topped by the pre-
dominant weathercock, pointing* to-the changes
of her people, veering with each wind of doctrine,
and passing without concern.from dark religious
fanaticism to wild and God-defying blasphemy!
" Shining towers of civilization," Mr. Speaker!
The towers of Massachusetts civilization, which
hypocritically nestles the rank and. sensuous
African to her bosom, thrusting aside thousands
of the children of her loins-, who- can scarcely
draw the support of their existence from an. ever
overtasked industry! Tbe towers of Massachu-
setts civilization,, which, ootsatisfied with its own
sickly results, would, pragmatic and intrusive,
steal into our borders to force upon us its baleful
fruits! Yes, sir, the towers- of Massachusetts
civilization, cruelly organising human muscles
and bones into living machinesrand remorseless-
ly working away the impress of God's image
from men and women of kindred stock and blood,
doomed to wear out the energies of life to keep
up the greed of taskmasters, who, 'Mike the
daughters of the horse-leech/'have never-learned
to say "enough!" Massachusetts civilization,
the mephitic air of whose workslitops eats its
way through the lungs of the victims of avarice;
ana when they die, they die with their last wishes
turned to the free winds of heaven, with their last
words " babbling o' green fields."
In alluding to an act vindicating the dignity of
a State and the hondr of a relative from the asper-
sions of a traducer, the member, Mr. Speaker,
has thought proper to say that my colleague
" stole into the Senate and smote a Senator as
Cain smote his brother." The words are pretty,
no doubt; they sound to me like an idyl of Gess-
ner; but they are also of a malignant import.
The chemistry of malice, Mr. Speaker, is even
more ingenious than the chemistry of science;
and ingenious indeed is that malice of the mem-
ber from the Suffolk district which could so refine
its rancor as to doom my colleague to bear the
burden of kinship with his senatorial friend.
Sir, in the name of my colleague, through regard
for his character, I abjure the brotherhood ! Sir,
every consideration of moral worth, every sug-
gestion of genuine manhood, and, since the word
has been spoken by the member himself, every
demand of true chivalry, forbids that, eitherper-
sonally or vicariously, such a claim can be put
in with the hope " to have that claim allowed."
No, sir, such a bond cannof hold between the
