1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1573
gresshad any jurisdiction. Did I not hear the Senator from
Mas~a''h;fens [Mi. Wilson] say, that it was the intention
oi'lii- piiiu to abolish slavery in the Territories, in the
J)istnet of (ioiuinbia, and everywhere else where they had
power' II they vvnJ abolish it wnerevcr they have the
P'i'.vi.r, tii--y \\ iU get the power whenever they can. The
same - n;i ii wtneh would exercise the power will get the
powei whenever it can.
" I.et any man cast his eye on the map of this immense
domain, extending from the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean,
and he will see a space there, outside of the existing States,
abundantly laige to make States enough to give the gentle-
men what they desire. Whenever you have sixty States
in this Union, three tbinths of them can alter theConsti-
tution, and abolish slavery eveiywhere. You have thirty-
one now; you want only twenty-nine. Where are they to
come from3 Kansas and Nebraska can make six; New
Mexico will make half as many; California may be well
divided into three States; and there is no doubt of the fact,
I enture to say, that within the next forty or fifty years it
will be accomplished—the Indians will be driven out, and
those large territories, extending from the Atlantic to the
Facific, will be divided into States of this Union. Was it
fctrange, then, that the South should be alarmed at tins
stale of things ' T did not hear it; but 1 have understood
that, in 1850, a Senator iieie from one of the free States said
their object was to build a wall around slavery—a wail of
freemen, to render slave property unproductive, and to
force its emancipation.
Mr. Butler. < Cordon' was the word.
" >Ii. Evans. Well, sir, Kansas, although it is but one
State when added will be good against three more. And
was it strange, then, that the South should desire posses-
sion of Kansas merely as a guarantee ; "
There the sentiment is frankly and honestly-
avowed, that the purpose, the wish, of the slave
States in this act, was to obtain Kansas as a
slave State, and to obtain itas aguarantee. Then,
when we look at the history of the legislation of
the country; when we see its natural, its inev-
itable effect, and when this candid avowal is made
on the floor of the Senate, by the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina, let me ask if there
is any want of candor, or of fairness, in saying
that it was the intention and the desire, by that
system of legislation which was inaugurated by
the repeal of the Missouri compromise, to intro-
duce slavery into Kansas ? I confess such has
always struck rne as being the palpable object.
The honorable Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Too.mbs] says to me that ninety-nine out of
every hundred men in the slave States wanted it
as a slave State, and never denied it. I thank
Inm for that admission.
Sir, it is said that we take this course for the
purpose of keeping up excitement at the North,
i tell the honorable Senator from Illinois, I tell
the Senate, and I tell the country, that, so far as
X know anything about it, the great duty of
patriotism at the North is to keep down, instead
of increasing, excitement. The representatives
of the free States on this floor have always been
behind the people. By the way, I may here
mention that the two speeches of the honorable
Senator from Georgia indicate to me that there
is progress even in his mind on this subject. I
remember that about two years ago, when the
first excitement came up in reference to the repeal
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, he said this great
excitement at the North was not real thunder and
lightning, but it was only the beating of tin pans,
and the burning of phosphorus.
Mr. TOOMBS. I say it yet.
Mr. HALE. The Senator does not say it yet;
for the other day, when he undertook to repeat
the same idea somewhat, he said it was not real
thunder and lightning, but it was sheet iron and
phosphorus. Beating sheet iron makes a much
thicker and louder noise than beating tin pans.
[Laughter.] We have thus fastened the convic-
tion in the mind of the honorable Senator from
Georgia, that we have got up from tin pans to
sheet iron. I think he will find, after all, that
there is some real thunder. If he does not find
it, I can tell him who will find it—some of his
northern friends. They will find that there is
real thunder, and that there is lightning more
than phosphorus.
Mr. President, it is admitted, on all sides, that
there is disorder and violence in Kansas, and we
are called upon to apply a remedy. It seems to
tne that the remedy proposed has not been applied
to the right place. Is it denied that there was an
irruption from the State of Missouri which over-
ruled and overrode the fair settlers of the Terri-
tory of Kansas at the polls ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, it has been denied. I
deny every word of it.
Mr. HALE. We have a fair issue then. It
is denied—every word of it is dented. Having
th;it issue joined, tl'c next step would naturally
be to produce the evidence. I have not the evi-
dence before me, but it has been produced, and
it seems to me that it has come to us in a form
on which we might ask a jury to place some cre-
dence, if we could not convince those who argue
on the other side. But I take it that it is very
easy to deny a thing. You know, sir, there have
been men who have denied that there was such a
thing as a material world; who have denied that
we are anything more than ideals; who say there
is no real substantial flesh and blood m this
world; nay, that there is no solid earth on which
we stand; that there are no planets over our
heads; that there are no worlds and great sys-
tems of worlds that revolve through the immensity
of space; that all these are nothing but ideas.
There are men who have avowed this doctrine,
who have affirmed it, who have stood up for it,
and called for the proof on the other side. Now,
for the purpose of the argument which I propose
to submit, 1 will take it for granted that there is
violence; that there is irregularity; that there i3
something which requires a remedy.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not denied.
Mr. HALE. That is not denied. Well, then,
if there is something wrong, if there is something
which requires a remedy, the first inquiry of com-
mon sense it seems to me is, what has created it
—what has caused the wrong—what is the reason
that your institutions there do not operate as they
ought to do? Why is there disorder—why is
there violence—why is there not quiet and peace
there? When you have found that out, then
apply the remedy. Now,if I understand the bill
which was introduced by the honorable Senator
from Georgia, and passed by the Senate, and is
now proposed to be substituted as an amendment
for this bill of the House of Representatives, it
does undertake to do that thing. That bill, by
implication, if it does not admit that there has
been illegal interference with the ballot-box, does
admit that there is great danger of such a state
of things hereafter, and then fore goes on and
prescribes safeguards to prevent it. I know not
how gentlemen come to the conclusion that there
is great danger that there may be violence, unless
by reading the history of what has taken place.
Mr. TOOMBS. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator, it has never been denied that there have
been irregularity and violence in Kansas. His
statement was tiiat there had been an invasion
which overrode the ballot-box of that Territory.
That I deny. That is proven nowhere. It is
based on a reiteration of assertions. The pro-
visions of the bill to which the Senator alludes
are to prevent the occurrence of those disorders
which have been committed on both sides. That
the ballot-box has been overrode in some places
is alleged, but whether it be true or not, it is due
to the country to secure a fair election. This will
give what I want to do—quiet to the honest men
of the whole country, as well as in Kansas—■
against these allegations, not one in a thousand
of which do 1 believe one word of, or does the
country.
Mr. HALE. I cannot say how much the
country believes. I have sometimes been very
much mistaken when I undertook to judge of
what the country believed. I knew they believed
a great many tilings which I thought they ought
notto believe. But I tlnnk they are nowwakingup
from these delusions, and will not believe many
of them much longer. But it is not worth while
for me to repeat what I have said of the Senator's
bill. He knows what I think of it. If it were a
bill introduced without this violence, or without
the measures that have produced the present state
of things, I believe it would be a fair bill.
Now, I propose to say a single word about the
Topeka convention and constitution, which have
been so much assailed. 1 justify the constitution,
and the people in forming it, on this ground, and
it is the same ground on which our fathers placed
all the justification for their movements: that the
Existing state of things had utterly failed to give
them what the Government was bound to give
tliem. The existing state of things, which you
had established there, did not piotect them in
person, property, or in the right of suffrage. It
utterly failed; and when the Government had
utterly failed to protect them in any of their great
interests, they did not fly to the last resort—rev-
olution—but they came together as the people of
other States had done; they came together as the
people of California did—without the consent of
a Territorial Legislature, and without the con-
sent of Congress, but at the mere suggestion of
a brigadier general of your Army, who could give
no more authority to do it than could the Door-
keeper of the House of Representatives. They
came together at his suggestion, without the con-
sent of Congress or any Territorial Legislature,
and formed a constitution; and" you let them in.
So the people of Kansas, finding that your ma-
chinery had utterly failed, came together, not in
rebellion, but in the exercise of the natural rights
which belong to them, to assemble in a free Gov-
ernment, which was not forbidden, and could not
be in afree Government, for the redress of griev-
ances. If, when they came together, thus assem-
bled in this state of things, they thought the
emergencies of their case required that a consti-
tution should be formed, and presented to Con-
gress, asking for admission, it was nothing more
nor less than a form of petition, which they
took in subordination to, and not in apposi-
tion to, the authority of Congress; for why do
they come here submitting their constitution,
and asking to be admitted, if, as is pretended,
they are .in rebellion against your authority?
The very fact that they are here, as suppliants
asking admission, is the best refutation that can
be possibly given to such a charge as that.
No, sir, the movement was not revolutionary;
but it was something short of revolution. They
did not disturb the existing authorities. They
admitted the authority of your Governor; they
not only admitted his right, and the right of the
persons appointed by the United States of Amer-
ica to execute process upon them, but they ten-
dered themselves as assistants to aid it. They did
deny the authority of the Territorial Legislature.
How was your authority carried out? How
was this submission received ? Why, sir, they
were treated, on the part of the authorities, as if
they were rebels, they protesting all the time that
they were not. I am not going to repeat here
what was done in Lawrence. I suppose itisnot
matter of doubt that the hotel was burned; it is
not matter of doubt that the printing presses were
demolished and thrown into the river, and that
that was done, or pretended to be done, by virtue
of an indictment found by a grand jury which
pronounced it a nuisance.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is it.
Mr HALE. "That is it," the Senator says.
Sir, where was it ever known on the face of God's
earth, where they had Anglo-Saxon government,
whether free or despotic, that an indictment for
a nuisance was executed by demolishing the thing
that was pronounced a nuisance, before there
was any judgment found whether it was a nui-
sance or not ? It is admitted that this was done—
that your Federal officer, with that indictment in
his hand, went and did these acts.
Sir, it is difficult to talk of these things with
that coolness and moderation which have been so
much counseled to us by those who, I under-
stand, stand here as the apologists of what has
been done in Kansas—done by the Government
—yes, sir, I repeat it, done by the Government.
Has there been any word of reproof sent out by
the Executive? Has there been anything inti-
mated to the men who have done this, that it is
not exactly the way in which judicial process is
to be served ? Has there been any rebuke admin-
istered to the judicial officers who have taken this
way to execute the laws? Not at all; but these
men are sustained to-day by the President of the
United States. These officers who have thus
outraged the rights of citizens are kept in office.
The same violence that has driven these men out
of Kansas, instead of being rebuked, is counte-
nanced, and it extends itself to the borders, and
keeps free citizens from coming in, and then we
are asked to submit to this bill at this time.
1 will not occupy any more time, sir. I have
said all that I propose to say; but before I sit
down I will renew the motion I made on the other
bill, and that is, in the fifth and sixth lines of the
second section of the substitute of the committee,
to strike out " the 4th of July, 1856," and insert
" the 1st of April, 1857," as the day on which
persons must be residents in order to be counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The questionis on the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire to the
amendment of the Committee on Territories.
