1574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Mr. "WADE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Collamer,
Purkee, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamim,
Seward, Trumbull, and Wade—13. *
NAY'S—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bright,
Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Cass, Clay, Crittenden, Dodge,
Douglas, Fitzpatnck, Geyer, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson,
Jones of Iowa, Mairory, Mason, Pearce, Pugh, Reid, Se-
bastian, Slideil, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs,
Toucey, Weller, and Yulee—32.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If this proposition is to
pass, I desire that it shall be put in such a shape
as will place the parties in the Territory of Kan-
sas, as nearly as we can do so,on anequality. But
I do not think there can be any etjuality between
them while the so-called territorial laws are in
force, and continue to be enforced by the persons
claiming to be officers. I believe it to be abso-
lutely necessary to wipe out those laws and dis-
miss those territorial officers who are riding,
booted and spurred, over the Territory,and under
various pretenses, imprisoning, and plundering,
and robbing its inhabitants, before anything like
a fair election can be had.
"With these views, I now offer the amendment
which I offered the other day, to abolish those
laws and dismiss those officers. The amendment
is to add as an additional section:
Jind be it further enacted, That all the acts and proceed-
ings of any body of men heretofore assembled in the Terri-
tory of Kansas, and claiming to be a Legislative A ssrembly
thereof, with power and authority to pas**law  for the gov-
ernment of said Territory, are heieby deelaicd to be uttmly
null and void; and no person shall exercise any power or
jurisdiction, or hold any office under, or by virtue ot author-
ity derived from such Legislative Assembly ; noi shall the
members thereof have or exercise any authority as such.
On this amendment I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays32. as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Collamer, Dur-
kee, Fessenden, Fish, Foot,Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Seward,
Trumbull, and Wade—12.
NAYS— Messrs.. Adams, "Bayard, Benjamin, Bigg*, Bright,
Brodbead, Brown, Butler, Cass, Clay, Crittenden, Dodge,
Douglas, Fitzpatnck, Geyer, ilunter, Iverson, Johnson,
Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, fugh, Reid, Sebas-
tian, Shdell, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs,
Toucey, Weller, and Yulee—32.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 offer the following
amendment as an additional section, on which I
ask for the yeas and nays:
Jlndbeit juithcr enacted, That in*tll that territory ceded
by France to the United States under the name of Louisi-
ana, which lies north of 36° 30', north latitude, and not
included within the State of Mi.-soun, slavery and invol-
untary servitude otherwise than in ptimshmeni tor crimes
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall be
and is hereby lorever prohibited: Provided a2.fai/.s,Tnat any
per.-on escaping into the same, from whom labor or sei vice
is lawfully claimed in any State or Territory of the United
States, such fugitive may be lawfully ledaimed arid con-
veyed to the person claiming his or her labor or service as
aforesaid.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Collamer,
Dodge, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin,
Seward, Trumbull, and Wade—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs,
Bright, Brodhead, Butler, Cass, Clay, Cuttendcn, Douglas,
Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Ilunter, I verson, Johnson, Jones of
Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Pugh, Iteid, Sebastian,
Slideil, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Toucey,
Weller, and Yulee—30.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. PUGH. It was suggested by the Senator
from Vermont, and reiterated by the Senator from
New Hampshire, that tiiere was no provision in
the amendment reported by the committee to
protect the persons who have been driven, as they
say, out of the Territory by violence, after their
return. I think it is sufficiently covered; but I
invite those Senators, or any of their colleagues,
to propose any amendment which will more
effectually protect persons and property in the
Territory, and especially the persons who have
been driven out; and, for one, l shall vote for it,
as I have no doubt a majority of those who sup-
port the bill of the committee will do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I just offered a proposi-
tion which I thought would accomplish that by
getting rid of the usurpers in the Territory who
were and are oppressing these people; but it met
with no favor.
Mr. PUGH. If that is all the remedy the Sen-
ator has to propose, I shall not vote for that.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on I
the substitute reported by the Committee on Ter- !
ritories, it was agreed to—yeas 32, nays 13; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee, Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Bright, Brodbead, Brown, Butler, Cass, Clay,
Crittenden, Douglas, Fitzpatnck, Geyer, Hunter. Iverson,
Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Pugli,
Reid, Sebastian, Slideil. Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Toombs, Toucey, Weller, and Yulee—32.
NAYS — Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Collamer,
Dodge, Durkee, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Hale, Ham-
lin, Seward, Trumbull, and Wade—13.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in, and ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The
bill, as amended, was read the third time, and
Mr. Seward called for the yeas and nays on its
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee, Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, C:u#s, Clay, Ciit-
tendon, Douglas, Fitzpatnck, Geyer, Hunter, Iverson,
Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Pearce, Pugh, Reid, Se-
bastian, Slideil, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Toouibs,
Toucey, Weller, and Yulee—30.
NAYS —Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Collamer,
Dodge, Durkee, Fessenden. Fi<h, Foot, Foster, Hale,
Hamlin, Seward, Trumbull, and Wade—13.
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the title of the
bill was amended so us to read, 44 An act to au-
thorize the people of the Territory of Kansas to
form a constitution and State government, and
to come into the Union on an equal footing with
the original States."
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had approved and signed
the a< t to authorize the issue of a register to the
bark Tropic Bird.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 9, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Bean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE VETOED RIVER IMPROVEMENT BILLS.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Cullom, their
Cleik.
Mi. PRksiuK.N r: I am instructed by the House of Rep-
re«*'(itfiHve< to inform the Semite that the House of
Representatives, having proceeded to the reconsideration
o( the bill entitled <*An act making an appropriation for
deepening the channel of the St. Clair flats, 111 the State of
Michigan
Also, the bill entitled "An act to remove obstructions to
navigation at the mouth of the Mississippi river, at the
Southwest Pass, and Pass & 1'Outre
Also, the bill entitled "An act making appropriation for
deepening the channel over the flats of the St'. Mary's river,
m the State of Michigan;" have
Resolved, That the several bills do pass, two thirds of
the House of Representatives having agreed to pass the
same.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will offer a resolution
to direct the Secretary of the Senate to present to
the Secretary of State the act entitled "An act to
remove obstructions to navigation at the mouth
of the Mississippi river, at the Southwest Pass
and Pass a 1'Outre, together with the certificates
of the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of
the House of Representatives, showing that the
act was passed by a vote of two thirds of both
Houses of Congress after the objections of the
President thereto had been received, and after
the reconsideration of the said act by both
Houses of Congress, in accordance with the
Constitution. *
Mr. WELLER. Let me ask the Senatorfrom
Louisiana whether this is in accordance with the
course pursued on former occasions ? I believe
that there has been but one case of this sort in
which a bill has been parsed over a veto,
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is precisely in ac-
cordance with the course pursued on the revenue
u cutter bill, which was passed against the veto of
H the President, in the time of Mr. Tyler.
Mr. WELLER. That is the only instance, f
believe, on record of this kind.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is the only procedpnt
which I have found, and this is in accordance
with that.
Mr. STUART. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor, that it would be just as well to cover all the
bills in the resolution.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I thought of that, but I
intended to offer the same resolution in regard to
e&ch of the other bills separately.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection; but I
think it would be proper to cover all the bills in
one resolution.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I propose to offer a like
resolution for each of the other bills, but I sup-
pose it is not necessary to read them over again.
With the permission of the Senate, I will say
a single word in relation to a question which was
put to me the other day by the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Butler.] I have examined
the constitutional question so far as precedent is
concerned, and I find that in the very first session
of the very first Congress, composed, in great
part, of members who were members of the
convention that formed the Constitution, eleven
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States passed both Houses of Congress; and in
both Houses the vote by which they were passed
was two thirds of the members present, and not
two thirds of the whole body. 1 have the Journals
before me of the House of Representative and the
Senate, Mr. Madison beingamember of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator adduces
this precedent after the vote of the Senate was
taken. I saw them after the vote of the Senate
was taken, and they were furnished, 1 believe, by
our Secretary. 1 thought at that time, and yet
think, it would be safer in the practice of the
Senate to give time to those who doubted to look
into the precedents. I had no opportunity of
doing it whatever, or of considering the question
which was sprung up here on the morning it was
adjudicated. Honorable Senators who relied
more on their judgment than I did, I have no
doubt, voted as to them seemed right. I did en-
tertain very grave doubts, but I did not know the
precedents, nor I presume did the honorable Sen-
ator who now presents them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Do I understand the hon-
orable Senator now to say that he is satisfied that
two thirds of a quorum of the Senate is sufficient?
Mr. MASON. I am satisfied that such are the
precedents.
Mr. BUTLER. I said, in my remarks to the
honorable Senator from Louisiana on the occa-
sion referred to, that I had very grave doubts so
far as regards the matter before the Senate
whether he was not right; but where there are
doubts, and when I found the disposition of the
Senate, under the force of numbers, was to force
me to a conclusion that evening, instead of giving
me until the next morning, I resolved to solve my
doubt on the side of safety. I have no doubt
that the precedents are right, but I preferied to
have more time on the subject, and they would
not give it to me.
Mr. TOUCEY. I expressed very grave doubts
with regard to the point, as the question arose very
suddenly, and desired that it might lie over until
the next morning. When the vote was taken,
my doubts were so great that I did not vote, but
on reflection I became satisfied that the decision
of the Chair was right, and I think so now.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed to
present to the Secretary of State the act entitled " An net
to remove obstructions to navigation at the mouth of the
Mississippi river, at the Southwest Pass and Pas5- &POutre,"
together with the certificates of the Secretary ot the Senate
and Clerk of the House of Representatives, showing that
the said act was passed by a vote of two thuds of both
Houses of Congress, after the objections of the President
thereto had been received, and after the reconsideration of
said act by both Houses of Congress, in accordance with
the Constitution.
Mr. TOOMBS. As it would seem that this
resolution is to be passed sub silentio, I desire to
say that I attach but little importance to prece-
dent. There is one precedent here. You will find
precedents on this bill, on the main question^of
power, on every side of the question, from 1791
until now. They are worth no more than the
precedents of justices of the peace. Precedents
