838
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 16,
3lTH CONG....1ST SE'33.
Defense of South Carolina—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. of Reps.
Kvo. Oil one side, the nobler spirit rmkes it
alihorrtiK to bare thought; on the other, the
groveling instincts mark it for impossibility;
Data fata secitius—each one to his allotment of
existence. There are pathways on which, slaving
the ordinance of Heaven, men of high tone love
to companion through life-, but there are sewers
also fitly teeming with the feculence of filth for
things of an opposite character. On the former
my colleague will pursue his course, far, unap-
proachably far, from the latter, in which the baser
natures may wallow in sordid delight.
But, sir, the feats of the member are not con-
fined to such literary jucundities as " planting
spangles" in the shape of school-houses, or
quaintly filling up the waste places of the heav-
ens with "shining towers. In paying what
he seemed to intend a tribute to the peculiar beau-
. ties of a certain speech delivered in another
place, had he, instead of professing admiration
for the author, proclaimed himself his enemy, I
would have thought, Mr. Speaker, that he was
indulging a spirit of malice in respect of one
whom he lovingly calls his friend and his guide.
There is a species of Mephistophelian waggery
—fun made lurid by fiendishness, which Gdethe
himself would not disclaim—in condemning such
a friend—in subjecting such a guide to stand in
an attitude of torture, " launching " a speech
through the distending mouth.
Yes, sir, the rhetoric of the member, Milesian or
otherwise , launches a 8 peeeh ship—a severe speech
ship at tyranny—through the lips of his friend,
tod keeps him convulsively straining and heaving
under the launch for " the greater portion of two
days." Ttfiodays! " insatiate joker, could not
one suffice ?"
Mr. Speaker, the function which society in its
visitations upon guilt assigns to the executioner
is, that he snail launch the criminal into eternity.
The member from Massachusetts, sir, has proved
to be no mean volunteer executioner in this
instance, and he has " launched " .the felon Ship of
his friend. Where, Mr. Speaker? Why, into
that much abused " Dead sea" which I had kindly
prepared for him, and which he has unfitly ac-
knowledged. Launched it, sir, where it hae
punk, so that
 " Alto
Demertus, nan rurtum turnout bullit in uada."
Sunk beyond the redemption of the plummet
line, and borne down to the lowest depths by its
frauglitage of obscenity, of slander, and of in-
famy.
But something too much of this, perchance,
Mr. Speaker. Wot unmindful of the precept
which tequires that trifles be given to the winds,
I have abstained from committing the literary
eccentricities of the member to theirkeeping, from
the fact that, as he is the direct Representative of
the spot which claims to be the very academy
of the Union, he might be regarded as entitled to
some more special notice than the " rascal cursi-
tors of the camp" running at his heels. With
every deference, however, Mr. Speaker, I would
warn him, could I waste so much time upon him, ;
when next he comes to dissect the diction of others
upon this floor, so to frame his own language
that the character and repute of the learned body j
which he claims as constituents shall not suffer j
at his hands. That language, sir, may have met
the standard of some of his inclining, and soli-
eked the peculiar laughter which abounds in the
mouths of those who are other than wise; but I
apprehend, sir, that the academic Senate of Cam-
bridge Will not fojget their dignity, and indorse
the autics of their Representative in this House.
A word or two more upon the speech of the
member from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bvrlingame,1
and l have done.
The member has debauched history. He has
made her, with a wanton tongue, babble dispar-
agement of a sovereignty, which, on the score of
devotion or soldiery, of patriotism or statesman-
ship—in everything which marks States for mag-
nanimity, greatness, or renown—may well chal-
lenge Massachusetts, with the assurance that the
assay will leave no blur on its escutcheon or
work no abatement of its fame. Why, sir, even
the unfortunate rout of Bladensburg could not
.escape the zeal with which he disparages matters
connected with the South. Ho has gone, like
the jackall, to the few humble—it may be unhon-
orea—graves which dot its fields. He has use-
lessly—but no, sir, I am wrong—for the reward
of an empty laugh, he has arraigned the memory
of their tenants before his tribunal. He did this,
too, after his declaration, concealed under a point-
less jeer, and leveled against the Chief Magis-
trate of the Union, that, but for his Know Noth-
ingism he might apply" the old Latin words,"
dt mortuis nil nisi bonum—speak nothing but
good of the dead—to one who, from " his pride
of place, " so justly and so nobly held, is right-
fully entitled to pour down a manly scorn upon
the poor, pitiful traducers of a well-earned fame.
1 say, Mr. Speaker, that the member has told
you that,jvere he not so good a Know Nothing,
he would quote good old Latin words. Sir, I think
that, in claiming the distinction of a Know Noth-
ing, the member flatters himself. To be a " Know
Nothing" is to be something; but to come and
flout us with a quotation, mutilated by some semi-
Know Nothing like himself, is to lay claim to but
one half of the title—it is to be but the unenvia-
ble fraction of nothing. When next he wanders
from the awful shades of the university—the mem-
ber represents Cambridge—to give us the glorious
maxims of olden times, let him not mutilate them.
Let him give them to us in their full and solemn
import; let him tell us—"de mortuis nil, nisi bonum
atque verum"—nothing of the dead but what is
good and true. When next he is moved to speak
upon this floor,- let him speak to us of both good-
ness and truth. God knows, Mr. Speaker, that it
is not my province to poin t out to the member what
he should do; but I iiope that, in asking him to
speak in both goodness and truth, I am not asking
too much; that I am not imposing upon him a
luxury which his scanty means will not afford.
M.r. Speaker, it is recorded in a treatise on
physiology, as an evidence of the power of the im-
agination, that a poor waiter-carrier once dreamed
that the King had conferred upon him a patent
of nobility, and that he arose in the morning a
lunatic, weeping over the stern necessity of di-
' vorcing from the instincts of his nature and the
I habits of his life. Now, Mr. Speaker, if the
; words of the holy seer have come to pass; if we
; have fallen upon the days when the women of
| Massachusetts prophecy, when the men of Mas-
j sachusetts " see visions and dream dreams;" if
the member from the Suffolk district has dreamed
that he can speak what is both good and true of
the living or of the dead, I trust, sir, that in his
! waking hours ho finds the reality no violence of-
fered to his nature, or no burden too heavy tor be
borne.
Now, sir, I have to perform the last act in this
legislative ceremony. A majority in this House
has passed a resolution ofcensure upon me. For
What? Because I did not turn public infprmer.
Informer against whom? Against my then col-
league, [Mr. Brooks]—against my friend, rtiy
bosom friend, and, as the Black Republican jour-
nals have charged complicity on my part and a
conspiracy, I will say, informer against my State.
What, sir ! turn public informer against my col-
league, against my friend, against my State ! Sir,
those who wish to be galvanized into walking
satires upon honor and decency and fidelity may
turn informers; I^iever shall. And turn informer
in favor of whom ? A man who has slandered
my State and one of her most distinguished and
trusted sons, [Judge Butler.] '
Sir, I knew that my colleague intended to ;
punish the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner,] unless he apologized. 1 knew he would
punish him; for he told me so, and he always
performs what he attempts. I did not know,
however, when or where the punishment would
be inflicted; and I did not anticipate its infliction
in the Senate Chamber. Had I anticipated that
act of justice there, I should have been still nearer
the scene of action than I was. - j
Sir, the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] had slandered South Carolina, and one
of her distinguished Senators, [Mr. Butler.]
Sir, he had slandered a man dear to my State,
[Mr. Butler;] a man whose name is interwoven
with her history; a man in whose veins flows
only patriotic blood, and whose family escutcheon L
is bound with laurels won on many a field. Sir
when this man was slandered—this man distin-
guished by dignity and usefulness, by service
and reputation—this man crowned with all the
honors of a well-spent life—when he was slan-
dered in his absence, is it strange that the blood
of a kinsman should run so swiftly, and boil up
with indignation against the slanderer? Sir, had
i my colleague acted otherwise than he did, he
would have deserved contempt.
There are wrongs, sir, for the redress of which
no appeal can be made to a human tribunal.
Wounded honor can never be redressed by an
attorney; nor can a manly pride be weighed in
legal scales. My colleague redressed a wrong to
his blood and his State, and he did it in a fair and
manly way.
Sir, in the feudal code of chivalry—the only
code of chivalry the wit of man has ever con-
structed—the churl was never touched with the
knightly sword; his person was mulcted by the
quarter-staff.
Sir, what a spectacle has this House presented
to the world ! The adherents of Mr. Sumner
say: " We hold a man's person sacred, but his
i reputation out.of the pale of protection." We,
i on the other hand, say that character is sacred,
and without it, a man s person is not worth pro-
tecting. Sir, let us go to the country on this
issue: Sanctity of character on the one side, and
impunity to slander on the other.
I ask, again, sir, did this House expect me to
| turn informer? Informer, sir, against my col-
; league and intimate friend!—and that, too, ii 
favor of a slanderer. Sir, of all characters, save
that of the informer, the slanderer is most despi-
j cable. Even aft'er he shall have breathed the su-
preme breath of his hideous life—for cold-blooded
and measured slander is moral hideousneps— 
even from the worms' fitly battening on his dis-
graced remains, even after the flesh that wraps
him shall have dissolved away and mingled with
; the tainted earth—even then will history select
j his name from among the dishonored names of
; earth, and condemn it in stereotyped infamy, to
live amongst her most withering records. Sir,
whoever wishes to be pilloried in dishonor may
turn informer—never will 1. If the Constitution
only protects the slanderer it is worthless. If it?
aegis is only thrown around a man's body of
flesh, while his character, which is immortal, is
left to be blurred and stained and sullied by
obscenity and slander, then the lightning of an
indignant people should blast and consume it.
Sir, never will I submit to slander, nor will I be-
tray confidence.
For the individual opinions of those who have
passed the resolution of censure, I care nothing.
For their official opinion, formally Recorded, I
have a proper sensitiveness. From this recorded
act of a majority here, almost entirely Black Re-
publican and Abolition, 1 shall appeal to my con-
stituents. I shall appeal to those who hold char-
acter sacred, and among whom honor is main-
tained. I shall appeal to a constituency to whom
are given our revolutionary records, as the primer
of learning is given to infancy, to turnover its
leaves, like those of an illustrated volume; for
. those who have mastered the hornbook of fame
and the alphabet of patriotism may decide upon
| the character of an act.
| I have only now to add that I have placed my
resignation in the hands of my colleague, [Gov-
ernor Aiken,] to take effect when I make the
I announcement upon this floor, and that he has
already transmitted it to the Governor of the State
of South Carolina. I wish only to say, in justice
to the chairman [Mr. Campbell] of the special
committee, that 1 have no complaint to make
1 against his conduct in this matter.
I now declare, sir, that I am no longer a mem-
ber of the Thirty-Fourth Congress of the United
States.
Note.—The following return made by Baron
Steuben, of recruits furnished by the State of
Massachusetts during the w&r of the Revolution
and rejected by him, shows the character of a
portion of her warriors, compared with which
•Falstaff's famous company grows dim and pale
i on the roll of fame.
