1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1575
cannot settle the Constitution. The opinions
of a long train of able men, when the subject has
been considered, might be held and argued to
carry weight with them; but neither courts of jus-
tice, nor legislative assemblies, nor both Houses
of Congress, regard them as anything more than
evidence of what men of ability thought. As for
their governing this question, you can find in our
legislative precedents every possible power that
was ever exercised on the face of the earth; and,
as I remarked before, I would not give as much
for a precedent passed by the Senate as I would
for the decision of the justice of a court in this
District, where the question was argued; nor is
it worth as much.
Mr. WELLER. 1 believe the precedent re-
ferred to by the honorable Senator from Louis-
iana occurred in the first Congress under the
Constitution. A large number of the members
who then passed on the question framed the
Constitution; and I suppose the Senator from
Louisiana thinks that those who framed the Con-
stitution, as they were men of intelligence, could
give a proper construction to it, and give a con-
struction that would be in conformity with the
Constitution, as well as the present Senate; but
the Senator from Georgia is not disposed to pay
any attention to these precedents. I think they
are entitled to great respect, because they were
established by those who framed the Constitution
itself, and I thmk they were better judges of its
true meaning than cither the Senator from Geor-
gia or myself.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has the resolution of the
Senator from Louisiana been acted upon?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been
agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then, unless the Senate
desires to have the same resolution adopted in
regard to the other bills, I ask leave to offer one
now.
Mr. STUART. The other bills were disposed
of by similar resolutions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first res-
olution was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I then offered a similar
resolution in regard to each of the other bills. I
tlunk it is not necessary to take a separate vote
on them, though I desire that they should be
entered separately on the Journal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be on making the same order in each of the
other cases.
Mr. TOUCEY. I wish to ask the Senator
from Louisiana of what use is a resolution of
that kind? Is not the Secretary of State bound
to notice the laws which are passed here without
a resolution being sent to him ? The law has been
passed in the requisite form, and in every case
of that kind should a resolution be sen), to the
Secretary of State > It strikes me, although there
is a precedent for it, it is entirely nugatory, and
indeed the contrary practice, 1 think, would be
preferable. I think the officers of this Govern-
ment, who have charge of the publication of the
laws, must take notice of what laws are passed.
The signature of the Speaker of the House of
Representatives, and of the President of the
Senate, with the fact that it is passed by the
requisite constitutional majority, is sufficient
without sending a notice in every case to the Sec-
retary of State.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The object is not to in-
form the Secretary of State that this law was
passed. The ordinary form through which laws
pass is by the approval of the President after
laws have passed both branches of Congress,
and the President then places the original law in
the Department of State, to be there preserved. ;
The President having declined to approve this
act, we cannot now, with proper courtesy to
him, ask him to send the act to the Department of
State, and therefore we direct our own Secretary
to send it to the Department of State, instead of
to the Executive hands, with the certificate of the
Secretary and Clerk of each body, which takes
the place of the President's approval. The law
must be deposited, according to the well-estab-
lished usage of the Government, and according
to the law, I believe, in the Department of State.
Somebody must take it there. This is a mere
direction to our own Secretary to take it there
with the proper certificates.
Mr. TOUCEY. I thinlcitwould be altogether
better to have a general order, or even no order at
all, but to have it understood that it is the duty
of the Secretary of the Senate to deposit such
acts there in all cases. I would adopt a resolu-
tion for that purpose without going though this
form in every case; but still I am not tenacious
in regard to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have a word to say in reply
to the Senator from California in reference to the
authority of those who made the Constitution,
and to show to him and the country how little
respect he has for them in every bill he has voted
for. He quotes on me Mr. Madison. Well, sir,
Mr. Madison, in one of the most solemn acts of
his life, in a veto to both branches of Congress,
declared that Congress had not the power to pass
this very act. What did the Senator care, or the
Senate either, when that precedent came in the
way of what they desired to do? The honorable
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] made a long
argument on this subject, and quoted Mr. Madi-
son's being a member of that Congress which
made some appropriations for buoys, and insists
that they were within the principle Mr, Madison
said they were not. When Mr. Madison ex-
pounded ithimself, he said they were not. These
improvements may be constitutional or uncon-
stitutional; but so far as the precedent of Mr.
Madison is concerned, it is the other way. Not
only Mr. Madison, but Mr. Jefferson, and nearly
all the fathers of the Republic, have denied the
power exercised in this case. These gentlemen
tell me they attach very great importance to the
precedents of the first Congress. I take it that
when the precedents cult them they are very
good; when they do not suit them—when they
arrest the expenditure of public money—when
they stand in the way of any local object which
they want, the precedents are passed over or rode
over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Louisiana
to make the same order in the case of these two
bills as ill the case of the other.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, announcing that he approved
and signed, on the 3d instant, the following acts
and joint resolution:
An act authorizing a settlement of the accounts
of Charles P. Rabcock, late Indian agent at De-
troit, in the State of Michigan;
An act granting to certain citizens of the State
of Missouri the "right to enter certain lands in
the Plattsburg district, in said State;
An act to change the times of holding the
United States courts in Tennessee; and
A joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Interior to settle the accounts of Oliver M.
Wozencraft; and on the 8th instant the following
acts:
An act toestahlish two additional land districts
in the Territory of Minnesota;
An act to explain the act approved 12th April,
1854, entitled "An act to establish additional land
districts in the Territory of Minnesota;" and
An act to authorize the President of the United
States to cause the southern boundary line of
Kansas Territory to be surveyed and marked.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGGS presented the petition of James
Taylor, in behalf of the Cherokee Indians of
North Carolina who have not removed west,
praying to be allowed the same commutation for
removal and subsistence as was allowed to other
Cherokees in North Carolina; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER presented a petition of citizens
of Washington, District of Columbia, praying
that an act of incorporation may be passed for the
guardians of the poor in that city, to enable them
to establish therein a house of refuge; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, of New J ersey,
it was
Ordered, That the petition of Paraelia Preswick and the
other hears of William We.^tnti, on the files of the foenate,
be referred to the Committee on Claims.
PRINTING THE KANSAS BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing to report back, favorably,
a resolution offered by the Senator from Mich-
igan, which was referred to them, for the printing
of twenty thousand additional copies of the
Kansas bill; and also to report adversely as to
the printing of the amendments to that bill, as
they were offered in the Senate. It has been
usual, as the Senate are aware, to print extra
numbers of the acts of the Senate, but it has not
been usual to print what are the mere acts of
particular members, or the amendments offered
to any bill. Governed by that precedent, the
committee direct me to report favorably to the
printing of extra numbers of the bill, and ad-
versely to the printing of the amendments, and
the lists of the yeas and nays called upon them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The original
resolution will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Ordered, That twenty thousand additional copies of the
bill relating to Kansas be pnnted; and that there be printed
the same number of the amendments proposed to the bill,
and disagreed to by the Senate, with tlie yeas and nays on
each amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. We report favorably as to
the printing of the bill, and adversely to printing
the amendments and the votes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion will be on ordering twenty thousand addi-
tional copies of the Kansas bill to be printed.
Mr. PUGH. I would suggest to the commit-
tee that the resolution be so amended as to state
that the bill shall be printed in pamphlet form.
Mr. JOHNSON. We intend it to be in pam-
phlet form.
A debate ensued, in which many Senators par-
ticipated. It embraced all the Kansas issues, and
others that will enter into the presidential can-
vass. ([See the Appendix for the debate.)
At nine o'clock the report of the committee
was agreed to; and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 9, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be the consideration of House bill No.
187.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Mr. Sneaker 
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) Iaskforthe
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated the
regular order of business to be the consideration
of House bill No. 187.
HOUR OF MEETING AND ADJOURNMENT OF
CONGRESS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to submit a resolution
providing that the House shall meet till the close
of the session at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I trust the objection will
be withdrawn, as it is very important that we
should meet earlier.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio the propriety of first fixing
the day of adjournment.
Mr. HOUSTON. And then we will agree to
meet at any hour the gentleman may desire.
Mr. JONES. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up that resolution of the Senate.
Objection was made.
Mr. JONES. I ask for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated the
regular order of business.
THE SUMNER ASSAULT EXTRA COPIES OF
REPORT.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred to inquire into the
expediency of printing extra copies of the report
of the committee to investigate the assault on
Charles Sumner, a Senator of the United States,
by a member of the House of Representatives,
reported the following resolution: (
Rrtohed, That one hundred thousand copies of the ma-
jonty and minority reports of said comnuttss be pnnted for
