1576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
the use of the members of the House of Representatives,
and that the cost p«r copy will lie nine cents.
Mr. CRAGIN moved the previous question.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. McMULLIN. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask the gentleman
who reported that resolution, if he is willing be-
fore the vote be taken to allow me to offer an
amendment. I am in favor of having extra copies
of the report printed, but I think the number in
that resolution entirely too large. If the gentle-
jnan will allow me to offer an amendment, so that
it may be pending, I will renew his motion for
the previous question. I have no objection to
having extra copies of the report printed, but 1
think that that number is beyond what is usually
printed of public documents, and ought to be re-
duced.
Mr. CRAGIN. If the gentleman will renew
the call for the previous question, I will withdraw
■it.
Mr. COBB. I will renew the previous ques-
tion at the instance of the gentleman from New
•Hampshire. I now move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out the words, " one hundred,"
and inserting "the word " ten," so as to make the
number ten thousand.
The SPEAKER. The question must be first
taken on ""the motion to lay on the table, unless
the gentleman from Mississippi withdraw his
motion.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw it.
Mr. COBB. I now move the amendment; and
according to my promise to the gentleman from
New Hampshire, I renew the motion for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SNEED. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table. The public mind is already
sufficiently excited on that subject.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to lay. the whole subject on the table.
The question recurred on seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr'. SHORTER called for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. It is not usual to (iconic that
question by yeas and nays.
The previous question was seconded, and tlio
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the amendment of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Cobb.]
Mr. FLAGLER. Is not the question first to
be taken upon the largest number?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The question is
first upon the amendment to the resolution.
Mr. WAKEMAN. But if the amendment is
voted down, the question will then recur on the
adoption of the original resolution, will it not'
'Ihe SPEAKER. The question will be first
upon the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Georgia; and if that be voted down, it will
then recur on the adoption of the original resolu-
tion as reported by the committee.
Mr. COBB demanded the yeas and nays upon
the adoption of the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish to know whether
the price named in the resolution will cover the
printing of the testimony?
Mr. COBB. I understand that it is proposed
to print precisely what was laid on the table—
the majority and minority reports, with the tes-
timony.
_Mr. NICHOLS. I will explain, if the House
will allow me.
The SPEAKER. The previous question having
been ordered, debate is only in order by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. NICHOLS. I will not say a word if any
member objects.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. SNEED. Is it in order to move to lay the
resolution on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this
time, the House having just decided that ques-
tion.
Mr. SNEED. But the state'of the question
has been changed since that vote has been taken.
The previous question has been ordered on the
fe61ution.
The SPEAKER. Not changed sufficiently to
allow the repetition of the motion.
The question was taken; and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 98, nays 89; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Branch, Broom, Cadwalader,
John P. Campbell, Carlile, Oaruthers, Caskie, Ohngman,
Howell Cobb,Williamson R.W.Cobb,Cox,Craige,Crawford,
Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Day, Denvei,Dowdell, Dunn,
Edmuntf&on, Edwards, Elliott, English, Ethcridge, Evan:?,
Faulkner, Foster, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J.
Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Haven, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly,
Kennett, Kidwell, Knight, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lindley,
Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Orr,
Packer, Peck, Porter, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Iteady,
Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Scott, Seward,
Shorter, William Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Swope, Talbou, Taylor, Tiippe, Tyson,
Vail, Valk, Warner, Watkins, Wheeler, Whitney, Wil-
liams, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and
Zolheoffer—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, RiJlmfrhiust, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Rrad-
shaw, Brenton, Buffinton, James H. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins,
Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Dean, Dc Witt, Dickson, Dodd,
Durfee, Edie, Emrie, Flagler, Gallowav, Giddmgs, Gil-
bert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hickman,
Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton,
Hughfeton, ICelsey, King, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox. Matte-
son, McCarty, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Mori ill, Murray,
Norton, Andrew Ohvei, Parker, I'eiton, Perry, Pertit, Pike,
Pringlo, Purviancc, Ritchie, Robbing, Itobeits, Robison,
Salmi, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton,
Sttanahan, Tappan, Thurston, Todd, Trafton. Wade,
Wakoman, WaJdron, CadwaladerO. Wdshbuine, Elhhu B,
Washhmne, fsiael Washburn, Welch, Wells, Wood,
Woodruff, and Woodworth—89.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roil,
Mr. WATSON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Walker; otherwise, he should have
voted against the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. OR.R moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was adopted; and also
moved thai the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
Mr. KNIGHT demanded the yeas and nays
on the latter motion.
Mr. ORR then withdrew the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. SNEED moved to lay the resolution, as
njik'jided, on the table, and demanded the yeas
ami nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays wore not ordered.
The question was taken; and Mr. Sneed's
motion was not agreed to.
The question now being on the adoption of the
resolution as amended,
Mr. SNEED demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. K.E1TT. 1 hope the gentleman will with-
draw the demand for the yeas and nays, and
allow the resolution as amended to be adopted.
Mr. SNEED. No, sir. I want my vote to be
recorded against the resolution in any shape.
The question was taken; and decided in the
affirmative—yeas ]29, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Alluight, Allen, AllKon, Ball, Baibour,
Bell, Benson, Biliuighuist, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Brad-
shaw, Bicnton, Broom, Bullu'iton, James H. Campbell,
Lewi.-1). Campbell, Caihle,Chalice, E/,ia Ciaik, dawson,
Howdl Cobb, Colfax. Comms, Covode, Cragin, Cullen,
Cumback, Daimell, Day, Doan, Denvei, Be Witt, Dick,
Diek.ion, Dodd, Dunn, Durl'ee, Edie, Edwaids, Emue,
Ene;h«h, Ethendgo, Evans,, Flagler, Fioience, Galloway,
Giddmgs, Gilbeit, Gianger, Grow, Robeit B. Hall, Harmon,
Haven, Hickman, Holloway,Thomas R. ilorton, Iluchston,
Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Kno.\, Kuukel,
Lencr, Humphiey Marshall, Matron,McCarty, Meaeham,
Kilhan Millei, Miihvard, Moore, Moigan, Morrill, Mott,
Murray, Nichols Norton, Packer, Paikci, Peek, Pelton,
Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pik<*. Pnngle, Purvianee, Kioaud,
Ritchie, Robbnv, Roberts, Robison, Sabm, Sage, Sapp,
Scott, Sewaid, Sherman, Simmons, William Smith, Wil
ham U. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens., Stewart, Stian-
ahan, Tappan, Thurston, Todd, Ttm'ton, Tyson', Vail,
Valk, Wade, VVakem.tn, Walbi idge, Waldion, Cadwalader
(\ Wasliburno, Elhhu B. Washbume, Isiacl Washburn,
Welch, Wells, Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, and
Woodwoith—129.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Henry Bennett,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Burnett, Cadwalader,
John P. Campbell, Cauitheis, Caskie, Cluigman, William-
son R. W. Cobb, Cov, Craige, Crawford, Henry Winter
Davis, Dowdell, Elliott, Eustis, Faulkner, Goode, Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, J. Moirison Harris, Sampson W.
Hams, Thomas L. Hams, Houston, Jewett, Geoige VV.
Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell. Lake, Letcher,
Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S.
Maishall, Maxwell, MeMulhn. McQueen, Smith Miller,
Millson, Oir, Porter, Powell, Puiyear. Quitman, Ready,
Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Shoiter, Sneed, Swope,
Talbott, Taylor,Tnppe, Warner, Watkins, Wheelei. Wms-
lovv, Daniel B, Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolheoffer 
68.
So the resolution as amended was adopted,
FRAUDS UPON THE TREASURY.
Mr. BALL. T have been endeavoring, for jj
some two or three days, to get the floor, for the
purpose of presenting a proposition before the
House—a proposition to inquire into frauds com-
mitted upon the Treasury. I hold in my hand a
resolution upon the subject, which I ask may be
read for information, stating that I have in my
possession depositions to substantiate all the
charges made. Only one affidavit is incorporated
in the preamble of the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. State what is the character
of the resolution.
Mr. BALL. I propose to offer this resolution
with the consent of the House, but not to make
a speech upon the subject at this time. Inform-
ation has been placed in my possession charging
that certain frauds have been committed by offi-
cers connected with the Treasury Department,
as well as other Departments of the Government.
Some of this information is in the form of affi-
davits, one of which is incorporated in the pre-
amble of the resolution. I ask that the resolution
may be read for information.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas, m an affidavit made in January, 1854, by Cor-
nelius Wendell, who now holds the position of printer to
this body, and which affidavit lead* as follows, to wit:
Alanson Sweet, of M.Kvaukee, Wwoiwn, informed me
that it cost him $10,000 foi the alterations made m the
Mobile custom-house contract; that it was necessary to nx
Mi. Young, the architect of the Treat>uiy, and that the
amount of $10,000 would be more than doubled by the
alteiations he [Sweet] had thus proem ed to be made; also,
that to procuie said alteiations. it wa-s neeessaiy to fix a
friend of Mr. Guthrie, and that he had made the necessary
ariangements to have him light. C. WENDELL.
Washington, January 14, 1854.
Subscribed and sworn to before ma, J. W. Beck, Justice
of the Peace-
it is charged that alterations in the manner of the construc-
tion of the Mobile custom-house have been made by the
architect and others intrusted with the constiuction of
said building, at the instance of the eontractoi, for a con-
sideration m money : And whereas other statements exibt,
which tend to corioborate the same accusations, and also
( to specify otheis similar m character and in numerous m-
I stances: And whereas it is the duty of the people's Repre-
sentatives to inquire into the truth of such allegations, when
sustained by evidence such as to render their truth probable:
Therefore
Resolved, That there be appointed by the Speaker a se-
lect committee of five members, whose duty it shall be to
inquire into the general management and expenditures con-
nected with the public buildings, or woiks constructed, or
purchased, or m process of construction, by the United
States, of whatsoever description, whether at the seat of
Government or elsewhere ; and that said committee be au-
thorized to send lor persons and papers, and to examine
witnesses touching the manner of construction and the
manner of awarding contiacts, whether any bribes or fees
have at auy time been taken by anyofficei in the service of
the Government, as a eonsideiation for awarding any con-
tinct, or for making any changes in the original tcims of any
contract, or for making alterations in the plan of any work,
or for using his influence in any manner in obtaining any
contract or extia compensation for any person for such work,
oi for being in any other manner instrumental in aiding to
defraud the Government; and that said committee be au-
thorized to mquiie into the capacity as well as characterfor
integrity of any architect, superintendent, or other officer;
and that they have power to appoint a clerk to aid in the
perfotmanee of these duties ; andal&o authorized to repoit
m whole or in pait at any time.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can only be
received by unanimous consent.
Mr. PURYEAR. I hope that some other doc-
uments, in the hands of the chairman of our com-
f mittcc, relating to the same subject, will also be
| read,before the House decides not to give unan-
' imous consent for the resolution to be introduced.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I object to the reading of
any other documents. I have no objection to the
raising of the committee, but I object to taking
up the time of the House with the reading of any
documents at this time.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ball] will hear me for a moment, I will
suggest that, as this preamble and resolution are
very long, and as they relate to a good many par-
ticulars which we cannot understand by simply
hearing it read, it would be better to have it go
over until to-morrow, and have it printed. I will
not object to its introduction, even if the gentle-
man proposes to dispose of it now; but I would
suggest that it would be better to allow it to go
over until to-morrow, and that it be printed.
Mr. FLORENCE. Printed in the Globe, I
suppose; not by the regular printer of the Ho,use.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to that.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Alabama will include in his mo-
tion that the papers referred to by the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Puryear] be also
printed.
