840
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Kansas Affairs—Mr. Trumbull, Mr. Wetter, Mr. Fessenden, etc.
Senate.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
Wednesday, July 9,1856.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom were referred the motion of Mr.
Cass, to print twenty thousand extra copies of
the bill (S. No. 356) to enable the people of the
Territory of Kansas to form a constitution and a
State government, preparatory to their admission
into the , Union on an equal footing with the
original States; and the motion of Mr. Trumbull ,
to print the same number of the amendments
offered to the bill, and the yeas and nays upon
them, reported in favor of printing twenty thou-
sand extra copies of the bill, and against printing
the amendments and yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the report of the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I really do not see the
propriety of printing twenty thousand extra
copies of a bill which has passed the Senate, but
may never pass the House. The House has
passed one bill on this subject, and the Senate
another. The Senate thought proper, when the
House bill came in, to strike it all out and insert
their bill. What object is to be attained by having
twenty thousand copies of it printed, I do not
myself know; The only reason why I made the
motion to print the same number of copies of
the amendments which were offered ana voted
down, was that, if this bill-was to be sent over
the country for electioneering, or any other pur-
poses, the action of the Senate should go with it.
Now, I see no sort of propriety in printing an
extra number of this bill, more than of any other
bill. I hope the Senate will not incur the unne-
cessary expense of printing, and will not impose
on members the unnecessary trouble of sending
off these bills. They Have been printed probably
before this in all the newspapers of the country;
and, in my judgment, it is entirely a useless ex-
penditure of money. I hope the report will not
be agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I am in favor of the report
which has been made by the Committee on Print-
ing, for 1 think it very important that this bill,
as it passed the Senate, should be put in the pos-
session of as large a number of the American
people as possible. There is nothing, perhaps,
that has been more misrepresented by the public
§ress of this country, than the position occupied
y a majqnty of the Senate on this very Kansas
question. Every Senator is aware of the fact,
that it has attracted more of public attention than
any which has been presented to the people for
many years post. We desire, then,to put this bill
in an authentic form, so that neither the misrep-
resentations of public speakers nor of the press
can place the majority in a false position. We
have taken the responsibility of passing the meas-
ure. We believe that, if it be faithfully exe-
cuted, it will remove all the difficulties which now
exist in Kansas Territory; bat above all things
we desire not to be misrepresented. The only.
Way to avoid that, in my judgment, is by spread-
ing this bill in an authentic form broadcast over
the land. We have taken the responsibility of
passing it; we are willing to meet that responsi-
bility at the bar of public opinion; but we aesire,
iJ-m™ ^ me^' y°u there, that we shall have the
bill itself as it passed the Senate, and as it was
indorsed by the majority. That is the only ob-
ject 1 have m view in desiring that the bill shall
be published under the order of the Senate, be-
cause^ then its authenticity can never be ques-
Now, as to printing the amendments, I do
not know that it is very important to the country
to jtnow what amendments the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Trumbull] proposed to this bill. If
he thinks that is important, it will be equally
necessary to print the propositions to amend the
bill made by every Senator here. But this is not
the first time in the history of the Government
that we have been compelled to order an extra
number of bills to be printed for the very purpose
of preventing the misrepresentations of public
speakers alia of the public press. I hope the
Senator from Illinois does not desir$ that this bill
should_be misrepresented to the public. He cer-
tainly ought to be in favor of giving them the
bill precisely as it passed, and that is all we ask
for. I can see no objection to it; and I would vote
for the printing of fifty thousand, if the motion
were made, because I want to have them in the
hands of every voter in this country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, this prop-
osition for printing the bill with the amendments
was submitted to the Committee on Printing, of
which I am a member. I did not approve the sug-
gestion of ray friend from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] to printing the amendments which were of- !
fered to the bill, but not adopted. I do not think
that would be proper in any case, even if it were
necessary to print a bill, because a great many
propositions, some of consequence, and some of
no consequence, are submitted; and the only ob-
ject in such a case would be to let the country 1
Know what propositions were successful, and
what unsuccessful, which I consider to be a mat- ;
ter of no importance; and, besides,it would be a '
bad precedent. |
But, sir, I am also opposed to printing extra i
numbers of this bill itself. It will be recollected
that a very large number of extra copies of the
original Kansas-Nebraska bill—I think, forty
thousand or fifty thousand were printed by order
of the Senate; and there was only one provision
in it which was of peculiar interest, and that was
embraced in a very few lines—I mean of interest
as a matter of public information; for which it
was printed. The bill itself, in all other particu-
lars, was an ordinary bill for the. organization of
Territories, varying in some respects, and one,
probably quite important.
The bill is fair enough on its face. Nobody
objects to the form in wnich it is drawn; and no-
body objects that, under some circumstances, it
might not be a good and reasonable measure.
The objection made to it on this side of the House
was, that the time and the circumstances were
such as to induce a belief that the bill was really
intended to effect another object than that which
appeared on its face. The honorable Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] yesterday, I think,
inquired what right Senators had to impute any
other object to a measure than that avowed by its
authors and supporters ? I take it, that that is a
right which is always exercised. There is noth-
ing unparliamentary in inquiring into the object,
and in supposing that the real may be different
from the apparent one. I think it would be very
easy to prove, by going back to the history of
the transaction, and looking at the state of things
which exists now, that it contemplated other
objects than those avowed. I do not choose to
go into that matter now. At any rate, the evi-
dence to authorize this belief was satisfactory to
my own mind.
But to come to the question: I do not see the
propriety of publishing large numbers of bills
passed by the different Houses of Congress, even
supposing that those bills had become laws. In
the first place, it is unnecessary. These bills, if
they are of any public interest, go into all the
newspapers. The number of twenty thousand,
which is proposed to be printed, would be an ex-
ceedingly unimportant number for the purpose of
informing the people what the substance of the
bill is. It would go into comparatively very few
hands; and I really believe that experience has
shown that most of the bills thus printed become
mere waste paper, and are not used at all. Some
few copies may be sent out for particular pur-
poses, but copies can always be obtained from
the papers. They are in the public prints, and
they can be had, and thus all the object is ac-
complished which the Senator from California
suggests. If I really believed that it was import-
ant for the information of the people, as to the
matter and substance of this bill, that extra num-
bers should be printed, and that it would not get
out in any other way, and that the object he de-
sires would- not be accomplished in any other
mode, I certainly should vote with him, for I be-
lieve it is important that the people should know,
on questions of this kind, precisely what has been
done; but the difficulty is, that they will not know
any better from printing these extra numbers. It
adds to our very large-printing expenses. Iam
sorry to be obliged to talk about it, but my posi-
tion on the Committee on Printing renders it, in
some measure, expedient that I should express
my opinions.
We tried to commence, at the beginning of this
session, a reform in relation to printing, and I
suggested then, what I follow out now, by say-
ing, that in these matters we can effect it if we
will. But it is only by looking things steadily in
the face, and inquiring whether in reality any
good will be accomplished by going through the
Formality which has been gone through on certain
other occasions, when nothing, in fact, was ac-
complished by printing. The expense is a trifling
amount, I know.
Mr. PRATT. -What is it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot tell what the
amount is.
Mr. FISH. The rule requires an estimate to
be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I inquire of the chair-
man of the committee whether he has examined
to see what the expense will be ?
Mr. JOHNSON, t had an estimate of the ex-
pense, but I have mislaid it. It does not amount
to POO.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a trifling sum, as I
supposed; but what has the amount to do with
it ? We attempted, or resolved, in the beginning
of the session, to establish the principle, that we
would cut off all useless printing expenditures;
and the question now is, whether there is any
utility in this beyond merely carrying the propo-
sition to print an extra number of copies? We
[ perceive that the majority here can do anything
i they please; they can print anything they like;
I and, to my mind, it is a mere question of whether
1 we shall adhere to the system which we began.
! I repeat, that if I believed, with the Senator
from California, that printing this extra number
of copies would have a tendency to correct mis-
representations or errors in the community any-
where, I would vote with him; because I am
always in favor of having the truth known in
reganl to our -legislation here, let the result be
what it may. I presume that, on a question of
this kind, addressing itself rather to the political
feelings of the Senate than to anything else, these
remarks of mine will be useless; but I considered
it my duty to make them.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall take a vote
on this question. I am anxious to get the Indian
appropriation bill under consideration. I propose
to dispose of that to-day, if we can, and I think
it is time we were at it.
Mr. JOHNSON. In view of the remarks of
the Senator from Virginia, and his anxiety for a
vote, I shall not say anything, as I desired to do,
in reply to the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fes-
senden,] whom I have always found to be a very
just and very fa'ir man indeed, in his actions
connected with affairs before the Printing Com-
mittee; but I still adhere to my belief, that a ne-
cessity exists for the printing of this bill.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, the House of
Representatives has passed a bill for the admission
of Kansas into the Union upon the so-called To-
peka constitution. The Senate, not satisfied with
that pretended constitution, on the ground thatit
was a mere partial revolutionary movement—
that it was against law—that it was adopted by
only a portion of a party which had no power to
act for the people of Kansas, or to impose on
them a constitution, have submitted a proposition
and passed it, by which the question shall be
submitted to the bona Jvie settlers of Kansas, and
a constitution formed, if they see fit to form one.
The bill which was passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and sent to the Senate, has been
amended by substituting the bill of the Senate,
and sending that to the House; so that the issue
is made between the majority of the Senate and
the majority of the House of Representatives,
upon one point only—namely: whether a consti-
tution fairly formed by the whole people of Kan-
sas, in the manner provided by the Senate s bill,
is to be preferred over the revolutionary consti-
tution which was attempted to be made at the
Topeka convention. .
Now, sir, I desire that this bill of the Senate
—which is so just and fair in itself—which pro-
vides against every evil, so far as I can judge,
that has been complained of—may be spread
