1578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
reading, touching the history of this great priv-
ilege.
Blackstone tells us that the privilege of the
English Parliament was principally established
in order to protect its members, not only from
being molested by their fellow-subjects, but also
from being oppressed by the power of the Crown.
He enumerates the privilege of speech and of
Eerson as of the more notorious of these privi-
iges. (Vol. 1, p. 164.)
By the statute of 1 William and Mary St. 2,
chap. 2, the privilege of speech is declared to be
"one of the liberties of the people;" and it is
further provided "that the freedom of speech,
and debates, and proceedings in Parliament, ought
not to be impeached or questioned in any court or
place out of Parliament." And, sir, we are fur-
ther told that this freedom of speech, as also the
privilege of the person from arrest, are particu-
larly demanded of the King in person by the
Speaker of the House of Commons at the open-
ing of every new Parliament, and that these im-
munities are as ancient as Edward the Confessor.
Sir, I venture the opinion, that to these immuni-
ties of the English Commons, more than to any
or all other causes combined, is attributable the
proud fact in England's history, that her House
of Commons, through centuries of conflict and
trial, has stood forth the asylum of constitutional
liberty, and firmly and defiantly maintained the
rights of the people against the encroachments of
tyranny, whether attempted under the rule of the
Plantagenets, the Tudors, or the Stuarts.
This great privilege of the people, sir, the free-
dom of speech and debate in their legislative as-
semblies, and the absolute immunity of their
representatives from outrage, or insult, or menace,
in the exercise thereof, is a privilege as sacred
and as cleai ly and solemnly established here in our
own country as m England. Sir, it is this statute
of 1st William and Mary that is incorporated in
our Constitution, which provides that the Sen-
ators and Representatives shall, in all cases ex-
cept treason, felony, and breach of the peace, be
privileged from arrest during their attendance at
the session of their respective IJouses, and in
going to and returning from the same; and for any
speech or debate in either House they shall not
be questioned in any other place, (Constitution
of the United States, art. 1, sec. (i.) Although our
Constitution does not, in the words of the English
statute, declare these privileges to be "of the
liberties of the people, it has always been so
understood; and Mr. Justice Story, in his Com-
mentarieson the Constitution, 2d vol., 847, says
of these rights and privileges of the members of
each House,they "are in truth the rights and
privileges of their constituents, and for their bene-
fit and security."
Happily you, Mr. Speaker, have no occasion,
upon the opening of Congress, like the Speaker
of the British Commons, to make demand of a
king that the people's representatives shall enjoy,
unmolested and unquestioned, these great and
essential rights of a free commonwealth. These
rights are declared by the Constitution; and as a
pledge for their observance you demand and
receive of every member of this House a solemn
oath, by which he swears, in the presence of his
Maker, "that he will support the Constitution
of the United States"—that Constitution which
provides that, during their attendance upon the
session of Congress, not during its actual sittings
merely, but during its entire session, and in going
to_ and returning from the same, the Represent-
atives and Senators " shall in all cases, except
treason, felony, and breach op the peace,"
be exempt from arrest, even by the strong arm
of the law; that they shall not be questioned in
any other place, or by any other body than their
respective Houses, for any speech or debate
therein; and that '• the right of the people,"
of all the people, whether Senator, Representa-
tive, or constituent, " to be secure in their
persons, shall not be violated." (Constitu-
tion of United States, art. 1, sec. 6, and Amend-
ments, art. 4.)
That, sir, was the pledge which you demanded
and received of every member of the House, his
oath, his solemn oath, that he wouldnot himself
nor should others, so far as he could prevent it,
outrage or restrict by menace or violence these
great rights of free speech and personal security.
But, sir, these provisions of the Constitution, and
this solemn oath which you have administered,
are but a solemn mockery if the freedom of speech
and debate here or in the Senate Chamber are to
be silenced by the bludgeon, and the offender to
defy the power of this House and of the Senate
to restrain or punish his atrocious crime.
Mr. Speaker, whenever or wherever, within the
United States, any person assaults and beats any
member of either House of Congress as a pun-
ishment for words spoken here in debate, such
person by this lawless act clearly commits two
distinct offenses, and becomes liable to answer
therefor to two distinct tribunals. First, the person
thus offending is guilty of an assault and battery,
for which he is liable to answer to the courts of
justice; and second, he is guilty of a contempt of
that House to which the member thus assaulted
belongs, a crime against the liberty of the people,
a violation of their great right of freedom of speech
in the person of their Representative, for which
the offender must answer to the House whose
member he has assailed; unless, indeed, the
assailant be himself a member of either House,
in which event the House to which he belongs
may punish the contempt and vindicate the viola-
ted majesty of the people. This crime against the
people, as distinct from the crime against the
person injured, is not cognizable or punishable,
as our law now is, in any earthly tribunal but the
House or Senate.
In the case before us, the Senate has declined
to punish the guilty party, on account of his
privilege as a member of this House; but the
Senate has complained and reported to this House
that the member from South Carolina has, in
the Senate Chamber, assaulted and beaten the
Hon. Charles Sumner, a Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and has thereby " committed a breach
of the privileges of that body; and that the power
to arrest, try, and punish him for this offense de-
volves on this House." That, sir, is the judgment
of the Senate. This assault, therefore, upon the
people's privilege—this crime which touches the
nation's life—must be punished here, if any-
where. That the member is guilty of a crime
against the people, as distinct from the crime
against the person of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, will scarcely be questioned. Rawle,
in his Commentary upon the Constitution, says:
"It is a maxim in the practical application of govern-
ment, that the public functionaries should be supported in
the free exercise ofthepoweisintrustedtothem. Attempts
to bribe or to intimidate tliem constitute ojfenses against
the public." (P. 45.)
And Rawle adds further, when speaking of the
power of the House to punish for contempts of
its authority, that it is " a summary jurisdiction
for the punishment of offenses substantially com-
mitted against the people." (Rawle 44,"45.) But
from the report of the minority made in this case,
followed up by the speech of the gentleman from
North Carolina, I should not have supposed that
any one would have doubted the power of this
House to punish the member, by expulsion or
imprisonment, for this crime upon the Constitu-
tion and the people. No one has ever doubted
the power of the House to punish or expel its
members for contempt, disorderly behavior, or
breach of its privileges, committed in the pres-
ence of the House, and during its session. The
minority concede this, though their logic on the
right of trial by jury would seem to exclude any
such concession. The Constitution expressly
provides that each House " may punish its mem-
bers for disorderly behavior, ana, with the con-
currence of two thirds, expel a member."
Mr. Justice Story, commenting upon this clause
of the Constitution, says, " that this power in the
House to punish and expel its members for aggra-
vated misconduct was indispensable, not as a com-
mon, but as an ultimate, redress for the grievance.''
(2 Story's Commentaries on the Constitution, 299,
sees. 835, 836.) You rely upon no court or Exec-
utive to redress this grievance—this crime against
the people. You rely solely upon Congress.
The Constitution provides that for disorderly
behavior each House may punish or expel its
members. We have sworn, sir, to support the
Constitution in this behalf. Shall we fail to do
it? Do you not call it disorderly behavior, and
a breach of the Constitution, for a member of
this House to violate the freedom of debate—to
insult the majesty of the people, and desecrate
the Hall of the Senate by a violent assault upon
a public representative ? What excuse or apology
is there for this? If the Constitution may not
restrain the member, nor his oath, nor the sacred
right of person, from such violence and disorder,
what can be done but expel him? Are we, sir,
to wait till other members' of this House, or the
Senate, in a like lawless manner, are beaten and
disabled, and the power of the people over-
turned? Is any man to be allowed, on any pre-
text, to beat American representatives, in the
very forum of the people, at his pleasure ? Is any
member of this House to do this, and avoid
responsibility to this House, and escape expul-
sion on the ground that the House was not
actually in session at the time ?
Speaking of the expulsion clause of the Con-
stitution, the minority, strangely enough, after
what they have said of the despotism of a legis-
lative body which adjudges and executes, as well as
enacts, laws, say that " Taking the whole para-
graph in its connected sense, it seems to us that
it has reference to the House while in session in
the actual discharge of its constitutional duties"
—and pray, sirs, who shall judge whether it is
in the actual discharge of its constitutional duties ?
Shall any member who chooses to arm himself
with a bludgeon constitute himself the judge,
and immediately upon adjournment, or an hour
after the adjournment, authoritatively determine
that a member in debate was not in the actual
discharge of his constitutional duty, and proceed,
in defiance of the House, to punish the offending
member accordingly ? So the minority manifestly
conclude, and hence their novel and startling an-
nouncement :
" We entertain no doubt that the whole of this provision
looks to the session of the House, and to pumsliingits mein-
beis for such disorderly conduct as would interrupt its ses-
sion. Extend it beyond the presence of the session of the
House, and it becomes an unlimited power, operating not
only during the session of Congress, but during the recess."
The minority are not content with a literal de-
nial of this power of Congress to expel or punish
its members for disorderly behavior or breach of
its privileges, or for infamous crimes committed
when the House is not actually in session, but
they are equally swift to limit and restrict the
constitutional exemption of Senators and Repre-
sentatives from question elsewhere for any speech
or debate in either House. Of this exemption
the minority say :
"This provision of the Constitution was evidently in-
tended to piotect members fiom such legal liability as they
might incur for words spoken in debate 111 then respective
Houses. It can hardly be supposed that the Constitution
was providing against a mode of questioning which, m
itself, even without such provision, would h;ue been not
only unauthorized by law, but in direct violation of the
criminal law of the land."
And the minority say further:
" If members of Congress seek this shield and protection
which the Constitution gives them, it is an onerous condi-
tion imposed upon them, that their speech slmll be proper
and legitimate, in the discharge of their constitutional
duty."—(p. 16.)
In connection with this strange declaration the
minority tell us " we recognize no privileged
class." In short, they deny the privileges of the
people in order to justify their construction of the
Constitution.
By the construction of the minority, the 5th ar.d
6th sections, 1st article, of the Constitution are
interpolated, so as to read thus: "Each House
may punish, or by a vote of two thirds expel, a
memberfor disorderly behavior committed while
the House is in session, and in the actual discharge
of its constitutional duties;" and " The Senators
and Representatives, for any proper and legitimate
speech or debate in either House, shall not be
legally questioned in any other place for the lia-
bility thus incurred; but neither House may pun-
ish nor interfere with any member or person for
illegally questioning, when neither House is actu-
ally sitting, any Senator or Representative for any
speech or debate—provided that the questioning
shall be in direct violation of the criminal law of
the land."
. In otherwords, by this new version of the Con-
stitution , this House is powerless to punish any
of its members who may choose, within an hour
after the close of its session of each day, to ques-
tion fellow members for words uttered in debate,
by waylaying him, and clubbing him until he is
literally senseless and drenched in blood. And,
sir, if to-day this may be done by a member, and
he shall be at large upon his recognizance entered
into before a committing magistrate, he may
