844
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
Now, what are to be the Qualifications of these
fair men, I do not know. Gentlemen's notions
on that point may differ very much from mine.
I do not know but that the President supposes
that, in the appointment of Governor Shannon to
gove'rn that Territory, he made a very fair and
judicious appointment. The Senate thought so,
of course, when they confirmed him. I do not
believe that he is so; but I would not trust him
an hour anywhere; and yet he is a specimen of
those whom the President and the Senate call fair
men to execute any public trust! I cannot trust
him.
But 1 say to all—I rose to say it—that I chal-
lenge any "Senator on this floor to tell me what
additional guarantee your bill holds out for the
security of the rights of the citizens in that Ter-
ritory over «nd above what is imposed by the
Constitution of the United States on the Presi-
dent? Nothing, sir; barely nothing. Suppose
your commissioners should be appointed, and go
into the Territory. They have certain duties to
perform in regard to preparing for a vote for a i
convention. That is all; but if the President
cannot now keep the peace there—if he cannot
guarantee and secure the rights of emigrants
going into the Territory, and those who arc there,
against being rode over and robbed by a neigh-
boring State, will he do it after this bill shall be-
come a law? It gives him no additional rights.
He has now all power, all authority, to do pre-
cisely the same without a passage of your bill
that he could do with it.
Besides, how do you know that it will be the,
will of the people tnerc to form a State govern-
ment and be admitted into the Union under your
bill? It does not contemplate absolutely any
action of the people, but provides that if they
dhall see fit to act they may act under the disad-
vantages which I have already mentioned. In
the mean time it will devolve on the Executive
of this Government to keep the peace and secure
men in their rights. I say again, your bill gives
no additional guarantee that this will be done.
It has been constantly repeated here that this
is to be a peace measure, and somehow conduce
to the security of the rights of settlers there. It
is to answer that position that I have risen to say
that I see no such thing in your bill. The
Executive to-day is armed with full power and
absolute authority to do all these things, ftnd the
bill cannot give an additional guarantee, and it
does not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on concurring in the
report of the committee ordering the printing of
twenty thousand copies of the Kansas bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall not detain the Senate
long. The excuse heretofore given for resisting
the law and shooting down the officers of the law
in Kansas, has been that the same Legislature
which made the Kansas code passed two or three
statutes which the resistants did not like—statutes
invading the liberty of the press and the freedom
of speech, and imposing certain tests for voting
and for jurors. It was said that these particular
laws were barbarous and monstrous—that a free
people should not submit to them, and that, whilst
such laws stood on the statute-book, they were
justified in resisting the constituted authorities of
the Territory. Well, sir, the Senate has passed
a bill which declares all such obnoxious provis-
ions or laws in the Territory null ana void.
Every statutory provision which has been given
as an excuse for -resistance to laws, has been
blotted out. What excuse now have you' for
getting up rebellion, and riots, and bloodshed,
and house-burnings in Kansas? If now you
resist the law, you are resisting statutes that are
acknowledged to be properand wise—those which
punish murder,and house-breaking, and robbery,
and those crimes that are punished, and ought to
be punished, in all civilized communities. What
excuse have you now for resistance to the law ?
Do you say that the murderer should not be pun-
ished, because you do not believe that the Legis-
lature was fairly*elected which made the law
against murder? Are you going to rescue the
thief because you do nor like the Legislature that
passed the law against l&rceny ? The obnoxious
laws are gone, and the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] laments that they are gone. He laments
it in his speech, and I have no doubt laments it
in his heart. The material out of which polit-
ical capital is to be made is gone.
Gentlemen have been kind enough to say that
the object of this bill is to make a slave State in
Kansas. I show them that by the provisions of
the bill its object is to allow the people to make
just such a State as they wish. The Senator
from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] says he has a
right to go a little behind the face of the bill,
and give his opinion that the object is to make
Kansas a slave State. Conceding that right, and
acting upon it, I have a right to come to the con-
clusion, that all these gentlemen want is to get
up murder and bloodshed in Kansas for political
effect. They do not mean that there shall be
peace until after the presidential election.. They
sent their partisan agents to get up rebellion, to
commit crime, to burn houses, and then their
newspaper agents are to report these acts her-e,
and charge them on the border ruffians. This
whole game of violence there, and the publica-
tion of it here, is done by the one and same set
of men—done for political effect. It is a part of
their game. They do not mean that there shall
be peace. Their capital for the presidential
election is blood. We may as well talk plainly.
An angel from heaven could not write a bill to
restore peace in Kansas that would be acceptable
to the Abolition Republican party previous to the
presidential election. [Laughter and applause
in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
Order!
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senate has passed and
now propose to print a bill no man on earth can
pretend is not fair, just, and equitable in all its
provisions. Even the most hardened partisan
does not pretend to say the bill is unfair. Then
why not go for it ? They say there is something
beyond it. The Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Collamer] says he must look at the cause of the
difficulty in order to provide the remedy. But if
this bill is a fair one—if its provisions are such
as will insure a true expression of the popular
voice of Kansas, why not agree to it? You say
you do not like the cause that produced the diffi-
culty in Kansas. Nor do we. We believe that
you originated all the difficulties, and are justly
responsible for the consequences; wc believe
your emigrant aid Bociety was organized for
such purposes. We believe there never would
have been any trouble in Kansas but for your
efforts, and that they were for political obi >cts.
Still, you have brought these difficulties upon
Kansas, and we have to deal with the facts as
they are. We have to deal with existing facts.
Shall we refuse to remedy the evils because we
feel and know that you produced them; or will
you refuse to remedy the evils because you charge
the origin of them on us ? We are bound as hon-
est men and patriots to apply a remedy to the
evils, no matter from what quarter they may
have originated.
Then, sir, if it be an evil to have laws in force
infringing tlie freedom of speech in the Territory,
why not join with us to pass this bill, which
obliterates those laws? If it be an evil of such
magnitude as to justify rebellion and bloodshed
to have test oaths in the Territory, why not join
us in blotting them out? If there be such evils
as are portrayed in Kansas, why not join us in
applying the remedy? No; you vainly hope that
you can make the people believe that the Democ-
racy are responsible for the consequences of
your own acts, and thus gather political capital
from the blood of your fellow-citizens, if violence
can reign and the excitement last until the presi-
dential election. Hence, law must not prevail—
life mustnot be safe—property must not be secure
—peace must not be restored in Kansas, if the
abolition-Republican leaders can prevent it, until i
after the election. You mistake, if you suppose
the people will not be able to understand this
scheme.
When we present you with a fair bill designed
and calculated to have a fair election, if you are
willing that there, should be a fair election, why ;
not join us in passing the bill? Your excuse is j
that the free-State men have all left Kansas, and j
that there is no hope or expectation that they will j
ever return. If, for the sake of the argument,
the truth of this position should be granted,
would that fact furnish sufficient reason for deny-
ing to the actual inhabitants of Kansas—those
who intend to remain and make it their home—
the right of living under a constitution and laws
°n l'\e:r own making? By the terms of the bill,
all who have left have the right to return and vote
at the election. If they do not return and make
Kansas their home, and vote at the election, it
will be their own fault or choice. But is it true,
in fact, that the great body of the free-State men
have left Kansas ? If they have, and if it be true
that they will not go back, do you propose to give
effect to a constitution which they made, and to
which they will not return and live under? If
your statement be true that they have all left, you
have got a constitution which nobody in the Ter-
ritory is in favor of—a constitution to govern a
people all of whom are against it—a constitution
in the making of which nobody there partici-
pated. If your statement be true that those who
made the Topeka constitution have left and gone
to parts unknown, and cannot be induced to re-
turn, with what propriety or truth can you say
that that constitution ought to govern a people
who are opposed to it and had no voice in making
it? But why talk about the free-State men, or
any considerable portion of them, having been
driven from the Territory ? If the newspapers
are to be believed, a few have left on both sides,
and probably in about equal proportions in re-
spect to numbers.
While we received accounts of some free-State
men having been disarmed and turned back, we
find in the same newspapers, and in the same col-
umn, the further statement that Buford's men, and
the Carolinians and Alabamians, and other south-
ern men, have been turned out of the Territory
and disarmed by Colonel Sumner. While these
two facts are found under the telegraphic head of
the same newspaper, the one—that which relates
to the turning back of the Abolitionists—has
been repeated in debate in various speeches in
this Chamber, at least twenty-five times in one
day; and the other—referring to the driving out
ana disarming the pro-slavery men—has never
been once alluded to. Was it any less an offense
to drive out and disarm several hundred pro-
slavery men, than to turn back a much smaller
number of Abolitionists ?
I Mr. FESSENDEN. They were not disarmed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, disarmed; the state-
ment in the paper was, that they were disarmed
and driven out of the Territory. But, whether
disarmed or not, the fact is admitted that they
were driven out of the Territory by Colonel Sum-
ner, with the United States troops. The Senator
admits that he knew the fact that several hun-
dred southern men had been expelled from the
Territory, at the same time that he complaincd
that a much smaller number of northern men had
been disarmed and turned back. Since the Sen-
ator's denial, I make no point on the fact, whether
the southern men were disarmed or not by Colo-
nel Sumner. It is admitted that he drove them
from the Territory, and by that act deprived them
of the privilege of voting just as effectually as he
did the northern men, whether disarmed or not.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to interrupt him for a moment ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. lYERSON. I will make this statement
in reference to Colonel Buford's party. I know
personally the facts, because they came from my
immediate neighborhood, that the whole party
went to Kansas unarmed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Now, then, we know that
some free-State men were driven out, and also
some slave-State men. The newspaper press
gives an account of three times as many slave-
State men driven out, as free-State men; and
which way the balance may be, I do not know,
nor is it material to inquire if it were possible to
ascertain the fact. Unaer the bill, every man who
has been driven out can go back and become a
voter if he chooses. If he does go back and avail
himself of the benefit of the bill, he ought to be
permitted to vote. If he refuses to go back, he
has no right to a voice in the formation of the
organic law of the State in which he does not
choose to reside. . .
Then, 1 ask, what cause of complaint is there,
