1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Douglas, Mr. Hale.
Senate.
that free-State men have left the Territory ? How
]ono> is it since this cry has been raised ? The
whfstle was sounded by the leader, [Mr .Sew-
ard,] and every one repeated it like a parrot. Up
to the moment this bill was submitted to them—
up to that very instant of tiiHft—the leader said,
and every one repeated it, that the free-State men
were in the ratio of ten or twenty to one to the
pro-slavery men of Kansas. You all affirmed the
statement, and repeated it over and over again in
your speeches, as a reason why Kansas should
be admitted with the Topeka constitution. You
all averred that the Topeka party comprised a
vast majority of the inhabitants of Kansas—some
of you stating that majority ten to one, while
others estimated it at twenty to one—but all
agreeing that there was an overwhelming major-
ity in favor of & free State, and for that reason
insisted upon the admission of Kansas with the
Topeka constitution. You affirmed the truth of
this fact up to the very hour that the Senator
from Georgia gave notice of his proposition to
ascertain, by a fair election, the real opinions and
wishes of the people of Kansas, when suddenly
you all changed your tune, and declared that such
a law would result inevitably in making Kansas
a slave State. How could such a bill make Kan-
aas a slave State, if a majority of the people were
Itoit? It is admitted on all hands that
the bill is just and equitable in all its provisions,
and provides for a fair and impartial election.
Your argument was, that Kansas should.be per-
mitted to speak; that her voice should be heard;
her will obeyed, by allowing her people to have
such a constitution as nineteen twentieths of them ,
demanded. You said it was a great crime against
Kansas, to compel the majority to suhgnit to
the minority; that a free people would not submit,
and ought never to submit, to a system of laws
forced upon them in opposition to their wishes,
and regardless of their rights under the organic
law to decide the slavery question for themselves!
Now, when we propose to permit Kansas to
•peak, and to speak her own voice, uninfluenced
and unawed by any foreign power, or any other
power than their own free will, your excuse for
denying them the right of making their own fun-
damental law, is that your friends have been
driven out, or they are imprisoned ! Imprisoned !
for what? You give us to understand that they
are all in prison for violating the law abridging
the freedom of speech and of the press. Bear in
Blind—and I have had to remind you several times
of it this session—there has never been one of
your men imprisoned for a violation of either one
of the obnoxious laws of which you have com-
plained. If it be true, as is now said, that they
are in prison, and under arrest for a violation of
any one of those laws, this bill abrogates those
laws, and thus releases your prisoners. There
is no lawyer who will deny that a bill repealing a
penal law without a reservation as to preexisting
offenses, dismisses the indictment, and releases
the prisoner. It is a general jail delivery of the
whole Territory as to any crime or alleged oifense
under any one of those obnoxious laws which
you say*ought not to be in force. Then what
becomes of your complaint that your men are all
in prison ? If they are in prison, they are not
there for violating any one of those obnoxious
laws. If they are in prison, they are there for
larceny, for murder, for robbery, or for some
other crime, punishment for which is usual and
proper in all civilized communities. They are
not in prison for violating any law abridging the
freedom of speech, or the liberty of the press, or
any other right held sacred in any Christian
country. I repeat that all laws of which you
complain have been declared null and void, as
being contrary to the true intent and meaning of
the organic law, and the Constitution of the
United States.
Then what become of your objections to this
bill? Youaredriven back to the flimsy pretext that
it is a bill to make Kansas a slave State, and is
so designed—yes, "designed" is the word. The
bill provides that it shall be a free State, if there
are a majority of the people for making it a free
State, and a slave State if a majority are in favor
of its being a slave State; yet you say it is a bill
to make Kansas a slave State. This allegation
cannot be true, and you canpot believe it to be
true, unless a majority of the bona fide inhabitants
are opposed to the Topeka constitution, and in
favor of making Kansas a slave State. Do you
pretend that there is a majority there in favor of a
slave State ? If a majority of the bona fide inhab-
itants are in favor of a slave State, they have the
right to make it so; and it is our duty to receive
it into the Union either with or without slavery,
as they shall determine. The will of that people
fairly expressed,honestly imbodied in their con-
stitution, ought to be the fundamental law of the
new State.
Thus you are reduced to the necessity of con-
fessing that the free-State party, which you have
always averred comprised nine tenths, if not
nineteen twentieths, of the people of the Territory,
is a miserable faction, in a minority so small that
they have no hope of success at a fair election,
where the popular voice can be freely expressed
without fraud, violence, or intimidation; or you
are compelled to admit that your present declara-
tions in regard to the purposes of the present bill
! to make it a slave State, is entirely without foun-
dation. Now, let us know which of these posi-
tions you are prepared to assume. If the free-
State party is in the majority, it must be a free
State under the operation of this bill.
Mr. WADE. That does not follow, at all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Why does itnotfollow? The
bill is admitted to be a fair one, to register every
legal voter in the Territory, afad none others. It
guaranties freedom of speech, and freedom of
action and of the press; and provides that a ma-
jority shall rule. It contains the most stringent
provisions for entire fairness and justice in every
particular. Hence, I insist it does follow that,
if a majority be in favor of a free State, it will be,
a free State; and, if a majority are otherwise, it
will be otherwise.
The simple question, then, between us is,
whether the majority shall rule in Kansas, or
not? I am now prepared to answer the interroga-
tory of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,]
whether we have given up the doctrine of popu-
lar sovereignty, or of self-government in the
Territories, subject to the Constitution? We have
not abandoned that, or any other principle, of the
Kansas-Nebraska act; nor do we intend to do so.
The object of this bill is to carry out the princi-
ples of the Nebraska-Kansas act, according to its
true intent and meaning. Its object is, to insure
to the people a fair election, at which delegates
may be selected to form a constitution and State
government which shall be in accordance with
their own wishes. This bill is not only in har-
mony with the principles of the Nebraska-Kan-
sas act, but has been deemed necessary to carry
into effect the provisions of that act. It is a bill,
therefore, to carry out, in good faith, the great
principles of popular sovereignty and State
equality, in accordance with Jhe Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. President, 1 will not prolong this debate.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the Indian
appropriation bill.
Mr. HALE. I do not know that I shall make
any opposition to that motion, but I think a single
word is due to the Senator from Illinois. It was
no part of my intention to trespass again on the
attention of the Senate in reference to this matter,
and I have gone through the debates of this ses-
sion, saying as little as I possibly could in the
discharge of what I conceived to be my consci-
entious duty; but the Senator from Illinois has
arraigned me to-day for the crimes of murder, of
arson, and of theft. It i3 the first time in the his-
tory of my life 
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to the gentleman
that, if this motion fails, he can,go on now, and
if the motion succeeds, he can go on to-morrow;
but let us have u vote on the proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on postponing the report before
the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I know that was the motion, and
I was speaking to it. I say I have no disposition
to continue the debate at this time, but simply de-
sire to answer that accusation. I hope the motion
will be postponed until to-morrow, when I shall
endeavor to do so.
Mr. HUNTER. I would be very-glad if the
Senate would take that course. If they are de-
termined not to postpone the question, very well;
but I should like to have the sense of the Senate
on that point.
Several Senators. Let us go on with this.
Mr. HUNTER. If Senators generally say
"go on with it," I am willing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Virginia withdraw his motion ?
"Mr. HUNTER. I do not. Let the sense of
the Senate be taken on it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the Senator from
Virginia will allow the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to reply on this point, if he considers it
personal.
Mr. HUNTER. I should not object if it were
not that he will have an opportunity to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. I am willing to let it go over
until to-morrow.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on agreeing to the report of tne Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. HALE. On that I have very little to say;
but I certainly would commend to those gentle-
men who are urging this motion, the considera-
tion of those arguments that were addressed to
the Senate on economy when the motion to print
an extra number of Captain Marcy's report was
before us. By a pretty general expression of the
sense of the Senate at that time, I thought it was
understood that the motion was negatived on the
ground that it was not proper or pertinent for the
Senate to order the printing of any number of
documents for the purpose of spreading them
amongst the people, but simply such as would
aid us in the discharge of our duties here on the
floor of the Senate. With this remark I will let
that matter pass.
But, sir, the Senator from Illinois addresses
j himself to me; he addresses himself to those who
are opposed to this bill, and he makes this distinct
j charge, if I understand the words as they have
fallen from his lips, that we are opposing the bill
for the purpose of contMfting murder,and arson,
and theft, in Kansas; and that it is fbr the mis-
erable object of having these flagrant crimes com-
mitted in a Territory of the United States, that
we may make political capital out of them in the
coming campaign. This strikes me as being the
broadest departure from the fair limits of debate
that I have ever heard on the floor of the Senate;
and without any invidious feeling, I should have
called the Senator from Illinois to order, and ap-
pealed to the Setiate to carry out the suggestions
which were made here the other day, if I did not
feel that, being in a minority, a very small mi-
nority of the Senate, it was incumbent in the
majority to vindicate the propriety of their own
rules, and protect the members of this body from
being accused of so base motives as getting up
and continuing these crimes for such purposes.
I shall not retaliate by charging motives on any-
body. I believe it has not generally been my
habit to do so. When I charge a thing as the
intent of a bill, I do not look to the personal or
political feelings and intentions of gentlemen who
propose it. I look to the bill, and ask what is
its intention on its face, with its surroundings,
and what are the fair and legitimate consequences
to be-expected from it? When I have satisfied
anybody, by a fair and logical course of argument,
that a certain thing is a legitimate and natural
consequence to follow from that bill, then I say
such is the intention of the bill. This I believe
is the philosophical and the legal fairness of dis-
cussion.
When, then, I say to a man, you vote for that
bill, I suppose there is no one on this"floor who
would plead the irresponsibilities of a minority,
and say he does not mean and intend to do by his
vote what his vote is calculated and must of neces-
sity do. But, sir, upon what act, upon what
ground, upon what data, does the Senator from
Illinois stand here $nd hurl such charges at me?
I am not going to speak for anybody but myself;
but he classes me amongst those whom he charges
with these crimes. I have made no allegation
about the state of public opinion in Kansas. He
says it has been made by my leader.. I do not
know who that is. There are two gentlemen on
this floor who have been designated as leaders—
