1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1581
lives; let the Constitution stand for the sake of
the millions who enjoy its blessings, and are shel-
tered by its power; let the Constitution stand for
the sake of the sons of liberty in all lands, who
utter prayers daily for its preservation, and flee
to it for protection; and oh! let the Constitu-
tion stand for the sake of those who are to come
after us—for the sake of our children, and our
children's children.
If the greatest of all earthly calamities must
come upon us; if that Constitution which our
fathers gave us must perish, and be forever lost
to human vision, amid the thick darkness which
broods over the awful gulf of national disunion
and national death, God grant that this sacred
charter of freedom may fall at last, if fall it mast,
amid the wild battle-cry in which it had its
origin—Liberty and justice, the noblest right
—the sternest duty of men and nations.
Mr. ORR obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I beg the special
attention of the gentleman from Ohio. I must
express my gratification at the gentleman's dis-
claimer of any personal unkindness to me; but the
gentleman, either in the excitement of debate, i
or inadvertently, or in some other way, twice i
during his speech spoke of my violating my con-
stitutional oath. Now, I respectfully and kindly
ask that gentleman, whether I am to understand
him as meaning that the moral turpitude of per-
jury rests 011 me >
Mr. BliNGHAM. I will answer the gentle-
man that that consideration never entered my
mmd, for this reason 
Mr. BR.OOKS, (interrupting.) I am entirely
satisfied with the gentleman's denial.
Mr. OR.R next addiesscd the House for an hour.
His remarks will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. COMIXS obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If the gentleman
from Massachusetts will allow me, I propose to
move to adjourn; but before doing so I wish to
say to the House that I am desirous of bringing
this matter to a close to-morrow. [Loud and gen-
eral cries of " No !" " No !"J I wish, therefore,
to ask the unanimous consent of the House to
permit me to offer a resolution that the House
shall meet at eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Many Members objected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Take up the res-
olution to fix a day for the final adjournment
first.
Mr. BOCOCK. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten minutes past four o'clock, p. ill.) the House
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 10, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JAMES presented the petition of Jonas
P. Levy and others, citizens of Washington,
District of Columbia, praying for the passage of
an act to incorporate the Washington Gas-Light
Company in tliat city; winch was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of Stephen
Hoyt, praying for an amendment to the bounty
land act of March 3, 1855; which was ordered to
lit* on the table.
Heaisoprcsented the petition of David Fowler,
a soldier in the war of 1813. praying to be allowed
a quarter section of Kind m lieu of the bounty
land issurd for his service m that war, and sold
by the State of Illinois without Ins knowledge or
consent; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
lie also presented the petition of John W.
Fuiber and Pieice P. Furber, only surviving
children of Richard Furber, an officer in the rev-
olutionary army, praying to he allowed arrears
of pension to which their father was entitled;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. OEYER presented a memorial of Clement
L. West, and other employes of the Govern-
ment at Washington, praying to be allowed_an
increase of twenty per cent, otr their salaries;,
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of E.
Lloyd Winder, of the United States Navy, pray-
ing to be alio wed the difference of pay between a
passed midshipman and master, during the time
he acted in the latter capacity; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of the officers of
the Japan expedition, praying to be allowed the
same extra pay that was allowed to the officers of
the South Sea exploring expedition; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the memorial of
Charles A. Kinkead, in behalf of Livingston,
Kinkead & Co., of Salt Lake City, praying for
indemnity for depredations committed by the
Sioux Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of cit-
izens of New York, remonstrating against the
further extension of Wood worth's patent for
planing machines; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial of
William J. Appleby, clerk to the supreme court
and first district court of the United States, in
the Territory of Utah, praying an increase of
compensation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the petition of
Ambrose Lanfear, praying for the confirmation
of his title to certain lands in Louisiana; which
was referred to the Committee oil Private Land
Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of N.T.
West, late a passed midshipman m the Navy,
who was dropped in consequence of the recom-
mendation of the naval board, praying to lie
restored to his former position in the service;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Healso presented resolutions of the Legislature
of Massachusetts, in favor of a thorough reform
of the postal system of the United States; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of
William Haine, praying compensation for ser-
vices as an artist m the Japan expedition; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SLIDELL presented papers relating to
the establishment of a mail route from Harrison-
burg to Good Water, in the State of Louisiana;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, That Edward Harte have leave to %v1ihdiaw ins
petiuon and papers.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered. That the petition of the heir* of Joseph Pearson,
on the files of the tSenate, be reteried to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
Ordeied, That the petition ot AunaTonszue, heir ot John
Stewart, on the files of tin- Senate, be leiVued to tile Com-
mittee oil Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, it was
Ordered, That leave be si-anted to withdraw the petition
and papers of Bennett VV. Dole, heir-at-law of Enoch
Dole.
AMOS AND JOHN E. KENDALL.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That leave be «iven to Amos and John E Ken-
dall to withdraw from the files of the Senate ttic papers,
touching then claim against the United State*. tor money
alleged to have been wrongfully paid to the V*Vf(ein Cmn-
okee-, which woie presented to the J:t^t and
reported upon favorably bvtlie Senate Committee on Indian
Affair?., and that the el aim be, and hereby 1*. releried
to the Coun of Cl.unia.
POST ROAD IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following: resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Retolral, That the Committee on the i'ost Office and Post
Road? be msltacted to inquire into the expedient) o£ e-'.ab-
hshiris a post route horn llanisonbury. in Catahoula parish,
to Cold Water, in Winn parish, Louisiana.
NATHANIEL STEELE.
Mr. CLAY submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Retohei, That the Secretary of War be requested to fur-
nish the Senate witb copies of all papers and proceeding*
had thereon, relative to the claim of Nathaniel Steele, or his
heirs, who was ejected m 1836 from his improvement pur-
chased from John Gunter, a half-breed Cherokee, in the
county of Marshall, State of Alabama, by Captain Morrow,
acting under the command of Genera] Wool, m the removal
of the Cherokees.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the memorial of John G.
Watmough, submitted an adverse report; which,
was concurred in.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Silas Stockwell, submitted an adverse
report; which was concurred in, and ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Sally C. Northrop,
submitted an adverse report; which was concurred
ill, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, who were instructed by a resolution
of the Senate to inquire into the subject, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
"A6i) to amend the act entitled "An act to re-
. model the diplomatic and consular system of the
United States," approved March 1, 1855; which
was read twice by its title, and made the special
order for Monday next atone o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the report of the Sec-
retary of War, communicating a general map of
Florida, illustrative of the recent surveys for a
canal in that State, reported that the same be
! printed, and that three hundred additional copies
| thoivof be printed for the use of the WarDepart-
! nieut.
| Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
! vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of Laurent Millandon, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 3G9) for his relief;
! which was read, and passed to a second reading;
' and the report was ordered to be printed,
j Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
| Indian Affairs, asked to be discharged from the
i lurther consideration of the memorial of John M.
J Stanley, and the petition of James Taylor, in
behalf of certain Cherokee Indians in North Car-
olina; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED AND REFERRED.
The bill (S. No. 3G5) pi escribing the manner
in which the money appropriated by the act ap-
proved May 5, l'S54, m regard to the expenses
incurred by*the State of California in suppressing
Indian hostilities, shall be paid, was read the
second tune; and, on motion of Mr. Wkller,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
366) for the relief of John Rogers; which was
read the'first and second times by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
i\ir. TRUMBULL osked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
367) for the relief of William J. Appleby, clerk
of the supreme and first district courts of Utah
Territory; which was read the first and second
times by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
FERJN'ANDINA A PORT OF E.NTKT.
" Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 84)
presented by the "Senator from Florida, [Mr. Yu-
i.f.f.,] to establish a port of entry at Fcrnandma,
)11 the State of Florida, have directed me to report
it back with the recommendation that it do pass,
and to ask for its immediate consideration. It
appears that the port of entry is absolutely re-
quisite for the importation of railroad iron to con-
tinue the construction of a railroad now being
built to that port. It has been submitted to the
Secretary of the Treasury.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded. as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill, which proposes to create the county .
of ^asssu, in Fioiida, a separate collection dis-
trict, Fernandina being the port of entry: the
collector to receive the same compensation as the
collector at St. John.
The lull was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
