fe46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Hale.
Senate.
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr- Wilson,]
and the Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward.]
I do not know which of them the Senator from
Illinois means; but he says the leader has given
out (he word, and, parrot-like, it has been re-
peated here by every one of us wha has made a
speech. I do not remember everything that I
have said. No doubt I have said a great marry
foolish things; but I have no recollection of having
said, nor do I believe I ever did say, here or else-
where, what the public sentiment of Kansas was.
For myself, I have felt great solicitude on the
subject, and very little confidence. I have not
expressed, according to the best recollection that
I can form, any opinion about hoW the state of
public opinion was in that Territory. 1 have had
hopes and 1 have had fears; but I confess that,
from the moment this controversy was first started,
•when the proposition wasfirst made to repeal the
Missouri restriction against slavery in this Ter-
ritory, my fears have always exceeded my hopes—
especially so in reference to the action of Con-
gress.
■ I have endeavored to interpose no factious de-
lay; but, having opinions and having judgments
different from the majority, let me ask by what
right does any man undertake to charge that,
because I do not think with him on the subject,
I desire to continue the reign of murder, of arson,
and of theft? The honorable Senator seems to
speak as if these crimes had been committed by
those who are attached to the party with which
he classifies me.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Unouestionably. They have
been as much committed by the free-State party
as by the other side.
Mr. HALE. Inthe honorable Senator's speech
■which he made to-day, he did not speak of any
ether at all. He spoke of these murders having
been committed by the free-State men. I do not
know but what they may have committed them.
I have not, however, so read the history of the
Territory. I have read it in the other way. I
understood that the murgjjK# and arsons and thefts
which hav* been committed there, vastly pre-
ponderate on the other, side. I understand the
fact to be, that individuals wno were concerned in.
some of the murders which have been notorious
in that Territory—I think those of Brown and
Barber—instead of being free-State men, were
themselves officers of the Territory, holding com-
missions in their pockets; and instead of any
reproof having been administered to them by the
Executive of the Territory, or the Executive of
the United States, it has been no impeachment
of their official standing with those gentlemen.
Mr. DOUGLAS. What officers under the
Government committed those murders of which
you spoke? What officers are they? Who are
they? What office did Brown or Barber hold
under the Government?
. Mr. HALE. Neither of them held any office;
but I understand the history to be, that some of
those who were engaged in murdering them did
hold office under the Government.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should like to understand
where the evidence of that fact is.
Mr._HALE. I took it from the newspapers.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is easy to make general
charges that "I understand so and so," but I
should like to know what man will pretend or in-
timate that an officer of the Government commit-
ted murders. If so, let us know who he is, that
he may be visited with punishment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The report of the House
investigating committee which went to Kansas,
states that the treasurer of one of-the counties
was aiding and assisting in killing Brown; that he
was afterwards on the grand jury; and he was
examined before the commission, and he states
that no indictments were found. These facts
appear in the report.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The point is, then, that a
partisan committee overruled the findings of a
grand jury. The grand jury have found that the
report of the committee is false, as I understand-
the grand jury found that this man was not en-
gaged in the transaction at all; but two members
of the committee out of three report that they
heard he was.
" . Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator misunder-
stood me if he understood me to say that the
grand jury had found that this person was not
engaged in the transaction at all. The grand
jury did not investigate the matter—did not look
into it, as-is admitted by the man himself before
the committee.
Mr. HALE. That is one of the cases. I have
not the papers before me,and I am called on sud-
denly to answer a broad charge; but I claim this
for myself: I claim that I have never, here or
elsewhere, in any speech, remark, or conversa-
tion, at any time, said or done anything in refer-
ence to the controversies in Kansas, by which
any man has a right to charge me with a desire
to continue murder, arson, and larceny, in that
Territory or elsewhere. If I know myself—if I
know anything at all of the purposes which
impel me to action, I would sooner sacrifice my
right hand, or my life, than seek political prefer-
ment for myself, or any party with which I act,
by any such connections. I am utterly at a loss
to know where the honorable Senator could have
gone to find it in his heart to make such an accu-
sation against something like one fifth of the
gentlemen who are associated with him on this
floor. Does he believe it? Does he believe that
one fifth of the representatives of the States of
this Union, here on this floor, are governed by
such base and dishonorable motives in their
public career as unfit them for the society of gen-
tlemen, unfit theift for the place which they
occupy, and consign them morally and legally to
the felon's cell, or the gallows? because, if a man
incites or countenances, or desires, and by his
acts manifests that he desires the continuance or
the execution of any of those crimes, he is not
^only in morals, but in law, as guilty as the man
who strikes the blow, and more so. Nay, sir,
the judgment of an honorable court in one of
our New England States, not long ago, was that
if an individual, when a murder was about being
committed, placed himself in a situation by which
he might in any manner aid the party wno was
to commit it,or shield him from the consequences
of it after it was committed, or give an alarm by
which he might be interrupted in the commission
of it, or in any way put himself in a position to
encourage the heart or strengthen the hand of
the man who committed the murder, he himself
was guilty of murder—he himself committed it,
; and struck the blow; and upon that very law, the
prisoner then at the bar expiated his crime by
nis life on the gallows. And if one of these
gentlemen is guilty of the crime, with which they
are here charged, of inciting murder in Kansas,
they are unworthj' of a place on this floor, and
their proper place is in the felon's cell of this
District, or some other position where they can
be brought to condign punishment.
Now, sir, I appeal to the Senator himself, with
whom, so far as 1 jpow, I have always had kind
personal relations, and I ask him if anything is
to be made on this floor by such a course of argu-
ment—no, sir, not argument; it is not worthy of
the name; but I ask is anything to be made for
the cause which he advocates by thus arraigning
the motives of those who happen to differ from
him ? Sir, a great deal has been said about the
issue which is to go out to the country. Let me
tell the honorable Senator that I think on this
issue, to say the least of it, he will not succeed.
He may set.us down as vastly his inferiors in
talents. We plead guilty of that when he brings
the charge. He may charge us with being men
of humble aspirations. We plead guilty to that,
too; but when he charges upon us motives which
blacken our characters, which ought to render us
infamous with our own constituents, which ought
to make us a hissing and a by-word before the
civilized world, it seems to me that he transcends
the fair limits of debate and argument of this
floor. I do not know how that is, because as the
rules of the Senate have been, practically admin-
istered here since 1 have been a member of the
body, the only rule, and almost the only rule that
has been applied, has been that which every man
finds in his own breast, and that allows a pretty
wide latitude—wider in some than in others.
I have no sort of disposition to prolong or to
protract this discussion. 1 have said what I have
i said with a good deal of reluctance, because it
| looked to me to be a new era in the history of
1 the debates of the Senate. There have been
harsh things and hard things and cruel things
said before. I know I have had my full sh ue
of them. I came into the Senate eight or nine
years ago, when I seemed to be the only
point upon which"all the abuse that was uttered
in relation to the subject was centered, and 1
took it all upon my own head. It came hot and
heavy; but I was never before accused of being
a felon, or being guilty of arson or murder; but
I think that is the fair, legitimate inference from
the words which the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois has used in debate to-day, and as such I
protest against it. I certainly shall not retort
upon him by accusing him of any such thing,
but I want to state a little historical fact, and then
I shall leave him and the country to draw their
own inference.
Before the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
or before the repeal was attempted, it was fash-
ionable for almost everybody to congratulate ihe
country upon the happy degree of quiet and con-
tentment which pervaded the land, in conse-
quence of the great measures of peace and of
compromise, as they were called. I never be-
lieved in them; I never wanted to take any of the
credit that was due to those who established
them; but, sir, for good or for evil, they were
established; wise or unwise, they had succeeded
in an eminent degree in restoring peace to the
country. There were a few of us who did not
believe in them, who thought they were unjust;
but our voice Vas like the voice of those who
used to proclaim the Gospel in olden time—it was
the voice of one speaking in the wilderness, for
there were very few that gave any heed to such
declarations, because these great measures of
compromise were so popular.
That was the state of things in the country
when the last Congress came together. The Con-
fress preceding this found quiet all over the land,
'hey found peace; they found the great issues
which had distracted the country settled as they
were, and settled in such a manner, that it was
literally true, I believe, at that time, (though it
might not have been so true when the declaration
was made,) as Mr. Webster said, that there was
not a single foot of territory on the continent
where this great question was not settled by what
I think Mr. Webster termed an irrepealable law,
but it turned out not to be exactly so. It was, at
any rate, settled by law.
It is another historical fact that, when the Sen-
ator from Jllinois first reported the bill for the
government of the Territories of Kansas and Ne-
braska, he refrained, and the Committee on Ter-
ritories refrained, from disturbing the state of
things as it was then established, and gave as a
reason for it that the Congress of 1850, when they
established their compromise laws, had, with
great wisdom, refrained from disturbing this ques-
tion. The report went on to say that some be-
lieved the Missouri compromise was constitu-
tional, and some unconstitutional, as in 1850 some
believed the Mexican laws repealed slavery in
the Mexican Territories acquired in 1848, and
others that they did not; but as the Congress of
1850 refrained from disturbing them, so he re-
frained, and the committee did not deem it wise
to recommend to the Senate to disturb the Mis-
souri compromise, but to leave it as it was. That
was the first report which was introduced. But
a change came over the councils of the land, and
then it was proposed that the Missouri compro-
mise should be repealed. It was repealed.
.Now, sir, will any one undertake to say that
the violence which reigns in Kansas is not a con-
sequence of that repeal ? Will any one say that
it has not followed, and followed swiftly, and that
if the compromise had not been repealed these
scenes of violence would not have tak^|i place
there? Then, sir, without transcending the lair
limits of debate—without going into the ra"Se
of personalities—may I not arraign before the
public opinion of this country—may I no ar-
raign before the bar of the civilized world—may
I not arraign before the forum of his own con-
science, every man who voted to disturb that
great measure of peace ? And when the heavens
are lighted with the burning fire of the dwellings
which have been burned in that Territory, and
when murder and arson have been committed
there may I not, before all these tribunals, arraign
