I856.j
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
the men who voted for jthat measure, and say to
them, when the guilty one is called for, "Thou i
art the man!" Yea, sir; and when the conse-
quence of this legislation is continued in exactly |
that state of things in Kansas to-day, and when ;
that disorder reigns there which all admit, and <
the Question is asked who is responsible for it,
may I not, before these same high tribunals .arraign
the man who gives countenance to the party
which would sustain the jpower that has done
these things, and is now doing them, as guilty of
sus'taining the very state of things which the
Senator charges upon me personally? Sir, to
this charge, before any tribunal by which it can
be tried, I plead not guilty. If there be blood
there, I wash my hands of it. If there be dis-
orders there, I appeal to the history of my life
here and elsewhere; I appeal to the judgment of
the land—I do not wait for posterity—I appeal to
the judgment of the living, to those who surround
me—and I am not afraid of the judgment of those
who are to come after me—to say at whose door
lies this shame, and this sin, and this reproach?
Sir, when the flames of those burning dwell-
ings have painted hell on the sky in vivid flames
over your head, so that all nations may see it,
and a picture is drawn which all time shall not
efface as long as history preserves the records of
what we are now doing, that light shines in con-
sequence of no act of mine. No mourning widow,
no orphans that have been made orphans by the
hand of violence in Kansas, can bring any re-
proach against me for anything which has oc-
curred there. But, sir, I charge, and the charge is
fair and legitimate, that the state of things which
exists there to-day exists as the natural, legiti-
mate consequence of that system of policy which
was inaugurated when this time-honored com-
pact was disturbed and broken down—when that
ancient landmark of liberty was taken up; and
to-day this country is reaping some of the curses
which Inspiration has denounced against those
who remove the old landmarks.
That is the way I look at the question. I have
sfcid this in no spirit of unkindness. I have said
it in no spirit of retaliation. God, who knows
my heart, knows that personal conflicts and con-
troversies are not in accordance with my tastes
and feelings; but it is not in human nature, it is
not in man, standing in this place, conscious of
the integrity of his purposes, however mistaken
may have been his judgment, to be arraigned as
the honorable Senator from Illinois has arraigned
us here to-day before the Senate, before the
country, and before the world, as guilty of these
great crimes.
This issue is being made up, and I am glad of
it. This controversy hastens to a close,and God
knows, if it must come, I €o not regret it. I
would rather meet it in my day than leave it to my
children. Upon that issue it must go before the
country; and I think the honorable Senator has
done something to-day to put it.in a distinct and
vivid light before the people. It cannot be winked
out of sight, and it will not be. It is not in the
power of sophistry to cover it up. It is not in
the power of bold denunciation to mislead the
judgment. It is not in the power of the vitu-
perative accusations whigh have been brought
against the small band who have stood here in
behalf of the rights of humanity, "to mislead,
deceive, or lead astray the great public mind of
this country. I accept that issue. Upon that
"issue we will go to the country. It is not for me
to anticipate what the result or the verdict will
be. I am not going to anticipate; but before I
sit down I will say a single word upon a subject
on which I meant to say something yesterday
when I then occupied the floor.
The honorable Senator from Illinois, and those
who act with him, have had very much to say
about the great principle of popular sovereignty
which is vindicated by the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
Popular sovereignty, when it began to be talked
about in this connection, in that section of the
country from which I come, was supposed to
mean that the people of the Territories, acting
through their Legislature, had the right at any
time to introduce or exclude slavery, to establish
or abolish it. That is now abandoned. It is
contended now that that means popular sover-
eignty; but the great principle of popular sover-
eignty which is meant by those gentlemen who
inaugurated the new system of politics with the
repeal of the Missouri compromise is, that every
State when it comes into the Union shall have a
perfect right to frame its own institutions and
constitution in its own way, without anybody to
hinder or molest it. Now I appeal with all con-
fidence *o the Senator from Illinois—1, appeal to
the Senate of the United States—I appeal to the
country—I appeal to every citizen of every State
in the United States, and I ask him to put his
finger on that State of the whole thirty-one now
in the Union which has not come into the Union
in the precise exercise of that very popular sov-
ereignty, which it is said it is the purpose of this
system to inaugurate. If there is any one of the 1
thirty-one States that has formed its constitution
under constraint or restraint, in God's name let
I us wipe it out. If there is any Senator here on
! this floor, the representative of any one of this
Confederacy of thirty-one States, who is ready
now to make complaint that his State has not en-
joyed to its fullest and most unlimited extent this
great doctrine of popular sovereignty, let him get
up and speak. What free State is there that is
free by compulsion ? Which State is there that
has abolished the institution of human slavery
within its limits, that has not done so by its own
free accord, in its own time, in its own way, and
without any- external pressure from anybody?
What State is there in the Union which tolerates
the institution of slavery; what State is there
which believes the institution of slavery to be
conducive to its prosperity, politically, socially,
commercially, or agriculturally, that has not ex-
ercised its own free, unbiased judgment in deal-
ing with it just exactly as it pleased ? I believe
not one. Here are the representatives of all the
States; and if there be one, or has been one,
from the time of the adoption of the Federal
Constitution in 1789 up to the present moment in
1856, that has not enjoyed this unlimited right
of popular sovereignty as it is now explained, let
him speak.
No, sir, there is riot one. Then the doctrine
of popular sovereignty, if f understand it, has
evaporated into an unmeaning nothingness. Ithas
evaporated into a declaration that Kansas shall
do—what? Just exactly what Illinois did, just
exactly what Ohio did, just exactly what Ala-
bama did, just exactly what every other State
did; that is, formed its constitution in its owrt
way; and if it had, and preferred slavery, con-
tinuing it, or if it had it not, prohibiting it, on
coming into the Union, or at any other time
it saw fit. I am for popular sovereignty, and
always have been, and always will be, if that is
what it means; but it is well known to those
whom 1 address, especially so is it known in the
northern section of the country, that " popular
sovereignty" has been understood to mean a very
different thing. It has been contended that the
power existed in the people of a Territory, by
their Legislature, at any time, to do what it is
now Conceded, and never was disputed, they
might do when they came into the Union.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have a word to say on the
subject of popular sovereignty, inasmuch as the
gentleman from New Hampshire has brought it
into the debate. He certainly could not have
been here the other night, or else he is very for-
getful, when he says the doctrine is now aban-
doned—that the Legislature of a Territory has
the right to legislate on this subject of slavery,
in obedience to the Constitution. Did not the
distinguished Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
affirm that right in debate the other night? Did
not the honorable Senator from Connecticut-[Mr,
Toucey] vindicate that right in the same debate?
Did not the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pbgh]
avow and defend the same doctrine ? Did I not
do the same thing in that debate, in language so
explicit and unequivocal, 'that no man can be
excused for misunderstanding it ? Did not every
Senator on this side of the Chamber, without
one exception, who spoke on the subject, dis-
tinctly avow and defend the same doctrine ? And
yet, in the face of all these avowals in the last
debate which has occurred on the subject, we
are told by the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hale] that the doctrine is abandoned.
Abandoned! when, and by whom? Certainly
not by its advocates. The doctrine was unani-
mously affirmed by the National Democratic Con-
vention at Cincinnati, and .now form3 a funda-
mental article in the creed of the party as
officially promulgated. This is all I have to say
, upon that point.
| The Senator from New Hampshire says he is
in favor of popular sovereignty so far as to allow
the people of each Territory to decide the slavery
question for themselves when they form a con-
stitution preparatory to their admission into the
Union. 1 am glad to hear this avowal. I am
\ sure it will astonish his political associates as
| much as it does his opponents. He complains that
1 should have intimated that he and his political
I friends were opposed to allowing the people to
decide the question for themselves when they
seek admission into the Union. I did suppose
| that the unanimous and determined opposition
of the whole Abolition party, including the Sen-
ator himself, to the bill under consideration-, jus-
tified such a declaration.
The whole object of the bill is to protect the
: people of Kansas in the undisturbed exercise of
their right to form a constitution to suit them-
selves, and to come into the Union with slavery,
or without it, as they shall determine in their
constitution. If he and his party really believe
in the doctrine which he now avows, he and they
are bound to vote for the bill under discussion.
Sir, if he is in favor of allowing each State to
come into the Union with or without slavery, as
it pleases, he belongs to a political party whose
crieed declares "no more slave States in this
Union under any circumstances. Your party is
pledged never, " as long as the sun shall shine, or
water shall run, or grass grow," to admit another
slave State into this Union, whether the people
want slavery or not. Is not that the position of
your party ?
You run a candidate pledged to do an act which
you deem it unfair and unjust for us to charge on
yourselves. You belong to, and cooperate with,
a party unanimously pledged to do an act which
you admit to be unconstitutional. Your party
stands pledged, by every obligation which can
bind men's honor, never to admit anymore slave
States, while you declare on the floor of the
Senate that every new State has a right to come
into the Union with or without slavery, as its
own people shall determine for themselves. If'
you hold the sentiments which you now declare,
you cannot and dare not vote for the Republican
ticket, which is pledged against that very prin-
ciple ; nor could you be in favor of the restoration
of the Missouri restriction, which prohibited
slavery not only while a Territory, out " for-
ever, in the country over which it extended.
So much for the views of the Senator from New
Hampshire on popular sovereignty!
But the Senator says I have charged him with
certain crimes, and he is grieved that I should
have supposed he could be guilty of such grave
offenses. The charge consists in my having held
him responsible for the natural consequences of
every speech he has made in Congress during this
session, if not for several years past. We were
told yesterday, by the same Senator, that it was
but fair and legitimate to hold a Senator respons-
ible for the natural consequences of his own acts.
Here is what he said:
" The Senator from Illinois complains that it has been
represented that there was an intention, a desire, a pur-
pose, by the legislation of Congress, to make Kansas a slave
State. Mr. President, I have been educated to believe in
the wisdom of that maxim of the common law, which says
tHat a man intends the natural consequences of his act. ft
is not for a man to take a gun and fire into a crowd, and
say he did not mean to hurt anybody. The law says he
intended the natural consequences of his act."
Following that line of argument, the Senator
assumed the responsibility of charging me wipi
the personal intention of creating a slave State in
Kansas in direct contradiction to my own lan-
guage on this floor. He had heard me deny that
such was the intention of the bill, or of those who
voted for it. He had heard me declare that the
intention was to leave the people there, free to
form a slave State or a free State, as they should
see proper; but in, the teeth of my declaration,
and in direct opposition to the terms of the bill,
he took upon himself to charge me with an intent
to do what he thought would be the result of the
