1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10.
necessary for the administration of the duties of
the Indian agencies. Itwill be remembered that
the Treasury Department has occasion to employ
traveling agents to go among the distant deposit-
ories of public money and officials, to see that
the duties of their offices are correctly discharged.
The Land Office also has occasion to resort to the
same kind of agents. The present law authorizes
the appointment of just such agents, with just
such auties, in the Post OfHce Department, who
are always enforcing and observing the working
and administration of the Department in Terri-
tories so distant from the seat of Government as
to be beyond the supervision of the head of the
Department; and, of course, to that extent free
from any Mnd of responsibility.
The same evil has been found to appertain to
the administration of the affairs of the Indian de-
partment in the distant Territories. The project
has received the sanction of the head of the de-
partment, who recommends it with great earnest-
ness of purpose, and has called my attention
frequently to the absolute necessity of the crea-
tion of an office of this kind.
I have not felt myself authorized to submit the
propositions to the Senate without something of
hesitation and reluctance, because it is to create
anew office entirely, and one heretofore unknown
to the constitution of the Indian department; but
I am satisfied that it is necessary, and will enable
the department hereto enforce a proper respons-
ibility among its distant agents and superintend-
ents of Indian affairs. I am satisfied that it will
also conduce greatly to the obtaining of correct
information; for perfect as may be the theory of
responsibility 011 the part of those distant officials
to the head of the department, and as perfectly
as that responsibility may be apparently carried
out, I think there ought to be a confidential agent
of the department who can visit the officials at
then place of residence, and their offices, and
look occasionally at the manner in which they
disburse the public moneys, and administer the
affairs of the department within their various ju-
risdiction, and report them to the department
here.
At present we know that Congress legislates
entire!}- from the information winch is collected
by the head of the department, who resorts
again to the reports of die officeis in the distant
Territories of the United States. The consc-
queues: is, that any malfeasances or departures
from the duties of those oJHcers are never brought
to light. The legislation is based entirely on their
own representations. In the administration of
the other Deportments of the Government it has
been found necessary to resort, to the employ-
ment of such agents as these. They have become
a fixture 111 the Post Office Department, the
Treasury Department, and the Land Office.
Whatever necessity there may be for the em-
ployment of them in tiic other Departments of
the Government, I think the Senate will bear me
witness that there is a still greater necessity for
their employment in the Indian department. The
proposition", although novel, I think ought to be
favorably received by the Senate.
Sir. RUNTHIt. 1 am opposed to the unneces-
sary multiplication of officcs, and the unnecessary
increase of patronage here. I do not see any
necessity for the creation of this new additional
office. It seems to 111c that whenever an investi-
gation 01" this sort is required, it might.be had by
means of a sccret agent, to be sent and paid out
of the appropriation for the contingencies of the
Indian department. We already have an appro
pridtion for contingencies of the Indian depart-
ment to the amount of $36,500; another for inci-
dental expenses. Out of this the department
might provide, whenever it is necessary, for send-
ing a secret agent, who would certainly be much
better than a, man whose open and notorious
business it was to look into these matters, to in-
vestigate the conduct of any particular officer. I
think v,-e ought to stop the unnecessary increase
of offices, and this seems to ma to be one for
v,!' :eh there is no sort of occasion.
oil. SEBASTIAN. I believe that probably
one of the first acts of the present Secretary of
the Treasury, after his induction into officc, was
to tljscouiitVtajioe the employment of secret
ayntc. It w<-s found that the secrecy of these
agmts hau probably led to more abuses than they
were calculated to arrest. As to the publicity of
it, the Post Office Department and the Land Office
employ public officials to go out in the discharge
of a duty which is well known, and the results
of that are very favorable to the administration
of those Departments. If public agents can be
employed by those Departments, I do not see
why they cannot be by the Indian department.
Secret agencies have, I think, been very properly
abolished by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
I but preserved the analogy which obtains in the
other Departments by making this a public offi-
cer, with prescribed public duties.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it will be found, if
the experience of the Departments were con-
sulted, that they all employ secret agents. I have
seen it said lately, in a clever book written by one
of our special agents of the Post Office Depart-
ment, Mr. Holbrook, that Mr. Cave Johnson,
when he first came into office, thought they were
unnecessary; and yet, when he went out, there
was no man who valued the services of such offi-
cers more. At any rate, whether they are to be
secret or public, here is an appropriation which
furnishes means enough, and there is no necessity
for creating this additional office.
Mr. ADAMS* I agree with the Senator from
Virginia in the opposition which he has mani-
fested to the creation of offices. The Senator
from Arkansas attempts to sustain this amend-
ment on the ground that the Treasury and the
Post Office Departments have similar employes.
The fact that they have those employs, without
showing that they have been beneficial to the
public service, is no argument to my mind. My
own opinion is, that special agents have been
serviceable to the Post Office Department; but in
the Treasury Department it is furnishing a sort
of charity office, to be given to particular friends
to spend their time in riding over the country, and
visiting and examining different offices. The re-
ports made to the Department have not been, in
my opinion, of any advantage to the country.
This is merely creating an office without any cor-
responding advantage to the public. I see no
benefit to result to the country by these agents,
and therefore I shall vote with the Senator from
Virginia. _ |
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
blank in the amendment, in reference to the
amount of salary, which should be filled.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to insert ยง2,500.
The motion was agreed to; and the amendment
as amended was rejected.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend-
ment to offer as a new section:
Jind he it further enacted, That the Secretary-of the Inte-
rior be authorized and required to cause an investigation to
be had of llie claims for depredations by Indians 111 the 'iVr-
ntoiy of New Mexico, and report to the lie vl ' e--iori of
Confess, or as -non as pincueable, the facts 111 each ea^e,
and particularly enumoiating such as come witlun the pio-
vi-ion& of tlie into]course law, and foi winch, in lus opinion,
indemnity should be provided by Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me the Secretary
is already authorized to make such inquiries. I
do not see why he should have special power to
do so. We misiht leave that to his discretion.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. There is a very large
amount of claims which are supposed to arise
under the provisions of the intercourse law in
the Territory of New Mexico. Some of them
have been placed on the files of the committee,
and some m the department of Indian Affairs;
but all of them have received no action at the
hands either of the department or of Congress.
The provisions of the intercourse law contem-
plate, when proof is made of depredations, that
the President of the United States shall take
steps to obtain satisfaction or indemnity from the
Indian tribes, and if he fails, or if they have
not any annuities arising under treaties with the
Government, out of which indemnity can be
paid, the Government guaranties an ultimate in-
demnity. But the great difficulty has been that
many of these claims were of such a questiona-
ble character, that neither of the Committees on
Indian Affairs of either House of Congress, nor
the Commissioner, has thought proper to take
any definite action on them. These claims are
very large in amount, and are still becoming
larger. Like all other claims of this character,
as they grow old they become larger. I think it
is wise and prudent to enable the Commissioner
to take some steps in time to make a discrimina-
tion and classification of those claims which he
may think well proven and established, and which
are within the provisions and the spirit of the
intercourse law, and to reject those which he
thinks are not entitled to indemnity under the
provisions of the seventeenth se.ction of that law.
I know of nothing else which can be done but
to give him the power, and he thinks he needs
legislation for that purpose. It involves no
appropriation, and contemplates the employ-
ment of no other means than those already at his
disposal.
I propose this, therefore, as the only disposi-
tion to which it appears to me, under the circum-
stances of the case, we can resort, to enable us to
do something, when we are under obligation to do
something in reference to these claims. There is
no doubt that many of them are of questionable,
and some probably of baseless, foundation alto-
gether; but it is notoriously true, and the news-
papers bring us accounts of depredations there
almost every day, that some of them are good
claims. Those which are good the Government
is under obligations to indemnify and pay. It is
to allow us the best means that I can conceive of
at present to enable us to distinguish between
good and bad claims, that the Committee on In-
dian Affairs have presented ,the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not see that it is incum-
bent on us to appoint a commission to hunt up
claims against the United States.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is not to appoint a com-
mission. These claims are already m the hands
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and this
is to enable him to discriminate between them.
Mr. HUNTER. These claimants, like all
others under the intercourse act, ought to be able
to prove their claims. If they do, they will be
paid; and if not, they ought not to be paid. I
do not see that we ought to appoint a commission
for the purpose of assisting them to establish
claims against the United States.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator from Vir-
ginia mistakes the object of the amendment alto-
gether. It is not to enable the Commissioner to
fortify claims, but to protect the Government of
the United States. These claims are proved ac-
cording to law already, and it is to enable the
Government to obtain the other side of the testi-
mony that this authority is sought to be conferred.
The Senator from Virginia will see that, by con-
ferring this authority, the superintendent of In-
dian affairs in New Mexico will be called upon,
without incurring any additional expense, to
report and obtain evidence favorable to the United
States in reference to these matters. As to forti-
fying these claims, they are already good accord-
ing to the forms of the law, and the older they
get the better they will become under the forms
of law. This is a measure conservative of the
interests of the country, and not calculated to lay
the Treasury open to being pillaged under the
forms of law. It is to provide against that, and
to anticipate the consequence which the Senator
knows from the character of these claims will
certainly arise if they are not disposed of now,
while the Government is able to obtain evidence
of their true character.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear the
amendment again read.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. HUNTER. IIow can he do this without
an additional appropriation ? How is it to be
done ? By a commission r
Mr. SEBASTIAN. *By instructions to Gov-
ernor Merriwether.
Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw my opposition.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend-
ment, which explains itself:
Jind le it fm ther enacted, That the third section of the
act making appropnation for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian ih-partment. and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, appioved March 3,
1M5, he, and the same is heieby, *o modified and amended
as to limit the authority of the Secretary of the Interior to
caiwe to be paid the sum of ,$53 33 to such individuals only
ot the North Carolina Chciokees as aie embraced in the
roll of John C. Mullay, and who may be living at the time
of payment provided for in the said section of said act:
Provided. That nothing herein contained shall be construed
to repeal anv provision in f-aid act.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear that
again. We have paid a good deal of money to
these Cherokecs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Perhaps I had better ex-
plain to the Senator. It is within his recollection,
