1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
849
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
aistency by saying, " You were opposed to the
bargain in the first place, and now you are op-
posed to breaking it — what an inconsistent
wretch!"
Sir, the free States complained of the Missouri
compromise because they got so little by it in 1820.
In 1854 they objected to its abrogation because
they lost what little they had got. That is it.
When an attempt was made to run this line to the
Pacific ocean, it was voted for, 1 think, by nearly
every representative of the southern States in the
Senate. When that proposition was made in
1850, I think it was adopted by the Senate. I
voted against it because I thought we had enough
of 36° 30'. I voted against it because I was not
willing then, and am not willing now, to admit,
by any act of Congress, that there shall be per-
mission given to establish slavery anywhere.
That was the ground I took then, and it is the
ground I take now. I am not willing by any'
word or vote of mine to consent to an act of the
National Legislature establishing slavery any-
where north or south of 36° 30'. That compro-
.mise was upon us. It was upon us, not by my
consent, not by my vote, not with my approba-
tion; but being upon us I wanted to hold on to
what little advantage it gave us, and I was not
willing to divide the other Territory by that line.
That is the whole explanation which I have to
offer as to that matter.
Mr. STUART. The Senator will allow me to
ask him whether he did not vote yesterday for
the very language of the Missouri compromise,
when proposed by the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] as an amendment to thd bill?
Mr. HALE. I do not understand that I did.
That was to prohibit slavery.
Mr. DOUGLAS. North of 36° 30'.
Mr. STUART. It was in the very language
of the Missouri compromise.
Mr. HALE. I voted for the amendment. But
the Senator from Michigan does not want me to
tell him or anybody else, that when a man sees a
bill which he thinks is a bad one about to pass,
he will propose amendments in the hope of making
it as nearly unexceptionable as possible, reserving
to himself the right to vote against the bill when
amended, if he chooses to do so.
Mr. STUART. No, sir; I only asked the
question as a response to the Senator's statement,
that by no vote or act of his would he do any
such thing.
. Mr. HALE. I say so now. I voted against
the extension of slavery in every form in which
the question presented itself. I voted to abrogate
the Kansas Legislature and the Kansas laws. I
.voted for the prohibition of slavery in the language
of the amendment of the Senator from Vermont;
but I did not vote for any bill with it in. I trust it
is no equivocation and no want of fair dealing for
any man to say, that in such a state itis perfectly
legitimate to offer an amendment, when, if the
amendment were adopted, he would vote against
the whole bill. That has been done every session
since I have been on the floor of the Senate, and
it is a perfectly fair mode. In the other House I
offered an amendment to the bill for the admission
of Texas, not because I was in favor of the prop-
osition, but because, if the measure was to pass,
I desired to have it made as unexceptionable as
possible. I should have votedagainst the measure,
even if my amendment were adopted. The amend-
ment was to divide the Territory by the meridian
of 100° of west longitude, and to prohibit slavery
on one side of that line. I offered it fortheporpose
of having the bill made as perfect as I could get
it, if it were to pass, or making it objectionable
enough to be defeated. This was a fair and legit-
imate mode of defeating it. I did the same thing
In regard to this bill by voting for the amendment.
If this bill were to pass, I preferred it with the
amendment. Besides, there is no portion of this
Territory which lies south of 36° 30', and there-
fore it could not apply to that.
Mr. BROWN. There is a small fraction of
territoiy south of the line.
Mr. STUART. There is an organized portion
of territory south of 36° 30'.
Mr. HALE. I know that; but th,e amendment
related to Kansas; and the boundaries to be affected
by the amendment for whichl voted were between
the thirty-seventh and fortieth parallels of north
New Series—No. 54.
latitude. I voted to prohibit slavery there. Now,
how can the Senator from Michigan say that that
was voting for the Missouri compromise, or any-
thing like it?
Mr. STUART. If the Senator will refer to
the proceedings of yesterday he will see that the
amendment was drawn in the very language of
the Missouri compromise, providing that slavery
should be prohibited north of 36° 30'.
Mr. HALE. I have not the amendment before
me, but I do not think it is so.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. But this bill
did not affect territory south of 36° 30'.
Mr. HALE. The amendment, I think, ap-
plied only to the territory between 37° and 40°,
for those are the boundaries of Kansas, and there
was no territory south of 36° 30' to be affected
by it. But, sir, on any account, I do not feel the
'least blame on that score, whether it was worded
in one form or another. The bill related to ter-
ritory which all lies north of 37° north latitude;
and the proposition for which I voted was in the
shape of an amendment which does not in any
sense obligate the man who offers it to vote for
or ajjainst the bill when amended.
Mr. STUART. I will read the amendment as
it is on the Journal:
" On motion by Mr. Collamer, to amend the reported
amehdment by adding thereto :
" And he it further enacted, That in all that territory ceded
by France to the United States, under the name of Louisi-
ana, which lies north of 36° 3W north latitude, and not in-
cluded within the State of Missouri, slavery and involun-
tary servitude otherwise than in punishment for crimes
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall be
and is hereby forever prohibited: Provided always, That
any person escaping into the same, from whom labor or
service is lawfully claimed in any State or Territory of the
United States,such fugitive may be lawfully reclaimed aiid
conveyed to the person claiming his or her labor or service
as aforesaid."
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was certainly not my
intention, when I made the few remarks which I
submitted fhis morning, in relation to the motion
to print, to give occasion to the debate which has
followed. I carefully avoided all allusion, by
way of argument, to the proceedings which had
taken place here in relation to the bill itself. If
anybody is responsible for this debate, I think it
must be the honorable Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Toucet,J who chose to avail himself of this
occasion to give us a retouch of the argument
which we heard yesterday, and upon previous
days. I think our friends in the majority have
no reason to complain of us for introducing this
discussion to-day. It has, however, taken such
a range, that I feel called upon to say a few words
in self-defense; although I do not design to enter
into the argument upon the general question, and
have had no such intention from the beginning;
because my opinion has been, that the question
must be fought before the people, and we should
gain nothing on either side by debating it here in
the manner in which it has been, and is likely to
be, discussed. Sir, I made a remark last week,
which I reiterated this morning; that I had my
own opinion with reference to the object of this
bill; and that opinion was, that the bill was de-
signed to make Kansas a slave State. I stated
that I entertained this opinion, and believed it to
be perfectly parliamentary to express it; because,
while I cannot with propriety single out any
Senator,and say: " Sir, you have motives which
you do not choose to avow," I have a right to
examine any measure, and to consider the sur-
rounding circumstances, its antecedents and con-
sequences, in order to form an opinion as to
what the result will be; and from that to infer
that such result must have been contemplated by
those who introduced and supported it. Such a
course of argument I believe to be perfectly par-
liamentary and logical.
For that remark, I have been alluded to,
among others, by the honorable Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas] who intimated, some-
what plainly, that Senators would have occasion,
from the course which he should adopt, to regret
having introduced a topic of that description, or
having adverted to motives. Sir, I suppose he
thought that his own severity of language, and
his own overpowering majesty of manner, were
such as to make us all feel very sorrowful when-
ever he chose to rebuke us. I wish to inform the
honorable Senator that, with all the respect I may
entertain for his ability as shown on this floor, I
do not feel very sensibly any rebuke coming from
him in relation to questions of this description,
and the opinions I hold in regard to them. My
respect for his ability is not at all enhanced by
the manner in which he chooses to express his
opinions, and the demeanor which he delights to
assume towards members on this side of the
Chamber, whether generally or individually.
Sir, I am opposed, always, to the use of un-
parliamentary language. I do not think it justi-
fiable to call gentlemen by names which they do
not wish to assume. If a party chooses to as-
sume a distinctive name, I do not think it either
parliamentary or becoming to apply an epithet
intended to be an epithet of reproach, or of deg-
radation, to the party having thus taken its name,
or to the individuals who use it. We call our-
■ selves Republicans. The honorable Senator
never speaks of us without calling us Black Re-
publicans. We call ourselves Republicans; he
never speaks of us without calling us Abolition-
ists. Here, on the floor of the Senate, in his own
peculiar manner, when he speaks to the body
with reference to us, he designates us as " the
,, Abolitionists on the other side of the Chamber,"
| taxing, for contemptuous bitterness, his very ex-
Eressive features, and thinking, I suppose, that
e wounds our sensibilities very deeply, and
places us in a very uncomfortable attitude. I
think, sir, the only attitude in which he places
anybody is one not creditable to himself.
I do not deal in epithets. If the gentlemen on
the other side of the Chamber choose to call them-
selves Democrats, I call them Democrats. I may
not be perfectly willing to agree that they are en-
titled to be considered Democrats, in the true
sense of the word, but that is the appellation by
which they choose to be distinguished, and I am
willing to allow them all the benefit they can de-
rive from it. I do not call you, sir, a speckled or
spotted, red or blue Democrat, but a Democrat;
and whether you are a good Democrat or not is
for you to settle with the country and with your
constituents, not with me. I would merely sug-
gest to gentlemen that it would possibly be quite
as well to let us be distinguished by the name we
selectfor ourselves, instead of amusing themselves
by trying to affix another which we do not choose
to assume. Understand me: I have no objection,
personally; it does not change my relation to my
country, or to my party, in any way; it does not
change the nature or character of that party. It
only shows that in the Senate of the United States,
which should be the highest body in the land in
manners as well as in ability, individuals may
sometimes forget the first principles recognized
in communication between gentlemen, and at-
tempt to eke out an argument by affixing what
are called nick-names upon parties and persons,
which they do not choose to recognize. If Sen-
ators think they can make anything of this, let
them do it; I shall not follow their example.
I stated, Mr. President, that I believe, as I do
believe, that the object of this bill was to impose
slavery upon Kansas. I believe that was the
object of the repeal of the Missouri compromise.
Why ? I believe it, in the first place, because no
other sensible reason can be giyen for .the repeal
of that compromise. If it was not designed—if
it was not supposed, that the effect would be to
make Kansas a slave State, why was it meddled
[ with at all ? Why not leave it as it wets ? By the
original compromise, slavery could not go north
of 36° 30.' If you did not wish it to go there—
if you did not suppose it might go there in con-
sequence of the repeal, why was the compromise
interfered with? What was the object ? Was it
to try a merely useless experiment? Was it that
a few words put upon paper, and passed through
the forms of legislation, were to establish a prin-
ciple? Gentlemen pretend to say that the ofcject .
was to establish the great principle of the right
of the people of the Territories to govern them-
selves. What necessity existed for promulgating
any such principle at that particular time, and for
the first time, if you did not believe it would
result in the manner I have supposed?
Mr. President, it cannot be forgotten that, when
this doctrine was first promulgated, it was received
with amazement—not to say derision—'■through-
out the country. It was denied both North and
