THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF
CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES,
WASHINGTON,
D. G.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 12, 185C
New Series....
No. 100.
as it is probably within that of most Senators
here, that in 1848 a law was passed by Congress
requiring the Secretary of the Treasury to take
an enrollment of North Carolina Cherokees, and,
when their number was ascertained, to set apart
a certain sum as a trust fund in the Treasury of
the United States for their benefit, to the amount
of $53 33, the aggregate of the commutation of
their claim for removal and subsistence, with
interest on that amount of money from time to
time; and whenever any one of them might choose
to remove to the West, it was to be paid or dis-
bursed by the Department to defray the expenses
of their removal. Under the provisions of that
law I believe sixteen Cherokees have emigrated
to the West. The rest have been citizens or
residents at least of the* State of North Carolina.
The Government has been paying interest on
that amount ever since. At the last session of
Congress it occurred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, that, inasmuch as the disbursement of that
interest being so small as it was to the Indians,
had become a public debt to the amount of fifty or
sixty dollars, it might as well be redeemed by pay-
ing them the principal in lieu of perpetual interest.
The Department recommended it, and made an
estimate for it; but when they came to pay off
the principal, it was found that a great many per-
sons had died who could not of course take under
the law. Their personal representatives, their
administrators, claimed, as coming to them for
purposes of general administration, this fund,
which was originally intended by the Govern-
ment only for removal.
It is now to relieve the Secretary of that doubt,
and the law of that ambiguity, by declaring that
the principal shall be paid only to those living
persons who could receive the interest, and who
could emigrate under the terms of the law, and
not to pay to those who arc claiming it in behalf
of the representatives of deceased persons on the
roll of Mullay. I see on my table, and. there are
before the Committee on Indian Affairs, many
memorials from the representatives^ of deceased
Indians, who are claiming from this commuta-
tion fund as payable to them. The Secretary of
the Treasury decided that they were not entitled,
under the spirit and terms of the law. The amend-
ment is to require the disbursement of that fund
in conformity to the decision of the Secretary
of the Treasury. Of course this is an answer to,
and equivalent to a refusal of, the memorials of
all those personal representatives who have asked
for the payment of the principal to them. That
is the operation and effect of the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer the following
amendment, which is also asked for by the Sec-
retary of the Interior:
Jlnd be it further cnacted, That the Secretary of the Tn-
lenor be, and he is hereby, authouzeJ and dircctcd to pay
the amount of $16,024 80, the unclaimed balance of the
Choctaw orphan fund, arising from sales of land® under the
nineteenth article-of the treaty of 1630, to tho Choctaw
national authorities, to aid m the establishment ot oiphan
nchool< and a^lums m thatnation, on condition, neveithe-
that saul nation shall retund at any time, on the demand
of the Seeretaiy of the Interior, such amount as may he
ncce^arv to pay any claimant, hw h#nrs, or assigns, \v no
nmv hereafter claim and establish a right to the same to the
satisfaction of the said Secretary.
In the payment of the Choctaw orphan fund,
which arose under the treaty of 1830 with tne
Choctaws, there was found an unclaimed balance.
I suppose the families, claimants of it, have become
extinct. There was found an unpaid balance
of nearly seventeen thousand dollars, which the
Choctaw Council desires, and the Department
recommends, should be invested in aid of estab-
lishing an orphan asylum in the Choctaw nation,
with the understanding, however, that they accept
that amountupon the condition, that if any future
claimant on the fund shall appear the Nation will
stand good for the satisfaction of the claim. The
Commissioner of Indian Affairs and the Secretary
of the Interior think this is a very good disposition
of that small amount of money; and that if the
Nation should not satisfy any claim which may be
brought against the tunu in behalf of orphans, the
J 100
United States Government holdsln its own hands
ample indemnity, having half a million trust funds
of the Choctaws to pay claims; so that there can
be no danger of compromising the United States.
They seek to apply it to the establishment of an
orphan asylum, as being a disposition nearer akin
to that made by the old treaty. As it is an orphan
fund, it would be more proper to devote it to the
same general purpose, as being in stricter con-
formity with the provisions of the treaty than any
other provision which could be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have one other amend-
ment, which will enable me to dispose of all the
amendments of the committee. It is to add the
following as a new section:
Jiml be it further enacted, Tliat the Secretary of the Inte-
rior be authorized to audit and pay the account ol' Mrs.
Bridget Maher, for board of North Carolina Indians who
visited the seat of Government on business with the Indian
Office, to an amount not exceeding the sum of $3j7 44:
Provided, That hereafter no expenses of delegations incurred
in visiting the seat of Governmentshall he paid, unless pro-
vided for by treaty, or by the order or instructions of the
Secretaiyot" the Interior.
This is not recommended by the department,
and that is the reason why I offer the amendment.
The usage of tho department has always been to
pay out of its contingent fund the expenses of all
delegations on the business of their tribe who
visit Washington city; but the claimant here,
Mrs. Maher, has always opened a hospitable door
to all Indians, with or without money, and lias
sometimes received compensation from the Gov-
ernment, but m this case has not. She has been
in the habit of boarding all the Indians when they
have frequently not been able to obtain board
any where else. When the application was made
to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to pay it,
he thought it did not come within the usage of
the department, and, on that technical ground,
declined paying it. The reason was, that these
North Carolina Indians, since the removal of the
Indians westward, have decided not to be a nation
ortribe; and although the persons who came here
represented, not only themselves, but large classes
of individuals, the Commissioner thought he was
not authorized to pay their entire expenses. I
believe he gave them enough money to go homo,
but declined paying their board bills. Under the
peculiar circumstances of the case, I think the
claimant should be paid the small amount of $300
which was the amount of her board bills against
these persons. It is coupled with a proviso which
defines the duty of tho department hereafter, and
will be equivalent to serving a notice on Mrs.
Maher not to trust the department hereafter. As
the amount is small, I hope the Senator from
"Virginia will let it pass.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope tho Senator from
Arkansas will withdraw the amendment. The
amount is small, but it is a private claim. I ask
for the judgment of the Chair on that point.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I do not think it is strictly
a private claim. It is decided by the Committee
on Indian Affairs that it ought to have been paid
out of the contingent fund of the department
under the usage. It is designed to be a correction
of what we tliink to be an erroneous judgment of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. I think it
was as good a claim on the contingent fund as
the expense of any oilier Indian tribe, and it is to
correct that mistake which induced the commit-
tee to ofl'er the amendment. If the view of the
committee be true, it constitutes avalid and legit-
imate claim against that fund. It is not, theie-
fore, a private"claim. . .
Mr. HUNTER. I think it is a private claim
against the Government. It is not founded on
any law, and the department does not recom-
mend it. It is recommended by the committee
only on equitable considerations. _
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It provides
for the payment of money to a private person,
and is a private claim, in the opinion of the Chair,
under the rules. .
Mr. SEBASTIAN.   Is the Chair of the opin-
ion that it is a private claim ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I submit to the opinion
of the Chair. I have no further amendments
from the committee to ofl'er.
Mr. POSTER. I move an amendment, to
come in as the first item of the heading " miscel-
laneous:"
: For carrying into effect the object of the act of March 3,
I 1819, making provision for the civilization of the Indian
j tribes, the sum of $-5,000, m addition to the sum specified
j in said act, to be expended in the manner provided m said
] act. *
Mr. President, by the act of March 3, 1819,
j there was a sum of §10,000 appropriated to the
! civilization of the Indian tribes. That sum was
j probably adequate for the purpose at that time;
i but since then it is quite apparent, I think, that a
i very great increase of amount for that object is
I necessary to be expended. The wants of the
Indian tribes in reference to civilization certainly
! are greater now than in 1819. I will not under-
j take to specify the particular tribes except one
individual tribe which is in my own neighbor-
[ hood—the Mohegan tribe of Indians, which is in
great want of a small appropriation, and which,
under this appropriation, in former years has had
a small amount, but has been cut off for some
years past in consequence of the very small sum
($10,000) appropriated for the whole United
States. I offer this as an addition for the purpose
of aiding this tribe, which is in need, and where
an appropriation will do great good. There is no
appropriation in the bill in my judgment that will
effect more good than this. I have stated my
amendment to the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Finance and also to the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
I hope to have their countenance in the matter;
and in addition, I ask that a letter from the hon-
orable Secretary of the Interior may be read.
Mr. HUNTER. It is unnecessary to read the
letter. Let us vote.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 do not ask to have it read,
if it is not desired.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will ask whether it is
competent, m this stage of the bill, to move to
strike out part of an amendment which has been
adopted ? I find that the Senator from Virginia
offered an amendment the other day in regard to
tho New Mexican Indians, and I want to strike
out the proviso to it. Is it now competent to
strike out part of that which has been incorpo-
rated by a vote of the Senate heretofore ?
Mr. HUNTER. It can be done when the bill
shall be reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot be
done at this stage. It can be done when the bill
shall have been reported to the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am directed by
the Committee on Military Affairs to offer the
following amendment as a new section:
dnd be it further enactei, That the Secretary of War be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay to Jean
Baptiste, Faribault, and Pelagic Faribault, his wife, the sum
of 812,000, with interest thereupon from tiie 12th of Marcli,
1839, m full payment of their claim to the island at the
confluence of the Mississippi and St. Pierre rivers, in ful-
fillment of a contract entered into for that puipose on said
12th day of March, 1839, between the Secretary of War
and the attorneys in fact of the said Fanbault and wife.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not that a private claim ?
It seems to me to be so.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think it
can be considered a private claim at all. It is
merely executing a contract mado by the Gov-
ernment under an act of Congress passed in 1839.
Congress passed a law directing the Secretary
of War to purchase the property from the Fan-
baults. He went on in execution of that com-
mand of the Congress of the United States, and
this is to make an appropriation to execute a law
which was passed by Congress in 1839. If there t
is any question about it, I will ask the Secretary
to read a report made by the Military Commit-
tee, which, I think, will satisfy the Senator
from Virginia, and everybody else.
