850
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. [ju|y 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
South,and hardly found an advocate in either sec-
tion. The South affirmed that settlers in a Terri-
tory had no power to prohibit slavery, and claimed
a constitutional right to hold slaves in any Ter-
ritory until the adoption of a State constitution
should otherwise determine. The North claimed
that Congress had all power over the subject-mat- ,
ter. I twill be recollected, sir, that every free State
in the Union, except Iowa,had passed resolutions
.against the extension of slavery over free territory,
and in favor of the Wilmot proviso. This doc-
trine of squatter sovereignty, then, found favor
nowhere. It had no advocate—no friend—and, in 1
my judgment, it deserved none. It involves too
many absurdities. It assumes that the people of
this Union have no power over their own property;
that a few settlers—located, under existing laws, '
upon land not their own, with a view to purchase,
become masters of the destiny of all about them—
may determine the value of the public domain,
■without the assent of Congress, by adopting in-
stitutions which may seriously and injuriously
affect that value—may so shape the character of
an incipient State as to make it a burden upon all
the others, instead of a new pillar in the national
edifice—may entail upon the country such calam-
ities as they please, unchecked by the people of
the country—may legalize crime, and may turn ,
a land of freedom and virtue into a citadel of op-
pression and wickedness at their pleasure. Sir,
the doctrine, as applied to new and weak settle-
ments, is absurd. I hold it to be the duty of this
Government to afford its protection to the Terri-
tories. The duty of protection implies a power
to govern. All governments have acted on" this
.principle from the creation of the world. Our
Government has mainly, and wisely, left the
power of passing local laws to the people of the
Territories, subject to the revision of Congress.
This restriction it had always exercised—undis-
puted—unquestioned; and this fact alone is a con-
clusive answer to the whole doctrine of squatter
sovereignty. If it exists at all, it must exist in
the whole. The power to make laws is not a
sovereign power if it has any superior.
But, Mr. President, notwithstanding the pre-
vious unpopularity of this doctrine, which no \
party had assumed, or incorporated into its
creed, yet, suddenly,when the Missouri restric-
tion was to be abrogated, it sprang into aewMfe:
it was at once vitalized. Southern gentlemen
discovered that the people of the slave States
had been suffering with constitutional wounds
for many years and northern gentlemen found
that the sovereign rights of the people had been
trampled upon from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment. This doctrine, sir, had become conve-
nient. It would answer a purpose, and was fit
for the occasion. The people were to shape their
institutions as they wished, and Congress was,
for the first time, relieved from all supervision
of territorial legislation. The settlers in Kansas
and Nebraska were apparently left in the exclu •
dive, unlimited exercise of popular sovereignty,
■o far as legislation was concerned.
Sir, I heid little faith then, and time has not
increased it, in these new revelations. They came,
touseacommon expression, wrong end foremost.
They did .not give birth to the act, but the act
gave birth to them. The Kansas and Nebraska
bill was not, in my belief, a consequence, but a
cause. The thing preceded the principle.
I affirm, Mr. President, that no recognition
of this doctrine is to be necessarily inferred from
the compromise measures of 1850. Such infer-
ence is an afterthought. And here let me say
to the Senator from Georgia, that he erred in
asserting that it was recognized by the Whig
convention of 1852, which nominated General
Scott. It is a mistake to suppose that that con-
vention acknowledged the power now claimed
for the people of the Territories, to form such '
institutions as they please, irrespective of any j
control by Congress. There was no such thing '
mi the platform adopted by the convention in 1852.
A1 they agreed to was, that the measures of 1850
which had been passed should be considered a
finality, and that there should be no further
excitement, if they could prevent it, on the subject
of slavery,
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator does not quote
tfee resolution correctly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I state the substance of
it, for I was a member of the convention, and also
a member of the committee that framed the reso-
lutions. I was opposed to that part of the plat-
form which related to this subject. It was pre-
sented originally by a southern gentleman in the
committee, and amended by another, a Mr. Scott,
of Virginia. I remember all about it. There is
no such principle in that platform as the Senator
from Georgia seems to suppose. It is a bare as-
sumption. By saying that it is an assumption,
I do not mean that the gentleman does not sup-
pose it to be as he states. Nor do I believe it
was incorporated into the Democratic platform
of that year. The Democrats merely resolved,
that there should be an end to the agitation of
slavery, and that the measures of 1850 were to be
considered a finality, and nothing more. Neither
of these conventions adopted the principle which"
the Senator has stated, and I hold that it was
never adopted anywhere until brought forward
here in order to afford an excuse for the repeal of
the Missouri compromise.
When, Mr. President, it is perfectly manifest
that there was no necessity for repealing that
compromise, unless it was designed and intended
that Kansas should be open to slavery, and when
the principle assumed as the basis of that repeal
had before been repudiated, laughed at, and de-
rided, North and South, from the time when it
was promulgated down to the time when it was
thus assumed, I may fairly conclude the object
and design of that bill could have been no other
than to afford an opportunity for the slave power
to get a footing in Kansas, and to place territory,
which up to that time had been free by the com-
promise of 1820, in such a position that slavery
might be enabled to overrun and appropriate it.
This opinion, sir, is strengthened by another
fact, which has, I believe, been els^Vhere ad-
verted to. I allude to the remarkable geograph-
ical boundaries of Kansas, which necessarily
place that Territory under the control of the slave
power. It will be recollected that the first bill
reported from the Committee on Territories em-
braced what now constitute both Territories—
Kansas and Nebraska. That scheme was aband-
oned, and a new bill introduced, as an amend-
ment, by which Nebraska was divided. How
wash divided? Equally? Not at all. By any
natural boundary? No; but by the fortieth par-
allel of north latitude. Why was this so done?
Observe, that by the first bill the Territory or-
ganized would abut, in part, upon the slave State
of Missouri, and for a greater distance upon the
free State of Iowa, and the free Territory of Min-
nesota. By the division the north line of Kansas
is made to fall below the north line of Missouri;
the whole eastern border of Kansas is exposed to
the border counties of Missouri, and no single inch
of it can be approached from free Territory. Had
the division been equal, or even natural, or con-
venient, It would have been less noticeable. But
that division was grossly unequal. Nebraska is
far the largest. A natural line would have been
the Platte river, but this would have left a small
portion of Kansas adjoining Iowa. Why, sir,
was the Territory of Kansas placed in the posi-
tion in which it was left by that bill ? Why not
take such a natural boundary line as the Platte
river—why, as subsequent events have proved,
except to enable the people of Missouri to master
the Territory, control its elections, and determine
its character ?
The developments afforded by the investigation
of the committee appointed by the House of
Representatives have shown another remarkable
fact, namely, that at the very time when that
bill was under discussion here—at the very time
when we were considering whether the Missouri
compromise should be repealed, societies were
formed in the State of M issouri to force slavery
into that Territory. Ttiis is stated as a fact. It
was testified to by members of the society.
Before a single movement had been made in the
East—before any society had been formed there
to aid emigration to Kansas—before the bill was
passed, that movement was made in Missouri,
which bounded the whole eastern line of Kansas
from north to south.
Do not all these facts go to show what the de-
sign of the original Kansas bill was—what the
design of the repeal of the Missouri compromise
was? When I speak of these facts which are
patent and palpable, and stand out as matter of
record and of history, am I required on all occa-
sions to be silent as to what it appears to me
must have been the object and manifest intention
of that bill? Is^ there any rule of parliament-
ary proceeding which demands it of me in any
shape or form ? If there is, as I make a point of
submitting to the rules, I shall refrain from say-
ing so in future; but until I am decided to be out
of order I shall speak, if I speak at all, what I
really think about the matter.
Let us come down a little further. What has
been the series of acts which has followed ? I
have spoken of the events which took place at
the time of the passage of the bill. I do not mean
to enumerate all those which have since occurred.
They have been spoken of over and over again
by gentlemen on both sides of the Chamber. Do
we not know that, from the beginning, Kansas
has been under the control of the neighboring
State of Missouri ? Will the Senator from Mis-
souri, with the evidence staring him in the face,
as it does, in the report of the House committee,
pretend to doubt that all the elections in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas have been controlled by Mis-
souri votes, or by the votes of foreigners ?
Mr. GEYER. If the Senator appeals to me,
I will say that I do doubt it. I admit that there
have been irregularities committed by both par-
ties, much greater than I apprehended in the first
instance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator says he
doubts it; and 1 believe him, because I have the
utmost respect for him, and feel satisfied that he
would not say what he did not think; but it is
strange to me that he can doubt. It only shows
to me that the fairest and most honorable mind
may be perverted by its wishes and its prejudices.
I take the testimony to be irresistible with regard
to the fact, that there has not been an election held
in the Territory of Kansas which has not been
controlled entirely by foreign votes and by fraud.
The Senator from Illinois asks, why do we
complain of this Legislature ? Why do we say
that the people of the Territory are not bound by
it? Because it was a usurpation. The Senator
will not say that I have taken any part in the
debate on this subject, for I have not been in a
I condition to speak upon it, and have not desired,
or designed, to do so. I must assert, however,
that I have not heard any one say that he coun-
seled violence, that he counseled resistance, that
he counseled bloodshed, that he counseled ra-
pine and crime in that Territory. When the
Senator from Illinois makes this charge he is
saying more, I think, than he'can prove by any
reported speeches which have been made by
any Senator on this side of the Chamber. What
we said, or intimated, and what I say now, is,
that the people of Kansas would be justified in
resisting laws thus forced upon them. I think
that if the people of Virginia should invade the
State of Maryland, and by force elect a Legisla-
ture, and pass laws, and seek to enforce them
upon the people of that State, the people of Mary-
land would be justified, on every principle, human
and divine, in resisting the execution of those
laws. Nobody, it seems to me, can doubt the
correctness of this proposition, as a general prin-
ciple.
What has been the result? The character of
the laws has been spoken of. Gentlemen in the
Senate have defended them. I have not yet heard
the first voice raised from a southern State which
seriously rebuked the proceedings in Kansas, or
seriously rebuked, or even lamented, the conse-
quences which have followed, so far as suffering
has been inflicted on the free-State men. I have not,
until recently, heard the first southern man object
to these laws. On the contrary, the Senator from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] defended them in all their
iniquity, and I believe the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] indorsed them. No southern
Senator raised his voice against them until the
honorable Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clay-
ton] averred, and proved, that they were an out-
rage upon human rights and upon humanity, and
at last the honorable presiding officer of this body
[Mr. Bright] appealed to the Senate, by its re-
gard for the Democratic party, and especially for
