1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
Mr. HUNTER. Is the only difficulty in the
■Way the fact that there is no appropriation?
M?. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the report be
read, and that will explain it all. It is for the
want of an appropriation. <
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, on the 23d of June
last:
The Committee on Military Jlffairs, to whom was referred
the memorial of Jean Bajitiste Faribault and Pelagie Far-
ibault, his wife, having had the same under consideration,
report;
The ninth section of the Indian appropriation act of the
last session of Congress authorized the Secretary of War
to pay to J. B. and J3. Faribault $12,000, in fulfillment of a
contract entered, into with them in 1839, for the purchase of
an island at the confluence ofthe Mississippi and St. Peter's
rivers, now a part of the military reserve at Fort Snellmg,
provided he should be satisfied with the validity of then-
title, &c. The mone^ thus appropriated has not been paid,
because, as the Secretary states, they have produced no
evidence of title in them. Hence, it is again brought before
Congress, and the committee have again examined it care-
fully, and here report the lesult of their investigation.
In 18&0, while the memorialists were living upon this
island as their home, the Sioux Indians, to which tribe
Mrs. Faribault belonged, conveyed to the United States, for
military purposes, a large tract of land between the Missis-
sippi and St. Peter's rivers, and reserved to the memorial-
ists the small island at the confluence of these rivers. The
deed making this conveyance and reservation was executed
in the most solemn manner, signed and sealed by twenty-
five Indians, and witnessed by ten persons-—Colonel Leav-
enworth being one of them—and it fully recognizes Mis.
Faribault's ownership of the island in question. In 1837
these same Indians more foimaJJy, by treaty, convejred
these lands to the United States, but as the treaty embraced
the Faribault island the Indians refused to sign it until they
were assured by the Secretaiy of War that Mrs. Faribault's
claim to the island should not be prejudiced thereby; and in
an official letter, dated August 12,1840, Mr. Poinsett says :
Wa.ii Department, August 13, 1840.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge thereecipt of your
letter from Lancaster, of the 27th ultimo, and to assure
you that the pressure of business consequent upon the ad-
journment of Congress alone prevented my doing so earlier.
I recollect perfectly what passed during the progress of the
negotiation of the treaty with the Sioux, and that I assured
you that the rights of Pelagie Faribault to the island in ques-
tion should not be prejudiced by their not being inserted in
the treaty.
These rights have always been considered as if they had
been mentioned in that instrument, and you are aware that
5 signed a conditional contract, under the authority of Con-
gress, to extinguish them on the payment by Government
of a certain sum, provided Congress sanctioned it. I sub-
sequently addressed a letter to tbo committee of the Sen-
ate, setting forth my opinion of the value of the island, and
of its importance to the militaiy post at Fort Snelling; in
consequence of which a bill was introduced to provide for
carrying the contract above mentioned into effeet. I enter-
tain no doubt ofthe passage of that bill, and believe it was
delayed only for wantof tune. I therefore regard the con-
tract as existing, and advise the parties to wait the further
action of Congress.
With the very restricted means at its disposal, the Depart-
ment does not feci authorized to take the. measures you
propose in relation to the Sioux half breed lands this s^acon.
J. R. POINSETT.
S, C. Stambaogh, Esq., Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
On the 13th of February, 1839, Congress passed a joint
resolution authorizing the Secretary of War "to contract
with J. 1*. and Pelagic Faribault for the purchase of the
island at the confluence of the St. Peter's and Mississippi
rivers, and to reporting proceedings to Congiebs, subject to
their approbation or rejection." In compliance with the
authority thus granted, the Secretary of War, on the 12th
day of Match, 1839, entered into an agreement in writing,
with the attorneys of the petitioners, for the purchase of the
island for the sum of $12,000, and asked from Congress an
appropriation for that amount, to enable him to make the
puichasebut the requisition was made too late for the
action of Congress.
In January, 18-10, the Secretary of War communicated to
Congress the eontidct entered into with the representatives
ofthe Faribaultc, in conformity with the requirements of
the joint resolution of February 13, 1839; and in July, 3840,
in a letter addressed to tbe Senate Militaiy Committee, the
Secretary says: " In my opinion the possession ofthe island
at the confluence of the Mississippi and St. Peter's rivers is
necessary to the police discipline and security of the post
on the Upper Mississippi.1'
"From the testimony of disinterested persons. I consider
the value of that island to be not less than ten thousand
dollars, nor to exceed twelve thousand dollars."
On the 13th March, 1840, submitting the whole subject to
the judgment of Congiess, the Secretary says: " If the com-
mittees of both Houses, to which it has been referred, are
°f th® opinion that the Indian title is rightly vested in the
claimants, I beg that an appropriation may be asked for to
carry into effect the contiact, for I regard the continued
possession of the property as highly important to tile iuter-
1 M,h"d of the ^oumvy." And tile Commit-
tee on Military Affaire of the Senate, after a thor<>u"h and
satisfaetoiy investigation of the title, asked for 'he annro
after pacing the fccnate,;o*tin the Houso of Hepiesentu-
bni^An^h' !ev,CT| otll®r .a,nend<nents to the appropriation
bill, on the last days of the session.
* On the 2d of September, 1843, Secretary of War fBell 1
writing to the Speaker of the House of RenreiniX
says •'"All the testimony was submitted to theTeS Mil-
itary Committee. The committee decided iu favor of the
claim, and I am induced to recommend it to the favorable
consideration of Congress, and to ask that an appropriation
be made for the sum of $12,000, for the puipo^e of paying
for the i«land, in fulfillment of the contract of March 12,
1&39, as there was a pledge given by the Government to
these claimants, in con^cqucnce of which it is understood
that a successful negotiation was made with the nation to
which they belong for a tract of country estimated to con-
tain six millions of acres."
The objection now made to the " validity "of Faribault's
1805 by the Pike treaty. It does appear that General Pike
title i&, that the island was ceded to the United States m
made an arrangement in 1805 with two Sioux Indians for ,
the purchase of the lands of that tube, including the Fari- j
bault island, but theie is no evidence that this agreement, j
to wfiieh there is not even a witness, and in whieh no cori- !
sideration was named, was ever considered binding upon
the Indians, or that they ever yielded up the possession of :
their lands under it. Certain it is, that it was not ratilWl
until three ycaisaftervvaidr-, (in 1808,) when the consider- ■
ation of $2,000 was introduced into it, to which the other '
conti acting parties never did assent; but it was never pro- j
mulgated, nor can it be now found upon the statute-books,
like any other treaty—if indeed a treaty it may be called— .
nor were its stipulations ever complied with on the pait of
the United States.
Governor Doty states that General Leavenworth did not i
consider Pike's treaty as binding upon either the Govern- ;
ment or upon the Indians, and that such was the opinion ;
of General Cass. That the Faribaults had rendered essen- ;
tial services to the Umtcd States, and hence it was that ;
General Leavenworth had consented to the reservation of i
this island to them, as by the peimauent residence of that !
family at that place he expected to derive and did derive !
the greatest advantages from their efioin to establish and :
maintain mcndly relations between the Indians and the ;
whites. !
Hon. H. II. Sibley says, that m 1819 the island was trans-
ferred by the Sioux to Pelagic Faribault, an Indian woman ,
of their own tiibe; that gifts of this kind were at that time !
very common with the Indians j that Mis. Faribault was
then living upon the island, and so continued until 1821, r
when Colonel Snellmg, who succeeded Colonel Leaveu- !
worth, and changed the onginal site ofthe tort, ordered her j
toiemovc; and he refeis al&o to the pledge given bythet^ec- |
retary of War to the Sioux, at the treaty of 1837, that Mrs. i
Faribault's claims should not be piejudicedby their being ,
omitted in the treaty; and adds, that the husband and sons 1
of Mrs. Faribault were most active m promoting the views i
of the Government m the Sioux negotiation. >
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in a letter to the j
Secretary of War, of the date of the 28th Febiuary, 1839, 1
says: 1
u As a principle of geneial observance, the United States '
(in my judgment) cannot recognize such grants. This case, .
however, occupies a position of its^own. The i-land is
wanted for the purposes of the Government, and, to avoid
delay, difficulty, and controversy, it nmv be judicious to ,
purchase it. I therefore think, under all the circumstances, '
that an appropriation should be asked for, and the negotia ;
turn for the purchase opened, &.c. I
'• T. HARTLEY CRAWFORD." I
In 1825, the Sioux, Chippewa?, and other tribes, made a ;
treaty, and in defining their boundary lines they >-ay in the
tenth article : "It being well understood that the leserva- :
tions at Fever river, at the Ouisconsm, and at St. Peter's,
and the lands properly belonging theieto. are not claimed :
by cither of said tube*?." Thus it seems'to be universally ;
conceded that the island in question was and is the proper- '
ty of Mrs. Fanbault, and that her (Indian) title theieto has
not been extinguished by the United State*.
The committee are unanimously ofthe opinion that long- !
delayed justice ought now to be done to the memorialists, [
and they therefore airam lepoit the bill authorizing the pay-
ment to them of $12,000, with interest from the date oi the '
contract, and recommend us passage. ;
Mr. HUNTER. I do not raise a point of order, |
as I perceive that it is to carry out the ninth sec-
tion of a former appropriation act; but it seems 1
to rac that, as it is a question of title which was !
referred to the Secretary of War, who thinks it
doubtful, it is one of those cases which ought to !
goto the Court of Claims. We ought not to pro- ,
ceed further in the matter in an appropriation bill. !
An appropriation was made for it in 1855, with '
this proviso: " That the Secretary of War shall
be satisfied of the validity of their titles to the !
lands mentioned in said contract, and that the j
conveyance to the United States be made suffi-
cicnt to pass the said title." !
I understand the Secretary of War is of opinion j
that they have not sufficient title. That is a ques- 1
tion which, it seems to me, ought to be decided i
by the court. We certainly have not the means i
now to go into that question. It was originally, '
as I think, a private claim; but I perceive the Sen- .
ate has decided otherwise, because it was incor- i
porated into a former general appropriation act. 1
But it is now evident, from the investigation that !
has been made of it by order ofthe Senate, through ! j
the Secretary of War, that it is a case of doubt, i
and one which ought to be adjudicated by the !
Court, of Claims. ,j
Mr. WELLER. I think this Government has t:
already recognized the title in those Indians. We J
have entered into a contract with them. They l'i
have executed that contract in good faith. They i'
have given us the possession of the property. I
We are now holding it for military purposes. !
There is no outstanding title against it. Even if ;
the title had not been in those Indians, they had
j a possessory right. They were in the occupancy
| of the lands. They have abandoned that title, no
matter what it was, and now the committee ask
for this amendment to pay them the compensa-
tion which was agreed upon. It seems to me
justice requires that this should be done. I think
that is the whole case. That they had a strict
legal title, perhaps,no one will pretend; but they
had a title—that of possession. They were there
holding possession. We wanted it for military
purposes, and hired them to leave it; and now we
ought to pay them.
Air. HUNTER. It is very evident, sir, that
we were doubtful about the title, because, in the
very act making the appropriation, we introduced
a proviso that it should only be paid in the event
that the Secretary of War thought the title suffi-
cient^ He, after examination, does not think it
sufficient. I do not pretend to pronounce on it
one way or the other, but I say that it is a case
which ought to be tried by the court. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs thinks one way, and
that is very high authority; the Secretary of War
has another opinion on it; and I think the fact of
this discrepancy and difference of opinion would
justify us in sending it to the court, rather than
undertaking to decide it here.
Mr. WELLER. I simply wish to saj^thatwe
recognize the title in them by making a treaty.
By that treaty, and by contract, we have obtained
possession; and now it would be very unjust, after
having got rid of them, after having got them to
surrender possession to us, to refuse to make
some compensation to them.
Mr. HUNTER. Congress could not have
thought so in 1855, or they would not have added
the proviso.
Mr. WELLER. That amendment, I believe,
was made in the House of Representatives, and
has produced the whole difficulty. The Secretary
of War, I suppose, is not satisfied that they had
a strictly legal title; but they had a title. They
were in possession of the property. We got
them to surrender that possession; and now I
think we ought to make them compensation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The suggestion
made by the Senator from California is correct.
That amendment was made in the House of Rep-
resentatives; it was not made in the Senate. It
was made after the original proposition passed
the Senate.
Now, a single word inreplyto the Senator from
Virginia. He relies on the fact that the present
Secretary of War is not satisfied that these
Indians had a good and sufficient title. I am
willing to accord to that distinguished gentleman
all that can be claimed for him by the Senator
from Virginia; and if that is to be taken as con-
clusive against this claim, I ask the Senator from
Virginia to tell me what becomes of the three pre-
ceding Secretaries of War, who differed with this
one? Mr. Poinsett declared the title sufficient,
and he gave a solemn pledge that it should not
be prejudiced. The Secretary of War succeed-
ing him, my honorable colleague, was ofthe same
opinion. Mr. Crcfu ford was of the same opinion.
Here, then, are three gentlemen equally entitled
to consideration with the present distinguished
Secretary of War. But independently of that,
from the very time the purchase was made, in
1839, the question was investigated by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs thoroughly and fully;
and they decided it. In 1840 it came back to the
Committee on Military Affairs, andjthey exam-
ined it again. They have examined it at almost
every session, from 1839 down to the present
hour, and invariably made a unanimous report in
favor of it.
Now if all this is not to be taken as a set-off
against the mere opinion of the present Secretary
of War, I think he is a much greater man than I
supposed there was in the country. I am willing
to give him all credit; but I do not believe in his
infallibility, nor do I believe in the infallibility of
any man. I take the statement of the facts; and
on that statement of facts you cannot set up any
reason against the claim. It has been delayed
from 1839, and I think it is an act of injustice on
the part of a great Government like this to dis-
possess two poor, miserable Indians, of a tract
of land recognized to be theirs by treaty and con-
tract, to take it from them, and keep them out of
the money for it for twenty years.
The amendraentwas agreed to.
