1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1589
no voto of mine shall they ever succeed in this
nefaiious woi3c.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, the Senator
from Georgia must have very strong convictions
in his assertions, judging from the manner in
which he makes them. He charges me very
modestly with knowing as well as he does that
what ( assert here is a delusion. He is in error :
there. He should not make that charge. I am
not iti the habit of asserting anything to deceive
the Senate, or asserting as a belief of my own
what I do not honestly entertain. The Senator
has no right, in discussing a question of this kind,
to say that I know a thing to be a delusion which
I have asserted here to bo a -well-established fact.
There are some things the Senator from Georgia
does not know, Tjvhich he professes to get from
me. I thought I had explained them. I will do
so again; first on the point of master's mates and
midshipmen. He does not appreciate the fact
which I asserted, that the appointment of a mas-
ter 's mate to do the duty of a midshipman depends
on the master of the ship; and he may change
them and alter them at pleasure, and they arc
among the seventy-fire hundred seamen allowed
to the Navy. The honorable Senator from Geor-
gia seems to regard them as a grade of commis-
sioned officers, who have to be appointed perhaps
by the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, and who are in the line of
commission.
Mr. TOOMBS. I said no such thing.
Mr. MALLORY. I did not say the Senator
said so; but I thought lie was under the impres-
sion, because he called them officers; I say they
are seamen; and of the seventy-five hundred
allowed for service, the captain takes one of these
men, and makes him a master's mate.
Mr. TOOilBS. Is there one intimation in the
bill of 1855 that you intended to reduce the mid-
shipmen in the Navy ? Is there one word or sec-
tion in that act looking to the reduction of the
midshipmen in the Navy?
Mr. MALLORY. As a matter of course I so
understand it. The Senator on another point
asks, if you cannot find duty for sixty-eight cap-
tains, how are you going lo find duty for one
hundred? Do we propose to find duty for one
hundred ? Has any man dreamed of finding duty
for one hundred captains, or proposed such a
measure? No, sir. The Senator from Georgia
knows well that reform was necessary, because
a large number of these men ranked as captains
could not perform any duty; and some of them
iiad not performed any_ duty for thirty years-
men who were farming in the western country—
who were looked upon in the Navy Department
as a sort of professional myths, as the John
Does and Richard Roes of the courts—who
never presented themselves but to get their pay.
These men never did any duty; they were beyond
the power of doing duty; and we put men in
their place to do their duty; putting both together,
those whom we retired ana those who do their
duty, dividing the pay among them, 111 order that
the amount may not be increased. Does the Sen-
ator deny that?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I say the Senator
does not understand the principles of the law,
because it expressly says what I have just stated.
Their piomotions are sent here, and they get
sank, but they do not get pay, according to the
terms of the law, until the vacancy is created by
the death or the resignation of the party_ whose
office they take. That is the operation oi it. In
proof of this let me refer to the official report of
the Secretary af the Navy. I am accustomed to
rely on our Departments, and hold them respons-
ible for the truthfulness of their representations.
In Ins annual report, the Secretary of the Navy
says:
" Although there are now on this reserved list one hun-
dred and louy-soven officers, the expense? o!' the IVivy, as
appears fiom calculation* accurately made, ciie not in-
cjeased, for the icason that they rue not only on reduced
mv, but the olficeis promoted to then vacancies do not
receive the full jnj of the jriado to which they are thus
pi«.iuotcd Thev attain the higher tank, and see mo moic
jv-nouMblr  and impoitant commands-, hut are not to enjoy
full pa> until the vacancies they fill arc made complete by
eithei icMsnatiou, death, oi iemoval."
Now can anything: bo more plain than that? I
have corrected the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia's statement about the master's mates, and I
hope ho understands me thoroughly. They are
not officers; they are appointed by the captain
of the ship, and come out of the seven thousand
five hundred seamen.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know about that.
Mr. MALLORY. Very well. I have corrected
the Senator as to the increase of captains. We
have simply put active men in the place of ineffi-
cient men at the same price; and the duty of the
country now is done efficiently, which was not
done before at all, because heretofore, when the
Secretary wished to send an officer on a distant
cruise, particularly to the coast of Africa, or other
objectionable duty, he had to appoint three or
four before he could get one to go. As I remarked
on another occasion, now everything is alacrity.
The officers seek sea service, because they see a
disposition to render promotion dependent on sea
service.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to ask the gentleman
one question on that statement. Has not the Sec-
retary precisely the same officers to order on this
duty as he had before ? Has he one more or less ?
Mr. MALLORY. If we make these promo-
tions he will have new grades and new officers all
through.
Mr. TOOMRS. But has he not the same men
as before?- Has he any new officers?
Mr. MALLORY. I hold that he has. If he
makes these promotions he wiil have a great many
new commanders from the lieutenants taking the
place of old ones.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am not speaking of that.
The Senator seems evidently to understand me
on close questioning. I ask him, can the Sec-
retary, under this law, order any officer to the
coast of Africa, or anywhere else, whom he could
not order there without it?
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly not*. The same
officers are in the Navy, of course.
Mr. TOOMBS. He has the same men, and
they are liable to the same duty.
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir, they are not liable
to the same duty; that is where the Senator errs.
He had sixty-eight captains, one half of whom
were worthless. X do not say they were, but we
will take that for the argument. He had thirty-
four who could do sea duty. He did not order
from the other thirty-four, because he was con-
scious of their condition. If you make these
promotions he has sixty-eight, all efficient men.
Mr. TOOMBS. I say these thirty-four com-
manders, who are said to have been promoted,
could have been appointed to those very ships,
most of which are within their rate._ The Secre-
tary of the Navy has assumed the right even to
put a commander over a ship that might bo com-
manded by a captain. I say, then, he had the
men, and he could have commanded them to this
service, on the Senator's orgument, as veil if
they were commanders as if they were captains.
The greater number of the vessels sent to the
coast of Africa, and other stations, have bcun of
the rate of commanders.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say, frankly, that
the Secretary of the Navy has appointed com-
manders where he ought to have appointed cap-
tains, for the reason that he could not get captains
to do the duly. The presentation of our Navy
abroad has been that we £0 there with a ship
representing a captain in guns and m men, but
commanded' by a commander. The Secretary
of the Navy has been driven to this. He has
been compelled to take men junior in grade and
junior in years to command in position, because
the men of higher rank were unfitted for the
duty. The bill proposes that we shall give now
to the man who docs the duty the rank, and that
when his predecessor or his alternate, whichever
you choose to call him, shall resign or die, he
shall have the increased pay.
Mr. TOOMBS. The statement of the case is
a very clear one, which the chairman of the com-
mittee cannot get over. According to the ad-
mission of the board, we had thirty-tour sea cap-
tains fit for every duty ashore and afloat. 1 he
fact is, that from the last war to this hour the
Government has never had thirty-four captains
afloat, nor one half of them. The Senator says
the Secretary could not get captains foi duty.
The board s.iid they had thirty-four fit for duty;
from the last war to now they; have never had
thirty-four captains afloat, nor, in my judgment,
| one half the number.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to know of the
Senator from Georgia or the Senator from Flori-
da what number of vessels commanded by cap-
tains is usually afloat?
Mr. TOOMBS. Eleven.
Mr. MALLORY. Fourteen.
Mr. HALE. I wish to call attention to the
existing state of things. I confess I do not under-
stand how you have increased the number of
captains from sixty-eightto ninety-nine; the com-
manders from ninety-seven to one hundred and
thirty; the lieutenants from three hundred and
twenty-six to three hundred and ninety, ■without
increasing the number of officers. I have looked
over the list of active captains. Complaint has
been made by the chairman of the committee that
you could not get captains who were fit to do
duty, and that this reform was therefore neces-
sary. I find that of the sixty-eight we had, thirty-
one were removed. Of the sixty-eight now 011
the list, consisting of those who remain and those
who fill the places of those removed, thirty-seven
are at this moment waiting orders, seventeen are
on shore duty, and only fourteen are at sea, and
that is the largest number you have had at sea.
Now, how can the chairman of the committee
say that the Government could not get captains to
go abroad, when there are thirty-seven of those
who have been left who were found to be perfectly
competent to perform all the duties ashore and
afloat—thirty-seven of them who, by the confes-
' sion of this board, have always been competent
' —even according to the admission of the naval
board are waiting orders, and they have only had
about eleven of them at sea?
Mr. BAYARD. Fourteen.
Mr. HALE. Fourteen now ?
Mr. BAYARD. Fourteen usually, I under-
i stand.
| Mr. HALE. Well, sir, the difference between
| eleven and fourteen is not worth disputing about
in this matter, because the argument is good
enough, anyhow. Sir, the truth is—the whole
I secret, the whole sore —- so to expftss it — the
1 whole disease, that has afflicted the Navy, has
been the desire of promotion. If you will take
I the surgeon's knife and cut out that sore, the
1 whole body will be healthy. These gentlemen
: have no right to complain. If there has been
| injusticedone here, which everybody admits there
i has been to a greater or less degree — and the
bill is based on the idea that there has been
some wrong de$c—these gentlemen are enjoying
this promotion as the effect of that wrong; they
are wearing honors which do not belong to tliem.
| They entered the Navy, or had the right to enter
it, only under the expectations of the existing
laws. They have no right to be disappointed if
they have not been promoted in consequence of
this act. Again, I think, if there was to be a
reform commenced, wrong has been done by in-
creasing the higher officers, the more inefficient,
and lessening the midshipmen; because the mid-
shipmen, under existing laws, I think, are ap-
pointed on the recommendation of members of
Congress from the several districts.
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. Then, if you are going to in-
crease the naval officers and crowd out the mid-
shipmen, you remove the influence of public
sentiment, expressed through the Representatives
of the people, in filling up the naval offices, by
depriving the Representatives of the several dis-
tricts of their legitimate privilege of recommend-
ing appointments to the Navy.
Mr. BAYARD. That political influence lias
ibeen the cause of the whole difficulty. It has
been gratifying members of Congress.
Mr. HALE. y that has been the cause or the
, difficulty, this Government is a failure and a Uum-
! bug. If you cannot trust the Representatives of
i the people—if that has been the cause of the diffi-
j culty, the difficulty lies at the root of our whole
| institutions. Let me tell the honorable Senator
i it is but a very little while since this has been the
i rule in the Navy.
i Mr. MALLORY. Since 1842.
i Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
! New Hampshire misunderstands me altogether.
, I did not speak of the rule which was established
| that each member of Congress might nominate a
; midshipman, though I think that rule is wrong
I on other grounds. 1 alluded to the political and
i; personal influence exercised by members of Con-
