864
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 9,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Wilton.
Senate.
Mr. President, the Senator from Illinois tells us
that he shall speak plain in regard to our po&iuon
upon the Kansas position. He has spoken with
plainness—more plainness than justice or truth.
He has the audacity to charp upon the minority
in the Senate—upon men who, in their speeches,
in their letters to their friends in the Territory,
have counseled unyielding devotion to freedom,
to peace, to order, to the authority of the Federal
Government—I say he has the audacity to charge
upon Senators here—upon the Senators from
]Ne\v York, New Hampshire, Ohio, Illinois, Ver-
mont, Maine—upon my absent colleague—upon
all of us of the minority, the scenes of lawlessness
and violence that have marked the history of ill-
starred Kansas during the pastyear. Sir, the Sen-
ator from Illinois goes further in his recklessness
of assertion: he declares that we do not want to
close these Bcenes in the Territory until after the
presidential election; and this assertion,so unjust,
wasindorsed by the applause of these pro-slavery
f Uleries. 1, too, will speak with plainness; and
will hold the Senator from Illinois,and his com-
peers, to their just responsibility for all their acta
of omission and commission concerning the Ter-
ritory of Kansas. Before the Senate, and the
country—ay, sir, before" the bar of the civilized
world—I hold the Senator from Illinois to a just
responsibility for the blood which has been shed
or which may be shed in that Territory from
which his " ruthless hand" erased the sacred
words: " Slavery shall be, and is forever, prohib-
ited." Upon the Senator from Illinois, more than
upon any other man in all America, presses the
crushing weight of wrongs anil outrages to prop-
erty, liberty, and life which have followed the
repeal of the prohibition of 1820. Sir, the acts
.of lawless violence, the arsons, robberies, and
murders that have marked the past of Kansas,
are all the fruits of that deed which the fertile
brain of the Senator from Illinois conceived and
his cunning hand, executed. When the year 1854
opened upon that vast Territory in the heart of
the Republic," Freedom for all: chains for none,"
were engraved upon its surface in letters of living
light. Slavery was forbidden to enter that mag-
nificent region of forestand prairie,lake and river.
Its chilling shadow fell not upon the flowers that
bloomed and the waters that flowed. The sun-
light of freedom bathed its virgin soil. Free
labor—educated labor—secure in the plighted
faith of the third of a century—looked upon that
▼ast domain, lying in the central regions of the
North American continent, as its rightful, its
legitimate inheritance. Even the Senator from
Ilhnois had announced from his high place here,
is the councils of the nation, that " no ruthless
band" would dare break that compromise that
gave freedom forever to a Territory larger than
die thirteen colonies that opened the war of inde-
pendence. The people of the country, and, above
all, the free laboring men of the country, had
their rich heritage of freedom put in peril Dy the
Senator from llinois. The people of tne country,
and, above all, the free laboring men of the coun-
try, now hold, and they will continue to hold, the
Senator from I llinois responsible for that act whose
fruits have been robbery, arson, murder, and
oppression. Sir, I tell the Senator from Illinois
that the scenes of lawlessness, of violence, of
bloodshed , and of oppression, that the world has
witnessed in Kansas are chargeable—not upon the
emigrant aid companies—not upon the free people
of Kansas—not upon Senators here who have
protested against your acts—but upon the Sen-
ator and his compeers, by whose counsels and
votes the landmarks against slavery were re-
moved, and upon the border ruffians of Missouri,
who demanded the consummation of that unhal-
lowed deed. The Senator from Illinois, the Ad-
ministration, the Democratic party, will be held
responsible through all eoming time for the bitter
fruits of that deed, by which the landmarks of
freedom were removed, and slavery permitted to
enter this heritage of freedom, and contend for
empire.
The Senator from Illinois and his associates
Mr. President, to silence the stern protests of the
freemen of the Republic, gave assurance that the
question of freedom or slavery was to be left to
tne free action of the actual settlers. Has the
Senator from Illinois—has the Administration
redeemed this pledge? Have they given protec-
tion to the actual settlers of the Territory ? Have
not the men who violated the plighted fiuth of the
nation by abrogating the prohibition of 1820, vi-
olated their own plighted word to the actual cit-
izens of Kansas? Yes, sir, the Administration
has not only broken the word of promise to the
hope, but it has not kept the word of promise to
the ear. Sir, you have not given protection to
the people of Kansas. You have not protected
them in their property, in their liberties, or in
their lives. You uo not mean to afford them pro-
tection—you dare not afford them protection.
The slave power, your imperious master, will not
permit you to afford protection to the people of
Kansas. The Senator from Illinois, the Admin-
istration, the Democracy, quail before that power;
and to the imploring appeals of the subdued and
suffering people you sternly answer, " Obey the
laws!" "The laws shall be executed!" "We
will subdue you!" The people point to the or-
ganic act as the charter of their rights, your
pledge to them, and you scream in their ear^>
"Treason!" "Traitors!" " Submission,uncon-
ditional submission, or you shall die the death of
traitors!" Your satrap Shannon, a poor, weak,
vacillating creature, arms ruffians, and harasses
the people he should protect. Your Lecompte,
in mockery of justice, arraigns men for "high
treason"—for "constructive treason." Your
Donaldsons and your Joneses fire dwellings,
destroy presses, and rob people fleeing from their
burning homes.
The people were to be left perfectly fVee to
settle their own domestic affairs; you gave this
pledge—the slave power gave this pledge. How
have these pledges been kept ? On the 29th of
November, 1854, six brief months after these
Eledges were given, the people of Kansas assem-
led to elect a Delegate to represent them in the
national House of Representatives. On that day
the slave power, unmindful of its plighted faith,
in hollow mockery of popular rights, stole over
into that Territory, and stuffed tne ballot-boxes
with hundreds of illegal votes for the pro-slavery
candidate. All the redress you gave to the out-
raged people of Kansas was a flippant denial of
the deed of infamy.
On the 30th of March, ten months after your
pledge of perfect freedom to settle their own do-
mestic affairs was given, the people of Kansas
again went to the ballot-boxes to choose a Legis-
lature to frame laws for their own government. To
their amazement they found the ballot-boxes in
the hands of four thousand nine hundred armed
men from Missouri. Overawed by superior num-
bers—intimidated by menacing threats—robbed of
their legal right by lawless violence—hundreds of
the actual settlers of the Territory retired, wi thout
voting, to their homes—a subdued and conquered
people. Others, who chose to peril life in the
exercise of their legal rights, were overborne by
overwhelming numbers, and they, too, retired to
their homes a subdued and conquered people.
Back to Missouri staggered the marauding hordes
of border ruffians, drunk with victory and bad
whisky. Kansas was conquered by this lawless
foray from Missouri; the slave power gloated
over its dishonorable victory. Governor feeder
announced to the people of his native Pennsyl-
vania that Kansas had been conquered—subdued
by armed men from Missouri. Your Adminis-
tration was indignant at this honest admission:
silence was enjoined upon the faithful. The pro-
testing voices of the people of Kansas were
silenced by the clamor of the partisans and presses
in the interests of the Administration and its
master—the slave power. The appeals and pro-
tests of the wronged and outraged people of
Kansas were unheeded by your Administration;
you had no ear to listen to the story of their
wrongs; you had no voice to rebuke their op-
pressors; you had no arm to protect them, or
to redress their great wrongs. Sir, when that
damning deed of the 30th of March, 1855, was
performed—when that people were overborne,
robbed of th<# rights—where were the Senators
from Illinois, Pennsylvania, Georgia, Connec-
ticut, and Ohio? You were silent—dumb. Where
was your President and his constitutional advis-
ers? The President, was silent—dumb! Where
slept the thunders of the Democracy ? The De-
mocracy, obedient to the nod of the slave power,
put its hand upon its lip, and laid its forehead low
in the dust, at the feet of that power that had sent
four thousand nine hundred armed ruffians to the .
conquest of Kansas.
This great crime against popular rights—this
entire abrogation of the doctrine of " squatter
sovereignty, ' found no voice of condemnation
among the retainers of the Administration in
the ranks of the Democracy. Apologists were
found ready to excuse the crime, defend the crim-
inals, and slander and rebuke an outraged people.
The slave power, with unabashed brow, has con-
tinued to deny the fact of the armed invasion of
the 30th of March, 1855, but that voice of denial
grows faint before the damning record brought
back from that Territory by the committee of the
House.
The Legislature border ruffianism had imposed
upon conquered Kansas, with revolvers, bowie-
knives, ana cannon, came together at the appointed
time and place. Without even the formalities of
an examination, the members holding the Govern-
or's certificates, were hustled out, and the per-
sons to whom the Governor had refused certifi-
cates were hurried into their places, and the
work of border ruffianism was secured in all its
completeness. This Assembly, imposed on Kan-
sas by the lawless conquest of Missouri invaders,
having perfected its organization, imposed upon
the free people of the conquered Territory the
laws of their conquerors—the laws of Missouri.
Your Governor, sent out by the Administration,
undertook to arrest the career of this Legislature
imposed upon his people by armed hordes of
border bandits, but he received no aid at the
hands of the Administration. At the critical
moment, when his arm was raised to shield the
people committed to his protection, he was smit-
ten down, to the great relief of the Legislature,
and to the gratification of the exultant slave
power. Your acting Governor, Woodson, has-
tened to give his sanction to the Draconian code,
formed for the government of the people of Kan-
sas by these instruments of the slave power, un-
der the direction of Atchison and Stringfellow.
The invasion, conquest, and subjugation of Kan-
sas was complete. Laws were imposed upon
the people that robbed them of their rights, and
degraded them into a condition of abject humili-
ation. Freedom of speech and freedom of the
press were cloven down. Trial by jury was made
a mockery. Test oaths, against which reason
and humanity revolt, were imposed upon men
who were to be left " perfectly free" to settle
their own domestic affairs. The people of Kan-
sas were bound hand and foot—reduced to the
pitiable condition of conquered menials of the
slave power.
In tnis gloomy hour, did your Administration
interpose to arrest the conquerors? Did Dem-
ocratic Senators raise their protesting voices
against these crowning acts of lawless power?
Did Democratic presses utter the language of pub-
lic indignation and rebuke? Did your official
menials in the Territory endeavor to moderate the
action of the instruments of Missouri invaders?
No, sir, no! Your Democratic Executive was
dumb, passive, motionless ; your Democratic
statesmen uttered no protest against the impend-
ing wrongs; your Democratic presses uttered no
words of rebuke; and your Government officials,
went over to the camp of the conquerors, struck
hands with Atchison, Stringfellow, Jones, and
the other chiefs of border ruffianism.
Invaded by armed hosts, overborne by over-
whelming numbers, conquered, but not disheart-
ened, the freemen of Kansas, conscious of their
rights and their powers, appealed from the legisla-
tion of their conquerors to the judgment of the peo-
ple of the Territory. Loyal to the Constitution
to the Union—to the Federal Government—plant-
ing themselves upon the organic Jaw of the Terri-
tory, they resolved to castaside the inhuman, un-
christian, and devilish enactments of their Mis-
souri conquerors, to take the sense of the people
upon the organization .of a State government for
the security of their property, their liberty, and
their lives. The slave power scented treason in the
resolution of the people; it denounced the popu-
lar movement. The Administration, which had
no voice to rebuke the deeds of lawless invasion—
