1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1591
gentlemen may have chosen to declare them so
in their secret trials. My bill does not do it. I
subject them to 110 such general trial. You make
them stand as condemned until you engineer them
through a board which you appoint through the
Secretary of the Navy and the President of the
United States. They will be very apt to carry out
the policy to which they have adhered through-
out this whole matter with such singular tenacity.
I apply to no such agency. I declare these pro-
ceedings void because they were illegal. I will
restore these men where they were. I then au-
thorize the President to try them according to
the laws of the country as they have existed
since the formation of the Government until now
—according to the laws on which they held their
commissions.
If you want to increase the number of officers,
go to the country with the plain proposition to
do it. Without this bill, I think it would be
Kise to limit the numbers of the captains of the
wavy to less than at present. It has been one of
your great troubles that you had more officers
than you had use for. You could not employ
them. You put them in at one end faster than they
came out at the other. A man, after serving ten
or fifteen yeais, would say " I want promotion.M
Your'naval service labored under that difficulty.
You have only increased it. One generation, at
least, must stand blocked up for all behind, and
you will want another naval board, another set
of active, vigilant men, who can lobby here and
get laws passed for their own promotion. You
will have it again in three or four years, because
you have, unquestionably, increased the evils,
if, before, a man must be seventy years of age to
become a captain, he must be two hundred years !
old under the existing system. You have re- '<
moved no evil. The law had a wise purpose in j
some of its provisions, but it has been perverted. I
I desire to restore it. I
Air. BENJAMIN. It is exceedingly difficult
to pursue the discussion of the subject with the
honorable Senator from Georgia, because he does
not seem capable of reasoning out the biMfebefore
the Senate of the subject before the Senate, with-
out having his feelings so excited that he launches
off into denunciations of almost everybody who
does not agree with him in opinion. I propose
to reason this matter—not to make declamation
either to the Senate 01* the country. I propose to
reason, and to show the gentleman how totally he
has misconceived what I said, and how totally
erroneous his own position is.
The Senator from Georgia says that this whole
trouble is about promotion. It maybe so; but
that mischief was done when the last law was
passed. He says no officer of honor would desire
to attain promotion at the expense of injustice
done to his fellow officers. Nobody proposes
any such promotion, and I have not heard of an
officer of the Navy who desired any such. Let <
that pass. }
But the Senator thinks proper to say that T ;
advocate the measure proposed by the Committee j
on Naval Affairs, because I want to benefit the ,
officers personally at the expense of the country, j
The Senator does me injustice. He misunder- |
stood me. What I said was this: that we have j
the choice either of doing injustice to gallant and !
meritorious officers who have been promoted under j
the law which wc passed—who have already been j
promoted by our orders, degrading them back to j
theirfonnerpositions—one of the most mortiiying
things that can occur to a public officer, one which
an officer of the Navy could by no possibility
submit to, but must at once resign—that we have
the choice of mortifying the feelings of gallant
and meritorious officers, by degrading them from
a position to which they have been elevated by
our orders, or of adding something for a short
time to the pay-roll of the Navy. I said that, if
we took the former course, we should create such
disorganization in the public service—we should
give rise to so much bitter feeling between officers
—wc should create such a state of ill feelings j
between officers who ought cordially to support ;
each other in sustaining the honor and interest of :
their country, as to render our Navy, which we ^
want to be efficient as well in time of peace as in j
time of war, totally inadequate to the pifblic ser- ,
vice; and that, in my judgment, as a matter of (
public duty and public interest, it was^ better to j
add something to the pay-roll of the Navy, and
to degrade no officer. That was my proposi-
tion.
Now, sir, the officers whom it is proposed to
strike at by the amendment of the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, let it be remembered, are offiJ
cers who have been promoted by no action of
their own.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Except the members
of the board.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I leave out the board; I
am speaking of several hundred officers of the
Navy who have been promoted by our orders;
who have gone abroad into foreign countries with
an additional stripe on their sleeve, or an addi-
tional epaulet on their shoulder; who have been
promoted from subordinate positions and com-
mands; whose pride of position, and pride of
office, as officers in the service of their country,
is involved in retaining the places to which we
voluntarily have elevated them, and from which
we now propose, in order to remedy the defect
of our own action, to degrade them. The prop-
osition of the committee, which I sustain with ail
my heart, is to do no injustice to those men—not
to wound their feelings; for if you do, sir, you
will have at the very next session of Congress
the memorial of more than two hundred or three
hundred officers, who will crcate ten times the
clamor about your ears that we have heard this
session fiom those who have been acted on by
the board, and who will appeal with irresistible
force to the justice and kind feeling of the legis-
lators of the country. Officers have changed then-
family relations; they have changed their mode
of life, 111 accordance with their new positions.
Some have become married; others have assumed
burdens of different kinds, by relying upon what?
Not upon any action of Congress based upon
petitions of their own, but relying upon the full
execution of a law of Congress already passed,
and executed by the President of the United
States. The proposition is to annul the action
of the Executive, to repeal your law, to do them
the injustice of degrading them back to their
former positions, without necessity—I say, with-
out necessity, because the necessity for doing
this can be "avoided by a small addition to the
pay-roll of the Navy; and I advocate that addi-
tion to the pay-roll of the Navy in preference to
doing this wrong and injustice to these officers;
not on the ground that I prefer the officers to the
country, but on the ground that my duty to my
country will, in my judgment, be best answered
by incurring this additional expense, rather than
creating the confusion m the public service that
must necessarily result from adopting the amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia. That is my
ground, and I shall say nothing further on the
subject.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not understand, sir,
how the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, or the Senator from Louisiana, or any
other friend of the action of this naval board, can
come to the conclusion that there is no increase
| of the number of officers of the Navy by the op-
I eration of the board under the act of 1855, and
1 110 increase in their pay. The law of 1855, if I
' recollect it properly, provides that there shall be
1 no increase in the aggregate number of officers m
I the Navy; nor shall'there be any increase m the
' aggregate pay of the officers. Now, let us look
at"the facts. Notwithstanding the Secretary of
the Navy has thought proper to say there is no
increase of officers or pay—and I understand the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Aflairs
I rises and says so too—I have the Naval Regis-
I ter in my hand, and that speaks, I presume, what
i is true, and will not be controverted. There were
' originally sixty-eight captains in the Navy, and
! that is the number limited by law. Now^if these
! promotions take place under the act of 1855, and
| the action of the naval board, there will still besix-
j ty-eight captains on the active list, and thirty-
i one captains on the reserved list, making, in ail,
! ninety-nine captains in the Navy. The thirty-
' one captains who were put on the reserved hot
are not out of the Navy. They are still commis-
sioned officers in the Navy. Ihey still hold their
commissions, and they are subject to be called
into service by the Secretary of the Navy at any
time it may suit his determination. They are, in
fact, commissioned officers of the Navy, and
holding their commissions in their pockets. To
be sure, they are not on the active list, but they
still comprise a component part of the naval s
vice of the country." Do they not?
.MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr.
Mr. IVERSON. There are, then, sixty-eight
active captains, if all these promotions are con-
firmed by the Senate, and there are thirty-one
reserved captains, making, in all, ninety-nine.
Now, the law declares that the aggregate number
shall not be increased. Is there any increase in
that particular grade? Undoubtedly there is.
Instead of being sixty-eight captains, there will
be ninety-nine captains, if I can understand the
fair effect of figures. Very well. Now look at
the pay. If you confirm the thirty-one captains
who have been appointed by the President under
the operation of the naval board, they will draw
the pay of full captains. Will they not, when
you give them their commissions—will they not
be entitled to full pay ?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. So I understand the law to
be. That being the case, they will draw the
whole amount of pay which originally was as-
signed to the grade of captains. When the
thirty-one reserved captains draw their pay, some
half pay and some full pay, will not the amount
be increased ?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. N o w look at the commanders.
How many are there in that grade? There were
ninety-seven commanders originally. Now there
are ninety-seven commanders on the active list,
and there are thirty-three commanders who have
been put on the reserved list, making one hun-
dred and thirty commanders, instead of ninety-
seven. How is it in relation to lieutenants?
There were originally three hundred and twenty-
six lieutenants. There are now upon the active
list three hundred and twenty-six lieutenants;
there are sixty-four lieutenants on the reserved
list, making, in all, three hundred and ninety.
There were eighteen masters in the line of pro-
motion. There are now eighteen in the line of
promotion on the active list, and seventeen on
the reserved list, making thirty-five. There are
one hundred and twenty-four midshipmen on the
active list, and belonging to the Naval Academy
there were thirteen, so that there are one hundred
and thirty-five midshipmen in the Navy. Put
the numbers together, and, instead of having six
hundred and ninety-seven or seven hundred,
there are eight hundred and eleven officers in the
Navy. m
There is, therefore, an increase under the oper-
ation of this bill and the action of the naval board,
and there must necessarily be an increase of the
Navy. Now, it is a question for the Senate to
decide, whether it will sanction the promotion of
those captains, commanders, lieutenants, mas-
ters, and midshipmen, who have b?en promoted
by the action of the President, under the oper-
ation of the naval board, or whether the Senate
will refuse to confirm them. If the Senate con-
firms the nominations, we must necessarily have
the number of new captains, and those on the
! reserved list, in addition to the active list. If the
; Senate confirms the nominations of commanders,
we must have the original number of active com-
manders, and the number on the reserved list.
So in relation to midshipmen and masters in the
line of promotion. We must, then, necessarily
I have an increase of the number of officers in the
I Navy. It cannot possibly be avoided. There is
| no argument by which you can get round the
! proposition.
j Now, sir, I ask the Senate if they are prepared
! to confirm the nominations which have been made
I by the President to the Senate, under the action
1 of the naval board? Those who believe the law
itself was unwise, ought never to sanctiop the
promotions which have taken place under it.
Those who believe it may have been wise, but
that the action of the naval board was unjust and
arbitrary,oughtnever to sanction the confirmation
of these officers. For my own part I believe not
only that the law was unwise, and unjust, and
impolitic in its provisions, but that in the carry-
ing of it out it has been rendered more unwise,
more unjust, more arbitrary and oppressive; and
I will never sanction,by my voice or vote,either
the wisdom of the law, or the justice and equity
in which it has been administered.
Suppose the nominations were before the Senate
in executive session, and we were to confirm
