1856.)
34t  Cong.... 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Wilson.
855
Senate.
ho arm to arrest the oppressive acts of usurped i
power, recovered its lost voice. Democratic pol-
iticians and Democratic presses blurted their ;
words of condemnation into the unwilling ear of ;
the people, whose sympathies were with the ;
struggling freemen of the Territory. Men, who :
had no words of rebuke fo# the lawless hordes
that trampled down the rights of the people of
Kansas, had bitter reproaches to heap upon the '
devoted heads of a people who were endeavoring
to recover their lost rights \nd powers. Yes,
sir, we have witnessed on this floor, in the other
House, and in the executive chair, the " little ill-
timed scruples—zeal for adhering to ordinary
forms," to use the language of James Madison—
of "those who wished to indulgeT under these
masks, their secret enmity to the substance con-
tended for." The " substance contended for" by
the people of Kansas was the establishment of a
government by the people for the people. They
followed the examples set them by the people of
other Territories—examples which had received
the sanction of Congress and of the people—of
the chiefs and leaders of the Democracy. The
slave power, conscious of its weakness in the
Territory, demanded the execution of its laws,
and the defeat of the popular movements for a
State government, and the demands of that power
have been complied with by the Administration
and its supporters in and oat of Congress.
In spite, however, of the threats of the slave
power—in spite of your rebukes—your Adminis-
tration denunciation of " treason," the people of
Kansas assembled—appointed a day for the elec-
tion of delegates to a constitutional convention—
elected their delegates—framed a constitution,
adopted it in the face of threatened violence, and
that constitution you have rejected, although it
received the sanction of the representatives of the
people. Sir, for framing this constitution—this
free constitution—for organizing under it a State
Government and choosing Senators to urge its
adoption here, the people of Kansas have been
denounced as " traitors" by the Senator from
Illinois and those who follow his lead in and out
of the Senate. This Chamber has rung with your
words of rebuke, denunciation, and reproof of the
people of Kansas, whose only crime is devotion
to freedom—resistance to the monstrous tyranny
of usurped power. I charge upon the Adminis-
tration the crime of abandoning the people of
Kansas to the merciless rule of their conquerors-
ay, sir, I go further, and 1 charge upon the Ad-
ministration and upon its supporters here the
crime of aiding ana abetting their conquerors in
their unhallowed deeds.
Mr. President, the Administration and its
supporters—the Senators from Illinois, Pennsyl-
vania, and Georgia—snatched Kansas from the
exclusive possession of the free laboring men of
the Republic—North and South—and flung it
open to the foot-prints of the slave and his master;
yon deluded the people with the idea of popu-
lar sovereignty; you have seen that sovereignty
cloven down by invading hordes of armed men;
you have seen the people robbed of their rights ;
and oppressed; you have seen them struggle to I
recover their lost rights, and in all their wrongs
and straggle* you have basely abandoned them— i
ay, yon hare joined their oppressors and aided j
them in the enforcement of their usurped powers '
and unhallowed decrees. Sir, I hold the Adminis-
tration—I hold the majority here—I held the
Democratic party up to the stern verdict of the
civilized world for this abandonment of the peo-
ple of Kansas—this collusion with their oppress-
ors.
The people of Kansas, Mr. President, have not
only been defrauded of their legal and political
rights—oppressed by laws imposed upon them
by foreign force—ana denied all redress, but they
have been invaded, hunted down by armed bands
of thieving marauders, their dwellings burned,
their property stolen, and many of their number
treated with personal violenee, and some of them
brutally murdered. Dwellings have been bat-
tered with cannon, houses have been fired, pressed
destroyed, oxen, horses, and other property, sto-
len, and men foully murdered, and the Adminis-
tration and its officials in the Territory have no
time to spare front the infamous work of subdu-
ing the friends of free Katun#-tfr the arrest ectti ■
punishment of the men who have illumined the
midnight skies with the lurid light of sacked and
burning dwellings of the people—men who have
inaugurated the era A robbery, violence, and
murder.
In the closing days of November, just before
the meeting of the present Congress, Dow was
shot down in the highway—murdered in cold blood
by Coleman, without cause, and without warning.
Was Coleman promptly arrested for this cold-
blooded murder by yonr official authorities ? Did
Governor Shannon exert himself to bring to jus-
tice the murderer? Coleman was not brought to
trial. Branson, in whose family Dow lived, under
the excitement of the moment, dropped some rash
and hasty expressions. Branson was arrested—
Coleman,the cold-blooded murderer, was allowed
togo with impunity wherever he chose. The party
that took Branson from his home—from his bed
—was met several miles from Lawrence by sev-
eral of his friends and neighbors, and invited to
leave his new acquaintances, and join his old
friends, and he accepted the invitation. Then it
was that your Governor Shannon—a man utterly
unfit, as you all know, to be the Governor of that
Territory—for he could not govern so small a spe-
cimen of humanity as himself—issued his hasty
proclamation—called out the militia, and tele-
graphed your President for authority to call out
Colonel Sumner's dragoons. Then it was that
fifteen hundred men from western Missouri in-
vaded the Territory, marched to the banks of the
Wakarusa, with threats to wipe out Lawrence,
and drive the firee-State men out of the Territory
—then it was that the people of Lawrence were
compelled to expend $20,000 to put themselves in
a condition to protect their homes, their families,
and their lives. Then it was that they appealed
to Colonel Sumner for protection; but they made
the appeal in vain. Colonel Sumner waited day
a^ter day with his horses saddled, ready to move
to the protection of beleaguered Lawrence the
moment he received his orders from the President;
but orders to protect the people of Lawrence never
came. Shannon, becoming alarmed at the storm
he had raised, made a treaty with the people of
Lawrence, and then sent to their homes in Mis-
souri, Atchison and his retainers. While these
armed bands were encircling Lawrence, Barber,
a man respected and beloved, was cowardly mur-
dered—murdered, it is believed, by Clark, your
Indian agent—a man said to be the meanest offi-
! eial character in the Territory; but that is saying
a great deal—for Shannon and Leeompte are
there yet. Has die Administration removed this
reputed murderer ? Has the Administration
' caused any investigation intothesech arges again st
one of your officiate? Have Senators who have
the ear of power requested the President to
remove this man, who is said to have boasted
that he " saw the fur fly" when the ball from
his revolver hit poor Barber in the back, as he
rode along the highway? From this reputed
murderer the President has received official dis-
patches, which he has laid before the Senate as
evidence against the free-State men. Dow and
Barber sleep beneath the virgin sod of Kansas.
Coleman and Clark, their reputed murderers, go
unpunished; one guides border ruffianism in its
forays; the other sends dispatches to vour Presi-
dent, retains the confidence of this Administra-
tion, and his office—which he doubtless prizes
quite as highly as he does the continued confi-
dence of the Administration.
The dastardly and cowardly assassins of the
heroic Brown, though known, have never been
brought to trial. This gallant soil of the West—
who had periled his life to rescue the clerk of the
election at Leavenworth, on the 15th of December,
for the adoption of the Topeka constitution, from
the murderous assaults or men who stood over
his prostrate form with uplifted axes—was bru-
tally chopped to pieces at the election of members
of the Legislature under the constitution, and then
carelessly tumbled into a cart and trundled to his
home in the agonie# of death, to breathe oat
his life in the arms of his distracted wife. His
cowardly assassins are well known. TheJ are
the recognized file-leaders of armed bands. Your'
law-and-order Governor offers no reward for
their arrest. Your judicial instruments are too
busily engaged in arraigning free-State men for
" high treason," and "constructive treason,"
to bring these cowardly murderers to justice.
Your Indian agent, Gay, of Michigan, was
recently murdered in cold blood by some of
these chivalric sons of the South who followed
the renowned Buford to the conquest of Kansas—
to robbery, pillage, arson, and murder. His
crime was not love of freedom—he was a friend
of the Administration; his crime was the fatal
admission that he came from free Michigan—that
being presumptive proof, in the eyes of thesd
hounds, that he was in flavor of making Kansas
a free State. His murderers have not been
brought to punishment. Your Governor, Shan-
non, furnished arms and ammunition to these
followers of Buford; and these chivalric men
doubtless thought they were putting your arms
and your ammunition to good use, when they
murdered your Indian agent for admitting that
he came from the free State of Michigan. Where
1 are your imbecile officials—your besotted Gov-
1 ernor, your judges, your district attorney, and
your marshal ? Has your Administration sunk
so low that it will not protect the lives or avenge
the death of its own official menials ? Senators
have not denounced this murder of a Government
official; it was an unfortunate mistake, no doubt—
a very unfortunate mistake. The assassins can
plead, if they are ever brought to trial, in mitiga-
tion, that it was all a mistake—that they only
intended to kill a " free-State man"—" an Aboli-
tionist!" Their laudable intentions will doubt-
less be a valid plea in bar before your judicial
functionaries in that Territory.
Sheriff Jones', rewjjrned for his brutal manners
and unflagging zeal for the support of law and
order, went to Lawrence to arrest S. N. Wood,
on the very day when the committee of the House
commenced their sittings in that town. The
Senator from Georgia tells us that he was shot,
and that he may die. There are men who do
not believe that he ever was shot, or that he
will die from any such shots. At any rate, there
has been something very extraordinary in this
case, which can never be explained to the coun-
try. But, even if he had been shot by some one
whom he had wronged, are we to hola the whole
community responsible ? Did not the people of
Lawrence assemble and denounce the act? Did
not Governor Robinson offer a reward of five
hundred dollars for the arrest of the penroit?
Was not every effort made to find out the person
who did the deed jand did not the free-State men,
in and oat of the Territory, condemn the act ?
The ball I hold in my hand was shot through
a boy eighteen years old, the son of a widow.
On his way home from Westport, Missouri, he;
was stopped by these gentry who keep guard
over the passes into the Territory, and required
to give up what he had. He gave up his arms.
They then required him to give up his horse, but
he told them he would not do it. For that he
was shot down; and this ball was taken out of
his lifeless body by a friend of mihe.
I The otheT day the papers brought us tire intel-
ligence that a peaceable citizen of Kansas, a
native of Missouri, wascaptured by the creatures
that prowl in bands ov«lr the Territory, and taken
into a ravine and brutally murdered, shot with
! three balls, for the crime of being a free-State
| man—his slave-State birth increasingtheenormity
of his crime and quickening the vengeance of his
assassins. All these offenses against property,
; all these crimes against liberty and fife, have
passed, up to this hoar, unnoticed by your offi-
cials, unpunished by your judicial tribunals. This
imbecility is contemptible—this neglect is crim-
inal. Truly, your Administration is in " that
pitiable condition "—to use the word* of Lord
Chatham—" wftereiji it is necessary to be con-
temptible!"
It has been atated, during this debate, that the
men who went to Kansas from Georgia ajid South
Carolina, did not go armed. No, sir, they did
not; but when they got into the Territory, Gov-
■ ernor Shannon armed them. They were called
out as part of the military force, and put under
, pay, to support them while they were there. This
I is the fact—the dishonorable fact; there is no
| denying it. Senators do not deny these thing#
now, quite so readily as they did last February,
wheft they1 pitched into me, in open session and
