856
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
in secret session, for what I said here concerning
affairs in Kansas; every word of which was true
in letter and ia spirit.
The Senator from Georgia, Mr. President, has
paid a glowing tribute to the noble attributes and
chivalric character of man y of these border ruffian
gentlemen of western Missouri. I am quite as
ready, I trust, as the Senator from Georgia can
be, to acknowledge moral or intellectual worth, or
to do justice even to mere physical courage; but
I have failed to see anything to admire in the
conduct or bearing of men who, armed to the
teeth, stole into Kansas, and, with the bowie-
knife and revolver, forced their illegal ballots into
the electoral urns. I have failed, sir, to see any-
thing noble, manly, chivalric, in the actions of
men who skulk over the border of Missouri, fire
the lowly cabins of poor settlers, steal their horses
and cattle, and commit personal violence upon
defenseless people, whose only offense is a love
of equal and impartial liberty. Ay, sir, I have
failed altogether even to see anything worthy of
commendation in these gentry whose border and
river exploits in arresting, disarming, and turning
back peaceful emigrants, are borne to us upon
every breeze that comes from beyond the Missis-
sippi. I see in the conduct of these men nothing
to commend—much to condemn. Many of them
may be deluded, but their lawless chiefs deserve
to die felon deaths, and to leave felon names.
The Senator from Georgia threw-out the taunt
that we of the minority would not dare—not
dare—denounce these chivalric heroes before their
faces. I tell the honorable Senator from Georgia
that his taunt falls harmless at my feet. I dare
denounce the conduct of tKcfe towering heroes
of border forays, uninfluenced by their presence
or their absence; I dare denounce their lawless
Yiolence here, anywhere, at any time, in public
or in private; and what I say will not be qualified,
modified, or withdrawn, to please them or their
friends here. I am accustomed to utter my public
opinions concerning measures and men with entire
freedom, and I have never accustomed myself to
retract what I have said, to accommodate any man
or set of men. Border ruffianism and its sup-
porters, in or out of the Capitol, will find that
some of us dare utter our opinions with freedom,
and maintain them with firmness.
In February, Mr. President, General Atchison
—the guilty author of the acts of lawlessness,
yiolence, arid fraud that have marked the history
of Kansas-:—was defended here by the Senators
from Missouri, [Mr. Geyer,] South Carolina,
[Mr. Butler,] and Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] He
was lauded as the prince of good fellows—the
soul of honor and chivalry. Shannon then found
willing defenders here.. But times change—the
people have been heard—and these champions
of border ruffianism are now defended, if at all,
with less alacrity and in more qualified phrases.
To the Senator from Georgia, who has borne his
willing tribute of commendation to the characters
of the. followers of Atchison and Shannon, I
commend the consideration of the words of Dr.
J. V. C. Smith, late Mayor -of Boston. Dr.
Smith is no Abolitionist. The indignant thou-
sands who saw, during his administration, the
court-house in chains, and Anthony Burns es-
corted through the streets of Boston by two thou-
sand soldiers, and surrounded by three hundred
armed special guards, will bear witness to the
feet that he'is no "Abolitionist," no "Black
Republican."
, Dr. Smith gives the following not very flatter-
ing description of these chivalric heroes of west-
ern Missouri:
"Since the United States troops have began to show
themselves ®t different points, the bandits scud before them
Into Missouri, but make frequent incuraions to rob. steal,
and murder. Those I saw at Westport, whose camp was
in the woods only- a few rods out of the Territory, were
young men, rough, coarse, sneering, swaggering, dare-devil-
looking rascals as ever swung upon a gallows. They had
Bot a redeeming trait of character. On the contrary, they
were a horribly profane, whisky-drinking collection of
ruthless desperadoes, whose depredations upon the peace-
able, industrious occupants of the little log huts, which
stand like admiration points in every direction over the far-
distant waving prairies, demand the earnest and immpHi-.to
Interposition of the government.
" The marauders were mounted on horses and mules
jrmed to the teeth with pistols, long knives, and carbines!
They rob travelers, surprise the humble residents of prairie
Rabins, whom they atrip of their valuables, and, in repeated
instances, murder the owner. They drive off cattle, the
property most in request, and steal horses. They oblige a
man lo dismount, and take his horse, and should he remon-
strate or resist, blow his braina out without apology.
" Occasionally the villains make a mistake and kill one
of their own number. Vehicles are stopped, poeket-books
overhauled, and they order persons to quit the Territory
with as much nonchalance as though they were the pro-
prietors of the soil, and the reign of despotism had fairly
commenced. These mounted robbers assume all the re-
morseless characteristics of Italian brigands.'^
These men, thus characterized, and their leader,
Atchison, are held up on the floor of the Ameri-
can Senate as men of noble natures—men of
manly qualities—men of honor and chivalry.
Chivalry! chivalry! I have lately heard that
word so often associated with mean men and vile
deeds, that it seems to be but another name for
baseness, meanness, and cowardice.
The Senator from Georgia refers, in no com-
plimentary tone, to the committee sent by the
House of Representatives to Kansas. He says we
{ill knew what it went for, and what it has brought
back. Sir, it went out to ascertain the facts, and
it has brought back a damning record that neither
the Senator from Georgia nor any other Senator
will ever blot out. That record goes to the coun-
try; and the people are intelligent enough to make
up their judgment on the facts. We are assured
by the Senator that there is to be another report.
There may be another report manufactured, but
the facts will not be changed. You may reason
upon them, report upon them, argue upon them;
but the facts can never be disputed. The fact
stands out that four thousand nine hundred men
from Missouri voted in that Territory in March,
1855, and only one thousand one hundred or one
thousand two hundred of the people who resided
there. This great fact stands proved—admitted—
confessed. Upon this point the whole controversy
hinges. The Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] declared to us the other day that, if the
Kansas Legislature was elected by Missourians,
we ought to abrogate all its laws. That was the
j only honest course for Congress to take. So
thought the Senator from Mississippi—so I
thought. I made the motion to abrogate those
laws, but it was not responded to, although the
fact stands proved that every member of the
Legislature out one was elected by Missouri
votes.
I The Senator from Georgia complains of what
j the Senator from New Hampshire has said in
! reference to removing landmarks. The Senator
j from Georgia and I want no compromise^, about
j slavery. He is for protecting slavery in the Ter-
ritories; I am for blotting it out everywhere un-
der the jurisdiction of the Federal Goyernment in
the Territories. But the compromise of 1830, it
is admitted, was forced upon the free States in
the struggle to prevent slavery from going beyond
the Mississippi river, by making Missouri a free
State. Yes, sir, the compromise was forced upon
the conquered North by the victorious South. The
northern men who then surrendered were broken
down by the betrayed and indignant people of the
North. Buttherecame atime when the Missouri
compromise was an advantage to freedom, and
when that time came, you gentlemen of the South
took it from us. The laboring men of the coun-
i try had looked to the Territory as their heritage.
| The time arrived to occupy it. The slave pow-
er that moves one portion of this country, and the
freedom power which moves the other, had a
struggle over that Territory in these Halls. Sla-
very, as it always has done, triumphed—trium-
ghed by the aid of its northern men. But the
enatorfrom New Hampshire was right in hold-
ing you gentlemen of the South responsible for
removing the "landmarks" of freedom. The
glittering prize was offered by the Senator from
Illinois, but the Senator from Georgia and his
associates clutched it with greedy haste. They
cling to the coveted prize now with deathless
tenacity.
The Senator from Georgia traces the events
that have transpired in Kansas admirably, but
he comes finally to the illogical conclusion, that
the efforts made by the emigrant aid society,
by the people of New England, and of the Nortn,
and by the people of the Territory, to establish
freedom there, are the causes of all the troubles
that afflict the Territory. That Senator, with all
his ability, has given us no evidence whatever
to show that New England men have in any way
outraged the people of that Territory. They are
not in arms; they have never taken up arms but
to defend their homes. They have driven no
men out of the Territory. Hundreds of them
have been driven out—others have been silenced—
they dare not utter their sentiments. Since the bill
of tne Senator from Georgia was introduced, Mr.
President, I have seen several of the leading men
, of the Territory, and I have not yet seen one who
did not believe that^ts adoption at this particular
time, under the present circumstances, will crown
. the usurpations in Kansas, and make it a slave-
holding State. That is their conviction. It is my
conviction.
Mr. WELLER. Has anybody said so except
, Republicans—members of your own party ?
I Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir, I have been told so
by men who have always acted with the Demo-
cratic party—men who have not at least yet de-
clared what they intend to do in the coming con-
test.
These men, sir, may err in their opinions—I
may err in mine, but they believe, and I believe,
, that your bill of pacification is to be a bill of
death to freedom in Kansas. I have watched
events in Kansas with the deepest solicitude, not
for their political significance—for I care little for
party organizations—I follow where the star of
liberty shines upon my path, and I would sacri-
i fice any party if, by so doing, I could advance the
. cause of universal and impartial liberty in Amer-
ica. I have watched, I say, the course of events
in Kansas, and I declare my profound conviction
that the triumph of your measure is the triumph
of the policy of slavery extension. Who can
doubt it? Who can doubt it? The true and
tried friends of free Kansas do not—they cannot
doubt it. You have scattered, arrested, and im-
prisoned the free-State leaders. Your tools have
driven out or silenced hundreds of free-State
men. Your Lecompte has suppressed, as nui-
sances, the free-State papers, or they have been
destroyed by mobs in the interest of the slave-
State men. One free-State paper—the Tribune, at
Topeka—survives unsuppressed;but the Squatter
Sovereign,one of your six border ruffian journals,
that flourished by the patronage of the Adminis-
tration—a journal which, to the shame of the Ad-
ministration, is supported by the advertising of
the Federal Government—a journal that has the
name of James Buchanan at its head, demands, in
this defiant and monstrous spirit, the suppression
of this last journal of the free-State men, and the
butchery of the people of Topeka and Lawrence:
" Several parties have inquired of us, [says the Squatter
Sovereign,] why the law has not been put in force at To-
peka, as well as at Lawrence, against abolition newspapers ?
Topeka is no better than Lawrence; it is also demoralized ;
but it is not so well known abroad. If both Topeka and
Lawrence were blotted out, entirely obliterated, it would
be the best thing for Kansas that could happen. The sooner
the people of Topeka sovnd their death-knell the better; they
are too corrupt and degraded to live. We would like to be
present and raise our Ebenezer in the funeral. It is silly
to suppose for an instant that there can be peace in Kansas
as long as one enemy of the South lives upon her toil, or one
tingle specimen of an Jlbolitionist treads in the sunlight of
Kansas Territory."
I hold the Administration, I hold the Demo-
cratic party, responsible for this assassin-like
language of the Squatter Sovereign—a journal
that feeds upon your bounty—lives by your pat-
ronage. Tne supporters of the Administration,-
the supporters of James Buchanan, dare notwith-
hold the advertising patronage of the Government
from this infamous journal—this organ of border
ruffianism—this mouth-piece of Atchison, String-
fellow, Shannon, and Lecompte.
The Senator from Georgia, as well as the Sen-
ator from Illinois, has indulged in denunciatory,
remarks about the " Black Republican party. .
He wants something descriptive, and he tells us
that "black" describes our republicanism, if
the Senator chooses to call me a " Black Repub-
lican," I have no objection. If he chooses to call
me an " Abolitionist," I do not object to it. ^a'l
me anything you please, sir, but false to freedom,
And I am content. But the Senator has hurled a
threat at us. He says we may elect fifty Fre-
monts, and if the people of Kansas make up their
minds to have slavery, we cannot take it from
their iron grasp. Sir, I do not know how the
the fact is, but it is said that the Senator from
