1592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 10,
them: we carry out the operations of the law
and the action of the naval board, and put into the
Navy the sixty-eight captains in addition to the
thirty-one on the reserved list. It is true there
may not be subsequent appointments; but by
death and resignation the number may be finally
reduced; but that is not, in my opinion, an effect
of the law. It intended to prevent an increase
of the aggregate number of officers, and an in-
crease of pay. We cannot confirm the number
who have been promoted without varying the
principles and the terms of the law itself. 1 ask
those Senators who are present, if they were in
executive session to-day, and these nominations
of the President were up for our action, should
we confirm them, thus giving sanction and va-
lidity, not only to the law, but to the action of
the board? What injustice, according to the
Senator from Louisiana, is there in objecting to
the confirmation of these officers? He says we
have given them their commissions. I deny it.
They have no commissions until they are sanc-
tioned by the Senate in executive session. They
have a quasi commission. They are temporarily
appointed captains by the action of the Executive;
but they are not captains in the Navy until they
shall be confirmed by this body in executive ses-
sion. They understand that as well as we do.
They took these commissions with that condi-
tion precedent, and with that understanding, with
a full knowledge of the consequences; and no
injustice will be done to them by rejecting the
confirmation of the appointments. It will not
affect the conduct, or character, or standing, or
acts, of those persons who have heretofore boon
in this capacity—not at all. The amendment of
my colleague looks to the future, and does that by
way of an amendment to this bill, which, I trust
and believe, the Senate would do if they were
acting in executive session on these appoint-
ments. I am not willing, by my voice or vote,
to sanction a proceeding by which the officers of
the Navy have been cut down in this cruel and
heartless manner by an unwise and unjust law,
and by an arbitrary and oppressive proceeding
on the part of those'who have executed it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, X do not
rise to debate this question, but to express the
hope that we shall come to a vote upon it. We
have discussed the subject for about six months.
The Secretary of the Navy discussed it in the
first place in his annual report, and gentlemen
have spoken to-day who hav# spoken at least
half a aozen times before. The presumption is,
that the members of this body have some knowl-
edge of the public business, and that we are
therefore prepared to vote at some time. After
six months'consideration of a subject, it does
seem to me that we ought to come to a vote, or
at any rate fix a day when we shall take a vote.
I doubt whether there is a member of this body
who has not his mind already made up. I ven-
ture to say that every member is prepared either
to declare that the naval board, the Secretary of
the Navy, and the President of the United States
are right, or that their proceedings must be over-
turned. I hope we shall either take a vote to-day
or fix some day in the early part of next week
when we shall take a vote, and go on with the
public business.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I do not know
anymore important branch of public business
than the subject under consideration, affecting the
whole Navy of the United States and that military
arm of the country. I am perfectly willing to
take a vote at any moment that it may be the
pleasure of the Senate to do it; but with every
desire to advance the public business, I presume
Senators must have an opportunity of perfecting,
if they can, the details of this bill, whatever time
it may consume. I wish to say a word or two
upon it.
I understand the honorable chairman of the
Naval Committee and the Senator from Louisiana
to say that it will be in the power of the President,
under the bill proposed by the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to restore those officers who have
been retired, and who it shall be subsequently
found have been dropped or retired through mis-
apprehension or mistake, doing injustice to the
Navy, thereby removing the injustice that has
been done.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I mean to say that is' the
intention, as 1 understand, which the friends of
the bill desire to carry out, and they are ready to
reccive every amendment to effect that object, to
restore offi-^rs dropped or retired, if it shall be
.found on inquiry that injustice has been done,
precisely to that position in the Navy which they
would now occupy if they had not been acted
upon by the board.
Mr. MASON. That such is the purpose I do
not question; but I want to know how it can be
done if the promotions which have been sent to
the Senate are confirmed. According to my rec-
ollection, thirty-four captains have been dropped
or disrated, and the law considers that those
who have been disrated have created vacancies to
the same extent as those who have been dropped;
and it follows, under the law of the last session,
that thirty-four commanders have been promoted
to captaincies. Now, looking at the list which
is before me, I find that the first seven command-
ers on the Register have been either dropped or
retired, and in consequence the seven next below
them have been promoted to captaincies. Then,
if it should be found that one or more of these
seven of the first named commanders—I take
them only to illustrate the position—have been
unjustly retired or dropped, and they be restored
to the service, where will they stand?
Mr. BENJAMAN, They will stand above
everybody whom they stood above before, and
consequently will be captains.
Mr. MASON. How can they stand above
everybody whom they stood above before, unless
they are not only restored to their positions as
commanders, but, as part of the same act, are
made captains in the Navy ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. They are to be placed
back in the Navy, according to the bill of the
committee, in the same position which they
would have occupied at the date of the passage
of the act, if they had never been stricken from
the roll or acted on by the board.
Mr. BUTLER. Subject, I suppose, to inves-
tigation ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Unquestionably.
Mr. IVERSON. I wish to ask the Senator
from Louisiana a question. If the Senate con-
firms the nomination of captains, there will be
sixty-eight active captains. Suppose the board
of review, proposed by the bill of the committee,
should restore twenty to their original position
of captains: then there would be eighty-eight
captains. Would it not thus increase the whole
number? Does anybody want to increase the
number of captains?
Mr. M ASON. I shall be gratified if the chair-
man of the committee will tell me how it will be
in the power of the President, under the bill
which he has reported, to take any one or more
of the seven commanders, now on the reserved
list as commanders, and put them on the active
list as commanders, and, at the same time, in
order to give them the place which they would
have held if they had not been retired, make them
post captains, and give them seniority according
to the commissions which they held before they
were superseded, as superseded they will be if
these commissions nre affirmed. Now, if that is
not done, where will these officers stand ? They
will be put back to the position which they held
at the time they were retired, and that will be to
make them commanders on the active list; and
they will be sent to sea in that grade, under the
command of their juniors, who have been pro-
moted under a law which we arc now about to
pronounce to have been misinterpreted, or in
some mode to have effected injustice to these men.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is not the intention
of the bill of the committee. If the gentleman
thinks that bill will produce such an effect, any
amendment to obviate it will no doubt be cheer-
fully accepted. The intention is, that every offi-
cer who goes back into the Navy on the ground
that he was improperly acted upon, shall go back
at the head of every officer who was his inferior
when he was put oat of the Navy or reserved.
Mr. MASON". As f understand the bill of the
committee, it does not propose to extend relief by
its legislation to any others than to those who
have been dropped.
Mr. BAYARD. Itleaves the relief entirely to
the Executive. That is my objection to it.
Mr. MASON. The President now has the
power.
■ Mr. BAYARD. Entirely.
Mr. MALLORY. I have explained why it
was that the committee omitted the furloughed
and retired officers. I have before me a bill
amended in my own hand-writing, to includc
them, and have informed the Senate that the com-
mittee would cheerfully acquiesce in extending
the court of inquiry to the furloughed and retired
officers as well as to those who have been dropped.
If, however, as the honorable Senator from Louis-
iana observes, the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia thinks this bill does not sufficiently guard
the restoration of the officer to his former position,
with his acquired promotion under the reform bill,
all I ask is, that he introduce such an amendment
as will accomplish the purpose, and the commit-
tee will accept it with pleasure. That is what
they design. There is no concealment on the sub-
ject. They are tryingto restore officers who have
been improperly displaced, to the position which
they would occupy if they had not been touched
by the naval board; and if the bill does not do it,
I invite amendment.
Mr. MASON. If the honorable chairman of
the committee has an amendment by which to
effect that which I seek to attain, I should be very
happy to hear it read. I have never seen it.
Will the chairman be good enough to have it
read ?
Mr. MALLORY. I have not drawn up for
presentation an amendment to that effect, but the
Senator can prepare one if he desire to do so.
Mr. TOOMBS. It seems that the Committee
on Naval Affairs have not reported all that they
intend to do. Until I see their bill as they wish
to make it, I do not know what action they pro-
pose. It seems that since I was up before, they
are willing to do something more. I am glad to
find that they seem to be progressive, in this
state of things I will withdiaw my amendment,
for the purpose of allowing them to present their
bill to the Senate before I submit my proposition.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say to the Senator
from Georgia that I was absent at the door the
moment when the bill was taken up, and I was
not hPe when his substitute was called up.
Mr. TOOMBS. The best and most parlia-
mentary way for me to act will be to withdraw
my proposition, for the purpose of allowing the
committee to perfect their bill. I wish to sec
what they desire to present to the Senate and the
country as their measure.
Mr. MASON. All I desire is that justice shall
be done to those to whom injustice has been done.
If the alleged vacancies are filled by commissions
which we are informed have been issued creating
a number of new captains to fill vacancies which
I consider in contemplation of law never existed;
but yet, if they are confirmed, making thereby a
new batch of officers ofcaptains from commanders,
and commanders from lieutenants, I do not see
how we can work out the problem to take these
men who remain now commanders and put them
over the heads of captains, and take those now
lieutenants and put them over the heads of com-
manders, without producing a degree of confusion
that would be seriously injurious to the service.
It may be possible to do it, but I should like to
see the machinery by which it is proposed to be
done, and to have time to understand and delib-
erate upon it. I should be pleased, therefore, to
have the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs offer his amendments, and allow us to
examine them.
Mr. MALLORY. The first amendment I pro-
pose to offer, is in the first section, after the word
44 dropped," to insert, 6i furloughed or retired,"
so as to allow them to go before the court of
inquiry provided for the dropped officers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Picsident, I am very
anxious to comc to some satisfactory conclusion
consistent with justice on this bill. I ha\e been
decidedly opposed to the mode in which these
officers have been disrated and removed. The
tribunal, I believe, is the most irresponsible that
could have been created in anyway, taking from
the President, as the representative of all the offi-
cers, his sole responsibility to decide whether they
should be removed, or what should be done with
them. , In that point of view, I am very glad that
the committee have opened a tribunal by which
justice, in some measure, may be attained. It
never can be attained perfectly, because the sen-
tence which has already gone out has touched the
