1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reputation of these gentlemen, and it is not in the
power of any tribunal to restore anything but an
abstract right.
Now, as I understand this bill—the Senators
from Louisiana, and Florida have explained it
very clcarly—there will be no active captains of
those who have been retired, disrated, or dropped,
until they have passed the ordeal provided by the
proposition of the Senator from Georgia, or that
of the committee. Before any of these officers
will be restored to take their rank in statu quo ante
judicio, they must pass the ordeal of having a
scire facias served on them to show cause why
they should not take the places from which they
have been removed.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator mistakes my bill
entirely. I hold that the proceedings were illegal
and void, and I restore every one who appeals
from them, eo instanti.
tMr. RCJTLER. 1 'am speaking, then, of the
bill of the committee. My opinion is, as ). have
before intimated on this floor, that the jurisdiction
of this tribunal was unconstitutional. In that
respect, I very much incline to the opinion of the
Senator from Georgia, though I will not give it
as a positive conclusion. I say, however, that
it is now in our power, within the purview of the
bill proposed by the committee, to open a tribunal
to say who shall come back, and who shall remain
out of the Navy. I have no doubt that a great
many will remain out; a great many will not come
forward to stand the trial; a great many who do
come forward may go out with a different judg-
ment on them; I know there arc some who will
come back better perhaps so far as regards their
condition now, restored in some measure by the
trial. I do not believe there will be a large num-
ber come back. I do not believe you will add to
the Navy a very great number of these officers.
Many of the old retired officers will be content
with their condition. Some who will come in,
and claim the right of investigation, will go out
perhaps dissatisfied. There are some who will
come back, and ought to come back—men who
have been dismissed without trial, and upon
whom I think an unjust judgment has operated.
I do not exactly know how I shall vote on these
different propositions. The inclination of my
mind is to that intimated by the Senator from
Georgia. I think this whole proceeding was
precipitate. The legislation certainly was precip-
itate. It certainly was not intelligent. It brought
within the purview of this act a power of pro-
scription which ought to have been allowed in no
country 011 earth, and especially not in a country
professing to be governed by the common rules
of justice. The reply made by the Senator from
Florida, however, is a very strongone. Our faith
is involved, to some extent, to carry out the pro-
fusions of the law, and as some officers have been
promoted under it, good faith requires us, to some
extent, to maintain our own act and the provis-
ions of the law, under the operation of which
they acquired this promotion. Cut I do not
believe the tribunal was lawful; I believe it was
an intervention between the President and his
responsibility; taking away from the officer his
only security, refuge in the exclusive responsi-
bility of the President of the United States,
without any of these appliances by which the
sentence might be commended to him—destroy-
ing that very responsibility which would insure
justice.
There are some verbal amendments which I
shall suggest to the Senator from Georgia, that
are necessary in his proposition, and which I
think he will adopt to carry out his views. I
never will give the' court, as he provides in his
bill, power of recommending to the President to
dismiss this man or disrate that man. i will
simply give power to that court of inquiry to
report the faetsto the President, and let him take
the responsibility. I do not want a. lccommend-
aiiou to eo to the President to remove this man
or that man; and I am sure, if my friend will
take this point into consideration, he will simply
,Sviy ihcy shall find the faets and submit them to
the President, and let him take the responsibility
of wayinsi whether they authorize him, as Chief
Magistrate of the Government and head of the
Navy, 10 dismiss the man. I want no appliances
to save the President or any constitutional func-
tionoiv from doing his duty.
I think there will not be much difference
1593,
whether we pass the bill of the Senator from
Georgia, or that of the committee, for I have no
doubt many will not come back. There are
many that will not apply to come back, and, no
doubt, some who apply will not get back. I
know some will come back; and if there were a
thousand cases, and two of injustice, those two
on which the law has operated unjustly ought to
have an opportunity to right themselves before
the country. That is my opinion on the subject.
I have no doubt this board in some instances
attained a satisfactory conclusion; but the mode
was so abhorrent to my notions of justice that 1
would go almost any length to break it down as
a precedent; though I am not now prepared to
say how I can vote 011 these amendments. I
should like more time to look over them minutely.
I am sure I cannot agree to that part of the propo-
sition of the Senatorfrom Georgia %\^ch author-
izes the court to recommend to the resident. 1
want no such recommendations.
Mr. MALLORY. The second amendment of
the committee is 
Mr. BAYARD. The vote has not been taken
on the first amendment, I think.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) The first amendment has been
adopted.
Mr. BAYARD. I want to state an objection
to it, for it involves my objection to the bill, and
I wish to state it very briefly. My view of this
law is, that the law itself was originally wrong;
that an erroneous construction was given to it,
making it still more wrong; and to the extent to
which Congress possesses the power, I would
place things as they were before the passage of
the law. Therefore, as to the retired officers, my
view is to restore them all, providing, at the same '
time, a proper tribunal, by which those who
ought to be retired, whether they have been before
or not, may be retired by the President.
Mr. MALLORY. I think my friend is under
a mistake: The vote has been taken on that
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir, it has
been adopted.
Mr. BAYARD. I did not hear any vote taken.
Mr. MASON". It can be accomplished by a
reconsideration. I move a reconsideration of the
vote by which the amendment was adopted.
Mr. BAYARD. I heard 110 vote.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question was stated to be on the adoption of
the amendment of the committee in the first sec-
tion, after the word "dropped," to insert the
words, " furloughed or retired."
Mr. BAYARD. As the section stands I ap-
prove of it, because it is the only relief we can
give, in my judgment, to the officers who were
dropped; but the moment you insert retired or
furloughed officers, as they are called there,
(though they are all retired officers on furlough
or leave pay,) you are giving less remedy than I
think they are entitled to. You are fixing men
in this position; they have been retired without
trial, and without hearing, and you now say you
will give them a trial and a hearing as to whether
they shall be restored. If you have the power
to restore them, I think you are bound to restore
them on the ground that they have been retired
without a trial and a hearing. As regards the I
dropped officers, you have not that direct power, ]
in my judgment; and therein I differ from the 1
honorable Senator from Georgia, and approve the ;
section of the bill of the committee as it stands, }
and have introduced it in the substitute which I !
mean to offer. _ 1
But if it be amended in the mode proposed, it |
takes away the remedy which I think you can
administer in the case of a retired officer by
placing him where he stood, by legislation, in
the Navy, in the line of service, and at the same
time providing, in some other mode, how_ the
President may properly scan the^ whole Navy
list, and retire, 011 a permanent retired list, such
officers as ought to be retired. That is my ob-
jection to the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I wish the chairman to state
what difference it will produce.
Mr. MALLORY. This bill, as reported, pro-
vided a remedy to dropped officers. The com-
mittee expected an amendment to be offered em-
bracing the retired and furloughed. On^ the
suyestion of friends around me I have offered
that amendment, embracing furloughed and re-
tired officers.
Mr. HALE. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The second amendment i3
offered on the suggestion that some of those offi-
cers, since the bill was reported, have left the
country, and may be beyond the reach of intelli-
gence m time. I move that the word " thirty"
be stricken out in the first section, and " sixty"
inserted, so as to give the officers sixty days to
apply for this remedy instead of thirty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest whether
that is time enough ? Some of these officers may
be in Europe or California.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say ninety days.
That certainly will bo sufficient.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. At the end of the first sec-
tion I propose to insert:
That when the President shall nominate an officer for
restoration to the active list of the Navy, the officer so
restored shall occupy that position and rank m the Navy
winch he would have held had he not been acted on by
the naval board and the Executive.
- Ill my judgment it did not need this; but to
meet the views of gentlemen who require greater
security, I propose the amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suggest a slight change
of the amendment, so as to read: " When an offi-
cer shall be restored to office by nomination by
the President by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate."
Mr. MALLORY. I accept that modification.
Mr. MASON. That raises the inquiry at once,
is it competent to Congress to do that ? The
amendment proposes that when the President
shall restore an officer to the active list who has
been dropped or retired from it, he shall occupy
that rank in the Navy which he would have
occupied if he had not been disrated or dropped.
Is it competent to Congress to do it? If it is, as
I understand, it is competent to Congress to dic-
tate to the President whom he shall nominate to
any rank in the Navy. I do not see that the
President can be made by legislation to nominate
one to take a rank in the Navy which the law
shall prescribe. Therefore I do not see that the
amendment will answer.
Mr. CRITTENDEN". I suggest to my friend
from Virginia whether the most expeditious way
to proceed with this bill is not to permit the chair-
man of the committee to go on and perfect it? Let
him perfect it, and we can place in competition
with it the amendment to the whole bill which is
prepared and printed, and with which we are all
acquainted. Allow these gentlemen to make their
bill just what they please, and then offer the
amendment which is before us, and which seems,
I believe, to concentrate pretty much the opinion
of those who are opposed to the views taken by
the Naval Committee.
Mr. MASON. I would agree, entirely as a
matter of propriety and courtesy, to allow the
chairman of the committee to perfect this bill,
provided, according to parliamentary rules and
the rules of the Senate, we can get at the subject
after the bill is so amended. [" Certainly we
can."] Now it had seemed to me, in looking at
the subject, (and I have looked at it with some
care.) that so far as our opinions are concerned, I
do not know liow far they conform to those of
the majority of the Senate. I should be satisfied
by a remedy to this extent: to take the first sec-
tion of the bill proposed by the Naval Commit-
tee; strike out all the rest of it, and add to it the
bill proposed by the gentleman from Georgia.
My fear was that if, by a vote of the Senate, the
bill was amended as proposed by the chairman
of the committee, we might not be able to attain
that end. I shall not interfere further.
Mr. BUTLER. I am satisfied, after this con-
versation, that it is the disposition of the Senate
to come to some fair conclusion. I am sure I
should be more satisfied if tfre conclusion were
postponed till to-morrow, and let my friend from
Flonda perfect his bill, with many of the features
of which I agree.
Mr. MALLORY. There is only one material
amendment further, and in five minutes i shall
be done with all the amendments of the commit-
tee which 1 have to offer. I dislike very much
to postpone this bill. It has been waiting the
action of the Senate for nearly five months.
