1504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
Mr, MASON. I will suggest, if the chairman
of the committee be good enough to perfect his
bill, that the bill as amended be then printed, and
we shall be able to understand it, and vote on it
to-morrow morning. Itisnownearly four o'clock.
Jfhe amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest to the
chairman of the committee one alteration of an
amendment which has been made. The word
44ninety"lias been inserted instead of "thirty.M
I would suggest that that will not meet all pos-
sible cages. There is one officer at any rate who
1 know is absent on a voyage to the East Indies,
and that time will not reach his case. I would
suggest whether he would not be willing to insert
after the words " passage hereof," " and if absent
from the United States at the time of the passage
of this act, then within thirty days after his re-
turn?" He may be absent a considerable period
after the act passes, and if the act should not come
to his knowledge he might lose the opportunity.
Mr. MALLORY. Ihave no objection to an
amendment to meet a case of that kind.
Mr. BUTLER. The court may be dispersed
by that time.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. I will reduce ray propo-
sition to writing.
Mr. MALLORY. I will agree to the amend-
ment when reduced to writing.
Mr. BENJAMIN. While the Senator from
Maine is attending: to that amendment, I suggest
an amendment to the Senator from Florida to
add the last clause he proposed to the second sec-
tion instead of to the first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Welle*.)
That order will be made if there be no objection.
The Chair hears no objection.
The amendment added to the second section
is:
That when an officer shall be restored to the service by
the President, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, lie shall occupy that position and rank in the Navy
which be would have held had he not been acted on by
tile naval board and the Executive.
Mr.HALE. Doesnotthatamendmentrequire
the word "active," before "service?" It sneaks
of persons restored to the service. It applies to
retired officers. I ask whether the phraseology
should not be "active scrvice?"
Mr. MALLORY. They are to occupy that
position in the Navy which they would have
occupied ifnotacted on by the board or the Execu-
tive.
Mr. HALE. But it says that the President
shall restore them to service. Ought it not to be,
"on the active list?" They are in the service now.
I speak of it as a matter of phraseology.
Mr. MALLORY. I think it is perfect without
it, because he is to occupy the place that he
would have occupied if not acted on by the board.
Mr. HALE. Let it s;o for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The phrase-
ology of the last amendment has been changed,
and perhaps it had bettor be read to the Senate.
The Secretary read as follows:
Insert the following at the end of section two;
That, when any such officer shall be restored to the Navv,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, the offi-
cer so restored shall occupy that position and rank in the
Navy which he would have held had he not been retired,
furlouglied, or dropped, by the order of the President, or the
report of the naval board.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment I have
to move is, to strike out the word " all," in the
seventh section, and insert in lieu of it, " such,"
so as to assign to the scientific corps "such
duties."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The last amendment which
I have to offer is in the seventeenth section, to
insert the words "together with the professors
of mathematics of the Navy," after the word
Navy, so as to include them in the scientific
corns.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi. FESSENDEN. I have reduced to writing
the amendment which I proposed, as suga-estea
by the chairman of the committee. It is, to in-
sert, in the first section, after the word " hereof "
the words " or within thirty days after the return
of any officerabsent from the United States at the i
time of the passage of this act, provided he shall |
return withm one year after the passage of this t
act." |
Mr. MALLORY. I will accept that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I now move that the bill as
amended lie on the table and be printed, with the
understanding, as far as I am concerned, that we
shall take it up to-morrow, and go through with
it as far as practicable.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Say Monday instead of
to-morrow. To-morrow is private bill day.
Mr. MASON. I am willing.
Mr. ADAMS. Why not say Saturday ?
Mr. BIGGS. I desire to suggest to the Sena-
tor from Virginia to withdraw his motion, to en-
able me to move an amendment. I am opposed
to one section of this bill, although I am in favor
of the general principle intended to be attained
by the bill. The section to which I allude is the
sixth section, which creates the grade of admiral
in the naval service.
Mr. MiwON. I withdraw my motion for the
present, to allow that amendment.
Mr. BIGGS. I move to strike out the section
in the following words:
Sec . 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the grade of admi-
ral in the naval service be, and the same is hereby, revived ;
and that if, in the judgment of the President, the past emi-
nent services of any naval captain shall entitle him to such
distinction, he shall be autliouzed, by and with the advice
and eon-sent of the Senate, to commission such officer as
admiral of the Navy.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I wish to try one more amend-
ment. I move to strike out the seventh section,
in the following words :
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That there slmll be
established a corps, to be called " The Scientific Corps of
the Navy," to which shall be assigned such duties peuain-
ui? to the naval observatory, the preparation of the nautical
almanac, and such duties pertaining to the hydrographicai
department, and such other s>cientitic duties conneetcd with
the naval service as the Secretaiy of the Navy may, fiotn
time to time, prescribe, or as maybe prescribed byliw.
The scientific corps shall consist of one captain, two com-
manders, ten lieutenants, and seven masteis, who shall he
taken from the active and reserved lists of the Navy, and
who shall be commissioned as belonging to stud coips, and
whossliaU,ia all respects, as officcis of the Navy, together
with the prnleisoi-s of mathematics of the Navy, bebub|CU to
the rules and regulations of the Navy, and to the orders of
the Navy Department. They shall rank with officers of
similar grades n> rh<> aeuve =crvioo of the Navy, but shall
not he entitled to military command. Ptomotion -hnll be
within the corps, and shall be regulated by the lulos winch
govern promotion m the acuve seivice, and the captain of
the corps shall, by vnfue of his office, be supenntendontof
the Naval Observatory: Provided, That after the oiganiza-
tion of said corps as afoiesaid, appointments thereto shall
be made only from the graduates of the Naval Academy.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not wish to abandon
this section. I believe, Mr. President, that the
interests of the country imperatively demand that
there should be an organization of this kind to
perform certain scientific duties. The Navy has
at all times engaged in the scientific department
some of its best officers, and they attained em-
inence and proficiency just in proportion to the
time spent in that employment, and they lost the
efficiency of an active sea officer just in that pro-
portion. The discussions here have disclosed
that one of the most eminent officers we have, in
a scientific point of view has been on shore six-
teen years. He has rendered important service
to the country, and it is unfair that he should be
deprived of his rank and eminence because he has
not seen sea duty; and yet, who would be willing
to place him on a ship's deck to fight the battles
of the country ?
This does not entail any expense. "What ar-
gument is there against it? We have a number
of officers educated at Annapolis, where lliey re-
ceive an education now nearly equal, ifnot entirely
equal, to that at West Point; who evince an apt-
itude for scientific pursuits, and none, perhaps,
for the duties of a sea officer. The bill proposes
to give the Secretary of the Navy power to select
these men and place them in a corps by them-
selves, so that when you wish an officer in the
Navy, you may always rely on him for going to
sea, and have special officers for these duties.
In this respect we but follow the example of
Great Britain and France.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to ask the Senator one
question. Will not that very organization over-
slaugh and supersede the present head of the
Observatory? He is not a captain, and probably
never will be a captain.
Mr. MALLORY. The honorable Senator
from Mississippi seems to understand that at the
formation of the corps a captain shall be taken.
That is not the bill. The corps, when formed,
shall consist of a captain, and others, but you
may take a commander if you please. I can
only say that the committee had an earnest desire
that that distinguished officer should be at the
head of the corps, and I will read the clause for
his benefit:
"The scientific corps shall consist of a captain, two com-
manders, ten lieutenants, and seven masters."
The honorable Senator seems to think that
when an officer is taken to be at the head of the
corps he shall be a captain when taken; but he
is not actually ranked as captain.
Mr. BAYARD. I know of no part of the bill
to which I am more opposed than the seventh
section. I shall not detain the Senate by enter-
ing into a detail of the objections, but shall con-
fine myself to a bare statement. I think the
attempt to organize a corps in the Navy, who
arc officers and not officers, who are not entitled
to military rank and are yet a branch of the
naval service, will end in the destruction of the
service. I shall vote against tho whole bill if it
contains this section, even if I approve the rest
of it. Otherwise, I shall vote to strike out this
section, because I think it exceedingly injurious.
Mr. CLAYTON. I desire to state very briefly
my own objection to this section. I will not say
that I shall vote against the whole bill if the
seventh section be retained, but I cannot under-
stand the principle on which a scientific corps is
to be made up in the Navy. Why, sir, if we
want scientific men we can find them all over the
country—men much higher in science than any
we have in the Navy, or are like to find there, f
have no idea of supporting a mere corps of savans,
and calling them naval officers on the ground
that they have been commissioned as such,
though they have seen no sea service. Besides,
it will create a class that will excite great jealousy
and bad feeling* in the Navy. One set of men
■will be understood to be shore men, gentlemen of
ease, who are never to perform any duty at sea,
and yet to rank as high, and be honored as much
as the naval heroes of the United States. Sir, I
want no men in the Navy but those who are
capable of commanding a ship in all weathers, and
fighting her in all battles. I want in the Navy
I none of those who are fit only to adorn the halls
I of a college. The Navy and Army are not suit-
| able places for your star and moon gazers—your
| great astronomers and philosophers, who are unfit
| for sea service, or unaccustomed to it. I esteem
I these men m their own way, and am willing to
1 reward and honor them for their science ; but I
would not put them in the Navy and give them
the rank of captains, the highest order of officers
we have. I earnestly hope the proposition of the
Senator from New Hampshire will prevail, and
. this section be stricken out.
j Air. BENJAMIN. I merely desire, without
i discussing this question, to enforce the views of
the Senators who have just addressed the Senate,
by reading a passage from a letter which I have
received from a distinguished officer in the Med-
iterranean on this subject, and which presents
such practical views that I think they will strike
the mind of every Senator:
" If a special corps is created, call it hydrographicai, as-
tronomic, paiabohc, or what you please, some of the clever-
est men of the Navy will be called to 1511 it, and to that
extent the Navy will be weakened; for, with their special
duties, they will soon have a sepaiate interest. But this
is not the only evil to be apprehended. To this corp-^—in
order to employ them—will he assigned all astronomical,
hydrographicai, and ordnance duties, and thus these im-
portant branches of professional knowledge will be confined
to the few. to the great practical disadvantage of the &ervtcr
at large. As matters now stand, officers on returning from
a ciuise are constantly bemgassigned to duly at the Obseiv-
atory, to ordnance duty, and upon the Coast Survey; and
although they do not heeome as proficient as Maury, or
Dahlgieen, or Cache, they make valuable acquirement
which they carry back with them to the service afloat, and
thus much practical and important information is dissem-
inated through the various ranks of the Navy, and hpnee it
is that you may find on boaid every ship in commission an
astronomer, an ordnance officer, and a surveyor."
I think these reasons are practical and satis-
factory to everybody.
The question being taken on the motion to
strike out the clause, it was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I renew my motion, to lay the
bill on the table, and that it be printed.
Mr. MALLORY. I should like my friend
from Virginia to say when he expects to get the
bill up again.
