1596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
proper to institute. And I will say further, that
I am authorized to say that the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds could have had
any information they had sought in refercncc to
any official connected with that Department if
they had applied to the proper source.
I desire to say further, that although there may
be no direct charge against the Secretary of the
Treasury, yet the rcsftlution of the gentleman
from Ohio is couched in such language as to carry
with it an insinuation against the "honesty and
integrity of that officer. I care not by whom the
investigation is made; and I hope the gentleman
from Arkansas [Mr. Greenwood] will withdraw
his motion to amend, and allow the gentleman
from Ohio to have the investigation in his own
way. I want him to direct this matter as he
pleases, and I care not how rigid the examina-
tion may be. If there be charges against the
officers of the Treasury Department, or of any
other Department of the Government, I want
them to be fully investigated. I want all the facts
brought to light, and if it shall appear that they
have been guilty of peculation upon the Treasury,
I, for one, will go for punishing them.
Mr. BALL. I desire to .say that I have no
objection to the amendment of the gentleman from
Arkansas. I care not what committee investi-
gates the matter.
Mr. GREENWOOD. As I said before, I
make no opposition whatever to the passage of
this resolution. I hope it will bo passed. X will
say to the House that I offered my amendment,
not because I did not suppose the Speaker would
appoint a committee that would fairly investigate
the matter, but I believed that the Committee on
the Public Buildings and Grounds, which had
made an examination of this matter, was perhaps
better prepared to proceed with the investigation
than any new committee which could be ap-
pointed; but, m accordance with the request of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Buunett,J
and of several gentlemen around me, I cheerfully
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BTJRISFETT. In accordance to my prom-
ise, made to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
I now renew the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask the gentleman
from Kentucky to withdraw the demand for the
previous question for a moment. "
Mr. BURNETT. I will withdraw the demand,
at the request of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. COBB. The resolution offered by tlic gen-
tleman from Ohio provides that this committee
may report at any time, in whole or in part. I
think that is wrong. I think they should report
in the usual form. I request the gentleman from
Ohio to strike out that part of the resolution, and
allow the committee, when they have concluded
their work, to report in the usual form, and not
report until they have completed their work. I
see no reason why they should bring here a part
of their report, presenting one side of the ques-
tion; presenting one view; presenting the testi-
mony in part, and afterwards come in with the
remaining part, after public opinion has been
made up upon that partial report. I make the
suggestion to the gentleman from Ohio, and hope
he will adopt the modification I have named.
Mr. B(XRiN KTT. I have 110 doubt of the sin-
cerity of the declaration made by the gentleman
from Ohio, that he desires nothing but what is
fair in connection with this matter. I have not
examined the language of the resolution, but I
certainly agree with the gentleman from Georgia,
that the committee which is to take charge of the
subject should be required to make their report
as a whole. Let us have all of the facts, and all
the testimony, at one time. Do not let us have a
part of it at a time. If it is the purpose of the
gentleman to elucidate the whole truth, and noth-
ing but the truth, then the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Georgia is certainly a proper one.
1 desire, however, that the gentleman from Ohio
shall direct the investigation in his own way, and
I will therefore make no motion, but leave the
whole matter in his hands.
Mr. BALL. The gentleman from Kentucky
seemed to insinuate that I had, by offering this
resolution, done something to implicate the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. Now, if he will examine
the language of the resolution, he will see that if
any insinuation whatever is made against that
officer, it is made in the affidavit which is em-
bodied in the preamble, and not in the resolution.
I embodied that affidavit in the resolution because
I did not suppose I could in any other way get
the resolution before the House. As the resolu-
tion was originally drawn, it did not include the
affidavit. "I endeavored, unsuccessfully, to get
the floor on Monday, for the purpose of offering
the resolution. I did not suppose there was any
other way in which the facts could be laid before
the House, andl therefore embodied this affidavit
in a preamble to the resolution, for that purpose.
There is nothing in the resolution itself going to
cast any reflection upon the Secretary of the
Treasury, or upon any other officer; if any such
reflection is cast, it is by the affidavit.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Burnett] says that he is anxious that I should
direct this investigation in my own way. Sir, I
say to that gentleman, and to the House, what I
said when the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Greenwood] offered his amendment, that I do
not care the value of a straw whether a select
committee is raised to investigate this matter, or
whether the investigation is made by some other
committee. The OJilyreason,as I have remarked,
why I did not provide, in the resolution, that the
Committee on Public Buildings and Gounds
should be charged with the matter, was because
I feared that some of the other standing commit-
tees of the House should think that I had inter-
fered with their peculiar duties. T think it would
be just as well that the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds should make the investi-
gation, and I have no objection whatever to the
adoption of such an amendment.
Now, sir, in reply to the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] I will say that
my object in providing that the committee might
have the authority to report in whole or in part,
was not to enable the committee to make a one-
sided report—not to enable them to report the
testimony on one side at one time, and the testi-
mony upon the other side at another; but, sir,
it is alleged that there has been peculation or im-
propriety upon the part of officers connected with
various public buildings, and the reason why I
drew the resolution in the form in winch it stands
was, that when the committee had finished their
investigation in relation to one of the public build-
ings, they could report, and go on with their ex-
amination in reference to the next; not that they
might be able to report one half the testimony
with reference to a particular building at onetime,
and the balance at another. No such thing was
ever contemplated. But when the committee shall
have finished their investigation, foi instance, of
'the Mobile custom-house, it seems to me hardly
proper that the results of that investigation should
be locked up until they hnve finished their inves-
tigation in relation to every other custom-house,
and all the public buildings in this city. I have
no desire that this committee shall have power to
do anything not perfectly proper and necessary
for eliciting all the facts m relation to the charges
made.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have no idea that it was
the intention of the gentleman from Ohio to cast
any reflection upon any public officer.
Mr, CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. 1 rise to
a point of order. The previous question has been
called, and under the rules further debate is out
*of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky withdrew the call for the previous question
at the request of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will not detain the House
for any length of time. I have only to say to the
gentleman from Ohio, that while his resolution is
calculated to reflect on the Committee of Expend-
itures relating to the Treasury Department, I am
sure that such was not his intention.
Mr. BALL. Certainly, not the slightest.
Mr. McMULLIN. If there have been pecu-
lation and fraud and corruption in the construc-
tion of the public buildings elsewhere than in this j
city, it could not be expected that we should |
know of them. j
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Speaker, I do not un- j
derstand that I have yielded the floor. I prom- ,
ised the gentleman from Pennsylvania to renew i
the call for the previous question, and I desire to <
exonerate myself from any want of faith. j
Mr. McMULLIN, My worthy friend cer- 1
tainly turned over the whole question to the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Kentucky to withdraw the call
for the previous question, and yield the floor
unconditionally.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will detain the House
but for a moment. I will say to the House, that
from the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, I
shall feel called on to call together the Committee
on Public Expenditures, relative to the public
buildings, for the purpose of investigating the
charges of fraud and corruption already made
against public officials.
Mr. HOUSTON. "Why did not that committee
make the investigation long ago ? Now we are
near the close of the session. 1 do not blame the
gentleman from Ohio for bringing up the question.
I am willing the other side should manage the
question as it pleases.
Mr. McMULLIN. My friend from Alabama
docs me gross injustice, unintentionally, I have
no doubt. I do not myself seek to investigate
the question further than is required by a high
sense of duty. Yet the Committee of Expend-
itures on Public Buildings are willing and ready to
proceed toilfully to whatever their duties require.
We are ready to handle severely all malfeasance,
either in the Treasury Department, or in any
other Department of the Government. We are
ready to go to the investigation when the ques-
tion comes fairly and legitimately before us.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Will the gentleman from
Virginia yield to me, that I may make an in-
quiry of the gentleman from Ohio ?
Mr. McMULLIN. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio, if it is his intention, in ask-
ing for this committee, to investigate expendi-
tures of the public moneys in the construction of
the Capitol and Post Office extensions, under the
management of the Secretary of War?
Mr. BALL. Yes, sir, if such investigation be
necessary. 1 say frankly to the gentleman from
Mississippi, that it is the intention to carefully
investigate into the management of the construc-
tion of all public buildings here and elsewhere.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I have not seen the Sec-
retary of War since the introduction of this res-
olution , and hence have had no opportunity of con-
ferring with him in relation to it; yet I undertake
to say that he is fully prepared to meet and to vin-
dicate himself from any charges or imputations
which may be made against'him. And if any
officer in the Department of War has been guilty
of malfeasance in office, he will be prompt in in-
vestigating, exposing, and punishing it.* I hope
the tesolutiou will be adopted.
Mr. RUST. I insist on the enforcement of
the rule laid down by the Chair yesterday, that
the floor shall not be farmed out by the member
in possession of it.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I have said what I in-
tended to say.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have no doubt what the
gentleman from Mississippi has said is entirely
true. This side, Mr. Speaker, are willing that
not only the Treasury, or the War Department,
shall have its affairs investigated, but that the
affairs of every other Department shall be fairly
and fully looked into. When there is a charge
of malfeasance there ought to be a free and im-
partial investigation. I do not deny it.
In this connection I will say a word in reference
to one item of expenditure. Pending action on
the appropriation of $100,000 for a dome to the
Capitol, it was asserted that that sum would be
sufficient for the purpose indicated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope my friend will not
go into the debate of these questions at this time.
If there be an investigation, when the committee
makes its report a discussion of all these ques-
tions will then be had.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will forbear. Before
taking my seat I move to amend the resolution,
so that, instead of being allowed to report in part,
the committee will be forced to report in full. By
reporting in part injustice may be done; there
maybe left, unreported, what is necessary for the
justification ot an officer of the Government. We
ought not to let ex parte statements be laid before
the House and the country: everything connected
with the matter shbuld be presented at once—not
one part before another.
