1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1597
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Speaker, I do not take
it that tin: pending resolution reflects oil any head
of Department; nor do I think that this side of
the House should be held responsible for acts of
wrong done by people who may happen to hold
office under the Government. And when the
heads of the Departments of Government are
universally acknowledged to be men of lofty
character and unblemished integrity, I am sur-
prised that any gentleman should deem that an
investigation into the official character of a sub-
ordinate is a reflection on the character of either
of those high public officers. I do not think that
it is, and I am, sir, for this investigation. I am
for a full and thorough investigation. I do not
care whether the investigation is to be by a select
orastandmg committee; I wanttheinvestigation.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to say——
Mr. WHEELER.. I object to any interruption.
Mr. FLOR.ENCE. Wherever the fraud is,
Mr. Speaker, there let the responsibility rest.
Let the offender be punished. I do not believe,
however, that any of the heads of Departments
are reflected on. I believe that never before, in
the history of the Government, was there such a
rigid exaction of duty demanded by the heads of
Departments. Every head of bureau, and every
subordinate, is held to the strictest accountability.
But rascal? may steal in. Men may " steal the
livery of the court of Heaven to serve the Devil
in." I am for thorough investigation. Adher-
ence to Democratic truths must make every man
an honest man; and, if there be a dishonest man
in the Departments, let him be ferreted out. He
ought not to be a subordinate in a Democratic
administration. t
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ball] desired ,
to have a moment to respond to the gentleman j
from Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman,] and I am will-
ing to yield the floor to him if the House will
consent.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. GOODE. I desire to have two words in-
serted m the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be done pending
the call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put; being first
on Air. ilcilcLLis's amendment to strike out
the words, " or in part," so as to authorize the
committee to report in whole at any time.
Mr. HICKMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. IIickmax
and Bocock were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 51, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The resolution was then agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed the following gen-
tlemen to constitute the select committee called
for by the resolution: Messrs. Ball, Kennett,
Buhnli'i, Ivixg, and Cadwalader.
MILITARY ROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. DENVER. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take up ftom the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 327, being an act
for the construction of a military road from some
poult m the Stale of Missouri, via Great Salt
Lake City, to Carson Valley settlement, on the
frontier of the State of California; and for the
establishment of military posts, and the sinking
of wells thereupon. 1 ask that the bill may be
taken up for the purpose of reterenee meiely.
^S'n objection being made, the bill was taken
from the'Spe.iker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Afl.urs.
Mr. KENNETT. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the' tiouse to introduce a bill for the pur-
pose of reference meiely.
Several Members objected.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I demand the regular
order of business.
ASSAULT ON SENATOR SUMNER.
The SPEAKER stated that the business in
order was the consideration of the. following res-
olutions reported by the select committee to in-
vestigate the alleged assault upon Senator bc.M-
NEii by Mr. Brooks- ^
Remit ed, Tlml Pkimon Uuooks 1><\ and in is lortli*
me.
powc
with, expelled from this House as a Representative from the
State of South Carolina.
Resolved, That this House hereby declares its disappro-
bation of the said act of Henry A. Edmundson and Law
hence M. ICeitt in legard to the said a&aault;
the pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, to strike out the resolu-
tions, and insert, in lieu thereof, the following:
Resolved, That this House has no jurisdiction over the
assault alleged to have been committed by the Hon. Pres-
ton S. Brooks, a member of this House fiom the State of
South Carolina, upon the Hon. Charles Sumner, a Sen-
ator from the State of Massachusetts; and thy re fore deem
it improper to express any opinion on the subject.
Mr. COMINS. Mr. Speaker, as I have never
trespassed upon the time of the House, nor asked
its indulgence, I embrace this opportunity to say
a few words which have been suggested by the
occasion.
In taking a seat in this House, it was not my
intention, and it is not now my intention, to par-
ticipate in the daily debates and scenes of strife
which so constantly occur upon this floor. I in-
tend only to avail myself of opportunities to speak,
and then briefly, when it is my right and duty so
to do, in explanation of any vote I may deem it
expedient to give, or in vindication of any posi-
tion which I may assume. In discussions in-
volving the principles of legislation, either in its
domestic policy, or in the foreign relations of the
Government, there are those of my colleagues, and
gentlemen from other States, with whom I agree
m sentiment and in principle, who are qualified
by genius, by knowledge, and by all the acquire-
ments befitting statesmen, to meet, analyze, and
discuss any question which may come before us,
and to whom I much prefer to listen, than con-
sume the time of the House by any remarks of
mine. I have all my life, so far as its sands have
fallen, been confined to the pursuits of business.
Fields of debate, halls of elocution, are compara-
tively strangers to me. But, sir, in view of the
events which are transpiring before us, about us,
and crowding themselves upon us, I should do
injustice to my own feelings, and prove false to
a generous and confiding people, in failing to
express myself at this time.
By the 'fortunes of the wheel, my seat has
been cast 021 this side of the Hall—directly in the
midst of the Democratic and southern members
of this House. I am free to confess, however,
that the disappointment and sorrow with which
my mind was filled, when I found I was obliged
to separate myself, locally, from those with whom
I had been acting and voting during the protracted
stru°-°de for the organization of the House, has,
been dissipated by the very kind and courteous
manner in which I have been received by all about
My only fear has been, that through the
r and influence of association I might be-
a Democrat myself; which I should not
very much regret even, if Democracy was now
what it was 111 the early days of the Republic,
I have, on my part, endeavored to reciprocate the
pleasant advances which have been so freely
made, and have done all in my power, and at all
times, to maintain and perpetuate that haimony
and goodwill which is so essential, not only to
our individual welfare, but to our useiulness as
legislators. . .
"By daily and social intercourse, an intimacy
had crown up between mvself and the gentle-
man from South Carolina. By an interchange of
those kindly attentions which are so refreshing
to us when in health, but which become tenfold
more dear when administered 111 the sick cham-
ber, a friendship was growing up between myse t
and the gentleman from South Carolina which
should never have been broken by any act of
mine. I leave that gentleman m the silent reflec-
tion of his own mind, to judge of the surprise and
anguish with which I was filled when informed
of "the assault which he had-committed upon my
friend and fellow-citizen, the distinguished Sena-
tor from Massachusetts.
The seat of Charles Soiner, a Senator from
Massachusetts, was vacant on the 23d day of
Mav for the first time in five years. On tne day
nreccdme, Mr. Siimxer. was sincken down whilst
in his seat, and in the discharge of lus senatorial
duties The murderous blow was by a member
of this House. Nothing was further from my
thoughts on that day, when, after having listened
in this House to most touching and eloquent eulo-
giums upon the life and charactu' of a deceased
member, that, before that very hour should have
passed away, one of my own colleagues, a friend
and fellow-citizen, would be prostrated in the ad-
joining Chamber, and by the hand of one who
but a moment before had joined us ill resolutions
of respect for tlie dead, and placed the sacred
emblem of mourning upon his arm.
Sir, I have no voice to express—no tongue to
utter opprobrious epithets on an occasi&n like
this. But, sir, I should do injustice to my con-
victions of truth, not to say thatl have yet heard
no expression in denunciation of the assault upon
Mr. Summer which does injustice to the perpe-
trator. there are crimes which are so revolting,
that language becomes wholly inadequate to ex-
press our reprobation of the act. There are
crimes so revolting, that however elevated may
have been the previous position of the perpetra-
tor, in all future life, the criminal must partake
of the infamy which attaches itself to the crime.
There are crimes so revolting, but committed
under such circumstances, that he who strikes the
blow occupies but little nearer relation to the act
for which he stands accused, than they who
uphold and defend him for what he has done.
Under this head I accuse no person other than
those included in the report of the committee,
[Messrs. Keitt and Edmunnsok.] Future devel-
opments may prove whether that list might or
might not have been extended.
In contemplating the report of the committee,
the resolutions before the House, and the issue
involved, all political, local, and personal consid-
erations fade into insignificance. I ask not the
sympathy of this House for Charles Sumner—£
ask not this House to vindicate Massachusetts, for
Massachusetts to-day needs no vindication; but
I do ask every member of this House—I implore
every gentleman upon this floor, who loves his
country, peace, and order, to join as one man,
and hurl back the tide of ruffian violence which
has become so prevalent, and which is becoming
so common and so arrogant.
[ Mr. Speaker, when I reflect upon the assaults
which have been committed by members of this
House; when I see a member of this House
arraigned before it for an offense so revolting ill
every point of view; when 1 see two members of
this House standing by his side arraigned as
accomplices—I say when I see these things, I
am reminded of the very eloquent, but exciting,
speech delivered during the early part of the
session by the honorable and distinguished gen-
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Bennett,] a
speech which I really did not expect to see so
soon verified; in which the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, in alluding to scenes which were then
transpiring upon this floor, said that he was
almost ready to exclaim, in the language of Fer-
dinand,
" Hell is empty,
And all tlie devils are here."
The murderous blow which prostrated
Charles Sumner fell no more upon Massachu-
setts than upon any free State in the Union. It
I was but the representative of a power which,
! finding its sphere too small in its own latitude,
| having prostrated all before it in the Territories,
I havm° failed to sustain itself in intellectual con-
1 fliet, resolves itself into brute force, stalks into
! the Senate Chamber of the nation, and there, with
i bludgeon in hand, beats freedom over the head,
i It is not enough for our citizens to be driven
; from their quiet labors and peaceful pursuits by
i your unconstitutional and iniquitQusly-contnveu
i fugitive slave law ! It is not enough for our other-
I wise peaceful and quiet streets to be disturbed by
the ribaldry of your officials, who amuse them-
selves in the morning in putting chains around
I our courts of justice, who consume the day m
I blockading our public squares and avenues with
| foreign stipendiaries and discharged convicts
i making night hideous in carousing, and knocking
1 down unsuspecting men, and insulting innocent
i and unprotected women ! but in your arrogance
| you assume to be the sole and rightful judges of
; parliamentary decorum and parliamentary law.
We toll you plainly, we will no longer submit to
these things. We of the North have foreborne,
and foreborne until forbearance has ceased to be
a virtue. Slaveiv has committed depredation
upon depredation "upon the constitutional lights
of the people of the North, and upon the Consti-
tution itself, until its very name is but a mockery.
