862
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 9,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—-Mr. Stuart, Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
thought wonld accomplish that by setting rid of the usurp-
ers in the Territory who were and me oppressing these
people; but it met with bo favor."
Let me read the proposition of the Senator
from Illiaois:
"Jini be it further enacted, That all the acts and proceed-
ings of any body of men heretofore assembled in the Terri-
tory of Kansas, and claiming to be a Legislative Assembly
thereof, with power and authority to pass laws fbr the gov-
ernment of said Territory, are hereby declared to be utterly
null and void and no person shaU exercise any power or
jurisdiction, or hold any office under, or by virtue of author-
ity derived from such Legislative Assembly; nor shall the
members thereof have or etereiee any authority as such."
That, the Senator from Illinois answers the
Senator from Ohio, is his remedy to protect the
people no w in the Territory of Kansas—to protect
those men who have been driven out, and who
may go back up to the time of the election. Did
ever any mortal man hear of a remedy like that?
As I have said, I am not going over ground
that has been so ably occupied by others; but a
suggestion was made by the Senator from Illinois
to the Senator from Maine, when he was inter-
rogating my friend from Ohio, in respect to the
repealing section of the present bill. It was asked
(upon the suggestion of that being untrue, as I
thought, because he was talking to the Senator
from Maine at the time; but, if 1 am mistaken, I
can be corrected) whether it was claimed that
the law which was a test for a practicing attorney
was against the terms of the original Kansas act?
and it was considered, I Chink, with some tri-
umph, that there was a law which was reached
by the amendment of the Senatorfrom Missouri,
which did not conflict with the terms of the ori-
ginal Kansas act. I have always found that, when
a man was prompted, he generally made a mis-
take. I say it is in conflict with that act, and
with the Constitution of the United States, pal-
pably. What is the business of a lawyer by
profession ? It is to defend men who are arraigned
for crime—men who are prosecuted for a libel, of
for anything else—and to defend them with the
utmost freedom of speech. Suppose a man pros-
ecuted in that Territory for an infringement of
the fugitive slave law. His counsel's mouth is
closed by that law of the Territory against argu-
ing to a court that it is an unconstitutional law.
Be is sworn to support it; and would he be sup-
porting a law against the constitutionality of
which he was arguing? I say, it is in conflict
both with the organic act and the Constitution of
the United States; and there is not a law reached
by the amendment of the Senator from Missouri
that doeB not conflict with that provision of the
organic act which declares that that people shall
be perfectly free to form and regulate their own
domestic institutions in their own way. Free-
dom of speech, freedom of the press, freedom of
■peech of counsel, freedom of opinion in jurymen,
all are indispensable to leave a people perfectly
free to form the institutions which are to exist,
and under which they are to come into the United
States Confederacy. It was, therefore, proper;
and the suggestion which was made constitutes
no exception to the general rule—none whatever.
I regret that the honorable Senator from New
York is not here; but when the resolution of the
Seaator from Kentucky was tinder consideration,
he made a remark in respect to me that I thought
entirely unfounded, and exceedingly unkind.
He asserted here in the Senate that 1 had avowed
myself in favor of- doing nothing for the people
of Kansas Territory. I ask, has any man who
advocates the Topefca constitution done anything
for the purpose of healing dissensions and calm-
ing the difficulties in the Territory of Kansas ?
If there is one of those Senators on this floor who
can rise and say he has made a speech for that
object—that he has made a speech with that de-
sign—to allay strife in Kansas—to allay conten-
tion and ill-feeling in the Union, let him rise and
point me to thalspeech. On the contrary, it has
been, so far as I have heard—and I have been
here every day but on#—a series of attacks on
the Administration, upon the Democratic party,
and in too many instances the people of that
Territory have been told that they were justified
in resisting the laws. Then we are presented
from that side of the House with no remedy ex-
cept the Topeka constitution. The arguments
of Senators who have preceded me on that sub-
ject are so conclusive to my mind—they are such
as struck me in the outset, that I do not wish to
add a word on that subject. I have not another
word to say in respect to the bill which has passed
the Senate, and which is under consideration, ex-
cept this: it is asked what use is it to publish that
bill? Why, sir, I can furnish an incident which
ought to be conclusive in the mind of every man
for publishing it. No longer ago than the last con-
gressional election in Michigan, a distinguished
gentleman from the State of Ohio, the present ;
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means i
of the House of Representatives, came to- my ;
town and made a speech, in which he took up the
Kansas act, and commented on that part of it
which is the language of the ordinance of 1787,
respecting the organization of the Territory, the
enumerating of the inhabitants, the proclamation
of the Governor, and the election, which is ver-
batim the language of the ordinance of 1787, and
verbatim the language of every territorial act that
has ever been passed. He took it up, and de-
clared the whole of it an outrage such as had
never been perpetrated upon the people of the
country before.
To cap the climax of his speech, he declared
that a citizen of South Carolina—yes, sir, a citi-
zen of South Carolina—was the Governor of Kan-
sas, chosen and selected by the pro-slavery De-
mocracy .as he said, to carry out the design of
making Kansas a slave State. When I replied
to him a few evenings afterwards, and stated the
fact, that no gentleman from South Carolina was
the Governor of Kansas, an eminent Republican
of Detroit jumps up in meeting and asks me who
was; and when I told him Mr. Reeder, of Penn-
sylvania, he seemed amazed. That was a per-
version in respect to the act, and in respect to the
officers of the country, which shows you the ne-
cessity of spreading this bill far and wide before
the people. 1 have faith to believe that the con serv-
ayve Constitution-loving people of the northern
States will look upon this bill, see that it is fair,
and that it furnishes a means of relief. I wish it
spread before their eyes. Before that people I
expect to go to meet this issue and abide its results
My fate is linked with theirs. They are lovers
of the country and supporters of the Constitution,
and sooner or later they will come to the conclu-
sion to stand by the Constitution, and oppose'all
parties that are for disregarding and contemning
its fundamental principles, destroying its founda-
tions, and dissolving this Union, which alone
can preserve our greatness, prosperity, and hap-
piness. The Senator from Massachusetts savs
that when his party have got a majority in the
House of Representatives, a majority in the Sen-
ate, and Frgmont elected President, they are going
to abolish slavery in Kansas. Well, sir,! can
think of no argument that is proper to meet that
except the old maxim that " when the skies fall
we shall catch larks." That is so improbable an
event, that I cannot conceive that it is put forward
by the Senator here as an argument based upon
reasonable expectation, but rather as a mere flour-
ish with which to close a sentence.
Mr. President, I shall now leave this subject
in the hope that every vote I have given on it
during this Congress, and every one which I may
be called upon to give hereafter, will be fully ex-
plained by the views which I have now Sub-
mitted. It was the only purpose which I had in
rising, and it is one which I should not have exe-
cuted now but for the fact that we had spent more
than six hours of the day, and put it out of our
Eower to do any other business, in considering
e question whether we should print twenty thou-
, tana extra copies of this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question before the
Senate is one of inconsiderable importance, and
I* should certainly say nothing further about it,
for I was nearly converted by the argument of
the honorable Senator from California, and was
disposed to withdraw my opposition after I
heard his remarks this morning, but for the
course which the debate has taken. After I had
heard from the Senator from California that it
was necessary in his opinion for this bill to go
out to the country, in order that his political
friends might be properly understood, 1 appre-
ciated tlje force of the suggestion. It struck me
as most prudent; for whenever any set of men,
whether Christians or politicians, adopt a new
faith, it is always proper to put forth a promul-
gation, so that the country can understand what
the articles of their creed are.
t This bill contains an abandonment of the prin-
ciple of popular sovereignty, or self-government
as it was called. The Congress of the United
States in this bill goes into the Territory and
repeals its local laws. That is pretty much of an
interference. It repeals them in numerous in-
stances; and yet the Senator from Michigan says
they have repealed no law but one which is un-
constitutional. If that Senator will give me his
attention I will show him the contrary.
Mr. STUART. The Senator had "better, per-
haps, start right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did you not say that it
was unconstitutional, or against the organic act,
to require an attorney to swear to support the
fugitive slave act ?
Mr. STUART. I said that the amendment of
the Senator from Missouri repealed no law that
was not in contravention of the organic act; and
that this particular law was against that, and
unconstitutional.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "It repeals no law not
in contravention of the organic act." Well, sir,
I will take that. Is there anything in the organic
act preventing the Territorial Legislature of Kan-
sas prescribing the qualifications of an attorney?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How does he prove it?
He says an attorney might be called upon to
defend a man for some offense under the fugitive
slave law, and if he was sworn to support the
fugitive slave law, he could not therefore defend
the individual. Attorneys in many States are
required to support the constitution of the State.
I suppose they are so required in Michigan, and
in other States. If a person is arraigned for an
offense under that constitution, would not the
attorney be at liberty to show that the particular
, clause in the constitution, in subordination to
j which an act of the Legislature of Michigan had
been passed, was void by reason of its repug-
, nance to the Constitution of the Urvited States?
, When you have sworn to support the constitu-
' lion of the State of Michigan, are you thereby
precluded from showing that a portion of that
constitution is void because it is repugnant to the
Constitution of the United States? The idea is
preposterous to my mind, and not any more pre-
posterous than is tnat other idea, that an attorney
who swears to support the fugitive slave law is
precluded from contesting the validity of that act
'I in defense of a client.
But, let me follow the Senator a little further.
Is there anything in the organic act preventing
the Territorial Legislature from fixing the quali-
: fication of voters ? Does not the act expressly
confer on the Legislative Assembly the right to
: prescribe the qualification of voters, with certain
' limitations, that they must be citizens of the
j1 United States, or have declared on oath their in-
! tention to become such, and have taken an oath
to support the Constitution ? Well, sir, the Ter-
, ritorial Legislature of Kansas required the pay-
: ment of a tax as a qualification for voting. Wts
that against the organic act? What does the
i amendment of the Senator from Missouri pro-
1 vide ? That no law shall have force or effect in .
that Territory which imposes any tax upon, or
as a condition to, the exercise of the right of suf-
1 frage by a qualified voter. Is that contrary to the
I organic act ? There is no escape from the posi-
|' tion which these Senators have placed themselves
■ in who say that Congress has no authority to in-
terfere in the local affairs of the Territory, ana
who have gone into the Territory by their billj
and repealed the local legislation. It is suggested
to me that they have taken out of the hands of
the Territorial Legislature the whole machinery
of the governmeht, so far as it relates to the con-
! ducting of elections. Such is the fact.
I! Another case to the Senator from Michigan.
I The Territorial Legislature provided for a general
election on the first Monday of October next,
i The law which the Senator has aided in passing,
II and which,in his opinion,does not interfere at all
with the local legislation, except when inconsist-
! ent with the organic act, says, that   to avoid
all conflict in the complete execution of this act,
I all other elections in said Territory are hereby
