imo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11.
it is a special order for half past twelve o clock,
we can anticipate the time by five minutes. I
hope the bill will be now considered. Mrs.
Decatur is in a situation dependent entirely, and
has been, for years, on the bounty of her friends
for support. I know that to be the case from
the best kind of testimony, and I hope the bill
will be passed now, for she has teen deprived
of a pension which two acts of Congress author-
ized to be paid to her. It will not take much
time, I think, to consider the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to devoting
half an hour to this business, if necessary; but
after that I shall insist on postponing this bill,
because to have the whole Private Calendar laid
aside for the business of one person is not right.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the committee.
Mr. ALLEN. Let the amendment be read.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. FISH. I move to strike out the latter
pait of the amendment, which proposes to give
arrearages of pay, so as to leave it simply the
grant of a pension certificate for five years. The
words I propose to strike out are these:
And that there be paid to the said Stpan Dpeatur, nut
of any money in the Treasury not otfienvi^e ?ppiopn;ited.
the airearage of the liaff pay of a post captain, to ivit: fifty
dollars per month ful live
I think there is a misapprehension with regard
to the amount of money which has been received
under the two resolutions heretofore passed in
behalf of Mrs. Decatur. In 1837, a special act
was passed, allowing her the arrearage of a post
captain's pay, from the date of Commodore De-
catur's death, until the date therein named; and
also allowing her a pension for five years from
the date of the act. On the same day a general
law was passed, allowing to the widows of all
officers who had died in the service, arrearages
of pay, and an unlimited pension of the same
amount. The special act directed that the arrear-
ages of pay should bo held by the Secretary of
the Navy in trust for Afi-s. Decatur. It was de-
cided by the Secretary of the Navy that she must
elect under which act to take—the one giving but
five years, and the other a life pension; and the
former, which gave the five years' pension, put- ,
ting the amount of arrearage in trust. She elected
the general act. That general act was repealed
in 1843. In the mean time, however, Mrs. De-
catur received the whole arrearage to which either
of the acts entitled her, and received a pension up
to August, 1842. She received at the rate of fifty
dollars per month, $600 a year, for a period of
twenty-two and a half years, amounting to some
thirteen or fourteen thousand dollars. She was
then precisely on the same footing with the
widows of all other naval officers who had re-
ceived a pension under the act of 1837.
There are, perhaps, peculiar circumstances con-
nected with the service of Commodore Decatur,
which may entitle his widow to a renewal of her
pension. I certainly am not disposed to deny
that, and am perfectly willing to vote for the five
years' pension, but not to give any arrearages.
She has received all the arrearages of pay which
either of the two acts of 1837 intended to give
her, and for that reason I move to strike out the
arrearage.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President 
Mr. BRODHEAD. I rise to a question of
order. ^ I did not understand yesterday that, when
this bill was postponed as a private bill, it was
made the special order and it was to be taken up
in preference to the other private business on the
Calendar. That is wrong. If such is the order,
I submit, but I hope we shall not go beyond one
o clock with this bill for the relief of Mrs. Susan
lJecatur. I have heard a great deal of Mrs. Susan
pccatur smce I have been in Congress for the
last ten years.
The PRESID&KT pro tempore. The bill under
consideration was yesterday made the special
order for to-day, at half past twelve o'clock. It
is a private bill, but having been made a special
order, it takes precedence of other bills.
Mr. MALLORY. This bill may have been
pressed on the Senate heretofore, but 1 never had
anything to do with the case, and never knew j
anything of it until it was presented to my con
sideration as a member of the Naval Committee.
1 have made a calculation since the objection
raised by my friend from Alabama [Mr. Clay]
yesterday, and I find that in 1837 Congress passed
a general act embracing the widows of all officers
who died in the service previously, the pension
being given for those who died in the line of their
duty. Commodore Decatur having died when
in the service, his widow was embraced by that
general act, and she would, under that general
act, have drawn her pension at fifty dollars a
month from the death of Commodore Decatur,
on the 22d of March, 1820, up to the time of her
application. On the same day, a joint resolution
was passed giving to Mrs. Decatur a pension of
a similar amount. I have a letter, which I should
like to have read before the Senate votes on the
amendment, from the Pension Office, which will
explain how she drew her pension. 1 ask the
Secretary to read it. It has not been read, and
it explains the whole case.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Pension Office, May 14,1856.
Sm: In compliance with your request, under date of 12th
instant, " for the facts relative to Mrs. Docatur's applica-
tion, and her case cjeneially," I have the honor to make
the Jollowmg <-t-itement for'the mfoimation of the Senate
Committee on Naval Alfans :
The death of Commodore Decatur in a duel with Com-
modoie Bairon occurred on the 22d of March, 3820; but
as the laws then, and until 3837, in force, granted Navy
pennons to the widows of those only who had lost their
lives "in the line of duty," no application appears to have
been made during that penod. On the 11th ot March, 1837,
however, Mrs. Decatur applied for pension under the gen-
oiat act appioved on tiie 3d of that month, and also for the
benefit ot' the joint le^olution of the same date.
The general act granted half pay to the widow of any
ofticei, teaman, or maune, who "died, in ike naval service
from the date of her husband's decease, without limitation
a-j to teim, other than her marriage or death.
The joint resolution granted to Mrs. Decatur a pension
fjrfire ijpm <: finm the 30th June, 1834 ; and also allowed
her "the iu« carafes of the half pay of a post captain, from
the date of her husband's death to the said 30th June, 1834;
and piovided that the pension should cease on her death or
main/lire.
The then Secretary of the Navy, Hon. Mahlon Dickerson,
having, as. trustee ot the Navy pension fund, (and in con-
formity with the Attorney Geneial's opinion of April 11,
1837,) decided that Mrs. Decatur was entitled to one of
the pensions only, that is, to take either under the general
I;uv or under tlx; joint resolution, Mrs. Decatur elceted to
take (but under p.-orc^t) under the general law ; received
the pen«ion and airearasr^ thereof, fifty dollars per month,
fiom the 22d ot' Match. 13-20, and continued to receive the
pension to the 31 ,t August, lrt-3-3, upon which date all pen-
Monsgianfed tinder the act of 1837 were, by the act of Au-
gust 16, IS'll, made to cease.
In 1839, Mi-:. Decatur lencwcd her claim under the joint
resolution; and upon an adverse decision by the then Sec-
retary of the Navy, applied to the circuit court for a writ of
mandamus. The application was refused, and upon the
oaso hoing ennied to the Supreme Court was sustained.
Upon this subject I beg leave to refer to ihe note on page
199, vol. 5, Statutes atLarge.
Since the termination of Mrs. Decatur's pension, in the
manner herein stated, and by the total repeal of the aet of
Maich 3, 1837, by that of August 23,1842, this office has
had no authority, under the general laws, to make any
fuither allowance, inasmuch as an express condition of
these laws is, that the death of the husband must not only
have occurred while in the naval service, but11 in the line
of duty;" a condition which cannot be construed to apply lo
the unfoitunate circumstances under which Commod'oie
Decatur lost his life.
Mis. Decatur has recently renewed her application,
claiming to bo entitled, under the joiut resolution, to pen-
sion, from the repeal of the general law, during life.
It is not seen upon what grounds such a claim can be
based. The joint resolution expressly grants a pension for
fiveyears, to commence. June 30,1834. Such pension would,
therefore, by its terms, continue to the 30th of June, 1839,
but for the piovi^o, u that the baid pension shall cease on
the death or marriage of said Susan Decatur."
What pension shall cease? The language cannot apply
to any term beyond the limit specified, the 30th of June,
1839. The proviso must therefore be construed to intend
that the pension should eea<e at any date, during the term
prescribed, upon which the said Susan Decatur had died or
married. A similar proviso is found in all the laws grant-
ing widows Navy pensions; and the construction given
thereto has invariably been as herein stated.
The draft of a joint resolution in favor of Mrs. Decatur
is herewith returned.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, J. MXNOT, Commissioner.
Hon. S. R. Mali,cry, Chairman of Committee on Kaval
J2jfaiis, United States Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. It was undoubtedly the
design of Congress, in consideration of the ex-
traoidinaiy services of Commodore Decatur, to !
provide for his widow during her life, and the I
extraordinary provision allowing her the arrear- !
ages of a post captain's pay was resorted to. In j
frankness to the Senate, I must say that, accord- I
ing to my calculation,she received, in 1837,these I
arrearages, amounting altogether, with her pen- !
siou, to $13,46„; but if the intention of Congress I
to provide for her up to this time by a pension of
fifty-dollars a month had been adhered to, she
would have received the sum of §21,850.
Now, sir, Mrs. Decatur has not drawn any
pension since 1842, and I understand that she is
in circumstances which absolutely demand some 4}
relief from Congress, if Congress are disposed to
give it. Instead of going back the whole term of
fourteen years, the committee thought proper to
propose to give her the arrearages of a pension
for five years only, amounting to but $3,000, with
her pension of fifty dollars a month, for five years
to come. As a general principle, I am opposed
to giving arrearages of pension in any case; I do
not know a case that has ever been presented
here in which I should vote arrearages of pension,
because it would certainly bring on Congress,
immediately, claims of great amount; but this
case stands'by itself. I know of no other similar
in character or in which Congress seems to have
taken so much interest. I hope, therefore, that
the limitation will not be stricken out.
Mr. FISH. I think the Senator from Florida
is mistaken, so far as I understand him to con-
vey the idea that the special act of 1837 designed
to give Mrs. Decatur not only the arrearages, but
a pension for life. The special act of 1837 limited
Mrs. Decatur's pension specifically to five years.
It gave the arrearages of a post captain's pay
from the death of Commodore Decatur, and also
afive years'pension. It was the general act which
was passed on the same day with that special act
for her benefit, that gave to the widows of all
officers who might have died in the service a pen-
sion for life, together with the arrearages. Mrs.
Decatur drew this pension under the general act.
Having elected (under protest, it is true) to take
under the general act, she drew three and a half
years more pension than she would have received
under the act which was passed m consideration
of the spccial services of Commodore Decatur.
Now, with what claim can we select her ease
alone, out of all others, and give an arrearage of
five years ? I am very willing to make a distinc-
tion m behalf of Commodore Decatur's widow, to
give her a pension of five years "From the present
time; but not to go back and select her alone for
five years' arrearage of pay, amounting to §3,000,
when she has already received, in the shape of
arrearage and pension, a larger pension than was
originally intended for her—the sum of between
^13,000 and jjl4,000. The Senator is mistaken
in supposing that Congress intended, in consid-
eration of any special services of her husband, to
give her a life pension. They intended no such
thing. They provided for giving life pensions
to the widows of officers, but they found they
had made a mistake in this bill, and in a few
years repealed it, and under that repeal the pen-
sion was stopped.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator will observe
that I referred to the joint resolution giving her
arrearages back to the 22d of March JT620, the
day of the death of Commodore Decatur.
Mr. FISH. That she received.
Mr. MALLORY. That was a pension for the
back years—sixteen years, I think.
Mr. FISH. She received that.
Mr. MALLORY. In that, I say, Congress
did evince a desire to give her a life pension", but
she has not drawn any for fourteen years. I
will not debate it further. It is a small case.
Mr. FISH. She received §1,500 more, under
the general act, than she could have received
under the special joint resolution for her relief.
Under that joint resolution her pension would
have ceased in 1839; whereas, she continued to
receive the pension until August, 1842; having,
also, obtained all the arrearages that she would
have received under the Spccial act. She cut
$1,500 more, under the general act, than .she
would have received under the joint resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
York, to the amendment of the committee, to
strike out the arrearages.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment of the committee, as
amended, was adopted.
The joint resolution was reported to the Si nate
as amended; and die amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole was com m red in. Till
olution was ordered to be < rigrossed for a thud
reading, read tic third time, and passed.
