1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Foster, Mr. Mallory, etc.
Senate.
one, I am ready to concur in it. Then, sir, as |
soon as the citizens of Kansas shall have adopted
their Suite constitution, whether that constitu-
tion exclude* slavery or establishes it, 1 will vote
for the admission of the State without any further
question. Even the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Collamer] and the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
TRt'MBt'LLj acknowledge that those citizens,
when they come to organize a State government,
have the right to establish slavery, or exclude it,
without any reference to the Missouri compro-
mise, or any other species of territorial legisla-
tion.
Having provided a fair election undy tlfis bill,
"with all the safeguards which occur to me, or can
be suggested by others, I have done my part.
The citizens of Kansas mast do the rest. If they
wish to be a non-alaveholdinf State, and so de-
clare, I shall demand of the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Gever,] and all other supporters of
the bill, a vote for unqualified admission. On the
other hand, if the citizens of Kansas declare that
they wish to become a shareholding State—much
as I shall regret, individually, their choice—1 can
discover no pretext founded upon the Constitu-
tion, or in any principle of good faith, which
would justify me for resisting their admission
into the Union.
How can it be said, therefore, with any regard
to truth or justice, that there is any unfairness in
the bill? Where is the *♦ fraud so lustily as-
serted s Whereisthe"cheat"tobefound? These
are hard words. They have been used frequently
in the course of this session, as if certain Sen-
ators had an unlimited prerogative to accuse, in-
sult, and revile the rest of us. It seems to be
considered parliamentary,as well as courageous,
in their code, to impute the worst motives, and
apply the worst language, to their opponents—to
make accusations here, under the shadow of sen-
atonal privilege, which they would not dare to
make elsewhere, and upon equal terms.
The Territory of Kansas is now convulsed by
civil war. These Senators themselves proclaim
the fact. They represent it as worse, much
worse, than I have seen reason to believe. They
tell us that the people—our fellow-citizens—men,
women, children—are in a condition of horrible
distress. What remedies are proposed ? None,
sir, that can be effectual, or satisfactory, except
the bill to which the Senate has given its ap-
proval. Will those Senators defeat the bill ? Will
their partisans in the other House reject it ? I
adjure you to consider the consequences. Do
you desire peace in Kansas ? Do you wish to
have a fair election? Do you intend to allow
those inhabitants their undoubted rights as Amer-
ican citizens ? Then assist in the adoption of the
Senate bill. There is nothing else. If you do
not assist—if you defeat that bill—if you prolong
the sorrowful condition of Kansas—if you stim-
ulate this unnatural controversy to greater lengths
—then, I tell you, the curse of every crime which
may henceforth be committed there—the blood
of every man who may be slain—the honor of
every woman who may be violated—will rise up
in judgment against you. I will not now make
the charge—although, as a retort, it would be
justifiable—that you desire a continuance of this
anarchy, public distress, and civil war, in order
that you may influence the results of the presi-
dential election. That, however, is a question
for the country at large; and I shall endeavor, in
ray humble sphere, to make the country under-
stand and appreciate it.
Here is the substantive proposition: That with
all the safeguards suggested in either House of
Congress, an election is to be held in Kansas—
a State government formed—and peace happily
restored. What is proposed on the other side?
First, the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
wishes to abolish all the laws of the Territory at
once,and thus legitimate the outrages, the blood-
shed, the anarchy, which he pretends to deplore.
Second, he and his political associates offer to
subjugate the citizens of the Territory to a con-
stitution which they never ratified—which was
formed without authority of law—and which
modestly declares itself unalterable, in any par-
ticular, for nine years!
L®t the people of the United States consider
■uch an issue—ay, sir, let them decide it. This i
involves everything, connected with our Govern-
ment, which is worthy of consideration. If
passion, prejudice, fanaticism—aided by all the
modern arts and ad juncts of falsehood—can so
mislead the American people that they will not
distinguish good from evil—will no longer respect
the fundamental principles of their own Govern-
ment—will rashly mutilate that sacred compact,
the Federal Constitution, in which all the
securities of our Union, our peace, our liberty,
our happiness, reside,—it is ot little consequence
who may be the next President, and whether
Congress should ever again assemble. The ex-
periment of popular institutions will have utterly
failed; for, without patriotism, intelligence, virtue,
and self-command, a popular government must
fall into confusion and despotism at last.
In any event, Mr. Preaiuent, I can do nothing
l more. I have sacrificed every scruple, every
minor consideration, to an ardent desire for peace.
I have gone to the extremity of concession. I
have agreed to whatever is honest and fair; and I
am yet willing to vote for any amendment or
scheme of that character which can be suggest-
ed. _ If the Opposition will not meet us in this
j spirit—if the Senate pacification bill should be
rejected by the House—I must discharge myself
[ henceforth of all responsibility as a Senator and
a citizen. I shall have performed my duty to the
uttermost; no blood will be upon my skirts, nor
any reproach upon my conscience.
Mr. FOSTER. I am bound to believe, Mr.
President, that we have had a profitable day's
discussion; and yet had any intelligent foreigner
come into this Chamber when this discussion
commenced, without knowing that it was the
Senate of the United States, and remained here
until the present time, I do not believe he ever
would have supposed it was the Senate of the
United States. I doubt whether he would have
imagined that he was in a legislative body at all.
And if any intelligent citizen of this country had
come into this Chamber five minutes after this
discussion commenced, and remained to the pres-
ent time, I doubt whether he would have been
enabled, from the.debate, to form any idea what-
soever what the subject before the Senate was.
Yet, sir, I am bound to suppose, as I have said,
that we have had a profitable day's discussion,
because the time of the Senate has been taken up
mostly by gentlemen of experience in this body—
men of wisdom and judgment, who would have
refrained from debate unless debate were profit-
able. I, however, have not, as yet, been able to
see much fruit from this discussion, and I do not
rise to prolong it; but many allusions have been
made to those gentlemen who thought proper to
vote, on a former occasion, against the Kansas
bill, when it originally passed this body, and
when 'it was sent to the House, and also when
the House bill came here, was amended by this
body, and a number of gentlemen voted against
the amendment.
We have, not in terms, but in substance, been
dared to justify our votes before the country.
We have been told substantially that we could
not, in any manner, satisfactory to reasonable
men, justify our refusal to vote for the bill re-
ported to the Senate by the Committee on Terri-
tories, and which has passed the Senate. I was
one of those who voted against that bill, and I
am not going to take up the time of the Senate in
giving any lengthened reasons for my vote, I am
only going to say that I voted against that bill
because my judgment called upon me so to do. I
saw nothing in that bill which, according to my
best judgment, would be a remedy for the evils
now existing in the Territory of Kansas; and the
very gentleman who has addressed the Senate,
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] has given, in
the course of his speech, reasons to my mind why
that bill cannot at the present time, if it become a
law, be a remedy for existing evils. He has said,
and I have no doubt it is the truth, that there is a
difficulty in getting into the Territory of Kansas
through the State of Missouri, in consequence of
large bodies of men who are so organized as to
prevent persons from passing into that Territory
in the ordinary mode of traveling. But this being
in the State of Missouri, he asks, what can Con-
gress do in regard to a state of things like that? j
Perhaps, sir, we can do nothing; but while that I
state of things exists it is a sufficient reason to me
why this bilfcannot be efficacious to procure order
and peace in Kansas. I would wait, therefore,
until the state of things in Missouri is different
from what it is before I could have any confidence
at all in the effect of that bill upon the Territory
of Kansas.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Connec-
ticut will allow me to put him right in respeet to
the Senator from Ohio. He did not make the
declaration which the Senator has attributed to
him; but in speaking on the subject he said it
had been charged that there was an obstruction
in the State of Missouri, or some obstruction t®
entrance into the State of Missouri. He did not
know that it was so, but doubted it because it
came from the same sources as other misstate-
ments, but if that was so he asked how Congress
could remedy it ? He did not state or admit that
to be the fact.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Florida has
correctly stated what I said.
Mr. FOSTER. I understood the gentleman te
say, as the Senator from Florida states, that it
was claimed, and the Senator from Ohio did not
affirm that it was true, but on the contrary
affirmed, in connection with it, as I understood
him,that he supposed the claim was exaggerated;
but if it were true, what could we do; thus, as I
suppose, admitting that, to a certain extent at
least, it was true. But whether he did so admit
or not, I certainly believe that it is true; and be-
lieving it to be true, and believing that access
cannot be had to the Territory of Kansas in the
ordinary modes of communicating with that Ter-
ritory—that the state of the Territory is now un-
paralleled so far as this country is concerned,
as it respects protection to life and property, and
the avenues of cotpmunication with the Territory
being thus cut off, as I believe—whether the
Senator from Ohio or the Senator from Florida
say that the evidence is satisfactory to their
minds or not—when I see evidence which is sat-
isfactory to mine, I must act upon it. Seeing that
evidence, that of itself, if there were no other
reasons, would be satisfactory to me why this
bill can be productive of little good in Kansas at
the present time. I would say, Mr. President,
wait until this remarkable state of things passes
away—wait until law and order and peace pre-
vail in the Territory, and until the Territory cab
be reached in the ordinary modes of communica-
tion—wait until then; and it is to my mind idle
to talk about a fair, honest expression of opinion
i in that Territory while these things remain as
they are. I have many other reasons, Mr.
! President, why that bill is not satisfactory to me,
j and why I think it will be productive of little
I good and much evil if it shall become a law
But I will not take up the time of the Senate in
, going into those reasons now.
We are called on to explain why we voted for
, what is called the Topeka constitution. I am
ready to give reasons, satisfactory to my mind,
j to justify nay vote on that subject. I cannot, of
j course, be responsible that those reasons shall be
j satisfactory to the mind of anybody else; I do
I not promise that they will be; but they are satis-
factory to my mind. I admit that I had objec-
tions to admitting Kansas on that Topeka consti-
tution; but, in the present exigency, all agree
that we must give up our first impressions, and
our desire to do what we would do, if we had
the entire power of acting as we would. In that
state of things, I voted for that constitution, be-
cause 1 believed it to be a fair, legitimate, direct
expression of the opinion of the people of that
Territory when it was formed. 1 think we already
1 have had a more direct, honest, fair expression of
thepeopleofthatTarritory,on that constitution as
' it is, than we can have now on any other that is
likely to be proposed at present, it is said very
j few people voted for it. I believe the evidence
is that more than two thousand voted for it.
! Mr. CLAY. I will state to the Senator, with
his permission, what I have repeated here before,
and has been repeatedly asserted, that the " Her-
I aid of Freedom, which is conceded to be the ad-
vocate of the free-State party, declared that seven
hundred and fifty voted for it. That was asserted
by the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] four
or five months ago, and I have never keard it
