868
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Foster.
Senate.
contradicted. 1 repeated it myself; and that file of
the paper I think can be produced liere to estab-
lish the truth of the assertion.
Air. DOUGLAS. While that statement was
published at the time, and I supposed it to be
correct, I find that the House committee report
that seventeen hundred, instead of seven hun-
dred, persons voted for the Topeka constitution.
Mr. FOSTER. I am aware of it, and was
about replying to the honorable Senator from
Alabama, and stating the grounds on which I
give my opinion that more than two thousand
voters in that Territory voted for the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Seventeen hundred.
Mr. FOSTER. I will repeat that, according
to my belief, more than two thousand voted for
it. Seventeen hundred, the honorable Senator
from Illinois says, is the report of the committee.
It is also the fact, that a large number—of course
we cannot say how many—for that constitution,
which were deposited in the ballot-boxes at dif-
ferent precincts, were never counted in these
seventeen hundred votes.
Mr. COLLAMER. The votes at Leavenworth.
Mr. FOSTER. The votes at Leavenworth
were destroyed, a considerable town, where a
considerable number of citizens of that Territory
came to vote—more, as I believe, than would
make what I stated to be the number of votes
given for this constitution, to wit, over two
thousand. That is the basis of my assertion
that more than two thousand citizens of that
Territory voted for that constitution, in a time
.when there v/ere no threats in Kansas, no men-
aces, no dangers, to any citizens in the Terri-
tory, for going to vote at their proper places, and
vote as they pleased. Now, in that state of
things, I am more prepared to say, and am pre-
pared to say, that I do not believe you can get
as fair an expression of public opinion in that
Territory again upon a constitution, as was had
when that was presented. If citizens other than
these two thousand, and over, did not vote,
and did not choose to vote, it was their own
affair. Here is a constitution, which has thus
been adopted by this number of voters. The
constitution is not an objectionable one. The
objection, however, lies m this: it is said, by
voting to admit the State on this constitution,
you impose a constitution on the people which
they have not themselves decided that they wish
to have, and it is said it is a tyranny to impose
on a people a constitution and government which
they have never chosen for themselves.
ifow, sir, in the first place, I deny the allega-
tion. I deny that on this state of facts any one
has a right to say that admitting this State on
this constitution will be imposing on them a
constitution not of their own election. But even
if it were so, what have we been doing within
the past two days ? Have we, or not, taken up
tt code of laws, (or what claims to be laws said to j
have been passed by the Territorial .Legislature j
of that Territory,) and abrogated a large number
of them, and set aside specifically some others?
We certainly have; and on what grounds? Cer-
tainly on no other grounds than because these
laws were contrary to the Constitution; contrary
to the organic law of the Territory; or contrary
to natural justice or right; or because they were
so inexpedient and ill-timed, that they ought not
to be laws at all. On some of these grounds
assuredly we have set aside these laws; and it is [
on the ground certainly, when we trace it back a !
step further, that the Legislature who made them
were not competent to make laws for the Terri-
tory. Judging of their handiwork, they were ;
not competent to make laws. j
That is the judgment of the Senate—a large -
majority of the Senate. It was claimed to have j
been unanimous, but it was not quite unanimous,
for the honorable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] I remember, said, that although he
. should object to some of those lawp, yet, inasmuch
as voting to repeal or abrogate them did, in his
judgment, impinge upon the principle of the Ne-
braska bill—to wit, territorial sovereignty he
should not vote to abrogate any of those laws,
but would leave it to the Legislature which should
peift be elected by the people, to correct any ex-
isting evils; or, if there were any laws unconsti-
tutional, or contrary to the organic act, leave that
matter to be determined by the courts. So that
I do not claim this has passed unanimously
through the Senate, although it was claimed in
substance to be unanimous; but it was nearly
unanimous. I have no right, therefore, to say
that in this judgment of the Senate, by a nearly
unanimous vote, the people of the Territory have
not elected representatives who are competent to
make laws for that people to live under.
Mr. WELLER. Because they passed a couple
of laws which we thought bad ?
Mr. FOSTER. Because they passed a couple
of bad laws ! Because, as the gentleman from
; Michigan [Mr. Stcart] says, these laws are
contrary to the organic act, contrary .to the Con-
stitution, in the teeth of our bill of rights, vio-
lative of every principle of natural justice; and,as
i his worthy colleague [Mr. Cass] said—I do not
; i use his exact words, but I quote the sentiment
i uttered by hiin within a few days—these laws
': are disgraceful to our age and country, and a
reproach to our civilization. Sir, I repeat, we
have almost the unanimous judgment of the
I j Senate, as to the fact that the inhabitants of the
| j Territory of Kansas do not elect such represent-
II atives as make laws that the Senate will allow to
ii remain as laws in that Territory, for the reason
11 that they are a reproach to the age.
Now, sir, in that state of things, I do not think
| we should violate very much the rights of our
i i fellow-citizens in Kansas if we make a good con-
' stitution for them, and say, " under this consti-
tution live;" for I take it that no gentleman in the
Senate, or out of it, is so much in love with the
] I principle of self-government that he -will saymen
j! of all classes and conditions throughout the earth
j | are fitted for self-government. The principle of
'' self-government 1 believe in; but I do not believe
. in it to the extent that every man is qualified and
fitted to govern himself, and that every com-
j' munity is qualified to govern itself. I do not
I! suppose that any gentleman here believes that
i doctrine. I certainly do not. I believe that a
certain amount of intelligence and moral integrity
should be possessed by every man, and every
community, in order to qualify them to govern
themselves. Intelligence and integrity both must
unite in order to qualify a community for self-
government; and if any community undertakes
to govern itself, not having sufficient intelligence
—not having sufficient integrity and moral up-
rightness to govern themselves properly, anarchy
and not government, despotism and not free-
dom, will soon come over every such people,
i Now, sir, with the fact before my eyes, that the
jj Senate have not such confidence in the people of
11 that Territory, or, at all events, in their Legisla-
ji ture, that they will set aside the laws lawfully
made in their opinion, (I have a different opinion
about it, but a majority of .the Senate take these
l laws to have been made by a Territorial Legisla-
! ture lawfully chosen and lawfully convened in
that Territory,) as not merely worthless, but as
disgraceful, 1 see no great difficulty in making
for them a constitution. The people who cannot
make good laws cannot make good constitutions.
; People who are not fit to make laws are not fit
j to make constitutions. If the people of Kansas
' are notso faradvanced in intelligence,in integrity,
in the qualifications necessary to enable a people
j to govern themselves, they are not qualified now
: certainly to go about the business of making them-
[ selves a constitution.
j Mr. WELLER. Do you propose to make one
for them ?
Mr. FOSTER. I answer to the question of
the gentleman from California—I say I would
rather do that than have anarchy there. I would
not call it a State convention, but I would make
it an organic law: call it a constitution—the term
does not matter. I would make an organic law
for the Territory, and 1 would pass laws under
which that people should live, until at all events
I became satisfied that there were intelligence and
integrity enough in the community to make their
own laws; and whenever I had found by experi-
ment, as the Senate seems to have found by
experiment, that there is not, I certainly would
continue the system until I found they might
safely be trusted to make their own laws; and I
would not deem ifrtyranny. Why, how far is this
doctrine of self-government to go? Certain natu-
ralists,sometimes called philosophers, have traced
men down into the race of ourang-outangs and
monkeys. Are we, if that could be established as
a true theory, to go so far, or will gentlemen go
so far as to say that ourang-outangs should be
entitled to make laws to firovern themselves
Mr. TOOMBS. Not negroes.
Mr. FOSTER. The gentleman from Georgia
says negroes cannot. "Well, if a white man be-
comes just as ignorant, just as degraded, just as
incapable of self-government and of makin<* laws
to govern himself and the community in which
he lives, as a negro, I do not think that because
his skin is white it sanctifies his other deficien-
cies.
These, Mr. President, without taking further
time, and I did not intend to take up so much,
are a very few—I should give more if there was
time—a very few of the reasons why I have voted
as I have on these questions which have been
recently before the Senate. I have voted against
this bill of the Senate because it cannot, in my
judgment, produce any of the fruits promised for
it. I have voted in favor of the Topeka consti-
tution, not because it ia a proper measure under
ordinary circumstances—not because I would vote
for it under ordinary circumstances, but in the
present extraordinary circumstances I have voted
for it, and I believe that it is the best measure of
peace both to Kansas and the country.
Mr. STUART. I would not ask the indul-
gence of the Senate for a moment if I did not fear
it might be supposed that I acquiesced in the
criticisms of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] on my position in regard to the action of
Michigan as compared with Kansas. In five
minutes I think I can explain, if explanation were
needed, wherein he has mistaken altogether the
facts in relation to Michigan.
The Senator states that Michigan acted with-
out law. I controvert that position. Michigan
acted either under the law of the Territory or
under the law of Congress, in every single move-
ment that was made for her admission into the
Union; and, without consuming time, the very
last act which was performed, the consent given
by her convention, was by a convention author-
ized to be held by a law of Congress, and Con-
gress itself was the sole judge of whether that law
had been complied with. Congress decided that
it had. So that there was not a single move-
ment, from the commencement to the termination,
that was not in accordance with either the law of
the Territory or the law of Congress.
The Senator criticised my remarks on another
topic. With what I thought a great deal of self-
composure at least, he said he did not propose his
amendment as a measure of peace, and he sup-
posed that was controverting my argument! I
did not say that he did propose it as a measure
of peace; I said that he proposed it, and told the
Senator from Ohio that he proposed it as a meas-
ure of protection to the people who were in the
Territory, and who should go back into the Ter-
ritory, and I said it furnished no protection. I
never said anything about its being proposed as
a measure of peace. Then the Senator asked me
if, touching the qualifications of voters by Con-
gress, it is not a violation of the organic act? Sir,
if it is not in the power of Congress to limit the
action of the Territory to the principles and acts
of the organic law in that respect, it is not in any:.
If the Territory under the authority given by
Congress can assess a tax of one dollar on the
exercise of the elective franchise, it can assess a
tix of a million; and what then becomes of the free
action of the citizens of the United States, being
inhabitants of the Territory, and free white men,
above the age of twenty-one years?
The Senator asks me, by way of criticism, if
in Michigan counselors do not swear to support
the constitution of the State? I suppose they do
in all the States; but is that a parallel case to
swearing a counselor to support a particular law.
Here is a Territory, and it does not swear coun-
selors to support an act of the Territory, but of
Congress; and yet the Senator cannot see that
that ft violative of the freedom of speech neces-
sarily incident to the free exercise of the privi-
leges of a voter and of a citizen of that Territory-
JNow, sir, I am not going to consume the time
