J856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
869
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
of the Senate in discussing this question. The
points which I have stated are, I think, sufficient
to show the truth of the maxim under which the
Senator started out, and to show that he con-
ducted his argument under it, when he said it
was easy to erect a man of straw and then knock
him down. Sir, he did not state my position in
a single instance, but he stated one for me, and
then supposed he knocked it ower.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the report of the Committee on
Printing.
The report was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
SPEECH OF HON. R. TOOMBS,
OF GEORGIA,
In the Senate, July 9, 1856,
On the report of the Committee on Printing In favor of
printing twenty thousand extra copies of the bill to en-
able the people of the Territory of Kansas to form i  con-
stitution and a State government, preparatory to their
admission into the Union.
Mr. TOOMBS said: Mr. President, I have
been all the morning anxious to proceed to the
consideration of the order of the day. I had no
desire to participate in this debate, and had de-
termined not to engage in it until a measure with
which I have been somewhat connected for the
last two or three weeks has been denounced on
this floor, by a person making some pretensions
to respectability, as a fraud and a cheat. I think
it due to myself and the country to try that issue
with him. I will not designate his phrase as it
deserves, because of the presence of the Senate;
but I will demonstrate what epithet it does demand
and is entitled to.
The bill has but a single object. It simply
proposes to enable the bona fide inhabitants of
Kansas to make a State constitution, in order to
.its immediate admission into the Union. The
means of doing this are simple, plain, and appro-
priate. The first is to have a fair enumeration
and registration of the voters, to the end that it
may be known who are the bona fide voters of
Kansas. The second is to guard the ballot-box
against fraud and violence, that these bona fide
electors shall elect their own delegates to the pro-
posed convention to make a constitution. Every
iliing else is auxiliary to these great objects. The
primary purpose is to leave the people of Kansas
free to make what form of constitution they
please. The mode has been held by the Senator
from Maine, and every one on this floor, to be
effective for that purpose. This has been ad-
mitted by him VJ-day. No single amendment, as
far as I recollect, for the better security of these
objects, has been proposed on this floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from New
Hampshire proposed to extend the time.
Mr. TOOMBS. I said no amendment was
proposed for the better security of these objects;
and I stated accurately what I* meant to state.
The Senator from New Hampshire admitted that
the provisions of the bill were fair, but he deemed
the time unpropitious;and one of.his amendments
proposed to put it off to April, and another to
July next. But that the provisions of the bill
now denounced as a fraud and a cheat, do con-
summate fully, perfectly, honestly, and fairly,
these professed objects, even the Senator who
makes the charge has not pretended to deny,
notwithstanding his epithets. Postponing the
time does in no wise anact the provisions of the
proposed bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Understand me. I say
that under some circumstances the«bill might do.
I was speaking of it under present circumstances.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understand the Senator. I
am speaking now of its effect; I am construing
the bill; ana when I get through that point I
will answer the Senator's other objections. J say
it is confessed that the bill fairly and honestly,
as far as legislation can do it, does precisely what
it aims to do. While' this great fact is not dis-
puted, it is said that it is a fraud and a cheat!
When it seeks an honorable object, when it seeks
a desirable object, when it seeks an object pro-
fessed by every Senator on this floor—professed,
I say, but, I believe, only professed, and not
desired, by a part of ther.i—to restore peace to
Kansas, and to carry out the provision of the
original act, to let the people establish their own jj
government in their own way—when every pro-
vision of it is apt to that purpose, suited to pro-
duce the end, admitted to be so, it is still called
a fraud and a cheat!
The first ground upon which the Senator from
Maine designates the bill as a fraud and a cheat
is that it gives no protection to the people in the
Territory from this time until the election. That
is a simple misrepresentation of the bill. To
correct this misrepresentation answers that argu-
ment. By the last section of the bill the entire
military power of the United States is given to
the commissioners to carry out every provision
of the bill. The bill then, by apt words and ap-
propriate means, seeks to carry out its object by
legislation. It gives the military power of the
country to aid it. And now, Mr. President, I
desire to know of you, of the Senate, and of
every honest man in America, in what other way
can legislation act? I wish to know the other
agencies by which a purpose can be accomplished
honestly, fairly, legally, and constitutionally.
Here is a law proposed adequate to the end.
Here is physical force to back the law. Show
me any other agency by which to accomplish
these ends.
But it is a fraud and a cheat! Are any of its
sections occult ? What provision " palters in a
double sense >" Is there any provision which
will lead to doubtful disputations? Not one.
They all defy even the pretenses of our oppo-
nents, who are driven to the most naked ana un-
founded misrepresentation, both of the provisions
and objects of the bill, in order to give color to
their opposition. They know it does justice to
Kansas, and will therefore restore peace to the
country. They know justice and peace are fatal
to their schemes.
As I have already remarked, the first objection
made by the Senator from Maine", that it has no
mode of protecting voters, is a simple misrepre-
sentation, for the entire military force is given for
that purpose from the first day to the last of the
existence of the commission. Any men who
have been driven from the Territory, whenever
they choose to go back, are protected in going,
back, in being enrolled, in staying there; and if
anybody attempts to defeat any provision of this
hill, it is made the duty of the five commissioners
to call upon the_ President to use the entire mili-
tary power of the country in order to secure every
right conferred by the bill. There is no excep-
tion. The power extends to every right. If any
man is disturbed in that Territory, we place in
the hands of those who are to execute the law
full, ample, sufficient power to carry out its
every provision. Therefore, I say every right
conferred by this bill has a military clause to back
it, placed in the hands of its executors, the com-
missioners, who are to carry it out. I say, then,
the statement of thp Senator from Maine has no
foundation except in a misstatement of the pro-
visions of the bill.
He gives us other reasons. We are told that
the free-State men are driven out. This state-
ment is made upon reports. In this connection
1 will correct a statement made by the Senator
from Massachusetts. How can we expect accu-
rate accounts from Kansas when there is so much
doubt, and difficulty, and misrepresentation about
what takes place here in this Chamber every day ?
If I understood the Senator from Massachusetts
he said that this bill was introduced after the re-
turn of the House committee from Kansas, whose
report showed that no fair election could be held
there. Am I right in this statement?
Mr. WILSON. I think I could not have said
so. It was introduced before the return of the
committee; but not passed until afterwards.
Mr. TOOMBS. That statement, then, stands
corrected. The fact is, that the bill was intro-
duced about a week before the House commis-
sion returned. I will say frankly to the Senator,
that what that roving commission might do in
Kansas could, under no possible circumstances,
influence my conduct or action. I do not intend
to travel out of the rules of the Senate by going
into their action. I knew what they went for,
and I had no doubt they would find it, and bring
it back. They did not go out for the truth; no-
body expected them to bring it back. They have
deceived nobody. To this moment 1 have not
seen the evidence they brought back. I have
read their report; but I shall be very much de-
ceived if they have not brought back what they
went for.
Then, sir, we are told that it was improper to
pass my bill at the present time, because free-Stata
men have been driven away from Kansas. I do
not believe there is such a fact shown or proven in
the history of Kansas, except in regard to thosa
men who "were in open resistance to the laws of
the land, or who were organized with arms in
their hands to resist those laws. The lawful
authorities of the Territory have driven out or
arrested such men, and ought to have done it;
and by the same authority pro-slavery men were
driven away. I do not believe there is any other
case. I know of none, and I have seen no evi-
dence to show any other. I have seen what pur-
ported to be a letter from Governor Shannon to
Major Buford, that he would drive out persons
with arms in.their hands; but that peaceable set-
tlers, without arms, might freely come into the
Territory. This is the basis of his proclamation.
This is in accordance with the orders of the Pres-
ident of the United States. The President can
turn nobody out except on the legislation of the
Governor, or in case of resistance to the laws of
the United States. The military power cannot
be used in any other case. No man dare use it.
If he used it, as I said on a former occasion, he
would be liable to impeachment, and I should
most unquestionably vote to convict him. The
President claims no right to use the military force
under any other circumstances than those enu-
merated in the acts of 1795 and 1807. His orders
in pursuance of those acts were sent to Kansas.
They have been before the country for a long
time. If they have been transcended by his in-
ferior officers, bring us the evidence of it. Do
not go to your newspapers, or your letters from
flying traitors, or your fraudulent statements, or
your ex parte committees. You will find two
sides to that committee when you get at the bot-
tom of it. Of course, I know which one the Sen-
ator from Maine will rely upon. He alludes to
it as though there was but one report.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There has been but one
made as yet.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not expect, when they
started out, that there would be unanimity, and
I should have been very much surprised if that
was the result when they came back.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They stand two to one.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is exactly where I knew
they would stand. But, sir, what are the real diffi-
culties in Kansas? We have had poetry enough
upon this subject—falsehoods enough upon it.
Enough of far-fetched and false applications of
eloquent denunciations of other-men and other
times, of real wrongs and substantial woes. The
Senator from Vermont has lugged in and misap-
plied to Kansas Philips's famous and eloquent
description of Irish wrongs under British tyranny.
But the truth can withstand all these assaults. It
is only to be regretted that the first symptoms of
rebellion were not met in limine with more ener-
f1 etic action. We are told that houses have been
urned, and people have been murdered in Kan-
! sas. That is true. These free-State marauders,
I Free-Soil freebooters, it is well authenticated,
have recently gone to the homes of peaceful citi-
j zens, and murdered them in the dead of night,
in their own houses, in their own beds, sur-
rounded by their wives and children. Other
murders and arsons of equal ferocity have been
committed in that Territory. By whom? By
those oppressed and peaceable free-State citizens
of K&nsfis
Mr. FESSENDEN. Have you any proof of
it?
Mr. TOOMBS. I have seen the affidavits as
to the facts. I allude to the case of Doyle. In
the peaceable city of Lawrence, a sheriff was shot
in the back, in his tent, at midnight. He has not
yet died, but he probably will die from the effects
of the assassin's ball. The Senator from Maine
Bays, thatall these people did was simply to rescue
