870
APPENDIX TO THE COrtGRESSPOttAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
34th Cong • ••* 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
men from arrest under a peace-warrant. I should
like to know what higher crime against society,
short of treason, there is, than rescuing men from
the hands of the law? It is known to all mankind
that audacious statements will not alter the fact,
that they denied the validity of every one of the
territorial laws, and resisted the whole of them.
It is a truth as plain as the sun, and a wayfaring
man, though a fool, knows it. They declared it
in their own convention—they declared it in the
effort to make a State constitution, that they
would not obey these laws. The Senator from
Maine says they ought not to obey them._ They
have been applauded for not doing it. They have
been compared to all the great heroes of antiquity.
The defense of Lawrence, it has been asserted
by a most distinguished, or, at least, very noto-
rious individual, (about this time,) equaled in
heroism the most cherished models of ancient or
modern times. The most atrocious scenes of
violence in Kansas, so they were in opposition
to the existing government, have been justified,
applauded, and sung in poetry and prose, on this
floor. The brutal were thereby incited to deeds
ef violence; and when it was met by violence, as
they well knew it would be, they raised a hypo-
critical lament for the disorders and violence of
Kansas.^ It is their political stock in trade.
1 admit that there have been murders and dis-
orders in Kansas-, I admit that persons of both
farties have killed some of their opponents; but
say the pro-slavery men have been on the side
of law ana order, and have been acting in obedi-
ence to law all the time.
. The Senator from Maine said that I approved
tibe Kansas laws. My speech is in print. I said,
in answer to the honorable gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] that I approved that
law which punished persons for inciting insurrec-
tion amongst the slaves, and that all Governments
had laws to punish people for raising seditions
against the Government. That was my reply to
tne Senator from New Hampshire on the 28th of
February, and I presume that is what the Sena-
. tor from Maine alluded to. Of course he can
vary it by a statement to suit himself, but I have
given you what I said. I passed no opinion on
all the laws, because I never read them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not state it as a
matter of positive recollection. I said it was my
impression that the Senator from Georgia ex-
pressed his approbation of those laws.
Mr. TOOMBS. I .expressed my approbation
of the law which I have stated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had the impression that
he expressed his approbation of all of them,
.perhaps in his seat, at the time when the Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] spoke.
Mr. TOOMBS. I generally leave no mistake
as to what I approve or disapprove. The«gentle-
raan may afford to deal fairly with pie, fori have
no concealment. I express my approbation of
what I approve, and my disapprobation of what
I disapprove, everywhere, in order—I fear, some-
times, out of order. I did not express my ap-
proval of all of these laws, because I have never
read or seen them. I confess, however, that many
of the laws which I voted to abrogate I thought
tood. I saw the policy of Mr. Lawrence, the
ead of the aid company, as disclosed by him-
self in his letter to General Atchison. I saw the
use that he and his confederates might make even
of immaterial and perhaps proper legislation.
Excitement was a necessary element to the suc-
_ cess of their schemes. Carrying out that policy,
I knew these laws would be seized upon, dis-
torted, and held up to odium at the North for the
purpose of perverting and misdirecting the public
mind. I voted to repeal them, not deeming them
fundamental. I would repeal even a good law to
prevent bad men from getting an advantage bv it.
That was my purpose. It was a very plain one,
and I think a, justifiable one. ;
Thft Senator from Maine says all the disorders
; in Kansas grow out of the repeal of the Missouri
compromise. If he had gone further back, he
might have traced them somewhere else. If you
had not passed the Kansas-Nebraska bill, several
gentlemen say no difficulty would have occurred.
Well, sir, you can go further back. If God had
not made the world,it would not have happened.
But this is th« reasoning of shallow minds. If
you can trace a logical connection between the
act and these disturbances, you will be entitled
to a hearing from men of sense; but I say there
is no such logical connection. No such trouble
exists in Nebraska, or Utah, or New Mexico.
Why? If the cause was in the principle of the
law, why did it not produce the same fruits in
one case as in the other ? This fact is conclusive,
that the difficulty does not result from the prin-
ciple of the law. Then the cause must be some-
thing else. You may say that if the pro-slavery
men had not gone into Kansas, there would have
been no trouble. Very well; and so if the emi-
grant aid society men had not gone there, this
difficulty would not have taken place. If Jeffer-
son had not bought this territory, it would not
have occurred. If you had not put the restriction
there, it would not have occurred. You may
state fifty contingencies in which it would not
have happened; but when you are reasoning with
honest men and with statesmen, you must show
that they necessarily and rightfully result from
the act; and, secondly, after all this, that the act
was wrong; for if it be right, though the act pro-
duced it, the guilt is upon those who resist just
and equal laws
As conclusive proof that the principle has not
produced the result, I offer the fact tnat we find
no such trouble where it has been applied else-
where. Again, I prove it by the fact that the
same principle was applied to these very Terri-
tories of Kansas and Nebraska, in 1804, without
producing mischief. In 1812 it was applied to
Missouri, which then embraced these Territories;
and there were then no border invasions, no sub-
jugations of the ballot-box, but the Territory
went on quietly and peaceably, until its admis-
sion as a State. The same principle was applied
to Arkansas; south of the line of 36° 30' there
was no establishment of slavery, but that ques-
tion was left to the people freely to determine for
themselves. There was no excitement there.
There has been no trouble in Louisiana, in Mis-
souri, in Arkansas, in Florida, or wherever the
piinciple has been applied. Then the difficulty
is not in the principle.
Well, sir, what is the principle? Of course I
shall not agree with the Senator from Maine
about it. He says that I am wholly mistaken as
to the principle being affirmed by the Baltimore
Whig convention of 1852, for he was on the com-
mittee, and knows all about the resolution. I
expect, sir, when he gets to the bottom of it, he
will find that resolution did not originate in his
committee. I knew something' about it before it
got to Baltimore. It declares that the settlement
of 1850 was a final adjustment, "in principle and
substance," of the questions to which it related.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But the Senator's state-
ment was not as to the principle of the bill of
1850. .
Mr. TOOMBS. Then the question is not as to
a matter of fact, but a reason. The Senator says
that I am mistaken in a fact because we differ as
to a reason.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator did not al-
lude to the legislation of 1850, but he said that the
principle of popular sovereignty was sanctioned
in 1852, and incorporated into the Whig platform.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly I said so, and I will
show it. In the contest of 1850, three principles
were contended for. One was, that slavery should
be prohibited by Congress. A large majority of
Congress held to this principle—the Senator's
friends among them. That was the Wilmot-pro-
v iso doctrine contended for by the party of the
gentleman, and of those opposing this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was the doctrine of
the Democratic party in the whole North, except
in Iowa. 1
Mr. TOOMBS. No doubt many of them, at
that time, held to this error, but those have
mostly gone oyer to the Free-Soilers since. I
thought it was the duty of the Government to 1
protect slave property in the Territories until they
should come into the Union as States, and then
let them do as they pleased. There was not a '
large party to sustain this doctrine; but I believed ,
it was right then, and I believe so now. But a j
large portion of the South, and a great number of;
the North, true national men, said: " Let us leave ,
the people of the Territories to pass on this and I
all other domestic relations, as far as the Consti-
tution will allow." I agreed to it. Congress
adopted it, and incorporated it into the bills of
1850. The Senator from Maine says it is not
there. I offer him this evidence: three fourths of
the Senate and those who supported those meas-
ures say it is there. He has opposed both, but
he undertakes toconstrue our meaning for us. I
do not consider mm a good expounder of others'
creeds. I suppose he would hardly undertake to
construe mine, for he says he cannot understand
my arguments on this or any other subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the statement was
general.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No.
Mr. TOOMBS. I so thought, and therefore I
excuse him. If he cannot comprehend me, I
should not be so discourteous as to assign a
reason.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Remember, that I said it
in no discourteous spirit or manner.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am not taking it that way.
But I am not surprised at the Senator's construc-
tion, when he expresses his inability to compre-
hend my argument. It is well known to every
man in the Senate, of the most moderate capacity,
that three points were passed upon in 18m).
Mine, perhaps, may have been so infinitesimal
as to escape the attention of some. The question
was then settled on this basis: that Congress
would not legislate against slavery in New Mexico
and Utah, but would leave the people of those
Territories to decide- the question of slavery for
themselves when they came into the Union The
principle of non-intervention against slavery in
the Territories was then approved and incorpo-
rated in these bills. In 1854 we made ourselves
expounders of our own meaning in 1850, and de-
clared that the Missouri prohibition was against
the adjustment of 1850, and should therefore be
repealed. That was our construction. That
was the truth in our judgment. I myself told
my constituents so, in a letter addressed to them
immediately after the passage of the act of 1850.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me remind the Sena-
tor that this morning, on another subject, he
stated that cotemporaneous exposition was not
to be received to influence Congress.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; but the Senator's
point is no point. But I have not said that what
a public man says upon the passage of a law, as
to liis understanding of it, was not conclusive on
that point. I spoke this morning of precedents,
not cotemporaneous exposition, as the Senator
supposes. Whether he can see the distinction or
not, I must leave the explanation, and proceed.
In this case, prohibition was demanded, and was
rejected in the compromise measures of 1850,
and non-intervention against slavery,adopted by
their movers; and I therefore say the principle was
against prohibition. Everybody knows it; there
can be no two opinions about it,'except with
those who have no respect for truth. The prin-
ciple established in 1850 was, that Congress would
not legislate to prohibit slavery in the Territo-
ries. Then what did we do ? We put Kansas
and Nebraska under the settlement of 1850. We
did the same thing for them by repealing an ex-
isting prohibition, and leaving them without a
congressional prohibition of slavery, and conse-
quently under the principle of the acts of 1850.
But, Mr. President, we are told that landmarks
have been removed, and accursed be they who
remove landmarks. Sir, if there be in the lowest
depths a still lower d«>pp, they deserve it who
would pervert Holy Writ to promote their own
base purposes—falsify the Word of God to sup-
port a gigantic imposture. Who removed land-
marks ? My friend from Missouri [Mr. Gstm]
has shown that in less than twelve months after
the adoption of the Missouri line the majority of
the northern representatives voted apiinst the
admission of the State of Missouri. Because her
constitution did not suit them, they voted to send
her back. It is a part of the public history of
the country, to be found in the Journals of Con-
gress, and daily falsified by the Free-Soilers, with
full knowledge of the facts which have again and
again been read to them. .
Again, fVom the day when it was passed to this
hour, and especially during the last nine or ten
