872
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 12,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Damrell.
Ho. of Reps.
-we leave the Territory open to all the people who
may go there, to exercise all the powers which
they can exercise concerning their domestic in-
stitutions under the Constitution, and when they
come into the Union they shall determine whether
or not slavery shall exist." We reouire, how-
ever, that there shall be a fair vote. The people
of the South sent me here to commit no fraud, no
cheat. They sent me here to meet the honest
freemen of the country, and to stand with them
by what they and we solemnly pledged ourselves
to the country. . •
The Black Republicans have told us, time and
again, at this sessio ., that a majority of the peo-
ple of Kansas are in favor of a free-State consti-
tution. I propose a means of ascertaining it.
If vou will have a fair election and get a consti-
tution to suit you, 1 am ready to vote for it. I
do it in this bill. This is your only road to
success; for believe me when I tell you that
you may elect fifty Fremonts, and^ organize a
thousand aid societies, and still it will take the
power that can call light out of darkness to
wrench it from their grasp by any other means
than the ballot-box. This you may rely upon.
I only ask a fair election. These men will stand
by the law; they will abide by the right; they
will stand the judgment of their peers; they will
stand a fair ballot-box; but when you seek to
take the Territory from them by the cartridge
box, they will not stand it, and you will earn
it when you get it.
ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
SPEECH OF HON. W. S. DAMRELL,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
July 12,1856.
The Boose having under consideration the report of the
committee on tUe alleged assault of Hon. Preston S.
Beooks on Hon. Charles Schner, of the Senate,
Mr. DAMRELL said:
Mr. Speaker: Debate on the question before
us has taken a wide range on both sides of the
House. The gentleman from North Carolina
has made a lengthy argument in defense of the
" freedom of the cudgel" as an antidote to the
"freedom of speech." The gentleman from
South Carolina and the gentleman from North
Carolina have dragged in the revered Benjamin
Franklin, the patriot, the statesman, the philos-
opher, the philanthropist, the printer, and quoted
him in defense of the "liberty of the cudgel."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I protest, as a printer, against
this slander of that great and good man, wholspent
a long and vigorous life in defense of the freedom
of speech and of the press, and in securing Ito us
the inalienable rights of " life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness." I challenge those gentle-
men to quote a line from the writings of Franklin,
or from his speeches, that, rightly interpreted,
will justify them in the use of the cudgel for any
such purpose as it was used in the Senate Cham-
ber upon the head of Charles Sumner. The
gentleman must have been sadly pushed for argu-
ments in support of cudgeling when he quoted
this ironical rebuke, administered by Franklin to
the hot bloods of his day.
Here are his words, quoted from the works of
■Franklin by Jared Sparks, volume 2, page 511:
" Of the checks proper to b« established against the abuse
of power in these, courts.
" Hitherto, there are none. But since so much has been
written and_published on the Federal Constitution, and the
necessity ot checks in all other parts of good government,
has been so clearly and learnedly sustained, I find myself
ao far enlightened as to suspect some check may be proper
in this part also; but I have been at a loss to imagine any
that may not be construed an infringement of the sacred
liberty of the press. At length, however, I think I have
found one that, instead of diminishing general liberty, shall
augment it; which is, by restoring to the people a species
of liberty, of which they have been deprived by out laws;
I mean the liberty of the cudgel. In the rude state of so-
ciety, prior to the existence of laws, if one man gave
another ill language, the affronted person would return it
by a box on the ear, and, if repeated, by a good drubbing ;
and this without offending against any law.
" But now, the right nf making such returns is denied, and
they are punished as breaches of the peace. While the
right of abusing seems to remain in full force, the laws
made agamst it being rendered ineffectual by the ' liberty
of the presi.'
" My proposal, then, is to leave the liberty of the press un-
' touched, to be exercised in its full extent, force, and vigor;
| but to permit the ' liberty of the cudgel to go with it pari
passu-' Thus, my fellow-citizens, it an impudent writer
, attacks your reputation, dearer to you, perhaps, than your
! life, and puts his name to the charge, you may go to him as
openly and break his head. If he conceals himself behind
the printer, and you can, nevertheless, discover who he is,
you may, in like manner, waylay him in the night, attack
him behind, and give him a good drubbing.
"Thus far goes my project as to 'private' resentment
and retribution. Dut if the public should ever happen to be
affronted, as it ought to be, with the conduct of such writers,
I would not advise proceeding immediately to these ex-
tremities ; but that we should, in moderation, content our-
selves with tarring and feathering, and tossing them in a
blanket. If, however, it should be thought that this propo-
sal of mine may disturb the public peace, I would then
humbly recommend to our legislators to take up the con-
sideration of both liberties, that of the 'press' and that of
the 'cudgel,' and, by an explicit law, mark their extent
and limits; and, at the same time that they secure the per-
son of a citizen from ' assaults,' they would likewise pro-
vide for the security of his reputation."
The gentleman from Georgia has justified sla-
very by quoting the dying words of a pious
slave, and cautioned us on this side of the House
not to war against God in our opposition to
slavery. We are professed believers in the in-
spiration of the Bible: what it teaches we receive
as the word of God. "What therefore God hath
joined together let not man put asunder." These
are words of Holy Writ. What kind of godliness
is that which does not hesitate to abrogate this
law? Again: " Honor thy father and thy mother."
[| "Children, obey your parents." Slaveholding
I godliness must add to these commands, "if your
; masters are willing," or they must certainly ad-
mit the Divine law is abrogated in this particular.
I It was not bright recollections of bondage that so
II enraptured the pious soul of the slave alluded to,
| in the hour of his dissolution. It was Christianity,
j opening to his vision the land of promise. It was
I the presence of his Savior, and the cheering invi-
i tation, "Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit
! the kingdom prepared for youfrom the foundation
of the world!" Well might the poor old bond-
man shout for joy at the immediate prospect of
emancipation from southern slavery, and exaltation
to a throne of heavenly glory!
Mr. Speaker, I have not, at any time during
the protracted discussion of this question, had a
1 reasonable doubt as to the right or the ability of
, this House to punish its members for disorderly
conduct. The act being admitted by the offend-
ing member, we should pass the resolutions
offered by the majority of the committee.
Mr. Speaker, this is an occasion which calls not
merely for the silent vote, but for the outspoken
voice of every Massachusetts Representative.
The liberty of speech has been assailed in the
person of a Massachusetts Senator; and that
liberty must be defended by free speech on this
floor.
I wish briefly to state some of the grounds
upon which I shall record my vote for the expul-
sion, from this body, of an offending member.
! The act which we are now discussing was a blow
at the fundamental principles of our Government.
1 We are a Republic, sustained, not by a secret
police, not by the terror of a standing army, not
by brute force, but by the intelligence and virtue
of a free people. Of course free discussion is a
prime, a necessary element of order. Principles,
acts, and sometimes even men, and men of nigh
; degree, must be open to investigation and criti-
cism. If not, freedom is but a name; we are
ruled by the strongest arm, and might becomes
right. Sir, the deed, without a name for its atrocity,
which stained the Senate Chamber with the blood
of one of its members, must be reprobated by
every true republican. Our very political life was
struck at, and we must resent it with manly in-
dignation, or American freedom is at an end. _
Especially do we, from the same State with
the honored, stricken Senator, feel ourselves and
our glorious old Commonwealth assailed. Our
freedom of speech, our political rights, the honor
of a member of the great Confederacy, demand
vindication. Ay, sir, every one of us, every
one of our constituents, feels himself personally
aggrieved, and in their name we demand redress.
A sovereign State of the Union demands de-
! cided action on the part of this House—demands
' that you remove the reproach which has been
cast upon her.
Charles Sbmner was the mouthpiece of Mas-
sachusetts, and, as such, did he speak words of
truth and soberness. How he should speak it
was not for any Senator or any member of this
House to judge. He was responsible to Massa-
chusetts; and to her laws, and to her public opin-
ion he was answerable.
Sir, Massachusetts, thoughlyingunderacolder
sky than some of her sister States, has as nice,
and keen a sense of honor, as any of them; and
she comes here, with conscious dignity, to ask
whether you will permit the stain thus cast upon
her honor to remain ?
Sir, not only Massachusetts, but every State,
and every citizen of every State, has a direct in-
terest in this matter; for, aside from the fact of
our Federal union, which makes all to suffer with
a part, who can tell upon wha State next may
descend the bludgeon of the assassin , should her
representative utter sentiments obnoxious to those
of another.
Sir, we must have perfect freedom of speech
on the floors of Congress; and whoever inter-
feres with it should be met with prompt reproba-
tion. If this act of one of our members be not
sternly rebuked, who can tell the consequences?
If here, in the highest council of the nation, we
cannot have freedom of speech, where can we
have it ? An attempt has been made to muzzle
i the free press of the North. It is not the first
I time the experiment has been made to manacle
that institution, which should be free to canvass
all public measures and men, subject only to the
wholesome restraints of public opinion and law.
Shall the pulpit next be assailed by the bludgeon
and the rifle? and the minister, who, fearing
God more than man, speaks boldly against wrong
and the abuse of power, be met at the door of
the sanctuary with a revolver? Some of these
sad consequences are historical and existing real-
ities. There are sections of our land where the
press and the pulpit are shackled—where free
words, if not agreeable to the popular ear, can
be uttered only at the hazard of life. The gutta-
percha cane, the revolver, the bowie-knife, the
fist, and a composition of tar and feathers—these
are the noble presiding geniuses of the political
arena, the press, the pulpit, the post office, and
! the parlor; while Freedom stands by and weeps.
Sir, if this condition of things must be, then
in the name of all that is pure, and worthy, and
of good report, let it be sectional and local—
let it not be nationalized. We of the free North
want no such foreign institutions ingrafted on our
i body politic. For one, I would repel the attempt
i to introduce the disagreeable exotic among us,
for such an attempt has been made. Bullyism
! has crossed its Rubicon, and entered these national
legislative Halls consecrated to universal liberty.
Ay, sir, it has, with bold effrontery, strided into
the free North, and smitten her in the face. For
I' the North is here by her Representatives, and has
!! spoken, in thunder tones, by her votes in the
i Thirty-Fourth Congress, her determination to
1 check the further extension of the black dominion;
and she sees in the assault upon one of her Sen-
ators an indication of an endeavor to "subdue"
her—ay, that is the word — to "subdue" her.
Regarding it as fearfully suggestive of what is
; yet in store if she meanly cowers beneath the
! insult, Massachusetts is now as profoundly
aroused as in the days of the Revolution.
, Mr. Speaker, this act of violence should not
be regarded as the act simply of one man—an
ebullition of personal passion. No, sir, there was
a power behind the member from South Carolina,
that urged him forward to strike the cowardly
blow—he was only the agent; his arm was
nerved by the slaveholding oligarchy, which has
long ruled this nation, and now seeks to crush out
, the last vestiges of freedom. But while this fact
somewhat lessens his criminality, it makes more
, imperative and urgent our duty to reprove his act
of intimidation and violence; for we, as a t/on
I gress of freemen, ought indignantly to rebuke lat
! terrible, haughty oligarchy, which has usurped
the Government, an! is so fast converting it into
! an engine of universal oppression. I almost for-
I get the man, the individual instrument, while I
contemplate that formidable political inquisition,
( which is aiming to put every man upon the rack
who holds or avows sentiments heretical to the
! black creed of slavery. We ought, by a prompt
