876
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 12,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. op Reps.
£
offensive personality had been directed; and, if I
mistake not, it came there through the direct
agency or authority of the Senator who had pro-
nounced it. This member is one who has a heart
overflowing with kindly feelings, and who has
been hitherto distinguished, both here and else-
where, by his obliging disposition and his con-
ciliatory temper, not less than by his cordial and
agreeable manners. Well, sir, it is well known
that where there is a temperament which is easily
excited to acts of kindness, and which is impuls-
ive in the discharge of all the courtesies of life,
it necessarily, also, is one keenly sensitive .to
injury; and that it is just as impulsive in resent-
ing what seems to be a wrpng, as it is in doing a
kindness. When this member read thatdiscourse
he felt that the language contained in it was an
outrage upon hip State, and an insult to his friend
and relative; and when we remember that it was
so regarded by a vast majority of fafr-minded,
dispassionate men, can it be wondered at, or con- 1
sidered as in the least degree extraordinary, that :
one thus situated, and who hod been a soldier, ;
too—
" Seeking the bubble reputation, 1
Even in the cannon's mouth," '
on the fields of Mexico, should have been " sud-
den and.quick in quarrel," and that, smarting
under a sense of wanton injury to his State, by
whom he had been honored, and to his friend and
relative, by whom he was beloved, he should
from that moment have sought the man who per-
petrated the outrage and offered the insult, until
he found him, and beat him with a staff calculated
to inflict a personal indignity, but not sufficient
to endanger life or limb?
Had there been nothing else but the official
positions of the parties to this occurrence to dis-
tinguish the assault made by the member from
South Carolina on the person of the Senator fVom
Massachusetts, from other assaults made in the
heat of blood, and under the influence of a public
provocation, there could have been no difficulty
in disposing of it in a proper manner.
The assault upon the person of the Senator from
Massachusetts was an offense against the muni-
ci pal law, and as such was punishable by the courts
of j ustice exercising j urisdiction over the territory
in which it was committed. To this law the mem-
ber from South Carolina was responsible; and
when called upon in the ordinary course of legal
roceeding, to answer for the act, he submitted
is person to the authority of the law, and ac-
knowledged himself amenable to the judicial tri-
bunals of the country for what he had done.
Besides the question involved in the prosecution
instituted against the member from South Caro-
lina, on the very day, and almost in the very
hour, of the commission of the assault on the
Senator from Massachusetts, there was another
one, in the estimation of many, which directly in-
terested both Houses of Congress, and which it
was the duty of both Houses to inquire into and
decide, growing out of the act of the member from
South Carolina, to wit: The question whether
the assault on the Senator from Massachusetts
did or did not constitute a breach of the privileges
of that Senator and of the Senate, so as to be
cognizable by both or either of the Houses of
Congress, as well as the ordinary courts of jus-
tice ? j
This last question, however, though in itself!
of easy solution if it were left to be decided upon
argument and authority, is in such a position, I
because of the geographical situation of the par- I
ties to the act which has given rise to it, and their
■relations to the political parties of the day, that I
a decision of it by reason, in accordance with i
true legal and constitutional principles, is hardly
to be looked for at this time; and the question
itself, therefore, because of this, swells beyond
its natural proportions, and becomes one of such
magnitude and importance as will require the ex-
ercise of whatever of moderation, of fairness, and
patriotism, is to be found in this body, to brine it to
a satisfactory settlement. The present position
of parties among us, it must be admitted on all
hands, is one that is well calculated to awaken
deep reflection in the minds of all those who feel
an interest in the perpetuity of our present Union;
and as I am one of those who believe that, im-
portant as that Union is to the whole great family
of confederated States, it can be preserved only
by keeping the action of the General Government
and of all the departments of the General Gov-
ernment, and the action of the several States and
of the people of the several States, with respect
to each other, strictly within the limits prescribed
and established by the Constitution, and the
principles of the Constitution, it is now my
purpose to attempt to show that the action con-
templated by the House, in the resolution pro-
posed by the majority of the special committee,
and which is now under consideration, goes be-
yond those limits, and' that the action ought not
to be taken; and, indeed, that it would not and
could not be taken by the House, unless the case
before us should be entirely lost sight of by mem-
bers, and it should be considered, notin the light
of a personal difficulty between two individuals,
but of a contest involving the principles, the in-
terests, and the fortunes, of the two great political
parties to which those individuals respectively
belong.
The resolution to which I refer is in the follow-
ing words:
" Resolved, That Presto* S. Brooks be, and he is forth-
with, expelled from this House, as a Representative from the
State of South Carolina."
This resolution is based upon the assumption,
in the preamble preceding the resolution, that
the assault made by the Representative from
South Carolina upon " the person of Charles
Sumner, a Senator from Massachusetts, while
seated at his desk in the Senate Chamber, after
the adjournment of that body on the 22d of
May last," " was a breach of the privileges not
only of the Senate, but of the Senator assailed,
and of this House," because the assault was
"in direct violation of the Constitution of the
United States, which declares that the Senators
and Representatives, 'for any speech or debate
in either House, shall not be questioned in any
other place.' "
It is obvious to all who are in the least familiar
with the interpretation of statutory and consti-
tutional provisions, that their extent and effect
are to be ascertained and determined by refer-
ence to the objects they were designed to accom-
plish; and it is clear to my mind that, if this rule
be adopted, and we recur to the original founda-
tions of parliamentary privilege, and to the history
of the constitutional provisions bearing on the
subject, it will be found that the pretensions set
up by the advocates of the resolution are of dan-
gerous tendency, and, if carried out, would be
subversive of the rights of individuals guaran-
tied to them by other provisions of the instru-
ment from which it is pretended the privileges
now asserted are derived.
The " privileges " of Parliament in England
are, by the highest authorities in that country,
said to rest solely upon the law and custom of
Parliament, and upon statutory enactments.
Upon those grounds, and those alone, all privi-
leges are founded. I know it is supposed by
many that there are privileges which are inherent
in the very nature of parliamentary bodies, and
that these privileges exist wherever a parlia-
mentary body exists, without there ever having
been any separate and distinct exertion of the
law-making or legislative power for their crea-
tion. But this is not so; nor was it ever pre-
tended that it was so in the country from whence
we derived those notions and habits and princi-
ples which led to their establishment and use on
this side of the Atlantic.
Many among us are in the habit of considering
all those privileges now enjoyed by the Houses of
Parliament in England, which cannot be shown
to have had a different origin by an actual refer-
ence to some known statute, as being of that
character. That, however, is manifestly errone-
ous. They are dependent on a M peculiar law,"
called'' the lex et consueludo Parliamenti,'' or law of
Parliament; and this law had the same origin, and
is as much a part of the unwritten law of the land
in Great Britain, as the common law itself, which
controls and governs in relation to the rights of
individuals in all the various relations of life, in
the absence of any modern statutory enactment
to the contrary. And where did the unwritten
English common law, which regulates contracts,
fixes the rules of inheritance, distributes estates,
defines and punishes misdemeanors and offenses
and crimes, and does a thousand other things
which are of perpetual recurrence in the daily
workings of their Government,—where, I say,
does that " common law" come from? That can
be traced to no particular statute, nor does history
furnish any evidence as to where or when it began,
or by what authority it was established; but will
any one say that it was the result of the existence
of society, and was " inherent" in its very nature,
and therefore was not created by positive legis-
lation? Why, sir, it is the universal judgment
1 of the world, that all the rules of that system of
unwritten law which are now to be sought after
I in judicial precedents, or are to be ascertained, to
use the expression of one of its greatest oracles,
only " by showing that it hath always been the
custom to observe them," were the results of
positive legislative enactments; that they made
f>arts of a great system of conventional law, estab-
ished by the expressed and declared will of the
law-making power, no matter by whom that power
was exercised; and that the action of the courts
engaged in expounding those positive laws having
outlived the laws themselves and the memory of
those laws which had guided them in their de-
cisions, those decisions were looked to and con-
sidered as evidences of what the law was in all
cases " when the memory of man" ran " not to
the contrary." And so it was with the unwritten
law of Parliament. Whatever of "privileges"
the Houses of Parliament enjoyed at any time in
England must of necessity have been founded on
positive law in their beginnings, although those
laws and their very memories nave perished and'
been lost in the revolutions that desolated, or the
darkness that brooded over England for the many
centuries that preceded the birth of authentic
modern history.
By looking into English authorities, it will be
found that the •'privileges" of Parliament resolve
themselves in England into two classes: first,
those which the Houses of Parliament enjoy in
their collective capacity as constituent parts of
the high court of Parliament, or national Legis-
lature; and second, those which are enjoyed by
individual members. It is not requisite, for the
purposes of this discussion, to go into an enu-
meration of the distinct privileges included in
these classes respectively; but it is sufficient to
say, that all those connected with the exercise of
tfce collective power of the separate Houses, such
at the right of access to the person of the King
upon questions of public concernment; the power
to enforce its orders; that of punishing indignities
offered to the character or proceedings of Parlia-
ment by libelous reflections; and that of punish-
ing persons for reflections upon members by libel-
ous publications, or for interfering with them
in the discharge of their duties, as by offering
bribes, or challenging, threatening, assaulting, or
otherwise molesting members on account of their
conduct in Parliament, (May on Parliament, pp.
55, 76, 84, 85,) belong to the first class men-
tioned; whilst the right to freedom of speech, and
that of exemption from arrest, and from assaults
and personal molestation, were of a personal
I character, and were embraced in the last class.
(May on Parliament, pp. 96, 105, &c.)
j If the case which has given rise to tnis discus-
! sion had occurred in England, it would not have
1 been considered as a breach of the privileges of
the House to which the member assaulted be-
longed, in its collective capacity; but if it were
a breach of privilege at all, it would have been
embraced in the second class, either because it
was a violation of the right of the person as-
saulted to " freedom of speech," or of his right
to an entire exemption from assaults and personal
molestations. In England, beyond all doubt, it
could not have been regarded as a breach of priv-
ilege, unless upon one or the other of these par-
ticular grounds.
Let us then examine, and see if the assault or
the Representative from South Carolina would
have been held to be a breach of the privilege of
the Senator from Massachusetts, on the ground
that it violated the freedom of speech granted to
him in debate in the House, as if that question
were now to be decided by the parliamentary law
of England. It is clear that it would not; for in
Tj-'ngi nri it is well settled, that whilst a member
