tra
AJPPBflPIS TO THE COJXGHESSIQNAi, GLQBI2. [ju]y 12>
34oph Cong.,..1st Sess.
Assault o* Mr, Summer—Mr.Taylor.
Ho. op Reps.
merit, there is now no means of knowing, though
it is probable it had its origin in those remote
times from which no distinct records have come
down to us. But, at whatever period in English
history it was first granted to them, it has been
twice, at least, since specially recognized, and
extended to them by statutes, which can be ex-
amined by any one who desires it in the collection
of the English Statutes it Large, now in the
Library of Congress. 1 n the fifth year of Henry
IV., (A. D. 1403,) there was a special act provid-
ing for the punishment of a particular assaujt
made upon a member of Parliament; and at the
end of the act (2 Pickering's Statutes, 448) it is
declared that, " moreover, it is accorded in the
same Parliament, that likewise it be done In time
to come in like case." And, again, in the elev-
enth year of Henry VI., (A. D., 1433) there was
another statute enacted on the same subject,
(3 Pickering's Statutes, 195,) in which it is de-
clared that " the King, willing to provide for the
ease and tranquillity of those that come to the
Parliament and councils of the Kin°r by his com-
mandment, hath ordained and estaluished, that if
any assault or affray be made to any lord, spir-
itual or temporal, knight of the shire, citizen, or
burgher, come to the Parliament, or other council
of the King, by his commandment," such assault
or affray shall be punished in a particular manner.
It is to be observed, that this last act does not
limit the " privilege" conferred to members of
Parliament, but that it is equally given to all
those who belonged to any of the " councils" of
the King, and that neither of these two stat-
utes say anything as to the right of Parliament
to judge for itself with respect to this privilege,
where their members were concerned. That
right, however, is given to it by other laws, as
to all its privileges, in the most ample manner;
and it has always been fully recognized by the
courts.—(May on Parliament, 59,144.)
Arid, now, the question arises: What is to be
the rule of our decision in the case now before
us ? Ought we in any way to be governed by the
English law of parliamentary privilege? Or
should we be guided entirely by our own law,
and refer to that of England only so far as it
may assist us, with its reasons or its analogies, :
in determining the true construction to be given
to our own ? Certainly we are to be guided en-
tirely by our own law. This point is too clear to
need any support from authority. We may look
elsewhere for light; but that light, from whatever
source it may be derived, is to be made use of :
only to give us aid in interpreting our own law
rightly. That law is to be found in the Consti-
tution of the United States, and in that alone;
for there has been no legislation on the subject
since the adoption of that instrument; and it is
contained in two paragraphs in the Constitution;
one in section six, ana the other in section five,
of article one, as follows:
" The Senators and Representatives shall in ail cases,
except treason, felony, and breach of the peace, be privi -
leged from arrest during tlieir attendance at the session of
their respective Houses, and in going to and returning from
the same; and for any speech or debate in either House,
they shall not be questioned in any other place.
" Each House may determine the rales of its proceed-
ings, punish its members for disorderly behavior, and, with
the concurrence of two thirds, expel a member."
By a comparison of the language of the first par-
agraph just quoted, which declares that " for any
speech or debate in either House" the Senators
and Representatives in the Congress of the U nited
States^" "hall not be questioned in any other
place," with the parliamentary law of England
on the subject of freedom of speech in Parlia-
ment, it will be at once seen that the privileges
of members of our Congress and of the members
of the English Parliament, in that particular, de-
pend upon provisions of law the s%pie in substance
una in spirit, and that the same course of reason-
ing which has in England led to the restriction
of that privilege to words spoken in debate only
while they rest in the ear of members, and to the
determination that it does not in any way extend
to the statements contained in printed speeches
would not only justify, but absolutely require^
the same decision here. No unbiased mind can'
1 think, resist this conclusion. And if this be
Mt, th«n the only other legal questions to be ex-
an thosa as to whether a Senator or
Representative in Congress has any peculiar
protection from assaults, beyond that which the
law extends to all other citizens equally with
himself; and if the Houses of Congress are spe-
cial judicatures, with authority to vindicate the
rights of their members to a personal exemption
from violence, to the exclusion of that of all other
persons. The slightest investigation, will, I
think, be sufficient to show to the satisfaction of
any fair-minded man that here, qt least, there is
neither such a right nor such a judicature.
In the passages of the Constitution which
create ana establish the privileges of the two
Houses of Congress, and of their members, there
is not one word which gives to members any
right to exemption from violence on the part of
private persons, or which gives their respective
Houses atiy power to take cognizance of any
such violence committed on them. This fact
alone is sufficient to show that neither the per-
sonal privilege on the part of the Senator from
Massachusetts with respect to assaults, nor the
power on the part of the House to take any action
with A view to the punishment of the assault
committed by the Representative from South
Carolina, can have any existence, if we apply
the rule of construction to be deduced from Eng-
lish practice and English precedents to the inter-
pretation of the constitutional provisions referred
to. In that country, no privilege on the part of a
member, no power on the part of Parliament to
consider any particular act within its jurisdiction
as a breach of privilege, can exist, which has not
a foundation in the ancient law of Parliament,
which constitutes a part of the English common
law, or in the modern statute law; for, as was
said by a great writer in that country, whose
expression is quoted with approbation by May,
in his very able work on the Law, Privileges,
Proceedings, and Usage of Parliament, " There
can be no privilege of which the law doth not
take notice, and which is not pleadable by and
at law." It is unquestionably within the power
of the law-maker to attach any privilege which
it may deem appropriate or desirable to the per-
son of a Senator or Representative beyond what
is enjoyed by the mass of his fellows, and to give
to the Houses respectively all the powers required
to enforce or vindicate those privileges.
But the question at issue is this : Is a Senator
or Representative in Congress entitled to a greater
protection from personal violence than is extended
to other persons by law; and is either House of
Congress possessed of an extraordinary power
to punish persons who assault their members, in
violation of this privilege, under and by authority
of the Constitution of the United States ? [t has
been admitted by two of the advocates of the res-
olution—one [Mr. Pennington] a member of the
committee who reported it, ana the other [Mr.
Simmons] the chairman of the Judiciary Commit-
tee of the House, thitt there is no grant of such a
privilege or of such a power, in express terms,
in the Constitution; but they assert, nevertheless,
that both the privilege and the power to punish ]
its violation exist under the Constitution; and
that the privilege on the part of the members,
and the power in the Houses, necessarily result
from their mere creation, because they are in-
herent in the very nature of such bodies, and are
absolutely inseparable from them wherever they
exist under legitimate authority. And this, Mr.
Speaker, is the only distinct ground on which the
advocates of the resolution support the preten- .
sions advanced in the committee's report, so far
as I have been able to learn from anything which j
has reached my ears in the course of this discus- :
sion. i
A number of precedents furnished by the pre- '
vious action of Congress, have been appealed to
by gentlemen on the other side us fully sustain-
ing them in the positions they have taken. It ;
would not be difficult to show that the prece- '
dents referred to do not go the length pretended. !
This, however, is unnecessary, as the question
now is: Wl*t ought the House to do? not what 1
has it heretofore done ? The question as to our
powers or privileges under the Constitution is
a political one, which must be decided, when-
ever it arises in either House, by reason, not
precedent. It is not so, however, with courts of
juotiee. If a judgment is rendered by a court of
competent jurisdiction, the decision is afterwards
respected, because courts of justice were estab-
lished with the sole object of deciding upon in-
dividual rights, as the public interest was not at
all, or very remotely, affected by the result of
such contests. The public convenience soon led to
the adoption by the courts of the maxim, stare
decisis; because, so far as individuals were con-
cerned, it was thought more important that a rule
should be certain than that it should be right. It
is otherwise, however, with respect to all public
questions to be decided by the political power of
a government. There the public good requires
1 that no question affecting the public rights should
j be regarded as settled, unless it be decided, riglu.
■ A disregard of this distinction has led some of
' those taking a part in the discussion to assert
I that the very point now under examination has
been settled by a decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, and that we are concluded
by that decision. The decision alluded to is that
of Anderson vs. Dunn, reported in 6 Wheaton.
' If it were true that the principle contended for by
the advocates of the resolution had been recog-
nized in that decision, the circumstance would
have been entitled to no weight, because the Su-
i preme Court of the United States is not compe-
tent to confer power or privileges on the members
1 of the two Houses, individually or collectively.
When individuals are affected, the court, beyond
all doubt, may decide upon any question growing
out of the action of either House of Congress in-
cidentally, so far as that particular case is con-
cerned; but their decision can never be considered
as in any way binding upon the Houses, so as to
either enlarge or restrain their powers under the
Constitution. But, if it had been otherwise, the
decision in the case of Anderson vs. Dunn, could
have had no effect on the determination of the
House; for the decision not only does not sustain
I the position taken by the member from New Jer-
sey, [Mr. Pennington,] and the member from
, New York, [Mr. Simmons,] but when it is critic-
\ ally examined, it will be found to militate strongly
! against it.
The case was this: A person not a member
offered a bribe to a member of the House, with
a view to influence his action in his public capa-
city. The fact was made known to the House, and
the person offering the bribe was taken into cus-
tody by theSergeant-at-Arms, and held in custody
until the fact was inquired into; and the person
was convicted of the offer to bribe, and was
brought to the bar of the House to receive its
censure. After his discharge, the person thus
dealt with brought an action for false imprison-
ment against the Sergeant-at-Arms. The court
decided that no action would lie upon the case
before them. By reference to the pleadings in
the case it will be seen that the Sergeant-at-Arms,
in his plea, justified the arrest of the plaintiff on
the ground that he held the plaintiff in custody
under a warrant of the Speaker of the House,
issued in conformity and obedience " to the tenor
1 and effect of the standing rules and orders or-
dained and established by the House for the
determining of the rules of its proceedings," &c.,
and that it was by the House <; resolved and
i ordered, pursuant to the tenor and effect of such
standing rules and orders, so ordained and estab-
lished as aforesaid," &c., that the plaintiff" had
been guilty," &c. The plaintiff demurred to this
i plea; and the judgment of the Supreme Court
was rendered upon a writ of error to the inferior
court, upon a judgment overruling the demurrer.
The plea of the Sergeant-at-Arms was, in sub-
stance, that he held the plaintiff in custody, while
under arrest, in virtue of an order issued under
the authority of the standing rules and orders,
ordained and established by the House for the de-
, termining of the rules of its proceedings, and that
«ie plaintiff had been adjudged guilty upon the
(large against him, " pursuant to the tenor and
! effect of such standing rules and orders so or-
dained and established." This plea was not trav-
1 ersed, but the facts alleged in it were admitted
by the demurrer.
The act of Anderson was one which was cal-
culated, not only to obstruct the proceedings of
the House, but to totally pervert them; and the
i power of the House to provide for punishing such
, an act by a Standing rule of the House is not
