1896.J
A^ErlWX TO THE CONGHE9SION AeL GLOBBi
879
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. or Reps.
denied by any one on this side of the House.
The question really at issue in that ease was,
whether the House had the powerto adopt stand-
in" rules and orders for the punishment of such
an'act? In the present case, every member on
this side of' the House admits that that power
exists; and the proceedings against the member
from South Carolina are resisted, because the
House had not, when the act complained of took
place, any standing rule or order ordained and
established by it authorizing such a proceeding,
and not because there was no power or authority
to ordain and establish such standing rules and
orders. The decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States in that case is in perfect har-
mony with the position of this side of the House
now. Adverting to the fact, that there is no power
given by the Constitution to either House to pun-
ish third persons for " contempts," properly so
called, as defined by my friend from North Car-
olina [Mr. Wins low] in his very admirable ar-
gument on yesterday, the court says, " It is true
that such a power, if it exists, must be derived
from implication." And this, beyond all doubt,
is so. The power in the two Houses to provide
for their own protection, and for the punishment
of those who disturb, or in any way obstruct, their
proceeding's or process is necessarily implied in
the grant of power " to determine the rules of its
proceedings. The discretion which the court
Speaks of as one which must necessarily exist
somewhere exists under this implied power
with respect to third persons, and it is exercised
whenever either of the Houses establish rules to
protect themselves, or to provide for the punish-
ment of third persons who interfere with, or in
anyway disturb, their proceedings, or obstruct the
execution of their orders or process. Whatever
is convenient, proper, or necessary to secure this
end the Houses have complete authority to adopt
with respect to third persons. But the court in-
timates that no such implied power exists with
respect to the members of the two Houses, a!nd
that whatever power the Houses may see fit to
exercise over them must be restrained within the
limits of the express grant of power with respect
to them. It is obvious that the court was of
opinion, at that time, that no power over their
Own members would have been vested in either
House, but for the express grant. Tliis is clearly
shown by the remark, " that the exercise of the
powers given over their own members was of
such a delicate nature, that a constitutional pro-
vision became necessary to assert or communi-
cate it. Constituted as that body is, of the del-
egates of confederated States, some such provision
was necessary to guard against their mutual jeal-
ousy, since every proceeding against a representa-
tive would indirectly affect the honor or interests
of the State which sent him." Prom what I
have said, is it not too clear to admit of doubt,
that this case, which the advocates of the resolu-
tion have made so much noise about, tells against
their positions, and in our favor, as far as it has
any application to the matter under discussion?
But, sir, I will no longer waste time by referring
to precedents furnished by the previous action of
Congress, or to judicial decisions, but will go on
and show, by higher and better authority, to wit:
by the judgment and practice of the whole Amer-
ican people, as shown by their legislative or
constitutional action at every period of their his-
tory as separate political communities, Whether
colonial or independent, that no peculiar privi-
leges on the part of the members of their differ-
ent Legislative Assemblies, or peculiar powers on
the part of the Legislative Assemblies themselves,
for their own protection, or for the protection of
their members, have ever been enjoyed or exer-
cised unless by the special permission or positive
grant of the law-making power.
When this continent was settled by our fathers,
the new institutions which they built up for"
themselves in the wilderness were fashioned after
tlie forms of those with which they had been
familiar in their former homes. The legislative
power necessary for the management of those
concerns in which they had a common interest
was, in the different colonies, rested in delibera-
tive bodies, which the people of the colonies
were respectively empowered to establish for
themselves under the authorityof royal charter*.
It will not be necessary for me to refer to all of
the colonies in detail: it will be sufficient for my
present purpose to call the attention of the House
to the legislative origin of the parliamentary
privileges of the Legislatures and their members
in two or three of the colonies, by way of illus-
tration of the manner in which they were estab-
lished in all the rest; and, with that view, I will
first take up the history of the action of the peo-
i pie of Rhode Island, partly because its charter
| was, to say the least, as full and explicit with
respect to the powers of its General Assembly as
that of any of the others, and partly because,
owing to the fact that that charter was not super-
seded until very recently, the action of the people
under its Authority can be more easily traced by
the mass of those who feel ah interest in the
subject. In most of the other colonies, the old
cliarteTS were superseded early in the Revolution
which separated them from the mother country,
and it needs, at this timie, almost an antiquarian
research into niusty records to trace up the facts
which illustrate and establish the principle I have
referred to.
The charter which formed the basis of the
government of Rhode Island from 1663 until 1842,
when the present constitution was adopted, pro-
vided for the election of a General Assembly, and
declared what number of the members should
form a quorum for the transaction of business,
and gave to the General Assembly, by express
grant, the power " to elect and constitute such
offices and officers, and to grant such needful
commissions, as they shall think fit and requisite
for ordering, managing, and dispatching of the
affairs " of the colony, " and from time to time
to make, ordain, constitute, and repeal such laws,
statutes, orders, and ordinances, forms and cere-
monies of government and magistracy as to them"
as should "seem meet;" &c.; " and also to order,
direct, and authorize the imposition of lawful and
reasonable fines, mulcts, imprisonments, and ex-
ecuting other punishments, pecuniary and corpo-
ral, upon offenders and delinquents, according
to the course of other corporations within the
kingdom of England," &c. Well, sir, here was
a deliberative body created by positive law, and
endowed with the tnost extraordinary power.
Authority was expressly given to it to order the
imposition of lawful and reasonable fines, and
to execute " other punishments, pecuniary and
corporal, upon offenders and delinquents: and
if the notion, that there is an inherent power in
all deliberative bodies to protect themselves and
their members, independent of, and distinct from,
any specific provision of law to that^ffect, be
well founded, one would suppose that here, at
least, the power existed, and might have been ex-
ercised by the General Assembly without objec-
tion or difficulty, because power was explicitly
given to it to " order " the imposition of fines, &c.,
and to execute " punishments, pecuniary and
corporal, upon offenders and delinquents."
But did this power exist ? Were the members
of the General Assembly-of Rhode Island en-
titled to a peculiar protection to their persons
above the rest of the freemen of that colony?
And were those who presumed to assault one of
them subject to be punished by the direct action
of the General Assembly itself, in V manner dif-
ferent from what they would have been if the
assault had been made on one not a member?
Sir, if it did, one thing is certain. No such
power was ever exercised under the charter,
either as inherent in tlie very nature of a delib-
erative body, or even as a consequence of the
'express power to punish. When the propriety
of giving peculiar privileges to members of the
■General Assembly was observed, or a necessity-
arose for extending to them a peculiar protection
by the action of the General Assembly itself,
provision was made for it, from time to time, as
the different occasions presented themselves; and
it will be found, by reference to the old legisla-
tion of Rhode Island, that various acts were
passed on this subject by the General Assembly
at different periods in tne history of the State,
and that, in 1822, when the public laws of the
State were revised by a committee, and reiinacted
in a compact form by the General Assembly,
there were then in existence, not only special
laws containing provisions almost identical with
those contained in the Constitution of the United
States, but there were others in which it was
declared that every person who should " arrest,
insult, assault, or detain, any member of the
General Assembly on his way to, while at, or
on his return from, any service of the General
Assembly, shall be guilty of a.contempt of the
House of which the person" arrested, insulted,
assaulted, or detained, &c., "was a member,
"and of a violation of the privileges of the mem-
bers thereof, and shall be imprisoned for a term
not exceeding six months, at the discretion of
the said House, and shall pay all costs, and,
moreover, be liable to prosecution for said offense
at common law." And now let me ask, was a
member of the General Assembly of Rhode
Island protected from insult or assault in a man-
ner different from other men; and was an insult
given him, or qp assault committed on his per-
son, a "contempt" of the House of which ho
was a member, or a " violation" of his " priv-
ileges" as a member, before the " law" declar-
ing that he should be so protected, and that aja
insult given to him, or assault committed on his
person, should be regarded as a " contempt" of
the House, and " a breach of the privileges" of
a member, was enacted ? If so, then tell me why
there was any need of enacting any such law ?
And it was just so in Massachusetts. The first
charter of that colony was vacated and annulled
by proceedings had in the English courts at the
instance of the crown in tha reign of Charles II.,
and the Government there was entirely dependent
on the royal will until a new charter was granted
to the colony very soon after the revolution of
1688, by William III., who had succeeded to the
Stuarts. This charter was granted in 1691, and
conferred in the most formal manner upon the
people of the colony of Massachusetts the power
to establish two deliberative bodies, to constitute
a General Assembly; provided for the election of
the members who were to compose those bodies;
fixed the time of their meeting; and vested in
them the entire legislative power granted to the
people of the colony. Here, then, was an in-
stance in which, if ever, there was an opportunity
for the parliamentary privileges existing of neces-
sity, and independently of any legislative action,
as inherent in the very nature of deliberative
bodies exercising legislative power, to display
themselves; for there had been deliberative bodies
of the same character in existence in the same
colony for nearly seventy years before, and the
people were, beyond all doubt, perfectly familiar
Witn the exercise and enjoyment of certain priv-
ileges by those bodies, and their members, in
their public capacity. But the public opinion was,
that the privileges conferred by the previous legis-
lation of the colony on the deliberative bodies
of the colony and their members, were destroyed,
and fell with the abrogation of the old charter, and
the destruction of the old deliberative bodies to
which it had given existence, and therefore one
of the acts of the first General Assembly holden
; under the new charter in 1692, established anew
the privileges which that community thought it
advisable to grant to the General Assembly and
their members. And it was precisely so in Con-
I necticut. The first charter of that colony was
' also abrogated at the same time, and in the same
; manner, with that of Massachusetts, and a new
charter was granted to it at the same period.
] And here, too, the same thing took place. The
' " privileges" thought necessary for the newlegis-
j lative bodies were conferred by express law—
; though not as in the case of Massachusetts, by
i a single legislative act. They were successively
{ conferred, some at the first session of the Gen-
eral Assembly, and others again not until 1726.
And why was this ? Was it not because it waa
the settled opinion of the people of the colonies,
that no rights could attach to any persons, or col-
lections of peruons,giving them privileges beyond
what was enjoyed by men in general, no matter
how convenient or advantageous it might be to
the public service, unless by authority of special
laws? Most unquestionably it was.
But allow me to call the attention of the House
to what took place in another State, after the
Revolution, as that furnishes a mill stronger
argument-^if that be possible—against the SKipt-
snce of any '' neowewry or inherent power"
