880
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 12,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
a deliberative body, of the kind claimed by the
supporters of the resolution. I refer to the State
of North Carolina. .
In 1776, very soon after the declaration of in-
dependence by the confederated colonies, through
their delegates in Congress, North Carolina, in
her capacity of a sovereign State, "in order to
prevent anarchy and confusion," " adopted a
constitution under the authority of the people.
By that constitution, two deliberative bodies—
the Senate and House of Commons—were cre-
ated, and the whole legislative power of the
State was vested in them; but there was no pro-
vision whatever, giving any peculiar privileges
to the members of those bodies, or giving the
bodies themselves any peculiar power over their
members, or for the protection of the bodies
themselves. But in 1787, eleven years after the
adoption of that constitution, especial act of ,
the Legislature was passed, to the effect, "that
the members of the General Assembly shall have |
freedom of speech and debate in General As- |
sembly, and not be liable to impeachment or
question out of the General Assembly for words
spoken therein;" and which stated further, " that
the members" of the General Assembly were
thereby " declared protected from all arrest and
imprisonment, or attachment of property, during
the time of their going to, coming from, or at-
tending, the General Assembly, " except for
felony, treason, or breach of the peace." Were
the members of the General Assembly of North
Carolina entitled to the " privileges" conferred
by this act, before it was passed ? If so, why
Eass it? Why cumber the statute-book with
iws purporting to give peculiar rights, if those
rights had a previous existence, independent of '
all legislative action ?
If we look at the constitutions of the different
States, adopted very soon after the separation of
the colonies from Great Britain, we find that the
privileges to be enjoyed by the legislative bodies
created by them, and the individual members of
those bodies, were established in the constitutions
creating those legislative bodies; and that there
was a very considerable diversity in those privi-
leges in tne different States. In some, (as in Del-
aware and Pennsylvania,) the members were
privileged from arrest, but no authority was
given to punish the one making the arrest for a
violation of the privilege of the member arrested.
In others, (as in New Hampshire and Maryland,)
the Houses to whom members belonged who
were arrested in violation of their privilege, were
authorized to punish by imprisonment any per-
son who should arrest a member for debt. In
some, (as in Massachusetts,) the Houses were
authorized to punish by imprisonment, any per-
son, not a member, who should be guilty of disre-
spect to the House by any disorderly or con-
temptuous behavior in its presence, or who,
while the Legislature was sitting, should threaten
harm to the body or estate of any of its members
for anything said or done in the House, or who
should assault them therefor. In others, (as in
Maryland,) the same power to punish was given
with respect to all persons—whilst in others
again, no power whatever was given to punish.
A.nd some had authority to expel members for
disorderly behavior alone, (as in the case of
Pennsylvania;) some for a great misdemeanor
alone, but not a second time for the same cause,
(as in Maryland;) and some both for disorderly
behavior ana because he had been convicted of
a felonious or infamous offense, (as in Georgia.)
Whilst in others, (as in Massachusetts and New i
Hampshire,) no authority to expel at all was '
given in their constitutions, adopted in 1780 and
1792. r
And now let me ask, what is the effect of these
diversities ? Why do they exist ?
Will any one pretend that any of these different
legislative bodies to whom no authority is given
to punish one making an arrest of one of its mem-
bers in violation of his privilege, has any right
to punish the one arresting him for making the
arrest? Why, in England even, where the power
is given, it is now never exercised, because the
member arrested has authority at all times to
plead his privilege at law, and he is therefore left
to do it. And again: was there the same power
to punish all persons for disrespect of the Houses
by disorderly or contemptuous behavior in their
presence, or while the Legislature was sitting, by
threatening or assaulting members for anything
said or done in them, which was given in express
words to Maryland, possessed by Massachusetts,
to whom the power to punish for the same acts
was given, as to " persons not members;" or by
other States to whose Legislature no such power
was given at all ? Or did the Legislatures of Mas-
sachusetts and New Hampshire, whose constitu-
tions gave no authority to expel members, have
the same power to expel with those of the other
States, to whom their constitutions gave such
power ? Or did the Legislature of Pennsylvania,
to whom authority was given to expel a member
for disorderly conduct alone, possess the same
power with that of Maryland, to which the right
is given to expel for a great misdemeanor? or that
of Georgia, to which it is given when a member
has been convicted of a felonious or infamous
offense? Why, if this were so, the mere exist-
ence of the fact would stultify the action of the
people in adopting their constitutions in every
State of the Union who have embodied provisions
on these subjects in their organic laws.
But it is not so. Where provisions establishing,
the privileges of legislative bodies, and of their
members individually, were embodied in State
constitutions,.these provisions superseded all the
colonial laws on the subject, and no other privi-
leges existed than what were given by those pro-
visions. Nor could any others exist, unless they
were created afterwards by express laws, con-
stitutionally made. And this view is sustained
by the analogies of the English parliamentary
law. Under the practice and usages of the Eng-
lish Parliament, whose powers are undefined
and unlimited by any written constitution, and
are declared to exist only in the breast of Parlia-
ment, there are no privileges enjoyed by the
Houses of Parliament or their members, but such
as are founded on the common law of Parliament,
ancient, immemorial usage,or on modern statutes.
Either House might expound the law of Parlia-
ment, and vindicate its recognized or established
privileges; but it was always understood that.no
new one could be created by the separate Houses.
And the principle was authoritatively recognized
in England, in 1704, when the Lords sent a reso-
lution down to the Commons, which was assented
to by the Commons, in which it was declared
"that neither House of Parliament have power,
by any vote or declaration, to create to them-
selves new privileges, not warranted by the known
laws and customs of Parliament.'' To create any
others requires, in that country, the concurrent
action of both Houses, and the royal assent.
In America there was of course no foundation
for any privileges in the colonial Legislatures
growing outof " custom." The legislative bodies
were of recent origin. They were original crea-
tions. There was no transfer of the English par-
liamentary privileges, as they existed in England
at the time the colonies were planted. But the
legislative power vested in these bodies, which was
constantly in requisition to meet the varied ex-
igencies of their position, was exerted from time
to time in establishing such privileges as their in-
creasing experience told them were convenient,
appropi-iatevor necessary for the public interest.
No privileges sprang into existence and were
exercised by the different legislative bodies, be-
cause it was found such privileges were important,
" essential," or "necessary; or because they
were "inherent"in the very nature of such bodies,
in consequence of their being important, or "es-
sential," or "necessary;" but they were then
created and established by laws because it was
expedient that they should exist after the neces-
sity or importance of them became apparent. 1
What is proper or requisite in this respect de-
pends upon the circumstances of society and
the character of the times. What is essential in
our place, or at our period, might be useless or
improper in another place, or at another period.
What privileges ought to be given to deliberative
bodies, or to their members, is a mere question of
expediency; and is it not just as absurd to assert
that aijy particular privilege exists at any time,
or in any place, without any action of the legis-
lative power, merely because it is important, or
essential, or necessary to the public interest, that
it should do so, as it would be to say, that a par-
ticular law was in force without the declared will
of the law-maker, merely because it was import-
ant, or essential, or necessary, at a particular
time, for the public interest, that it should be so ?
| But who ever heard any assertion of such a char-
acter?
j It is clear, then, that in the different States of
j the Union whose institutions grew up under th 
authority of the British crown, and where there
was some room for the pretension that the priv-
ileges attached to members of Parliament, and to
the Houses of Parliament themselves, might have
had an existence as necessary and inherent, in the
nature of such bodies from the analogies pre-
sented by the practice and usages of the national
Parliament, no such necessary and inherent
privileges were ever asserted, and that none what-
ever existed but such as were given expressly by
law, with careful design, and after full delibera-
tion. If this were the result of the principle that
no individuals or collections of individuals, no
matter what public functions they may perform,
can be, in a country of laws, clothed with pecu-
liar rights and immunities beyond and above the
mass of citizens, without express grants of them
from the sovereign power in the colonies, de-
pendent as they were when their institutions were
founded, and whilst they were in progress to
maturity upon another country in which legisla-
tive bodies were then in existence, that had been
in the enjoyment of nearly all of these privileges
from time immemorial, how much greater and
stronger must be the reason for applying that
principle to all questions relative to the privileges
of the Congress of the United States and of in-
dividual members of Congress ?
When the Constitution of the United States
was framed, it was an original creation. It had
no connection with any existing order of things
from which it could be pretended, with any show
of plausibility, that any privileges or powers
could by any possibility have been divided.
But this is not all. The Government, which
it was the object of that Constitution to establish,
was not only one of limited powers in its scope
and design, but it was emphatically declared, in
the amendments made to the original instrument
before it went into actual operation, that "the
enumeration in the Constitution of certain rights
should not be construed to deny or disparage
others retained by the people;" and that all " the
powers not delegated to the United States by the
j Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
were reserved to tne States respectively, or to the
people." And now tell me what were the rights
of the people which they declared should not " be
j denied or disparaged" by anything contained in
the instrument amended ? Why, sir, was not
the right not to be punished for actions which
had not been declared crimes by preceding laws,
one of them ? Beyond all doubt it was. That
right has, in every age and in every country,
been regarded as the very basis and foundation
of all personal freedom. Nearly two hundred
years ago, and almost a hundred years before the
j declaration of American independence, it was so
f declared in the colony of Connecticut, by a solemn
legislative act, while she was still under kingly
authority. Good old Connecticut! She has a
hereditary claim to my respect. More than two
| centuries ago, the first one of my name and blood
upon American soil, made his home " deep in
! her unpruned forest," and for full four gener-
ations my fathers lived and toiled and died
within her limits. Their bones now lie buried
there. For this I give her my respect. But
when I remember that first of all in the colonies,
. her sons, in the very face of royal power, conse-
erated this right in those never-to-be-forgotten
words inscribed upon the pages of her statute-
, book, in 1692, " that no man shall be stained in
his honor, or good name; arrested, restrained, or
otherwise punished in his person; deprived of his
i goods or estate; nor shall in any other way be
indamaged under color of law, or countenance
i of authority, unless it be by the virtue or equity
of some express law warranting the same, estab-
lished by the general court, ana sufficiently pub-
lished,,yI love and honor her. And when the
Constitution of the United States was adopted,
this right had be«n asserted and admitted in
