1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. op Reps.
members, will not its action reach that point
where all regulated liberty ends, and tyranny-
begins? Is not the principle which is involved
in such action the same which governed the Star
Chaniberunder the Stuarts, and which was looked
on by our fathers as the most terrible instrument
of despotism which power ever wielded for the
oppression of mankind? Is not the principle
involved in such action the very same which was
struck at in Connecticut, in 1692, just after the
downfall of the last of the Stuarts, and the final
overthrow of all their arbitrary methods for har-
assing the people?—and the very same which
Massachusetts, who invokes this action, con-
demned in the earliest days of her colonial exist-
ence, and which she still condemns in the twenty-
fourth article of her " Declaration of the rights
of the inhabitants of the Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts," which now makes apart of her ex-
isting State constitution, and asserts that " laws
made to punish for actions done before the exist-
ence of such laws, and which have not been
declared crimes by preceding laws, are unjust,
oppressive, and inconsistent with the fundamental
principles of a free government?" Beyond all
doubt it is. And now, sir, if it were possible to
appeal from Philip drunk to Philip sober—from
partisan Massachusetts in 1856 to patriotic Mas-
sachusetts in 1780—I, for one, notwithstanding
the resolutions she has now seen fit to adopt, and
lay before us, would have no hesitation m sub-
mitting the decision of the question now pre-
sented to Massachusetts as she then was, with
the absolute conviction that she would not gratify
her private passion, by supporting the resolution
proposed by the committee at the expense of
public principle.
I have now said all I wished to say on the legal
and constitutional questions involved in the sub-
ject under investigation; but, before closing, I
feel compelled to notice some other matters that
have been dragged into the discussion by those
on the other side of the House, without any
shadow of right or show of propriety.
Not satisfied with giving a political and sec-
tional aspect to the assault made upon the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, every member who has
spoken on that side in the debate has taken ad-
vantage of the occasion to inveigh, in good, set
terms,
" An hour by tlie dial,"
against slavery and the slave power. And the
member from Ohio, who addressed the House
yesterday, [Mr. Giddings,] saw fit to go beyond
even this, and institute a comparison between the
people of the different parts of the Union as to
the different degrees of civilization and refine-
ment existing among them. That member, after
having expatiated in his own peculiar manner on
the assault made by the member from South
Carolina upon the Senator from Massachusetts—
and telling us all the while that his heart was
perpetually overflowing towards his southern
Brethren with the milk of human kindness—
though we, poor misguided creatures that we are,
can but think from his actions that it is with gall,
and not milk, that his heart overflows, ainpe his
actions have excited, and seem calculated to ex-
cite, that hostility to them in the northern mind
which has assailed them in the political world, in
all the relations of private and social life, and in
the religious sanctuary, and which nowtacks but
the public authority ta display itself in war.—open,
fierce, relentless, deadly war, upon the South;—
that member, I say, proceeded, by way of pre-
tending to deprecate a harsh judgment of the mo-
tives of my friend from South Carolina, [Mr.
B&ooks] to tell us, with an air that may be im-
agined, but cannot be described, that the North
stood on the very pinnacle of civilization, and
was everywhere adorned with all the graces of
manner and the refinements of language which
can give a charm to the intercourse of social life:
whilst the South, the unhappy South, he more
than intimated was sunk into a state of semi-
barbarism, and was, throughout its whole length
pnd breadth, full of acts of coarseness and bru-
tality and bloodshed.
That member, if I have been rightly informed,
has had no opportunities of becoming acquainted
with the domestic manners of the South. He is
without the means of instituting a fair compar-
ison of those manners with what he sees in the
North. "Will, sir, it has been my fortune to be
so situated that I have an equal acquaintance with
people of both sections of our country. Sir, I
was born in the North. My childhood and my
youth and early manhood were all passed in the
Empire State, where I had my birth. The rela-
tions of kindness and affection, which sprang up
years and years ago between myself and those
who were connected with me by the ties of blood,
or by those other ties growing out of early inter-
course and intimate association, have always
been maintained in their original strength with
those who surrounded me in earlier life. "Well,
sir, since I went forth from my native State, driven
by that impulse which makes so many of us seek
new homes,
" With all the world before me, where to choose
My place of rest, with Providence my guide,"
my lot has been cast in the South; and for more
than twenty years the South has been the home
of my deliberate choice. During all that time
my pursuits and my position have brought me in
contact with all the various classes of southern
society, and it has been my fortune to see—and
that nearly—as great a variety of persons, in all
the recesses of life, and in public places, as any
other person of my years; and I owe it to myself,
to truth, and to the State from which I come—
whose people, with a generous confidence, which
I regard as the greatest honor of my life, have
seen fit to make me, an adopted citizen of the
State, their representative on this floor—to say,
that, during all that time, whether I have been in
the domestic circle, in crowded saloons, or in
public assemblages, I have never heard, among
gentleman, a single altercation in which—no mat-
ter what might nave been the excitement of the
moment—there were any expressions made use
of which were personally insulting, or made with
the dgsign of wounding the feelings of another.
And, sir, I will go further. It was my happiness,
during more than twenty years, to enjoy a large
practice at the bar in that State. During that
period I managed a great number of important
and exciting cases, in which not only large pecu-
niary interests were involved, but where charac-
ter, reputation—everything that men hold most
dear, were at stake; and I say now, with all the
deliberation and solemnity which becomes a Rep-
resentative of the people who speaks from his
place in these Halls, to the people of the whole
nation—that never, during the whole of that time,
have I heard a member of the bar make use of an
expression which could, with propriety, have
been characterized as insulting to a party, or dis-
respectful to a witness; and that, during the whole
of my professional career, I have never known
but two instances, when I have been present, in
a court justice, in which counsel so far forgot
themselves in discussion—no matter how exciting
the topic, or heated the controversy—that expres-
sions were made use of toward each other which
could have been justly complained of by thegen-
tleftian and man of honor ; and that in those two
instances the objectionable expression was with-
drawn and apologized for before there was an
opportunity for even asking an explanation.
And now, Mr. Speaker, let me ask what is the
spectacle presented in your courts of justice—the
courts of justice of the civilized North? I will
not speak, sir, of what I have witnessed there.
It would ill become me to do so. But I will refer
you to any one of the many reports of the pro-
ceedings in your courts of justice, which have
appeared any time these ten years past, in what
has lately become one of the organs of the great
northern party—the New York Herald—and let
those reports answer the question. Why, sir, I
care not which one of the reports of the many
long and exciting cases which have recently en-
gaged the public attention in New York, so as to
give an increased sale to the Herald, you may
take up. Take any one you please, and you will
find that the report shows more coarseness of lan-
guage in the counsel, more breaches of the proprie-
ties of life in conduct, in manners; more invasions
of the rights of witnesses and parties entitled to
immunity from abuse, to protection from- out-
rages and assaults upon their character, in one
single day, if we are to believe these reports, than
have taken place in the South during the whole
time I have resided there. Did I say " than had
taken place?" 1 was mistaken, sir. No such
occurrences are ever witnessed there. If our
courts did not protect witnesses and parties by
their own authority, they would be safe from
wanton attack, from brow-beating, from all that
vast variety of abuse and vilification which, from
the covert insinuation and sly calumny, to the
open slander, stain the very pages of the reports
of judicial proceedings appearing in your news-
papers, because they would find protection in the
self-respect of gentlemen of the bar, or that better
and greater protection extended over them by an
all-prevading and an all-powerful public senti-
ment, which would strike down, at once and for-
ever, that man who should so far forget himself
as to abuse the privileges of a high position by
such unworthy conduct.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is still another protec-
tion thrown about parties and witnesses, which
has an immediate relation to what fell from the
member from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.] It is that
which results from the consciousness of every
man in southern society, that if he were to forget
what was due to others, they would not. Sir, it
has of late become somewhat customary, in certain
prints, to speak of the " poor" white man at the
South, as if he were debased by his position. But
I now tell you, and through you the whole coun-
try, that the " poor " white man at the South,
whether you find him engaged in the labors of
the field or of the work-shop, feels that an insult
by an attack upon his character, or an indignity
offered to his person, if unatoned for, or unre-
dressed, burns into his very soul like the brand of
shame, aiyl that he never ^ubmits to it whilst he
has a heart to feel, and ahand to strike the dastard
who dares to offer it. The true southern white
man, to use the old Scotch saying, " is as much
of a gentleman as the King, though not so rich."
Everywhere in southern society all offensive
personalities are condemned by the universal
voice. Whoever resorts to them is blamed and
visited by the censure of its people, even though
he admits his personal responsibility, and gives
the redress claimed from him to those who may
be aggrieved and demand it. To such a man
much liberty of speech is conceded, because he is
always ready to answer with his person for the
injury he may do. But no such liberty is tolerated
in the man who will not answer for his words—
who declares that, no matter how much he has
wronged his neighbor and his equal by his wan-
ton or malicious speech, he will give him no re-
dress.
The law punishes, with its avenging stroke,
those acts, only which, from their gravity, con-
stitute public wrongs. A multitude of vices—such
as lying, backbiting, Secret slander, and public
detraction—are not subjected to its censure. But
are not such acts offenses against good morals,
as well as good manners ? Are they not private in-
juries to those who are made the subjects of them?
And shall they go unwhipped of justice because the
public law is silent? In the South, it is univer-
sally held that, whatever liberties in speech one
who will avouch what he says with peril to his
person, may take, without forfeiting all right to
the society of honorable men, no such liberty
is permitted to the man who denies and repudiates
such a responsibility. Southern men, ay, and
southern women, too, think that he who will not
answer to another for an injury done by him, has
no right to do it. They think that it is the espe-
cial duty of such a man, above all others, to be
peculiarly guarded in what he says, and te never
utter a word intentionally to wound, irritate, or
insult the feelings of another; and that if he does
so, he is without any excuse, and merits any
chastisement which the person insulted may see
fit to inflict. When such a case occurs, if the man
chastised appeals to the courts, the violence to
his person is visited with the penalty the law
awards against his assailant; but no public sym-
pathy is excitejd in his behalf as a martyr to the
great principle*of freedom of speech; aid he is
left to sink to his true level as one of the con-
temners of all those rules of propriety and good
breeding which have been established for the pro-
tection of all that is beautiful and valuable in
society and private life.
The member from Ohio [Mr. Gidding«] con-
