884
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 12,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
dentins this condition of society—this state of
public feeling, because, he says, it often gives
rise to sudden affrays, in which blood is shed. It
is true such affrays do, indeed, sometimes grow
out of it, though they are by no means as nu-
merous as he would have you Believe. But they
do occur. In my view, however, they are a cheap
price to be paid by any community for the substan-
tial good which it enjoys in the prevalence of a uni-
versal courtesy of language and of manner among
all classes of society, and in the existence of an
impregnable barrier to the invasions of coarseness,
insolence, or malignant vituperation. That mem-
ber favored us with a detail of what he says is
done in the civilized North whenever the freedom
of speech is abused to the injury of any citizen.
I dare say the member is right in what he says
as to the practice which obtains in this particular,
and has obtained for a great length of time, in that
highly favored part of the Union which it is his
desire to exalt. And we see the results of the
practice he applauds everywhere there in the
reports that daily meet our eyes in public journals
of what is taking place in the courts of justice
and the halls of legislation. And that may be
what the member from Ohio vaunts as a " nigh
degree of civilization." If it be so, the South will
not envy the North the possession of it, and will
be contented to remain in what the North may
call a state of semi-barbarism if she will. She
prefers to have her moral atmosphere purified by
the quick flashes of an honorable, high-spirited
indignation, terrible and destructive as its fires
sometimes may be, rather than to allow it to grow
thick with the breath of those who indulge in the
unrestrained utterance of gross, offensive, and
brutal personalities, until every right impulse—
every elevated principle of action, withers and
dies in the bosoms of those who are under its
baleful influence, until honorable, high-minded
men—and the name of auch in the North I know
is Legion—become
" Duller than the fat weed
That rots itself in ease on Lethe's wharf,"
■to the vindication of the great right inherent in
every individual member of society—the right
"that no man shall be stained in his honor or
good name, unless it be by the virtue or equity of
some express law warranting the same, and suffi-
ciently published.''
And now, Mr. Speaker, I will say something
on another topic which has been connected with
this discussion as unnecessarily and as improp-
erly as that in regard to the different degrees of
civilization in the opposite extremes of the Union.
I allude, of course, to the subject of slavery.
This, sir, is no new subject. Slavery existed in
nearly all the States When the national Govern-
ment was founded. At the time the Constitution
was framed, the questions involved in its exist-
ence were as well understood, and as much can-
vassed, as they are now. And yet the various
States in which it either did not then exist, or in
which it was certain it would soon be abolished,
consented to form a Union with those in which it
was at that time a permanent institution. This
Union created a necessity for the meeting in these
halls, and in all the various departments of the
Government, of persons from the slaveholding
and the non-slaveholding States, for the manage-
ment of their common business. What were the
rights and obligations towards each other of the
persons meeting here under the authority of the
national compact? They were compelled to as-
sociate with each other, to a certain extent, for
the performance of their official duties; and was
it not incumbent on them all to observe all the
courtesies of life in their intercourse with each
ether, and in their deportment and language on
all public occasions? Beyond all doubt it was.
And such was uniformly the case with our fathers
when they met here in council.
But unhappily this is so no longer. Men who
come here from the North, where slavery does
rot now exist, do not hesitate to indulge in lan-
guage on the subject of slavery and slaveholding,
in the presence of those who represent States in
which slavery is recognized by law, and who are
themselves holders of slaves, that is in the highest
degree offensive to the whole southern people.
XPs>sir, they not only oppose slavery as apolitical
evil, but they con4emn it as a moral wrong
" Slavery is an outrage," say they. Slaveholders
" are now stuck together only by confederacy in
spoliation," they cry out. "There is no vileness
of dishonesty, no denied of human rights, that is
not plainly involved in the support of an institu-
tion which begins by changing men, cheated in
the image of God, into a chattel," they exclaim,
" a power which Heaven never gave," and which
" can only be maintained by means which Heaven
can never sanction!" What! is this language to
be made use of .to us by brethren whose fathers
associated with our fathers in building up this
institution, and attaching it to our soil, and that,
too, by men who claim to be guided in their faith
by the oracles of the Almighty, communicated
and made known to man by his prophets and his
apostles, in the Holy Scriptures as contained in
the Christian Bible ? What! can any one who
looks to that sacred volume for his guide and rule
of faith, venture to assert in the face of day and
of the Christian world, that slavery, that subjec-
tion of one man to the will of another in such a
manner that his services are due to him, is a sin?
a moral wrong? that it is condemned and abhor-
red by God ?
Why, sir, what is the lesson taught him in
that Book of books to which he professes to look
for that knowledge which will enable him to walk
in the way he should go, and lead a life blame-
less before God and man? Does he no^know
that that relation between man and man was
authorized by God himself?—that it was recog-
nized and permitted by Him, when, in the plain
of Mamre, he spake to Abraham, and said that
" He that is born in thy house, and he that is
bought with thy money," was embraced in the
covenant of circumcision ?—that it was recog-
nized when the Almighty descended upon Sinai,
and spoke in thunders and in lightnings to his
chosen people, and declared to them: " Thou
shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife, nor his man-
servant, nor his maid-servant, nor his ox, nor
his ass, nor anything that is his?"—that it was
recognized when, in framing the ordinances and
statutes for their civil government, He said:
" Both thy bond-men and bond-maids shall be of
the heathen that are round about you; of them
shall ye buy bond-men and bond-maids?" and
when He said, " If thou buy an Hebrew servant,
six years he shall serve; and in the seventh he
shall go out for nothing;" but that " if the ser-
vant shall plainly say, I love my master, and will
not go out free, then he shall serve him for-
ever?"—and that it was recognized in the teach-
ings of the Apostles, under the new dispensation,
when they bade servants to be obedient to their
" masters according to the flesh, with fear and
trembling, in singleness of heart, as unto Christ;
not with eye service, as men-pleasers, but as the
servants of Christ, doing the will of God from
the heart?"—and when they bade servants that
" were under the yoke," to count their own mas-
ters " worthy of ml honor, that the name of God
and his doctrine be not blasphemed?"
The member from Ohio who first addressed the
House [Mr. Bingham] prefaced wha,t my friend
from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] very happily
characterized as a" paroxysm of eloquence," and
which must have given great relief when over
to his over-wrought brain, with calling slavery,
as it exists in fifteen States of this Confederacy,
" that crime of crimes, that sum of all villain-
ies?" Where does that member get his author-
ity for such an expression ? Is it not the result
of an unbridled license which is now striking at
the best interests of society, of an insolent as-
sumption—arrogant for itself, and intolerant of
the opinions, the feelings, and the rights of
others? Where, then, I ask again, does the
member get his authority for making use of such
an expression ? If it be not in the revealed Word
of God, where is it to be found ? Is it in the
lessons taught us by the moral government of
the world from its creation; or in the nature of
the race that is now subject to the yoke? Why,
sir, all history shows that the Almighty has per-
mitted slavery to exist for His purposes in every
age whose written records have come down to
us. And if we look still further back in the still
more distant past, towards "creation's dawn,"
we still find that the rude remains of the first civ-
ilization of which there exists any trace, which
are from time to time exhumed from the sepul-
chres of forgotten nations, or disinterred from
among the ruins of ancient cities, whose very
names have perished, all proclaim with one voice,
by their paintings and their sculptures, that;
ancient as they were, slavery had a yet earlier
existence upon the earth.
And if we look at the black race which is now
in bonds, and compare it with other races which
people the world, what does that teach us ? Why,
sir, since they came into existence, as we are told
in the sacred writings, from the loins of the
offending and unfilial Ham, it has been " a ser-
vant of servants" to the other races, bowing in
patient submission to the yoke, and pouring out
their simple affections upon those who exercise
dominion over them; because, even in bonds
among the stronger and more favored races of the
earth, their condition was, and still is, in the
highest degree, elevated and happy-—ay, happy,
sir, when contrasted with that of their brethren
occupying their native seats in primeval Africa.
We know that, when the Romans invaded Britain,
they found our ancestors clothed in skins, and
sunk in what seemed the most hopeless bar-
barism, with painted bodies bedecked with child-
ish gewgaws. And what are we, their children,
now? Well, more than fifteen hundred years
before that time, the black man was in constant
contact with the most cultivated races of all
antiquity, and he has had opportunities of inter-
course with the most cultivated nations ever since
' that time. And what has been the result?
" Such ae creation's dawn first beheld him,"
; is he now.
j To what, then, is to be attributed this new-
born condemnation of slavery as a sin—a moral
wrong—a crime against God and man ? Does it
have its origin in the spirit of Christianity ?
When Jesus was on earth he taught no such
doctrine. His Apostles taught no such doctrine.
The fathers of the Church, who held rule in the
various Christian communities of Europe, Asia,
and Africa, for a long succession of centuries,
taught no such doctrine. The Reformers, Luther
and Melancthon and Calvin, taught no such doc-
trine. The Pilgrim Fathers, who fled from op-
Eression and religious intolerance in Europe to
uild up altars to the living God in the wilderness,
taught no such doctrine. Where, then, did the
doctrine come from? The answer to the question
is plain. It had its origin in infidelity. It has
drawn its sustenance from that false philosophy,
which, in defiance of the lessons taught us by all
past history and by all present experience, still
dreams of the perfectability of the human race.
The men who teach it—no matter though they
may cloak themselves in the garb of teachers of
the revealed will of God, and claim to be His
ministers on earth—are now engaged in sapping
the foundations of that religion which it has been
the boast of our people to have purified from the
corruptions which had crept into the Church in
former times. This new dogma, which is now
everywhere promulgated with all the thunders of
ecclesiastical authority from the pulpits of the
North, finds no support in revelation—no support
in true reason—no support in history—no sup-
port in the moral government of God as displayed
in the course of His providence; but is founded
alone upon the presumption and arrogance of an
erring Iraman nature which had utterance in the
ravings of that pretended philosopher, who dared
to arraign the wisdom of the Most High, as
shown in His works, and blasphemously declare
"that the scheme of creation was wrong; and
that if he had been called to the councils of the
Great Architect, he" wise man! "would have
prevented His falling into numerous blunders
and mistakes, by which, in his judgment, the
great plan was marred!" . .
Away with such philosophy! It 13 impious
error! profane delusion! blasphemous arrogance.
that the soul of the Christian and the true phi-
losopher should shrink from with shuddering and
horror. And now, sir, though not a prophet,
nor the son of a prophet, I will venture to make
this prediction: If this new dogma—this bastard
offspring of the Christianity of our day, which
is now preached from the pulpit, and supported
by all the clamors of political denunciations—
should be received by the American people
