1896.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Senator Sumner—Mr. Hall.
Ho. of Reps.
with favor, it can only be when ail respect for
revelation—all reverence for the government of
that Being who works His will here below
among- men#as He does above in the armies of
Heaven, has been utterly swept away by such a
flood ofirreligion and foul philosophy, as never
before set in upon a civilized, an intelligent peo-
ple. And what will be the inevitable result of this
state of things, growing out of this crusade
against the South which is now preached with
such zeal and fury by so many northern priests
and northern politicians ? I will tell you. If
these furious and repeated assaults upon southern
rights and southern feelings shall at last shake
and loosen, in the hearts of southern men, the
love and reverence for the Union which consti-
tute the foundations on which repose the pillars
supporting our national Government, as they in-
evitably will do, that mighty fabric will topple
over, and, rushing to its base, the nation itself
will be shattered into fragments, and the altars
of true religion will be overturned with the priests
who now desecrate them by their false doctrines,
and be buried deep beneath the awful ruins.
Who that remembers the humble birth of this
nation, and considers its amazing growth as it
has hitherto trod in quiet majesty along all the
paths that lead to greatness, but must look with
feelings of the most profound, unmixed regret,
to the possible catastrophe that may close the
drama which is now being played out by the
American people? If the fearful catastrophe to
which I allude, should close it—which may God,
in His infinite mercy to mankind, avert—what
will be said of the actors in the great drama
which had so dreadful a termination ? Why, sir,
if the Muse which our fathers in the happier days
of the Republic, placed over the portal of this
great Council Chamber, shall write upon her
pages the story of the times which preceded the
fall of so much greatness, and that story shall go
down to the unnumbered generations which may
succeed us in the remote and distant future,
whenever there shall be any mention (as there
assuredly will be) of some actor in that drama,
who stands out in that story as more prominent
than his fellows, the patriot and honest man in
every succeeding age and generation will apply
to him the language that burst in bitterness from
the very heart of the Roman mother when she
addressed her great son, in arms against his
country, and say with truth and justice—
" The man was noble,
But with his last attempt he wip'd it out;
Destroy'd his country; and his name remains
To the ensuing age, abhorr'd !"
ASSAULT ON SENATOR SUMNER.
SPEECH OF HON. ROBERT B. HALL,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
July 12,1856.
The report of the committee on the alleged assault of
Hon. Presto* S. Brooks on Hon. Charles Sumner, of
the Senate, being under consideration—
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts, said:
Mr. Speaker: I agree perfectly with those gen-
tlemen who assert that all jurisdiction in this case
is derived from the provisions of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. We know no higher
source of political power, and to no other quarter
can we direct our eyes to discover what are our
rights to preserve the independence and efficiency
Of this House.
The question which we are now called upon to
• determine is, simply, how the Constitution is to
be interpreted in those provisions which ,it has
made in relation to the privileges of Congress
as a deliberative body. The Constitution is a
singularly brief and comprehensive instrument,
generally; but, in reference to this subject of
privilege, all its provisions are contained in two
articles:
" Art. 1, Sec. 5. Each House shall be the judge of the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its own members."
* * " Each House may determine the rules of its own pro-
ceeding!!, pubiah its members for disorderly behavior, and,
with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a member.
" Sec. 6. The Senators and Representatives shall, in all
cases, except treason, felony, or breach of the peace, be
privileged from arrest during their attendance at the ses-
sion of their respective Houses, and in going to, and return-
ing from, the same; and for any speech or debate in either
House they shall not be questioned in any other place."
From the.tMior of remarks made on the other
side, it woula afcem that any sort of privilege,
except described in precise words, adapted to
each possible case, is a mere figment of the
imagination, and all parliamentary law is set
aside as irrelevant ana inoperative. But, after
all, nobody doubts that Congress has privileges.
It cannot be the only legislative body in the
world, and confessedly an improvement on all
others, without any privileges by which it may
protect its own existence, and vindicate its dig-
nity. The very fact of its republican constitu-
tion, as the representative of a Democracy, for-
bids the idea that it is not*ather fortified against
the turbulence of the people without, and the
influence of ruffianism within.
How, then, are we to interpret the doctrines
of privilege which are set forth in the Constitu-
tion, few and simple as they are? The instru-
ment, it is confessed on all sides, lays down, in
express terms, only those great and general prin-
ciples which affect the essentials of the peculiar
government which it establishes, and all the ar-
rangements necessary for the carrying on and
perfection of a free government are obviously
included in the fundamental principles expressed.
From these general principles are to be inferred all
necessary specificpowers to render them availa-
ble in practice. The mode of their application is
to be determined by the tendency to make them
effective in given instances.
We are also to interpret the Constitution, as
we do all other written documents, by a reversion
to the history of the time when it was formed,
and, if possible, identify what were the feelings
and modes of thought of the men who made it,
and ascertain what were the circumstances by
which they were surrounded. Those noble men,
sir, who have bequeathed to posterity names
which can never die, the foremost of their day,
and renowned alike for valor, virtue, and learn-
ing, did not occupy the position which has been
charged upon them on this floor. They were
too wise to cast away, all the teachings of the
past, and did not essay to construct the edifice of
free government anew, disdaining to use the pre-
cious materials at hand, and seeking only for
novelties and to produce startling effects. No,
sir; they were stern adherents of old English lib-
erty and law, and their quarrel with the mother
country was not that she prized and venerated
Magna Charta and the British constitution, but
because she violated it; and they, too, were Eng-
lishmen. All their ideas were modeled on the
principles and practices of English and colonial
legislation. They were disciplined in that school,
| and from that school they had learned their rights
as men. Most of them had served in the Legis-
latures of the several colonies, as representatives
in New England, as delegates in North Caro-
lina, or as burgesses in Virginia, and there they
had first"' defined and defended their liberties.
Of course they were pervaded by a spirit essen-
tially different from that of complete and radical
change in the constitution and government of the
legislative bodies to which they should commit
the future destinies of the people. They did not
even stop to question thg abuses of the English
parliamentary law, great as they and their ances-
tors knew them to be. They recognized its great
principles of right as essential to the free and
•unfettered exercise of the highest prerogatives of
deliberative bodies of freemen.
This view of the matter is confirmed by the
early action of those very men and their cotem-
poraries after the Government of their choice
was organized and in action. The first rules of
order and proceeding were, for the most part,
derived from the precedents of Parliament. Mr.
Jefferson was called upon to make a digest of
parliamentary law; and the result of his labors is
embodied in the Manual, which has ever since,
as then, been recognized as a standard of ap-
peal in all vexed questions, either of ordpr or
privilege. It cannot be denied that the precedents
and dicta therein contained have always had a
controlling influence on Congress. Though never
adopted as a rule by express vote of either House, |
yet they have been recognized, by common con-
sent, by long use, as fundamental and conclusive.
At any rate, they are the highest source of illus-
tration on all questions of order and privilege, if
not sanctioned as strictly legal and authoritative.
Simple, then, as the Constitution is in its lan-
guage, brief and sententious as its provisions
applicable to the question before us may be, yet
the modest sentences of the articles quoted, when
justly interpreted, so that the real meaning of
their authors may be discovered, are amply suf-
ficient to cover all the ground which is necessary
to perpetuate the existence, and to affirm all neces-
sary and just privileges of this House.
Besides, the constitutional grant of the privi-
leges enumerated defines no limit to them, be-
cause those limits can only be defined by the exi-
I gencies of individual cases; as, for instance, in
; the provision for security from arrest in going to
or returning from the sessions of Congress. It
i has been held, on the occasion arising involving
the nature of this privilege, that the time allowed
I in "going to, or returning from," must be de-
! termined by a variety of circumstances, of which
I eitherTJouse of Congress might judge, as the
1 case might be. So, also, there is not in the Con-
! stitution any inhibition of the exercise of privi-
leges which have been coeval with Parliaments.
The fact is, that privileges are inherent in the
nature of every free legislative body. They must
have within themselves the power of self-preserv-
ation and protection; they must have some means
to secure respect from their members, and from
thepeople,whose representatives they are.
This matter before us—the assault on Senator
Sumner—comes to us on complaint of the Senate,
and should be examined as such, although this
House had instituted a previous investigation.
The complaint was referred to our committee in
due form, and they have recognized it in their re-
port. They complain that a breach of their priv-
ileges has been committed by a member of this
House. Beyond this record we ought not to go.
The Senate has the sole power to determine what
are their privileges under the Constitution. This
House, nor any other tribunal, the Supreme Court,
nor the Executive, has no lawful cognizance of
the question. The Senate have also the sole
power to determine whether, in this or any case,
any breach of their privileges has been committed.
They have likewise the power, in usual cases,
where no conflicting privilege can be pleaded, to
punish such conduct, and have often exercised it.
We are possessed of their judgment in the case
before us, and their adjudication of the question
is conclusive on me and this House. I submit,
too, sir, that the circumstances under which their
judgment was pronounced give it great additional
force and solemnity. What are those circum-
stances ? Did a bare majority, under a partisan
or other unworthy impulse, make this complaint,
from sympathy with the assaulted member of
their body? Were the feelings of the members
scj enlisted on the side of Mr. Sumner, that they
could not forbear to seak a speedy revenge on his
assailant? No", sir; nothing of this. This judg-
ment was pronounced, and this complaint was
made to the House by the unanimous vote of a
! body, the most of whom were politically, and
, some of whom were personally, hostile to the
Senator from Massachusetts: a fact very greatly
to their credit, and calculated to perpetuate the
favorable estimate of the character of that body
in the eyes of the people. Without passion,
soaring above prejudice, and scorning the influ-
ence of every base motive, those fathers of the
| land acted independently, wisely, and well. This
circumstance commends their action to the most
respectful regard of the House, and should not
be without due weight in determining our action,
j In some way the privileges of the Senate must
be vindicated, or the Constitution is a mockery.
They forbear to punish the aggressor, respecting
: his privilege, as a member of this House. If we
, have, as is claimed, no jurisdiction in this matter,
why did not gentlemen oppose the reception of
, the complaint of the Senate ? Why did they allow
| so gross an infringement of decorum on the part
, of that branch, if the Constitution gives no privi-
j leges to them, or to us? Suppose, Mr. Speaker,
that the Senate, holding to the same doctrines as
I have been set forth here, should practically deny
