886
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 12;
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Senator Sumner—Mr. Hall.
Ho. of Reps.
the privileges of this House, and send their ser-
geant-at-arms to arrest the offender. being a mem-
ber of this body, either within or without the bar,
would there be any hair-splitting then ? Would
not the House suddenly ascertain that they had
privileges? And I may ask, sir, would we be
worthy to sit here did we not assert and defend
them? We should, in such a <&se, hardly sit
down to pore over the Constitution to find the
letter and the words precisely applicable to such
a case, but would bear ourselves as men, without
r point to carry, and instinctively revert to the
universal sentiment, that there is such a thing as
parliamentary privilege, and that some great prin-
ciple was involved in the issue.
I believe that it is an accepted maxim, that
every wrong supposes redress somewhere. If,
then, the Senate cannot punish this offense, and
has, in accordance with the usual course, made
complaint to this House, how do we reach the
case? It has been said in this debate, that the
Senate should vindicate its own honor, and pun-
ish all offenders against its dignity and privilege,
itself. But who does not see that, wfcen an
offsnse is committed by a member of a coordinate
branch, it is against comity—against the very
existence of two branches in a Legislature, that
one should assume the power to punish the mem-
bers of the other?—that such a course would
infallibly result in striking from existence the
feebler branch ? It appears to me, Mr. Speaker,
that the way is clear to proceed as if we had ori-
ginal jurisdiction, without any interference with
any just prerogative of the Senate whatever. Is
it not obvious, that a violation of the privileges
of the Senate by a member of this body is also
a breach of the privilege of this House ? It is in
contempt of its dignity, a flagrant offense against
parliamentary propriety, an outrage on the very
spirit of free institutions, and deserves the most
signal rebuke which this House can admin-
ister.
If our jurisdiction is beyond reasonable ques-
tion, and we may proceed to vindicate, not merely
the privileges of the Senate, infringed upon by
one of our number, but to vindicate our own
privileges, violated as much as theirs, and even
more, we ought to consider the nature of the act,
as guiding us in an estimate of the punishment
which should be inflicted. The evidence shows
that the assault on the Senator from Massachu-
setts was "for words spoken in debate;" and,as
such, it was a palpable violation of the Constitu-
tion in its expess terms; and that Constitution
every member of this House has sworn to sup-
port. Governor Brown, of Mississippi, had an
interview with Mr. Brooks very soon after the
assault was committed, and the following state-
ment was made to him by Mr. Brooks:
"The town, X suppose, will be full of rumors in a few
hours, and I desire toy friends to understand precisely what
I have done, and why I did it. Regarding the speech of
Mr. Scmner as an atrocious libel on South Carolina, and a
(ross insult to my absent relative, Judge Botler, I deter-
mined, when it was delivered, to punish him for it."
Here there is no pretense that this assault was
committed on account of the publication of a libel
on Senator Butler, or on the State of South Car-
olina. This ingenious subterfuge was- an after-
thought of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Clingman,] who opened this debate. The
fact is avowed by the assailant in the most dis-
tinct and positive terms.
Mr. BROOKS, (interrupting.) I take it for
granted that the gentleman from Massachusetts
has no desire to do me injustice. I desire now
to state to the House, that I did not hear the
second day's part of Mr. Sumner's speech, which
was the most objectionable part; and I heard
only a small portion of the first day's.
Mr. HALL. Then will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question? Was it to the first
part of the, speech which he had heard that he re-
ferred in the conversation with Governor Brown,
■when he said " when it was delivered I determ-
ined to punish him for it."
Mr. BROOKS. I cannotpretend to be accurate.
It was a loose conversation that I had with Gov-
ernor Brown. I had no reference at the time to
the discrimination between hearing and reading.
It wa& a mere accidental expression that I used.
Upon my responsibility, and upon my oath if
necessary, I say that I did not hear the speech
made on the second day, which was the most
offensive, and heard very little of the first day's
speech.
Mr. HALL. The gentlemanfro#*South Caro-
lina will understand me to spe#k now from the
evidence in my possession.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh! certainly, sir.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to make a remark in re-
lation to the point raised between the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hall] ana my col-
league, [Mr. Brooks.] He [Mr. Brooks] said,
in the conversation which ensued between my
colleague and Governor Brown, that he determ-
ined on his course after he had read the speech.
That has been, and still is, my decided impres-
sion; and it is enhanced by the fact, which I re-
member very distinctly, that he proceeded im-
mediately to repeat what had passed between
himself and Senator Sumner—that he had said to
Mr. Sumner when he approached him, " I have
read yourspeech twice and carefully,"&c. That
was a part of the res gestce. I am sure that he
told Governor Brown that he determined on his
course after reading the speech.
Mr. HALL. Sir, the evidence further shows
that this attack was calmly premeditated. Mr. Ed-
mundson's testimony is conclusive on this point.
He says, in substance, that Mr. Brooks informed
him of his purpose; and it appears that they actu-
ally advised together as to the place where it should
take place. It is not denied that the assault was
violent; and notwithstanding the attempt of the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman]
to turn the whole into ridicule, and the adroit
mystification of the physician's testimony by the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] the
whole proof goes to show that it was a case of
unusual and aggravated violence. Sir, if the as-
sault was not designed to destroy life, and I do
not think it was, it was designed! so to disgrace
the Senator as effectually to destroy him in future
influence, and to paralyze further exertion in the
discharge of his high cluties. It was designed to
brutalize him under the influence of fear, and to
strike from his brow his crown of manliness, and
to crush down his spirit. The natural effect of
this act of Mr. Brooks was to deprive the Senate
of the services and influence of one of its most
distinguished members—to defraud a State of her
fair representation—to insult the people who
formed the constituency of Mr. Sumner.
Sir, this is not to be regarded as a mere per-
sonal quarrel—a simple congressional broil—a
fracas between individual foes. The tone of levity
which gentlemen have permitted themselves to
use when endeavoring to make this representa-
tion, deserves sharp rebuke. No, sir; this strik-
ing down of a Senator in his place, within the
very Senate-house itself, and for words spoken
in that place under the sanction of the Constitu-
tion, is a graver offense than this. It is alike an
indignity to an ancient Commonwealth, and an
insult to her sovereignty, which must not pass
unavenged. And then, sir, above and beyond
all this, the transaction assumes a graver aspect,
as a violence done to great principles whicn un-
derlie the fabric of this Government.
When the weapon of the member from South
Carolina fell on the devoted head of the Senator
from Massachusetts, it was not so much Charles
Sumner that was stricken down—it was not so
much the representative of the sovereignty of
Massachusetts that was then overpowered, but it
was freedom of speech in debate which was as-
saulted; a ruffian hand laid hold on a chief pillar
of our liberties, and sought to shake it down.
It was a ruthless attack on a right secured to the
people by the Constitution; and if it is to be jus-
tified and go free of punishment, the day will soon
begin to dawn which will witness the destruction
of all our free institutions, ere its deepening twi-
light fades into the thick darkness of a long night
of ruin and despair.
Sir, freedom of debate is the very breath of
representative government. Happily, it is not
necessary for us to provide safeguards against the
power of the Crown, as our fathers did, when
they wrested this liberty from the hand of power.
We need not to strive, as have the Commons of
England, for this privilege, from the time when
they were summoned by Henry IV., down
through all the reigns, until they so nobly vindi-
cated it in the Parliament of Charles I., when
Hampden and Pym and Sir John Elliot asserted
and triumphantly sustained it. 0*r danger is
from the other side; and if we cannot preserve
this right, not merely against the encroachments
of the Executive, but the terrorism of ruffianly
parties amongst ourselves, our boasted liberty will
become a very vujgar and cruel despotism. It is
the high prerogative of the people, as ancient as
their enfranchisement, to discuss public measures
and public men. It is beyond controversy; it ia
natural and indefeasible; it is not to be challenged
any more than the right of the commonest to
breathe the air, or to walk the earth. A right in
private life—it is a duty in public life. It is even
rather to be tolerated in some excess than, by the
least restriction, to accommodate itself to tyranny,
or to become the instrument of oppression. It is
honorable to stand out on the extremest verge of
that right, and sternly to defy whoever would
seek to thrust it down. The true man willdefend
it at all times and under all circumstances, come
what may; and if he can leave no other inherit-
ance to his children, he will enrich them with the
precious legacy of free principles, and the exam-
ple of a manly, independent, and constitutional
defense of them.
" This is true liberty, when free-born men.
Having to advise the public, may speak free;
Which he who can, and will, deserves high praise:
Who neither can, nor will, may hold his peace:
What can be juster in a State than this
Sir, this is as old as Euripides,and was thought
worthy to be translated by John Milton.
The effect of this outrage on the reputation of
Congress and the country ought to have due con-
sideration. Are the representative chambers of
the freest and most enlightened people on earth to
become the theater of such scenes as make up the
history of the Polish Diet—where men sat in mail,
i and whose deliberations were overawed and con-
j j trolled by the sword ? Is the reign of terror, when
1i life and limb are imperiled for the fearless dis-
, charge of legislative duty, to be inaugurated, and
exceed the atrocities of French history by not
even going through the mockeries of legal forms ?
The gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling-
man,]—from the spirit of whose speech we must
judge that he " would have the cudgel hallowed
and hung over the altar"—says that many such
scenes have occurred before, and have been passed
over without notice, and seems to imply that such
things are to be expected in an American Con-
gress. "Pity 't is, 't is true," so far as the
past is concerned. But what other affray can
compare with this outrage in all the elements of
wrong? And is it not time that the spirit of
lawless violence should be restrained ? God for-
bid that the erroneous and faulty past should
be a justification for the present and the future!
Your Congress will become a hissing and a by-
word at home, and be the synonym for what-
ever is despicable abroad. Already, voices of
condemnation come up from the people, for
your delay in executing justice in this matter.
Massachusetts palpitates with indignation that
the crown of her sovereignty, which has been
trampled in the dust, is not restored to its original
luster by your care. The free States seem to
have but one voice in reprobating this outrage on
their birthright, and are impatient at the tardy
march of retribution. There is, too, a conserva-
tive South—ail there are not extreme men, de-
voting all to their section, and yielding nothing
for their country—and these wait for your judg-
ment. From abroad, responses have already
come. The Times, in speaking of Mr. Cramp-
ton's dismissal, affirms the difficulty of finding a
minister to be sent to Washington on account of
the uncongenial state of things here, and in its
reproaches of the barbarism which it affirms to
exist, cites as the chief evidence that our "legis-
lators cannot refrain from cudgeling each other m
the Senate-house." I speak from authentic in-
formation when I say, that all over Europe, in
cafes, in salons, in hovels and in palaces, this as-
sault is the subject of anxious inquiry and com-
mon conversation, to the detriment of our na-
tional reputation, and to the serious damage of
the cause of liberalism. If our experiment of
free government is to develop such results as this,
