1856.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Pennington.
Ho. of Reps.
wounds did not necessarily confine Mr. Sumner
one moment; and that, so far as his wounds were
concerned, he could have gone with safety to the
Senate on the preceding Friday, the day after the
assault. What did he say to Mr. Buffinton on
• the day following that Friday ? Mr. Boffinton
says:
" On Saturday I was there [at Mr. Sumner's lodgings]
before the doctor. The question was raised whether Mr.
Sunnier was able to go to the court to answer the subpena.
J said to Mr. Sumner 1 should not think it advisable to go,
but we would wait until the physician came in. I recollect
very well saying to Dr. Boyle, that as strong as I was my-
self, 1 coukl not go there without being more or less excited,
and, of course, if I could not go without being excited, it
would be impossible for Mr. Sumner to go without excite-
ment. He agreed with me, and said he would state to the
court he did not think it prudent for Mr. Sumner to appear
that day. The only danger he feared was, that erysipelas
would set in in consequence of fever, and he wanted Mr.
Sumner to keep perfectly quiet. He also remarked, that
they were the worst wounds of the kind he had ever seen.
He'said, that if he had not known the fact, he would have
■worn that they were not inflicted with a cane; he should
have supposed that they were inflicted with a brick, or
something of that kind."
But let us see what Dr. Perry says on the 28th,
the day after Dr. Boyle was first examined and
made these statements. I read the questions and
answers.
" Question, (by Mr. Pennington. ) From the first moment
you saw Mr. Sumner, has he been in such & condition that
you, as a physician, would have recommended him to go
out?
" Answer. He has been in that condition that I told him,
and told his brother, it would not be safe to go through
the excitement of any exposure of any kind. I consider
it very important that he should be kept quiet.
" Question. From your knowledge of the wounds inflict-
ed, has there been any time when it would have been pru-
dent and proper for him to leave his lodgings ?
" .Answer. No, sir.
" Question. Would the danger of doing so be imminent
in his critical condition ?
" Jlnswer. I think so. That is the opinion I have given
him from the time I first saw him."
I have neither the time rior any disposition to
go over the portion of the examination of Dr.
Boyle preceding the questions propounded by
me, which have been made the subject of the
personal allusions to myself by the gentleman
from South Carolina. It will be seen upon in-
spection, that it was evasive, indirect, and whether
intentionally so or otherwise, not such as would
be expected of a perfectly frank and impartial
witness. I desired to know why this was. It
was understood that he was accidentally called in
the emergency, and not especially trusted by Mr.
Sumner. I wished to know the fact from the
witness. It is certain thatMr. Sumner could not
have selected him, and it seems that obe of the
messengers of the Senate took it upon himself
to call Dr. Boyle to his assistance.
I had heard that Dr. Boyle was bail for Mr.
Brooks, and I wished to know how the fact was
in that particular. It seemed to me, whatever
others may think, that such an act was scarcely
compatible with the delicacy becoming his relation
at that time to Mr. Sumner. It appears that he
was not actually bail; but it is a fact that he had
consented to become such in the case of the failure
of another, who had been spoken to.
And for the same purpose, knowing as I did
then, and do now, that the extent of the injury in
this case was underrated for party purposes, I
desired to know what were his political affinities.
Not surely for the purpose of questioning his skill
or fidelity to his patients. Such was not the pur-
pose of my inquiry, but onlyto see whether there
was any cause of bias, which could account for
the strange exhibition which he had made of him-
self. There was, therefore, no edge to the satire
attempted by my colleague on the committee,
[Mr. Cobb,] in the questions propounded to the
witness as to the treatment of his patients accord-
ing to their political opinions, rather than the
state of their pulses, to which the gentleman from
South Carolina has alluded with such an air of
triumph. They are both welcome to make the
most of whatever of wit there is in this com-
mentanr on my purpose.
Welf, sir, what did the witness answer as to
his political affinities? He said he was an old-
line Whig—if he had any politics at all. I tell
the gentleman from South Carolina that I have no
fault to find with any man for being an old-line
Whig. I am just that sort of curiosity myself.
But I cannot exactly see how an old-line Whig I
should doubt whether he {iad any politics, for, as
an old-line Whig, I have very decided politics,
which I have ever, and shall ever, hold and
maintain.
The witness has since found refuge, it is said,
in the bosom of the slavery propagandist Demo-
cratic party. I rather think his heart was with
them when he was doubting, and he has now
exemplified the old adage, that
" He who doubts is damned."
I suspected as much when he was examined.
And I tell the gentleman from South Carolina,
who seems concerned about my present political
position, that I shall look for allies, not in the
direction of his friend, Dr. Boyle, and to the party
with which he has so suddenly connected himself,
but rather to those elements which, in combina-
tion for a common and patriotic purpose, can de-
feat their candidate—not James Buchanan, but
the man who, upon his own admission, has ceased
to be James Buchanan.
In the mean time, I may be allowed to con-
gratulate the Democratic party upon their new
convert, and the convert himself upon his recent
election as president of a Democratic association
of this city, where, unfortunately for both, he
can give them no aid by his vote, but where he
can hurrah if he cannot help, and wail if he can-
not win. I have now said all I wish to say in
reply to the criticisms of the gentleman from
South Carolina on my own action as a member
of the committee.
And upon the point from which I have strayed
to notice them, 1 have but a few words to add.
To show the condition of Mr. Sumner as late
as the 12th of June, I refer to the letter of Dr.
Lindsly, known as one of the most respected
physicians in this city;
C StRSEt, June 12,1856.
Dear Sir: In answer to your inquiries, I have to state
that X have been in attendance on the Hon. Charles Sum-
ner, as his physician, on account of the injuries received
by him in the Senate Chamber, from the 39th of May to the
present time—part of this time in consultation with Dr.
Perry, of Boston, and Dr. Miller, of Washington.
I have visited him at least once every day. During all
this time Mr. Sumner has been confined to his room, and
the greater part of the day confined to his bed.
Neither at the present moment, nor at any time
since Mr. Sumner's case came under my charge, has he been
in a condition to resume his duties in the senate.
My present advice to him is to go into the country, where
he can enjoy fresh air; and I think it will not be prjident
for him to enter upon bis public duties for some tune to
come.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
H. LINDSLY.
Hon. Henry Wilson.
And, in conclusion, let me say to gentlemen
who seem disposed to underrate and lobk lightly
on the injuries of the Senator and to judge him
harshly, that he is now physically but a wreck
of what he was, and that the serious apprehen-
sions of his friends, as well as some of the most
eminent of the medical profession, will fortu-
nately not be realized as a consequence of this
violence, if the light of reason shall not be extin-
guished under the arch of that God-given dome
on which these revengeful blows were rained so
thick and fast and deadly.
I now proceed, Mr. Speaker, to the argument
of the constitutional question involved in this
case.
I had no doubt, when the majority report was
made, that it could be supported upon sound prin-
ciples and by abundant precedents. I have felt
it to be my duty, nevertheless, to myself not less
than to the House and the country, to review care-
fully the grounds upon which the recommenda-
tions of the report are based, and the objections
opposed to them; and, having done so, I am only
the more strongly confirmed in my original con-
victi ons.
The minority, in their report, assert, and enter
into a long and labored argument to show, that
the facts in this case do not involve a breach of
any privilege of the Senate, or of the Senator
assailed, or of this House, or, indeed, any act
over which this House has jurisdiction, or for
which it can inflict punishment. I propose, in
answer to the minority report, and to the various
objections urged here in this debate, and else-
where, as they have fallen under my notice, to
present, as far as my limited'time will allow, the
argument by which, in my view of the case, the
action proposed by the majority may be sus-
tained, in point of jurisdiction and power to
punish, not only as rightful, but as demanded by
the highest considerations of public policy.
The argument naturally divides itself into two
parts: first, that which relates to the power to
punish; and second, that which relates to the
policy of exercising the power, and to the pun-
ishment to be inflicted.
I shall consider these in their order.
The general proposition which I shall attempt
to maintain, under the first head, is the opposite
of that asserte4 by the minority.
To this proposition there are also two branches:
first, that which asserts that the act was a viola-
tion of the constitutional provision referred to;
and second, that which asserts it to be a breach
of privilege which the House may constitutionally
punish. I am quite sure that the denial of this
proposition will strike the public ear with surprise
as a novelty, to say the least of it.
It is not denied, of course, that an assault and
battery waf> committed by Mr. Brooks upon Mr.
Sumner, nor is it denied that it was committed in
retaliation for a speech which had been delivered
by Mr. Sumner in the Senate, and without any
other provocation.
I lay no stress, in this connection, on the fact
that the assault was committed in the Senate
Chamber; for in my view of the subject that fact
does not enter into the question whether the act
was a violation of the Constitution.
But it is said, on the other side, that the act is
not a violation, because not within the intend-
ment of the Constitution.
In support of this insistment, it is contended
that this provision was designed only, and reaches
no further than, to protect Senators and Repre-
sentatives from being answerable in courts of
justice. In other words, it is insisted, in sub-
stance, that while no Senator or Representative
can be constitutionally called in question in a
court of justice for any speech or debate, he may,
nevertheless, constitutionally, or with impunity,
so far as the powers of the two Houses, or of
either House, are concerned, be beaten within an
inch of his life, and even to death, for such a
provocation.
It has been said, facetiously, that the place of
the assault in this instance—the Senate Chamber
—was chosen in strict accordance with the Con-
stitution, and that it cannot be said of Mr.
Brooks that he assailed the Senator or called
him in question for his speech in any other place
than that in which it was delivered; but, on the
contrary, that the punishment was inflicted in the
Erecise place, indicated as lawful for that purpose
y the Constitution. There is quite as much of
ingenuity, and of sound logic, too, in this propo-
sition as in the other. The language of the Con-
stitution, by a strictly literal construction, might
be held not to prohibit the beating, or the calhng
in question, in any other way, of a Senator in
the Senate Chamber, for words there spoken in
debate, but it gives no countenance, in letter or
spirit, to the insistment that it neither does nor was
designed to protect Senators and Representatives
in such cases, except as against civil and crim-
inal proceedings in courts of justice. Of the one
proposition, farcical as it, it can only be said that
it is wholly inconsistent with the spirit of the
Constitution and not with the letter; while, of
the other, it must be said, that it is equally at war
with the letter and spirit of the instrument.
The language of the Constitution in this rela-
tion is broad, clear, and comprehensive. What
is there in the letter that limits the protection
simply to immunity from lawsuits? If such only
had been the purpose of the framers of the Con-
stitution, why was not the language so limited in
terms. No body of men, as is universally con-
ceded, ever better understood, or more carefully
weighed and adapted to their purpose, the various
shades of meaning, and the force of words and
phrases, than did the framers of the Constitution in
the execution of their work. • It would have been
easy to them to have limited the application of
this protection, in unmistakable terms, to cases of
lawsuits; and they doubtless would have done
so, if they had so intended. They had before
them the English bill of rights, settled at the
Revolution, by which it was expressly declared,
