890
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 10,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Pennington.
Ho. of Reps.
as one of the fundamental liberties of the people,
"that the freedom of speech and debates and pro-
ceedings in Parliament ought not to be impeached
or questioned in any court or place out of Par-
liament." If they had designed to limit the pro-
tection only as to courts, why, it may be asked
with great pertinency, I think, did they not retain
the word " courts" alone to the exclusion of the
word "places?" The conclusion is irresistible, as
it seems to me, from the care which characterizes
the language of the Constitution in every part,
that if they had intended such a limitation, they
would have Iteft no room for doubt, perplexity, or
cavil, in regard to it. They meant that the letter
©f the Constitution, in this respect, as well as in
all others, should be interpreted according to its
spirit, and in conformity to well-understood prin-
ciples and precedents, and that it should receive
iust that construction in all its parts, that should
"best subserve the great purposes of its creation.
What, 1 ask, is the great purpose of the pro-
▼ision in question? What the principles and
precedents and the means of vindication contem-
plated by its authors and what its spirit? The
purpose was to protect Senators and Representa-
tives in the freedom of speech and debate, a pri-
vilege essential to every free legislative body,
and especially essential to that representation of
the people wnich,inthe eloquent language of the
Declaration of Independence, is "inestimable to
them, and formidable to tyrants only."
I shall not stop to enter at length into a dis-
cussion of the value of this privilege to popular
rights, or of the importance of vindicating it
against every species of assault. It is sufficient
to say, in general, that it is essential to the defense
and protection of the legislative department, and
of each of its branches,against the encroachments
of the executive and judiciary departments. It is
essential to the maintenance by each House of
its own relative, distinctive, and independent
rights and powers, as a coordinate branch of the
legislative department, against the other. It is
essential to tne exposure, denunciation, and cor-
rection of every description of fraud, corruption,
menace, abuse, and other public wrong, whenever
and wherever found, and by whomsoever com-
mitted or threatened, in all the ramifications of
our political system; and, in a word, to the due
operation and effect of all the checks and balances
©i the Constitution, to the preservation and enjoy-
ment, unimpaired, of popular liberty, and to the
framework of our republican institutions. It is
not an immunity secured to Senators and Repre-
sentatives merely, nor, indeed, at all for their own
personal advantage, but wholly for great public
ends, and as an indispensable means of promot-
ing and protecting these great public interests.
And how does the Constitution seek to accom-
plish these ends ? Is it simply by declaring, as
contended on the other side, that Senators and
Representatives shall be protected against law-
suits for what they may sayin speech or debate?
How utterly inadequate would be a protection
thus limited! How far short of the means of
protection wisely and safely available! If thus
limited, what, indeed, would it be but a declara-
tion that they shall have no other protection than
from lawsuits, in any way except such as may
be afforded by courts of justice in the exercise of
their ordinary jurisdiction in criminal cases for
the redress of public wrongs, and in civil cases
for the redress of personal injuries? Nothing
more; for, if the provision of the Constitution in
question implies no other means of protection
than immunity from lawsuits, there is no power
under the Constitution to extend any other means
of protection in such cases. Under such an inter-
pretation, no act of Congress could constitution-
ally do so; for it is only upon the opposite con-
struction that Congress could legislate for that
purpose. There is no express grant in the Con-
stitution of power to Congress to pass such an
act. If it has such a power, it is derived wholly
by implication, and if by implication, it can come
only from the general power vested in Congress
to make all laws necessary and proper for carry-
ing into execution the powers expressly granted.
No such power is expressly granted. If it be
necessary to carry into execution the powers
expressly granted, this can be only because the
protection that would be afforded under it is
necessary to the two Houses for the exercise of
their general functions, and for their own self-
preservation, as an immunity, and in that sense
a privilege, known to parliamentary law, and
therefore to be implied in the creation of the two
Houses. How does this proposition consist with
that which asserts that the Constitution does not
contemplate the protection of the freedom of
speech and of debate beyond immunity from
lawsuits, but, on the contrary, that the constitu-
tional provision for the protection of that free-
dom is to be interpreted to the exclusion of any
other means of protection ? The only ground on
which this interpretation is maintainable, if at
all, is that no such necessity exists. And surely,
they who contend that the constitutional provision
for the protection of the freedom of speech and
debate uoes not, by implication, extend io such
a case as this, because such protection is not ne-
cessary, will not so stultify themselves as to con-
tend that the power to protect in such a case as
this may be implied as a necessity under the gen-
eral power to make all laws necessary to carry
into execution the powers expressly granted. It
would be in the highest degree absurd to say that
Congress did not grant, but, on the contrary, de-
signedly excluded the grant of any power to pro-
tect the freedom of speech and debate otherwise
than as against lawsuits, because not necessary
when speaking expressly of the subject, and at
the same time to assert that the Constitution may,
by law, under the general power to which I have
referred, protect that freedom otherwise than from
lawsuits, because necessary to carry into execu-
tion the powers expressly granted.
The grant of protection to Senators and Repre-
sentatives in the freedom of speech and debate,
whatever the means of protection or the nature
of the violation contemplated, is therefore to be
found wholly in the clause of the Constitution
which declares that, " for any speech or debate
in either House, they shall not be questioned in
any other place." We are to look to the scope
of that provision alone for jurisdiction, and the
power to punish. We have the letter of the
provision before us. It is clear and ample. It
declares, in substance, that the freedom it was
designed to guaranty shall be protected against
question in any and all places other than the
House in which the speech or debate shall have
occurred. And what is its spirit? It was to
give the largest liberty to speech and debate
by affording the fullest and amplest protection.
And is it only by lawsuits that the freedom of
speech and debate may be assailed ? Is it only
by apprehensions of pecuniary damages, fines,
and imprisonment, that this freedom may be re-
strained ? We have in the case before us a signal
example of another mode of assault. And is it
possible that violence, vituperation, and every
other conceivable outrage for revenge, fraud, and
every other conceivable purpose, injurious to the
public interests, are to be let loose to war upon
so salutary and sacred a principle, asserted and
vindicated by the friends of liberty through so
many centuries of persecution, and sealed by
the blood of so many martyrs, and to cleave down
and silence the sentinels whom the Constitution
has posted on the watch-towers of the Republic ?
I can agree to no such proposition. If the free-
dom of speech and debate is worthy of protection
against lawsuits and their consequences—pecu-
niary damages, fines, and imprisonment—it is
worthy of protection against the bludgeon of the
bully, the ruthlessness of the ruffian, and the as-
saults of the assassin. Can it be, that while the
Constitution has prohibited any person aggrieved
by the speech or debate of a Senator or Repre-
sentative, from appealing for redress to a court
of justice, where the case may be calmly and
impartially administered, and has thus absolved
them from all legal liability in such cases, under
whatever circumstances of wrong and contumely
—can it be, I ask, that, while the Constitution
has been thus watchful, any person so aggrieved
may constitutionally question such Senator or
Representative, and redress his wrong in any
other mode than by suit, and elsewhere than in
a court of justice—nay, in this very citadel of
the law—and for that purpose constitute himself
at once the judge, the jury, and the executioner?
The Constitution means no such thing. It means
precisely what it expressly says—no more, no
less—as a full and ample protection to Senators
and Representatives, under all circumstances,
that they shall not be questioned in any other
place; and that, in conformity to well-established
principles and precedents of parliamentary law,
properly applicable to the purpose, and not incon-
sistent with the spirit of our institutions, the two
Houses shall possess the power to vindicate this
immunity, asa privilege of each,common to both,
inherent in their existence, a necessity of their
being, an indispensable means of self-protection
and self-preservation against all the world besides,
and against every species of assault.
It cannot be that these assaults, of whatever
character, may be committed with entire impunity
to the assailants, unless the attack shall assume the
character of a legally defined crime, and then that
the assailants shall be amenable only in courts of
justice. Is it to these, and to these only, with all
the chances of error, partiality, prejudice, popular
heat, partisan passion, and unfaithfulness, inci-
dent to such tribunals—of which, unfortunately,
we have but too many examples—that the vin-
dication of this great popular right is intrusted ?
Is it indeed true, that the vindication of this
privilege is committed to the tender mercies of
piepoudre and county courts, or to the will and
caprice of individual members of Congress ? Is it
true that, when the attack is of the nature of a
breach of the peace, or other criminal offense, it
is to be left, if committed here, to be tried and
punished only as a breach of the peace, and not
at all as a breach of privilege, and that, too, by
the courts of this District, with those nice sus-
ceptibilities and perceptions by which they dis-
tinguish a mere vulgar assault and battery from
the more elegant and graceful infliction of personal
chastisement or "honorable resentment," and
graduate the punishment accordingly ? If it be
so, then are the two Houses utterly impotent to
assert or vindicate in any mode this high privilege
so essential to their own dignity, independence,
freedom of deliberation, and self-preservation, to
the integrity of our institutions, and to the full
and free enjoyment of popular liberty.
I pursue this point no further. I shall have
occasion to recur to it when I come to consider
the principles and precedents of parliamentary
law to which I referred as applicable to this case,
and to the general doctrine for which I contend,
and to speak more particularly of the power of the
House to punish tne outrage now under discus-
sion.
But it is insisted again, that the assault in this
case is not within the intendment, and, therefore,
not a violation, of the Constitution, whatever
may be the construction of the clause in ques-
tion on the point to which I have just referred,
because it does not extend immunity of any kind
to Senators or Representatives for any speech or
debate which shall be printed and published. In
other words, the proposition is, in effect, that
though itbe admitted that no Senator or Represent-
ative can constitutionally be called in question for
any speech or debate in any other place than the
Senate or iouse, as the case may be, yet that, if
it be printed and published, it loses its privileged
character; and that the speaker may, constitu-
tionally, or with impunity, so far as the powers
of the two Houses, or of either House, are con-
cerned, be proceeded against civilly or criminally
in courts of justice, or beaten, bruised, mutilated,
or murdered, for the matter so printed or publish ed,
at the pleasure of the party who may think him-
self aggrieved. And hence it is contended in-
ferentially that, inasmuch as the speech of Mr.
Sumner, which was the provocation for the assault
in this ease, was printed and published prior to
the assault, no violation of the constitutional pro-
vision in question can be predicated of that act;
and that, whatever jurisdiction might have been
rightfully exercised by the House to punish, if
the speech had not been previously printed and
published, it can have no such jurisdiction under
existing circumstances.
I cannot yield my assent to this proposition,
any more readily than to the first. They are
equally fatal to the privilege. , ,
It has been held, I am aware, in England,
where freedom of speech and debate is claimed
i, as of immemorial right, and in some degree for-
