1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
891
34th Cong,...!st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Pennington.
Ho. op Reps.
tified by acts of Parliament, that, although when
delivered in either House of Parliament, a speech
is privileged, and. the member cannot be ques-
tioned respecting it elsewhere; yet, thftt if he prints
and publishes it, or any other person prints and
publishes it, and it contains defamatory matter,
the member,or other person,as the case maybe,
is liable to an action and prosecution therefor, as
in a common case.of libel.
It should be remarked here, that the circum-
stance which, under the ruling in the English
cases, takes the speech out of the protection of
the privilege, is the fact of the printing and pub-
lication of the matter of the speech alleged to be
libelous—not in the fact of the speaking, or in
the speech itself; for, so long as it is not printed
and published, it is innocent, lawful, and consti-
tutional. It should be observed, too, that, under
the ruling in the English cases, the member
making the speech is not divested of his privilege
by the printing and publication, unless they
be his own act; that, so far as it regards him,
the privilege remains unimpaired, .and that the
liability for the printing and publication falls
only on the individual who prints and publishes.
And, indeed, if such printing and publication
were made without the license of the House in
which the speech was delivered, that House
might rightfully deal with the printer and pub-
lisher for a breach of privilege, by whomsoever
the printing and publication were made, whether
the member who made the speech or any other
person.
But the present case is different from that sug-
gested, both in its facts as they appear before the
House, and in the principles and reasoning appli-
cable to it.
I might content myself, for the purposes of this
case, by showing the difference of the facts in the
two cases, and that the English rule has no ap-
plicability to the case, because of that difference
without regard to any other.
It is not true, in this case, that Mr. Brooks
assaulted Mr. Scmnsr for printing and publish-
ing the offensive matter, or for that matter because
printed and published; nor does it appear that it
was printed and published by Mr. Sumner, or
by his procurement, or, if it were so, that Mr.
Brooks knew that such was the fact, or had seen
a copy so printed or published, when the assault
was committed. It was for the delivery of the
speech that he committed the assault. He made
no complaint of the printing or publication. If
we look into his own statements in evidence be-
fore the House, we shall find that such is clearly
the fact.
Mr. Edmdndson, in his examination, says:
" The first intimation I had that Mr. Brooks had taken
any offense at what Mr. Sumner said was, on going into the
Senate Chamber, on the second day ot' the speech, (Tues-
day,) when I heard a gentleman say that Mr. Brooks had
taken exceptions to remarks made by Mr. Sumner, the day
before, in relation to Judge Butler and the State of South
Carolina.
" I beard, on going into the Senate Chamber whilst Mr.
Summer was speaking, the second day, (Tuesday,) that he
(Brooks) had expressed some dissatisfaction with Mr.
Sumner's course the first day of his speech.
" The morning alter Mr. Sumner closed his speech,
(Wednesday^) I met Mr. Brooks. He then told me Mr.
Sumner had been very insulting to his State, and that he
had determined to punish him, unless he made an ample
apology. I met Mr. Brooks about ten minutes before the
time of the meeting ol the House, on Wednesday morning.
I remember to have heard Mr. Brooks say, it was time for
southern men to stop this coarse abuse used by Abolitionists
against the southern people and States; and that he should
not feel that he was representing his State properly, if he
permitted such things to be said, and be thought he ought
to punish lnm for it.
" Tlie next morning, (Thursday,) when coming to the
Capitol, about the time for the House to meet, I saw Mr.
Brooks. He said he was desirous of seeing Mr. Sumner ;
that he couldnot overlook the insult; that he had scarcely
slept any the night before, thinking of it; and that it ought
to be promptly resented.
" He repeated to ine the words Mr. Sumner had used in
relation toiiisState in our first conversation, (Wednesday.)
I think the language he repeated that Mr. Sumner had used
towards South Carolina was, ' disgracefully impotent dur-
ii.gthe Revolution, and rendered still more so on account
nt slavery.' I think the words repeated to me by Mr.
Brooks were not exactly those in his (reported) speech."
If anything were wanting to put this point ]
beyond question, we have i t in Mr. Bro ok s's state- i
ment to Senator Brown, made carefully and cau-
tiously, for the purpose of preventing any misap- |
prehension as to the transaction, or of his motives,
especially among his friends. On the day of the !
assault, shortly after it was committed, he said
to Senator Brown:
" The town, I suppose, will be full of rumors in a few
hours; and I desire my friends to understand what I have
done, and why I did it. Regarding the speech as an atro-
cious libel on South Carolina, and a gross insult to my
absent relative, I determined, when it was delivered, to
punish him for it."
Now, I have but one fact to add to these state-
ments of Mr. Brooks himself. The Globe, in
which the speech of Mr. Sumner first appeared
in printed form, was published on the Wednes-
day next after the conclusion of the speech, and,
as is well known to the members of tnis House,
that paper is not put to press till the forenoon of
the day it is issued, and comes to the hands of
the members after the meeting of the two Houses.
I have no comment to make on these facts;
but I ask whether, in the face of such evidence—
in the face of the repeated and deliberate declara-
tions of Mr. Brooks himself, is it not a mockery
of truth and candor to assert that the assault was
committed, not for the delivery, but for the print-
ing and publishing of the speech, and that the
act, having been committed as a punishment for
the printing and publishing, and not for the de-
livery, is not, for that reason, upon the principle
contended for, within the prohibition of the Con-
stitution; and "will any gentleman be bold enough
to say that the act of Mr. Brooks was designed
as a punishment for the printing and publishing,
or for the printed and published report of the
speech, as distinguished from the delivered
speech, or that but for the printing and publish-
ing the assault would not have been made ? No
one will assert it. The idea of placing his de-
fense on this ground is an after-thought; and I
must be permitted to say that it is a subterfuge
scarcely worthy even of the cause for which it is
invoked.
But I shall not stop on this pointwithout bring-
ing into view the clear distinction which seems
to me to exist between the present case and those
which have arisen and been adjudicated in the
English courts, grounded on the differences which
prevail between English and American principles
' and legislation touching the same question.
In England, the publication of debates has been,
from time immemorial, positively prohibited, and
regarded as a breach of a privilege of Parliament
unless made with its express license.
" As early as 1698 the House of Lords had this
rule:
" That it is a breach of the privilege of this House for
any person whatsoever to print, or publish in print, any-
thing relating to the proceeding* of the House, without the
leave of this House."
It was ordered by the House of Commons as
early as 1641,
" That no member shall either give a copy, or publish in
print, anything that he shall speak here, without leave of the
House."
In the following year it was resolved in the
House of Commons,
" That what person soever shall print, or sell any act or
passages of this House under the name of a diurnal or
olherwise, without the particular license of this House,
shall be reputed as a high contemner and breaker of the
privilege of Parliament, and so punished accordingly."
I might go on with almost innumerable cita-
tions frpm the journals of the two Houses of
Parliament, of rules made, from time to time,
down to a very recent period, in affirmance of the
same privilege, but these examples wiil suffice.
It will thns be seen that both Houses of Par-
liament, from a very early period, have regarded
the publication not only of the debates, but of
their current proceedings, as against public pol-
icy, and, pnless with express license, as a viola-
tion of the privileges of Parliament. j
Wholly the reverse of all this has ever been i
the practice here, and wholly the reverse of this
is the spirit of our institutions. Here the pub- !
lication of the debates and proceedings of the •
two Houses have ever been held as a matter of 1
common right, and as not only consistent with, ;
but demanded by, the highest considerations of !
public policy, unless expressly prohibited for pur- !
poses of State necessity; and this is effected by I
either House only by going into secret sessions,
from which all persons, except the members and
its sworn officers, are wholly excluded.
It is true, that in England the orders to which
I have referred have of late years become mea-
surably obsolete; but they remain unrepealed,
and still form a part of the theory of parliament-
ary law and privilege, and are now regarded by
the courts as in full force as such, except as
modified by act of Parliament. It is now only
for misrepresentations of the debates, that either
House proceeds to vindicate its privilege in this
respect, as asserted by any one of these orders.
The ground of complaint in these cases is, that the
debate is erroneously reported; but the motion for
the punishment of the offender now, as ever be-
fore, invariably assumes that the publication of
the debate at all is a breach of privilege, the
breiysh of privilege being waived, when the de-
bate, if not expressly forbidden, is faithfully
reported, and asserted only when the debate 13
reported mala fide.
I have said that this theory of the parliament-
ary law of England is recognized by the courts of
that country.
In the case of The King vs. Creevey, (1 M.
and S., 278,) the defendant was a member of the
House of Commons, and, as such, had made in
debate a serious personal charge, and afterwards
published his speech. Aa information for libel
was found upon this publication, and the jury
found the defendantguilty. Lord Ellenborough,
on an application in the King's Bench for a new
trial, in refusing the motion, used the following
language:
" How can this be considered as a proceeding of the
Commons House of Parliament ? A member of that House
has spoken what he thought material, and which he was at
liberty to speak in his character as a member of that House.
So far he is privileged. He has not stopped there ; but un-
authorized by the House, he has chosen to publish an ac-
count of that speech in what he has been pleased to call a
corrected form, and in that publication has thrown out re-
flections injurious to the character of an individual."
This case occurred as late as 1813; and May, in
his recent valuable treatise on parliamentary law,
remarks most forcibly and conclusively in regard
to it, "that this construction of the law cannot be
complained of by the Houses of Parliament , as
by their rules and orders the publication of a de-
bate is forbidden, and it is therefore impossible
to protect by privilege an irregular act, which is
itself a breach of privilege."
It is manifest from the language of Lord Ellen-
borough", that the ruling in Creevey's case was
rested wholly on the ground that the publication
was theoretically a breach of a privilege of the
House and of Parliament, and therefore could
not be protected as privileged matter, but was
liable to action as in a common case of libel. It
cannot be doubted, upon an examination of this
case, that if the Houses of Parliament should
expressly abolish their rules against the publica-
tion of their debates, as they have practicably
done by disuse, and with it the theory to which
I have referred, and authorize the publication by
an act of Parliament, as would be necessary for
that purpose, (the privilege being a privilege of
Parliament, and not simply a privilege of each
House, which either may modify or abolish at
its own will,) the courts would hold such publi-
cations privileged as fully, to all intents and
purposes, as the speeches themselves without
publication.
The power of Parliament thus to change the
law of privilege in this particular, and the neces-
sity of the exercise of the power to effect such a
purpose, is distinctly affirmed by Lord Denman,
in the celebrated libel case of Stockdale vs. Han-
sard, (1 Adol. and E., 153,1839.) Speaking of
the publication of a proceeding of the House of
Commons, under the authority of that House
alone, which was fnade the ground of action in
this case against the publishers, and of the power
of one House alone to authorize such pilblication,
he says:
" ft ean hardly be neee*sary for me to guard myself
against being sup[K>sed to discuss the expediency of keeping
the law in its present state, or introducing any or what
alterations. It is no doubt susceptible of improvement, but
the improvement must be by legislative act. If we held
that any improvement, however desirable, could be effected
underthe name of privilege, we should be confounding truth,
and departing from duty."
It is to be observed, in regard to the proceed-
ings of each House of Parliament, that they are
protected by the same privilege that protects de-
bates not published.
