1956.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
893
34th Cojtg....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Pennington.
Ho. of Reps.
its pririleg* by arresting and imprisoning the
plaintiff, the sheriff who executed his process,
and the attorney who brought his suit; and the
latter persisting* in its jurisdiction. To end the
rexation, an act was passed in affirmance and
rteciion of the privilege, (3 and 4 Vic., chapter
1840,) declaring that proceedings, civil and
criminal, against any person, shall be imined 1-
Rti 'y stayed, if for the publication of papers
printed by order of either House of Parliament,
upon the production of a certificate, verified by
affidavit, to the effect that such publication is by
orderof either House of Parliament; or if for the
publication of a co^y of a parliamentary paper,
then upon the verification of the correctness of
such copy; or if for the publication of any extract
or abstract from any parliamentary paper, then
upon its being made to appear that tt was pub-
lished bona Jitlt and without malice.
The case before us is clear of all these questions
and embarrassments; and I cannot but think I
have said enough to show that the rule contended
for has no application in this discussion, or in-
deed in this country. 1 have spent more time on
this point than its intrinsic importance in its re-
lation to this case demanded; out I felt unwilling
to allow a doctrine so fraught -.villi mischief, anu
so directly repugnant to the Constitution and sub-
versive of the freedom of speech, to pass without
an attempt to expose its fallacy, ana to place the
question upon its proper and rightful grounds.
1 will only add, on this point, a brief reference
to some authorities.
It is laid down by a standard writer, (Starkie
on Slander, 195,) that, in general, impartial and
correct accounts of the proceedings of Parliament,
or a court of justice, do not, in legal contempla-
tion, amount to a wrong so as to render the party
publishing them either civilly or criminally re-
sponsible.
In the case of The King «. Williams, (2 Show
Reports, 471,) an information had been found
against the defendant for publishing " Danger-
field's Narrative." He pleaded that he was at
the time Speaker of the House of Commons, and
had a right as such to publish the votes and acts
of the House, and that the narrative was pub-
lished as a part of the proceedings; but the court
gave judgment for the King. i
In the case of The King rs. Wright, to which
I have referred, Lord Kenyon repudiated this
case as having " happened in the worst of times,"
and Mr. Justice Grose said that it had been
" declared by a great authority to be a disgrace
to the country."
In the case of Currie m. Walker, (1 B. and
Pul., 533,) for lib«l in publishing a speech made
by counsel in the Common Pleas, Lord Chief
Justicc Eyre (in ruling that this was not a libel)
said:
" Though the publication of soeb proceedings may be to
the disadvantage of the particular individual concerned, yet
it is of the utmost importance to the public that the proceed-
ings of courts of justice shall be universally known. The
great advantage to the country in having these proceedings
made public niorr than counterbalances the inconveniences
to the private person whose conduct may be the subject
of sacb proceedings. The same reasons also apply to the
proceedings in Parliament; it is of advantage to the public,
and even to the Legislature besides, that true accounts of
their proceedings should be generally circulated; and they
would be deprived of that advantage, if bo person could
puUish tbeir proceedings without being punished as a
Ubelei."
Upon such reasoning and authorities as these,
and upon the policy affirmed by the act (3 and 4
Vic.) to which I have alluded, 1 am willing to
rest this question.
But it is said, again, that the act of Mr. Brooks
is not within the intendment, and therefore not
a violation of, the Constitution, because the speech
of Mr. Sumner, which provoked it, was defama-
tory of the State of South Carolina, and of her
Senator, [Mr. Butler,] and outside of a due par-
liamentary course of action, and beyond the
bounds and limits of his place and duty."
To this instalment I have a short answer. The
speech was made by the Senator in his place in
the Senate, in a debate then in progress upon a
great and exciting public question. If his lan-
guage in that debate were ever so defamatory—
ever so obnoxious to the law of defamation as an
ordinary case of slander or libel—it was not sub- i
ject to the operation of that law. It will not be i
1 i asserted, I presume, that an action for defamation
could have been maintained upon it if it had ex-
ceeded all the bounds of decency and morality,
though it had come from the Senator reeking
with contumely and detraction. The minority
have not had the courage to assert it. They have
contented themselves with savins; that " it is far
firom being well settled that this immunity from
responsibility goes to the extent claimed for it by
those with whom we differ in this matter." But,
sir, it is well settled, and I venture to say that
no judicial authority can be produced against it.
I find it laid down by Starkie (Starkie on Slander,
p. 182) that—
" No member of either House (of Parliament) is in Rny
shape responsible in a court of justice for anything saui in
the llou^e, however offensive" tlie mutter may tic to the
feelings or detrimental to the interests of any individual;
i lor policy requires that those who are by the Constitution
appointed to provide for the safety and welfare of the pub-
lic, should, in the execution of their high functions, be
wholly uninfluenced by private considerations."
Here we have not only the assertion of the
principle or privilege, but the reason in part upon
which it rests.
It has been held in this country, in the case of
Coffin rs. Coffin (4 Mass., Rep. 1) that this rule
holds good, though the words be maliciously
spoken, and that it extends even to protect a
member when sitting on a committee in a lobby,
or in convention of the Houses out of the Repre-
sentatives' chamber.
If such be the construction of the privilege as
to responsibility in courts of justice, is any other
construction to be given of it to favor " the law
of the cudgel?" If a man may not sue for per-
sonal damages, if he may not invoke the inter-
position of the regularly-constituted legal tribu-
nals for redress by punishment, or information,
or indictment—if, as the law declares, Senators
and Representatives, for any speech or debate,
shall not be liable to those consequences, for the
; reason assigned, by what authority and upon
what reasoning may it be asserted that the person
aggrieved may take the law into his own nands,
and by personal violence redress his affront,
without a violation of the Constitution? Sir, I
; have no patience to talk of such absurdities.
| But, it is asked, is the injured party to be with-
; out redress? Is he to have no remedy? Is he to
be subject to wanton and malicious detraction,
without either the means of prevention or punish-
ment? I answer emphatically, No! But if it
were so, that the Constitution provides no remedy
or redress, or means of prevention or punishment,
it would not justify the claim for the law of the
bowie-knife and bludgeon. W ould it be contended,
if the Constitution made no such provision, that
j therefore it did not intend to interdict personal
I violence, or,in other words, that personal violence
I might constitutionally, by implication, be resorted
to for mere retaliation and revenge, giving no
satisfaction, except to the brutal propensities of
our nature ? My answer is, that the Constitution
has provided for all this in the only mode thought
necessary'by its founders. Here is the grant of
the power, clear and ample:
" Each House may determine the rules of its proceedings,
punish its members for disorderly behavior, and, with the
consent of two thirds, expel a member."
The House, where the words uttered, is the
place for the protection and vindication of the rights
of the assailed. It is not in that place that the Con-
stitution denies the right to call a Senator or Rep-
resentative in question.' He is not to be called in
" question in any other place. By necessary impli-
f cation he may be called in question in that place
which is not excluded. How is this power to be
efficiently exerted ? I answer, through the plenary
power of the House to determine the rules of
its proceedings, and to punish its members for
disorderly behavior, and to expel them. These
powers may and ought to be exercised in a rea-
sonable, just, and proper manner, to prevent
abuse, and to protect, not only members them-
selves, but every other person entitled to the pro-
tection of the Government, against malicious
defamation. This is all the protection the Con-
stitution was intended, to afford and the only mode
of redress contemplated in its adoption by the !
people, from whose sovereignty it has proceeded.
In this view of the matter, I have not thought
it important to enter into an examination of th«
speech by which Mr. Brooks alleges himself to
have been aggrieved. The point which 1 am now
considering cannot be affected by the character
of the speech. It was in this view that, as a mem-
ber of the committee, I was indisposed to make
any inquiry into the character of the speech; and
I have as yet seen no ground to change the opin-
ion I then entertained.
I have now answered all the objections, Worthy
of notice, opposed to the proposition, that the act
of Mr. Brooks was a violation of the Constitu-
tion, and trust that in doing so I have success-
fully maintained that proposition.
I propose now to discuss the question, whether
this House has the power to punish the act?
I freely concede that, if the House possesses
this power, it derives it expressly or by implica-
tion from the Constitution, and from no other
source. The Government of the United States
is a government of delegated powers, and pos-
sesses no other powers than those expressly, or
by implication, delegated to it. It must be con-
ceded, too, that the power contended for is not
derived through, nor is it to be exercised in pur-
suance of, any act-of Congress, or any standing
rule of the House, and must be exercised in this
case, if at all, as a power inherent in the House
under the Constitution, independently, and with-
out the aid, or force, of any such act or standing
rule. There is no such actor rule; and the power
must stand or fall as it shall be found to be main-
tainable or not upon the grants and general prin-
ciples of the Constitution.
The only express provisions of the Constitu-
tion in regard to the privileges of the two Houses,
and of Senators and Representatives, that can
have any immediate bearing upon this question
of power, are the following:
" Each House may determine the rules of its own pro-
ceedings, punish its members for disorderly behavior, and,
with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a member."
'■They [Senatorsand Representatives] shall in all cases,
except treason, felony, and breach of the peace, he privi-
leged from arrest during their attendance at the sessions of
their respective Houses, and in going to, and returning from,
the same; and for any speech or debate in either House
they shall not be questioned in any other place."
After reciting the various express powers
granted to Congress, the Constitution proceeds
to declare that it shall have power—
" To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper
to carry into execution the foregoing powers, and all other
powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of
the United States, or in any department or officer thereof."
I call the attention of the House in this con-
nection to the positions taken in the report of the
committee of the Senate, and the action adopted
thereon by that body, and to the positions as-
sumed by the committee of the House in reference
to this case.
The Senate committee, after reciting the mate-
rial facts of the transaction, declare the following
conclusions: 1. That the assault was a breach of
the privileges of the Senate. 2. That it is not
within the jurisdiction of the Senate to punish it,
the Senate having no power for a breach of its
privileges by a member of the House, to arrest
such member, and, a fortiori, no power to try
and punish him. 3. That the power to punish
such offenderin such a case devolves solely on the
House of which he is a member; and, 4. That
the Senate cannot proceed further in the case than
to make complaint to the House of Represent-
atives of the assault, as a breach of its privileges.
This report was accepted by the Senate; and a
copy of it, with the affidavit accompanying it,
was transmitted by its order to this House as
their complaint, with entire unanimity.
In these conclusions the committee of this
House fully concurred, and they further declare
the following conclusions: 1. That the assault
was not only a breach of the privileges of the
Senate, and of the Senator assailed, but also
a breach of the privileges of this House, as a
coordinate brancn of the legislative department
of the Government, in direct violation of the
Constitution; and, 2. That this House has the
power, and ought to punish the offender for the
assault, not only as such breach of privilege, but
as an act of disorderly behavior.
I notice, in the first place, the position that the
Senate has no power to punish this assault; for if
this be true, there is no power to punish it, other-
wise than ms a mera breach of ths public peace,
