1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Pennington.
Ho. of Reps.
ber of either House, committed either within or
without the House, at least during the session of
Congress, clearly violative of good order as con-
nected directly with the transaction of the public
business in the department of the Government
to which he belongs, or with any privilege of a
member of either House, which by relation is
held to be in fact a privilege of the House to which ,
such member belongs, and of both Houses as co-
ordinate branches, and constituting together the
legislative department of the Government, is an
act of disorderly behavior in the sense of the
Constitution. 1 might doubtless properly apply
the constitutional provision to many other cases;
but if 1 am right in applying it to the general class .
to which I have referred, it reaches far enough
for my purpose in this case. ;
Now, sir, am I right in this application of the
term " disorderly behavior? "and if not, why not? ;
It is not necessary that the act should be a breach j
of an antecedent definite rule of the House; for
if that be so, it would be impossible to reach a 1
vast number of cases incapable of definition. As
in the cases of nuisances, libels, and contempts, it
must be left without precise definition. What
was the purpose of granting this power? Was
it simply to restrain members from acts of un-
seemly grossness, noisy disorder, or unparlia-
mentary language, in the immediate presence of
the House during its actual sitting, or breaches
of the standing rules of the House ? Such has
not been the understanding of it; and such an
interpretation would be greatly to limit, and
seriously to impair, the salutary influence it is
so well calculated to exert. The power ought to
reach, and I contend it does reach, every act that
may properly be regarded as a contempt of either
House; or, in other words, as a breach of any
privilege of either House, as a part of the legisla-
tive department; and it cannot be made to effect
fully the great purposes for which it was de-
signed, unless it may be so extended as to restrain
-and direct the behavior of every member, at least
during the sessions of Congress, within such limits
of decency and decorum as are essential to the
proper, free, and uninterrupted conduct of the
public business of the legislative department.
Such is the spirit of this provision of the Consti-
tution to this extent.
But the power reaches not only to protect each
House from contempts and breaches of its privi-
leges by its members, but, as I have said, to
restrain members of Congress from such acts as
are clearly violative in any way of good order, as
connected directly with the transaction of the
public business in the department of the Govern-
ment to which they belong. If a member of this
House should assault the President for refusing
to sign a bill passed by both Houses, or should
attempt by duress to compel, or by a bribe to
induce him to sign such a bill, could it be said of
such an act that it was not an act of disorderly
behavior in the sense of the Constitution, and
that it could not be punished as such ? It seems ,
to me, that such a proposition can scarcely be j
contended for with seriousness, and that neither [
House would hesitate for a moment to regard ,
such conduct as an act of disorderly behavior, ]
and punish it accordingly. How inadequate j
would be the power under any other view, than [
that I take of it, for the great and salutary ends
it was designed, and may be made, to subserve!
If we look to the lexicographers for a definition of
the term "disorderly," we shall find that it bears
much more than the extended signification 1
have given to it. Irregular, without proper order
or disposition, tumultuous, lawless, contrary to
law, violative of law and good order, unruly,
breaking loose from restraint, contrary to rules
or established institutions;—these are some of the '
definitions of the term "disorderly." Now,sir, ,
if we look to the purpose of this constitutional
provision, and give it a liberal construction, as !
we ought to do, to effect most fully this purpose, j
with these definitions before us, we shall have no j
difficulty m making the application of it to this j
case. j
Will it be said that the House has power to J
punish a member for walking out of the House,
or across the floor while the Speaker is putting a
question, for holding private conversation while
a member ia speaking, for absenting himself from
the House without leave, for disorderly or insult- ;
ing words in the House, or for any other irreg-
ularity, however trifling, prohibited by the rules;
and yet that it has no power to punish a member
for an insult offered to another member out of
the House for words spoken in debate, or any
other act in his legislative capacity, or a chal-
lenge to a duel, or an assault and battery, how-
ever atrocious, even to the extent of preventing
the member assailed from attendance upon his
public duties, as an act of disorderly conduct, be-
cause not directly defined or prohibited by law,
or a rule of the House, or not done in the House,
though such act be infinitely more aggravated
and hostile to the good order of the House, and
to the full, free, and uninterrupted transaction of
the public business ? Has the House power to
punish one of its members for personalities to-
wards another member, or for impeaching his
motives in debate as prohibited by the rules; and
has it no power to punish a member for taking
the life of another member for words spoken in
debate, because not prohibited by the rules, or
I not done in the House ?
! It is to be noticed here, that if there be no power
in the two Houses to punish such breaches of
privilege, or acts of disorderly conduct, as I have
referred to, no such power exists anywhere; that
they can only be punished as breaches of the
peace by other tribunals, wholly independent of
the two Houses, and then only when they may
be brough t within the definition of a public crime;
and that for the violation of the Constitution and
the breach of privilege in every such case the
offepder goes unwhipt of justice. Is the guilty
member, in every such case, to be left solely to
the legal tribunals for punishment, and to be
reached only when his act shall constitute an
offense in the eye of the criminal law; and has
this House no power to punish him, or to purge
itself of his presence by expulsion ? Is a safe-
guard of the liberties of the people less to be
regarded than rules of proceeding established by
the House for purposes of mere convenience?
Are not such acts, in the language of the lexi-
cographers, irregular ? Are they not without pro-
per order, or disposition, tumultuous, unlawful,
contrary to law and good order, unruly, breaking
loose from restraint, contrary to rules and estab-
lished institutions, and that, too, in the very re-
lations contemplated by the Constitution, and
essential to the proper exercise of all the import-
ant political powers vested in the legislative de-
partments of the Government? And how else
than by the exercise of the power for which I con-
tend are they ever to be vindicated ?
There are those, perhaps, who, while they
concede that this power to punish disorderly
behavior may be exercised by either House in
punishment of an act of violence committed by
one of its members upon another, will deny that
the power can be rightfully exercised in a case
like the present. But I can see no such difference
in the cases as at all affects either the right or
propriety of exercising the power in the present
case. The power can be exercised in this case,
as I have shown, only by this House. The
Senate is powerless; the offender is beyond their
reach, because beyond their jurisdiction. He is
protected against them by a privilege as clearly
defined as that which he has violated; but he has
no such protection here. The power of this
House to punish for disorderly behavior reaches
him as a member of this body; and here ought to
be meted out to him that signal measure of pun-
ishment which the atrocious outrage of which he
is guilty so eminently demands. It was not simply
a breach of privilege, and an act of disorderly
conduct, affecting the right of the individual Sen-
ator. If, indeed, such were the fact, the power
of this House to punish would be ample. Nor is
it the case of a breach of privilege, or an act of
disorderly conduct, affecting the rights of the
Senate only. If it were so, the punitive arm of
this House is long enough to reach it. But it is
the case of both of these, and more. It is a case
of a breach of privilege affecting the rights of this
House, and of Congress in its aggregate charac-
ter, and strikes at the essential foundation on
which the whole superstructure of our Govern-
ment so happily rests—the freedom of speech and i
debate. !
The privilege of a Senator is the privilege of
the Senate. The privilege of a Representative is
a privilege of the House, and each is the privi-
lege of both bodies, as coordinate branches, and
constituting together the Congress of the United
States. Neither a Senator nor a Representative
can waive it; for, as I have said before, it is not
merely a personal privilege of the Senator or Rep-
resentative, but a great popular right guarantied
by the Constitution—the fundamental law of the
land—and fortified by the power to vindicate it
! which that Constitution has reposed, and theex-
I ercise of which it has enjoined, upon both Houses
] of Congress, in all cases coming within their re-
! spective jurisdictions. It is a principle of the
common law, that there is no wrong without a
remedy, and it is no less a principle of parlia-
mentary law, that there is no privilege without
its necessary complement—the power to assert
and vindicate it. In this case the offender has
brought the two Houses into unpleasant corre-
! spondence. His act was of a character such as,
> under supposable circumstances, might bring the
• two Houses into serious conflict, even to the ex-
tent of an utter suspension of the public business
by wholly interrupting the correspondence and
intercourse between them. There are supposable
cases in which such a suspension would be a pos-
itive public necessity and duty.
Will it be said that members of this House may
make their way to the Senate Chamber, or lay in
wait at the approaches to the Capitol, and there
insult, assault, and beat Senators for words spoken
in debate, as often as they will, disabling first one
Senator and then another, till there shall be no
quorum for the transaction of the public business,
and that the Senate shall appeal in vain for pro-
tection to this House, because there is no power
to punish—that such conduct is not disorderly
behavior, and that there is no tribunal, except
courts of justice, which can take cognizance of it,
and they only as an offense against the ordinary
criminal law ? Is a question of peace or war, in-
volving the expenditure of untold millions of the
public treasure, the blood and lives of thousands
of our people—nay, sir, the very existence of the
nation as an independent power, to be at the mercy
of an unworthy member, who may strike down
the only Senator or Representative by whose vote
such a calamity may be averted ? I reason upon
no impossible case. It is easy to imagine such a
case under the operation of the rules of this House
which may not be dispensed with, except by a
vote of two-thirds of the body. Then, indeed, is
the power of the House to punish disorderly be-
havior a sham and a mockery.
We read in the historv of the Romans that, on
one occasion, when their ransom was being
weighed out to their besiegers, false weights were
brought by the Gauls, and objection being made
by the tribune, their chieftain, Brennus, threw his
sword into the scale in addition to the weights,
, with the exclamation, so intolerable to the Ro-
; mans, " fee rictus esse!"—woe to the vanquished!
, If the doctrine asserted by the friends of the
I assailant in this case be sanctioned, the " cudgel
of Brooks" will have become equally classical
with the " sword of Brennus."
My reasoning applies not only to the power of
either House to punish acts of its members af-
fecting directly itself, or another of its members,
but to acts affecting the other House, and any of
its members; for I have shown that neither House,
nor any of its members, has a right to interfere
in any matter depending in the coordinate branch,
so as to preclude or influence the freedom of at-
tendance, speech, debate, or action, which is
essential to their mutual independence. Any act
of a member which viAtes this principle is a
breach qf privilege, andjQp such, is an act of dis-
orderly behavior, which the House may and
ought to punish.
In what I have already said, it may have been
observed that I have treated disorderly behavior
and breach of privilege as convertible terms, and
so I regard them; and I might,properly, use the
term "contempts"in the same sense. Breaches of
privilege are treated as contempts and acts of dis-
orderly behavior, and are so called in works on
parliamentary law, and in many precedents; and
I cannot doubt that the framers of the Consti-
tution intended th« clause in which power is
