898
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 23,
34th Cong....1st Sess. The Privateer System—Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts.
Ho. of Reps.
aioned '>y the United States Government, shall
receive the benefits of the act ot 18.55; and I have
reason 10 hope that the few privateersmen who
may be still living will be placed upon an equal
footing with all other regular and volunteer de-
fenders of the flasr- This Is not asking too much,
and especially since no good reason exists for
makinc an exception in the case of men employed
in the prirateer service. At least no reason has
been suggested to me by any gentleman with
whom I have conversed on' the subject, that is at
all satisfactory or conclusive to my mind.
Different opinions exist in the minds of gentle-
men in reference to the privateer service, I know,
mainly consequent upon a misapprehension of
the facts bearing on the subject; such as, for
instance, that the privateersmen entered into the
service upon their own individual responsibility,
and were profitably employed during the war;
that, although the Government allowed them to
proceed in the business of making prizes of the
enemy's property unmolested, still they were a
band of legalized freebooters, and unworthy of
our protection; that the Government,having no
direct authority over them, and getting no part of
the profits of private enterprise, cannot be called
upon to consider their claims upon any prin-
ciple of justice. And still another reason some-
times suggested is, that privateering is wrong in
principle, and deserves to be condemned rather
than encouraged by a civilized people; this last
consideration being better suited to the days when
swords are turned into plowshares and spears
into pruning-hooks, and the devil is chained for
a thousand "years, but cannot be urged with any
force at this epoch in the world's career. I shall
endeavor to snow that these considerations are
one and all false in theory and in fact.
Sir, I regard the exception made in the case of
the privateersmen as unfortunate, to say the least.
Unfortunate, inasmuch as it is regarded by these
old sailors as a slight, as unjust and ungrateful
on the part of the Government, whose honor
they defended, and for the protection of whose
interests they periled their own. Unfortunate,
because Congress leaving them alone uncared for,
has, by the pointedness of the exception, left a
stigma upon them as a class, and virtually repu-
diated the only legitimate marine defense that
can to any very considerable extent be recognized
by a republican Government. Unfortunate, be-
cause we are unjust in imputing to them base and
selfish or unworthy motives in entering injp the
privateer service at a period in the history of the
Government demanding of ourpeople agenerous,
patriotic devotedness to the interests of the coun-
try, and to the honor and dignity of the flag; a
period when our national marine was weak, and
-our enemy strong; our commerce extended over
the world, and subjected to the violence of
British officials, who deprived ships of their
crews, and American seamen of their most sacred
rights, compelling them to fight their own coun-
trymen, or to come under the lash of their op-
pressors.
As to what may have been the leading motives
of men owning privateers I have no occasion
now to speak; but I can very easily perceive that,
under'all the oircumstances that moved them, the
seamen in embarking on board privateers wanted
no golden incentive—nothing higher than the
cause of their country and the preservation of the
rights of American sailors everywhere. With
a commerce amounting in registered and enrolled
tonnage to upwards of five millions of tons, and
adding to this during the year ending in June
last, six hundred thousand tons of new vessels
of all classes, employing on board this immense
fleet upwards of one hundred and forty-three
thousand seamen—importing onboard American
vessels merchandise valued at upwards of two
hundred millions of dollars, without taking into
account sixty millions imported in foreign bot-
toms—with a yearly export trade of goods of
American growth and manufacture amounting to
about two hundred and fifty millions of dollars,
and with an immense coastwise trade along the
Atlantic line of ports, and between these and ports
on the Pacific, employing hundreds of ships of
the largest and most valuable class; and for the
protection of all these interests having a naval
establishment scarcely equal to that kept up by
the most unimportant maritime Power, we are in
a most unfavorable position to exhibit our utter
disregard for the claims of the private armed ser-
vice. For, sir, let us view this matter in any
light we please, we cannot escape the fact, that
we do rely, and must hereafter rely, upon it as
the main prop of our national defense; the legiti-
mate aid and support of our Navy; and a mode
of assault and defense which, when guarded by
proper restrictions, is deserving of the most care-
ful and complete protection and support of the
General Government.
Mr. Chairman, I am stating no new fact when
I say, that there is in this country a public sen-
timent wholly adverse to keeping up extensive
naval and military establishments. It is very
properly and very generally conceded that the
volunteer military system of the States affords
ample means for military instruction and disci-
pline. Our young men get a knowledge of the
use of arms, and considerable idea of field duty,
and of all that appertains to an effective and
ample defense of the country from invasion;
and with little or no demonstration of popular
consideration and esteem, we rely quite as im-
plicitly upon our fishermen and sailors to man
our ships of war, and to fight our battles on the
ocean.
We say, with the history of the achievements
of our volunteers in Mexico before us, that we
do not need fc large standing army, for our
young men are skilled in military tactics. But
while we repose in confidence on this efficient
support and defense, we overlook the fact, that a
war between this country and any considerable
naval Power would, in all probability, and al-
most from the necessity of the case, be a naval
war, and in this view it would seem important
to keep in sight some mode of enlisting the sym-
pathy and cooperation of men whose services,
in that event, would certainly be required by the
Government. I submit that this country could
not be sustained by popular sentiment, in case of
war, for any length of time, if we are to rely
upon the present condition of our naval defense,
or upon any probable haste in the augmentation
of our naval force, and for the reason that the
immense losses which would accrue from the
capture and confiscation of our commercial ma-
rine, would paralyze every branch of our mer-
cantile and industrial interest.
There is a very general feeling of opposition to
any great increase of our naval force. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] almost inva-
riably objects to any measure having an increase
of the Army or Navy as its basis. Perhaps he
will object to the ten-sloop bill, although I hope
not; for 1 assure him, and every other gentleman,
that at this very moment we need vessels of the
class proposed in that bill to protect our commerce
in the China seas. The Naval Register gives us
the number of Government ships that are now,
or may in a short time be, ready for war pur-
poses. The report will, I think, convince every
gentleman that we are in a poor condition to rely
on the actual naval force of the country to pro-
tect, in case of war, the five million tons of ship-
ping constantly navigating distant waters, with-
out taking into account an immense coast on both
sides of the continent, with our rivers and har-
bors, in many cases, destitute of any means of
defense whatever, and our towns and cities on
the sea-board open to sure and speedy destruc-
tion from the guns of an enemy's ships.
Although the district which I have the honor
to represent is bordering on Massachusetts bay,
from Newburyport around Cape Ann to the en-
trance of Boston harbor, a distance of nearly one
hundred miles, there is only to be seen here and
there the remains of an old fort, long since dis-
mantled, and given up to the moles and bats; and,
so far as my knowledge extends, there is not in
the district to-day a single cannon belonging to the
General Government, and, with the exception of
six pieces of small calibre in the hands of military
companies, not one belonging to the State; and
yet within the scope of this line of coast there are
four of the largest and among the best and most
convenient deep water harbors to be found along
the whole Atlantic border, and many more less
spacious and important. And it is about the
s^me everywhere along our.whole coast, from
Maine to California, excepting only the entrance
to the harbors of a few of our largest cities.
Now, sir, there are some signs of war at pres-
ent—not alarming, perhaps, but still of sufficient
importance to be alluded to in the debates in the
British Parliament; and I want to know what
kind of front we could present for at least one
year, and how much we should probably lose in
case war with England should result from the
difficulties at this moment pending, and which
have for months past rendered the possibility of
such an event more and more apparent? With-
out the aid of private armed ships we could do
nothing, or, what is just about equal to nothing,
against the British Navy and the commerce of
that country, while our own weakness would be
magnified by the vast peril in which American
commerce would be placed. The British Navy
now consists of two hundred and twenty-three
sailing ships afloat, and four more building; two
hundred and one steamships of the largest class
afloat, and forty more building; one hundred and
thirty-four steam gun boats, and six more build-
ing—in all amounting to six hundred and forty-
two thousand and fifty-three tons, and mounting
fifteen thousand five hundred and fifty guns;
while we, at this time, are repudiating, or at least
refusing to recognize, our private armed service,
and talking smartly to our old enemy, relying on
a force now afloat of five ships of the line, nine
frigates, eighteen sloops, two brigs, seven steam
frigates, and eleven steamers of smaller size—in
all eighty-three thousand three hundrofhand sixty-
nine tons, and mounting one thousand five hun-
dred and ninety-two guns—a difference of five
hundred and fifty-eight thousand six hundred and
eighty-four in registered tonnage, and in guns a
difference of thirteen thousand nine hundred and
fifty-eight in favor of the British Navy. I want
to say, in this connection, that I have not taken
into account ships on the stocks in my estimate
of tonnage or metal, in reference to the naval
force of either country. In addition to the im-
mense naval equipage of the British Government,
they have always encouraged the fisheries, ap-
proved and aided private enterprise in case of
war, and in all respects proved to us that they
regard their commerce as the especial object of
national care and protection. So long, then, as
we are ready with all the power of Government
to protect the honor of the flag, and all the inter-
ests which repose in confidence of the amplitude
of that protection, we are bound to see to it that
no weak sentimentalisms creep in to undermine
the safety which our ability to repel aggression
affords us.
It will, perhaps, be suggested, that in the treaty
signed in Paris on the 30th of March last, the
allied Powers resolved to discontinue privateer-
ing. Was it a bait for us, or was it an act
intended to appeal strongly to our magnanimity,
and our regard for national honor and high civil-
ization ? , If it was because the nations of Europe
are becoming enlightened, why did they not go
further, and agree that all property belonging to
private individuals should, in case of war, be
exempt from capture by private or public armed
ships ? The United States Government has always
been ready to take a stand upon this broad ground.
If such a rule of international law can be firmly
established, war will be stripped of much of its
terror. Mr. Rush, our Minister, during his nego-
tiations with the British Plenipotentiaries, Mr.
Huskisson and Stratford Canning, urged the adop-
tion of this policy; but these gentlemen declined,
on the ground that the proposition was altogether
new, and violative of the principles of maritime
law hitherto sanctioned by all nations. But, of
course, England, France, Russia, and in fact all
Europe, are ready to take their position against
privateering, and perhaps would like very well
to have the United States Government adopt their
policy, and incur, as the penalty, the necessity
for a large Navy, an expensive coast defense,
and, of consequence, a great national debt, and
subsequent revolution, and final dismemberment
of the Republic.
Neither a large Army nor Navy is consistent
with our republican system. We rely entirely
upon the people, in their capacity of citizens, to
meet any emergency that may arise in our gov-
ernmental affairs. Your President in four yeara
