1856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
899
34th Cong....1st bEss.
The Privateer System—Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts.
Ho. of Reps.
is shorn of his political honors, and retires to
his station of private citizenship. Your con-
gressmen cease to have power as soon as tho
people decree that they are unworthy or unsafe.
Your Army and Navy, with the judiciary, are
the only classes who hold anything like perma-
nent power and authority in this country; and it
would be neither sound policy, nor in any manner
consistent with our institutions, to concentrate
greater power than already reposes in the hands
of either the judiciary or the Army and Navy.
Our policy is to purchase peace at any reasonable
cost; and, above all things, to continue to rely
upon a volunteer system of defense in case war
is forced upon us. We cannot do otherwise with
safety.
Sir, I tun not prepared to say that I believe that
the discontinuance of privateering in any event
would be productive of any real good to the people
of this country. War, at best, is such a calam-
ity, that it is hardly pardonable to look beyond
averting it altogether; and if that is impossible
we shall be justified, and following in the line of
duty, if we employ the means which will give
the greatest promise of a speedy restoration of
peace.
Mr. Jefferson, in an article upon privateering,
bearing the date of July 4, 1817, thus asks and
answers questions:
'■ What is war ? It is simply a contest between nations,
of trying to see which can do the other tho most harm.
Who carries on the war ? Armies are formed and navies
manned by individuals. How is battle gained ? By tile
death of individuals. What produces peace ? The wishes
of individuals. What difference to the sutTercr is it that
property is taken by national or private armed ships ?"
And in the same article he says:
" In the United States, every possible encouragement
should be given to privateering in time ot" war with a com-
mercial nation."
But I will not quote from the article at length.
Now, sir, suppose that we should resolve to
abolish privateering. England, with an immense
navy always in readiness for service, would in
such case no longer pause to consider the great
commercial disadvantage that would accrue to
her people in the event of a war with the United
States, because that disadvantage would no longer
appear, but the reverse. She would hardly submit
to a summary mode of dismissing her Minister,
even while disputed questions were being dis-
cussed. The vast moneyed interest, which is now
the great conservator of peace and good fellow-
ship between the masses on both sides of the
Atlantic, would be powerless and forgotten in
view of the easy and profitable opportunity to
force us to the borders of distress, and individual
and national bankruptcy, or to a ready and in-
glorious submissioHto such demands as might be
made upon us.
It is our splendid array of citizen soldiery that
enables us to avoid war, with all its devastating
influences—our militia system on the land and on
the sea that gives us protection, and sustains us
in position before the world. It is this system that
helps us to rise above the baserpassions, and, from
an enlightened stand-point, view the demoraliz-
ing aspects of war, and see clearly that a conflict
of arms between this country and England is an
event neither giving promise of gain to one party
or the other, but one as unnatural and as unprofit-
able as a family quarrel—a breach of nature, and
-a crime against the kindred blood which flows
through the hearts of the people of both coun-
tries. Still, if we would be safe—if we would
be able to conquer a peace when passion gets the
better of judgment—when low ambition, wield-
ing power, in whatever hands it may repose,
plunges us* beyond the point where peace and
concord reign—to be safe in such an event we
must preserve intact our strong arm of defense.
If we should resolve to do away with privateer-
ing, we should virtually resolve to place ourselves
in a most defenseless and enfeebled condition;
we should invite our enemies to a rich field of
man-of-war enterprise, and most unwisely over-
look the great commercial interests of our own
country, or involve the immediate necessity of a
great naval establishment and costly coast de-
fenses—neither consideration being just or Worthy
of our great republican destiny; neither com-
porting with the great ideas which should guide
us in our onward march towards national honor i
and greatness—towards the highest civilization
and the universal rights of man throughout God's
heritage.
I should be very glad if I could properly, and
without consuming too much of the time of the
House, present to yo_u some views which have
been suggested to my mind as to the means of
keeping alive an effective system of naval defense,
without the expense attendant upon a regularly
established naval force, kept in commission in
time of peace. Such a system would be most
desirable and important, costing the Government
nothing when not in active service, but still effect-
ive in case of war. The naval force of the coun-
try at present in commission may be, with some
[ comparatively trifling additions, sufficient for the
protection of our commerce as long as we are at
peace. As I have already remarked, we need
I some additional force to protect our commerce
! from acts of piracy in the China seas, and from
outrages elsewhere perhaps, but in the main we
are provided for well enough for peace purposes;
but in case of*war, not as well, in many respects,
; as we were in 1812.
What we need,.it may be, is an organized naval
militia system — a regular enrollment of ships,
J with officers commissioned, armaments in con-
j stant readiness, rules and regulations established
1 by law, and everything pertaining to a complete
system of naval warfare carefully provided and
fully protected by the General Government. It
may he a work requiring time to arrange and
bring into complete working condition, but its
influence would be salutary, and its power would
be felt and feared; while the ships and the men
engaged in them would be quietly and peaceably
and profitably carrying on their commerce all
over the world. This proposition may strike
I gentlemen strangely. I do not pretend to say
| that the plan is feasible, but I simply allude to it
i in order that gentlemen of larger capacity and
i more comprehensive genius may reflect upon the
[ subject, and possibly mature some Bystem that
• will be practicable.
I do not doubt that gentlemen are generally
familiar with the fact, tnough not perhaps to its
! fullest extent, that since the discovery of gold in
[ California, and the rapid increase of population
of that section of country, has made it necessary
to forward heavy supplies of merchandise of all
descriptio ns, a com pie te revolution has taken place
in the line of ship-building. We have engaged in
the Pacific trade a fleet of three hundred of the
sharpest and most magnificent ships in the world,
averaging in size from twelve to fifteen hundred
tons register. This class of vessels is not in-
tended so much for carrying large cargoes as for
a saving of time. A few years ago, the average
sailing time between New York and ports in Cali- :
| fornia—for instance, San Francisco, was not less
!' than one hundred and fifty days; now our first
class clippers make the passage on an average in
one hundred days, and the run has been made in
seventy-seven days, and very often in less than
ninety. The best time ever made between Boston
and San Francisco was by the clipper ship North-
ern Light,"in ballast trim, in seventy-seven days.
The quickest run by a laden ship was made by
the New York clipper Flying Cloud, in eighty-
nine days from dock to dock. The American-built
clipper Red Jacket crossed the Atlantic in less
than twelve days; and the Lightning, Typhoon, '■
and other clippers, have crossed in about the same
time. The American clipper model has been so
successful, that orders to build them on English
account have been executed in several instances
that I know of. Organize and equip this splen-_
did fleet of ships as privateers, and they would"
sweep the commeree of the world from the face
1 of the ocean in as brief a space of time as it
j would take to build a seventy-four gun ship.
I Sir, the history of the country is full of facts
j which favor the private armed service. In the
time of our national poverty and weakness, and
before we had organized a Navy , we experienced
i the benefits of private enterprise. Massachu-
setts, which may injustice be said to have been ]l
the first of the colonic^ in bringing on the war j
of the Revolution, enacted a law for the en- i)
couragement of nautical enterprise as early as !
November 10,1775. General Washington soon!
i after commissioned privateers to cruise in the j j
waters of Massachusetts Bay in pursuit of British
vessels laden with war supplies for the British
troops in America. The fishermen in those days
were with difficulty restrained from entering this
service in large numbers; but orders had been
issued to confine the capture of property to cer-
tain limitations, not affording an opportunity to
a large number of vessels.
In October, 1775, and prior to the issue of these
commissions by General Washington, and before
, the law authorizing such adventures had been
passed, the commander-in-chief, in order to meet
i the exigency of the times, selected two captains
i of companies belonging to Colonel Glover's Mar-
| blehead regiment, tlien stationed at Cambridge,
j and on account oftheirnautical experience, placed
! them in command of two schooners, one the
| Franklin, of Beverly, Massachusetts, was com-
j manded bv Captain John Selman; the other by
, Captain Nicholas Broughton, of Marblehead,
who was chief in command of the expedition.
These vessels were ordered to proceed to the
mouth of the river St. Lawrence, there to watch
and to capture British vessels loaded with sup-
plies for the troops stationed at Quebec. These
privateer schooners succeeded in capturing six
vessels, and sent them all into port; and during
the cruise the privateersmen landed and broke up
a British recruiting station at St. John's, and took
captive and brought to Marblehead the provin-
cial Governor, Colbeck,and Judge Wright, their
object being to ransom any continental officer of
high grade who might then or thereafter be a pris-
oner in the hands of the British authorities. Gen-
eral Washington stipulated with these privateers-
men that they should receive, in payment for
their services, one third of the captured property,
excepting only in the division, munitions of war.
The first nautical expedition against the British
recorded in the history of this country is* con-
nected with privateer enterprise. On the 11th of
May, 1775, four young men took possession of
an old lumber sloop, and, after enlisting the aid
of a number of their companions, overhauled at
sea, and attacked the British armed schooner Mar-
garetta, and captured her, although the American
crew were without discipline, and even without
a captain, till, during the chase, they made choice
of one of their number, Jeremiah O'Brien, to com-
mand. After the capture, they took possession
of the armament on board their prize, and with it
fought and conquered and carried off two other
British cruisers, which had been fitted out at
Halifax expressly to capture them. Such adven-
tures were common in the early part of the Rev-
olution, though not always so successful.
The first privateer sent out of an American
port under a commission from General Wash-
ington, issued after the passage of the law of
1775, wis from Marblehead, Massachusetts, the
home of Elbridge Gerry. The schooner Lee,
Captain John Manly, sailed from that port on the
17th of November, 1775, and on the 29th of the
same month captured the-British brig Nancy,
having on board ordnance stores ana general
military supplies, and also a mortar, which was
of great value in the siege of Boston, (this was
the first time the British flag went down before
i an American vessel regularly commissioned;) and
on the 8th of December, the same vessel cap-
I tured three more ships, heavily laden with stores,
and got them all into port. Captain Manly was
afterwards placed in command of one of the Gov-
ernment ships, and distinguished himself.
The earty history of the Navy affords many
interesting incidents; butl am not disposed to go
; far out of sight of the privateersmen, for it is tor
them that I am seeking to enlist the sympathies of
the committee; and, if I should go beyond the
direct point in giving historical facts, I might be
understood as inferring that gentlemen have not
! examined for themselves. Other States come in
for their full share of the credit belonging to
grivateersmen in the war of the Revolution.
outh Carolina had three of these vessels, one of
which drove off a British sloop of war, and cap-
tured her convoy of three laree and valuable
laden ships. Pennsylvania and Virginia also had
their successful privateers; and all the colonies
wereready at all times to meet the demands which
the common cause imposed upon them.
So, in the war of 1812, South Carolina had
