902
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 11,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Winslow.
Ho. of Reps.
being generally destitute of homes, families, or
any of the incentives to an honorable advance in
their business. These foreigners are generally
in the hands of sailor landlords, and they refuse
to go to sea until every farthing of their earnings
of the last voyage has been expended or squan-
dered, and until their regular allowance of a
month's advance has found its way into the
pockets of those who prey upon them. The sail-
or's landlord has something to do with shipping
the men, and isanswerable to the shipping agents,
who bring the sailors to the ship's side, and who
are responsible for them until the ship's fasts have
been cast off, and then leaves them to their own
reflections. As a class, these men never become
citizens, nor express the least desire to gain any
knowledge of, or take any part in, our political
affairs. From habit, they generally bow to the
discipline on board ship, but often they are dis-
posed to disregard all regulations and commit acts |
of violence; and the evil is increasing, partly for j
the reason that so many of this class are now on |
board American merchant ships, and partly be- |
cause our laws are not sufficiently stringent for !
the protection of officers in the enforcement of ship
discipline. When we had more American sea-
men there was no trouble; but now a large propor-
tion of our sailors are Portuguese, Irish, Swedes,
Dutch, &c. There was once a little romance
associated with the life of a sailor, but it is
rapidly fading out, and it is quite time that some
mode was adopted for the encouragement of
American seamen, and for the better protection
of the vast amount of property of American mer-
chants on board ships scattered over the world,
and completely in the power of the men compos-
ing the snip's crew; and I intend, by and by, to
propose some plan to the House which will
promise a better condition of things in the way
of manning American ships, and to encourage
American-born young men to enter upon a sea-
faring life.
The immense increase of marine disasters
during the last four years is to be attributed to
some cause or causes, partially, perhaps, to a
defect in the material used in building ships—
partially to the imperfection in putting the mate-
rial together—to a peculiarity in the model—to
the ambition of officers to outstrip their competi-
tors in making passages. At all events, these
considerations have their weight in endeavoring
to account for the great increase of disasters at
sea. Merchants have been seriously affected by
their great losses; and the general feeling of safety
which has hitherto been afforded by insurance
against loss is now shaken, to some extent,
though unnecessarily perhaps, by the constantly-
occurring severe marine disasters, which of neces-
sity exhaust the funds of the companies. It is
not impossible that at least somewhat of the
cause of the recent marine losses may be attrib-
uted to the indifference or recklessness of the
ship's company; to the desertion by the crew of
a ship disabled at sea; or from some other of the
many motives which may actuate men in extreme
cases, where no personal interest or pride is at
stake, to refuse to yield obedience to their officers.
, I have heard masters of ships say, that for the
performance of all the duties of practical seaman-
ship they prefer an American boy, after he h.°s
had one year's experience on shipboard. Still
it is with extreme difficulty that an American
master can be prevailed upon to take boys that
have had no experience at all, for the reason that
each is counted as one of the ship's company,
and they prefer old salts, for they feel no respons-
ibility on their account. Shipowners have this
matter in their own hands; they control the
captains, if they please; and hundreds and thou-
sands of boys, educated, ambitious, and promis-
ing, are constantly seeking opportunities to
commence life on shipboard, but get no encour-
agement.
I must not be understood, Mr. Chairman, as
speaking unkindly or disparagingly of sailors as
a class, but complaining of another class of dis-
reputable adventurers, who are fast driving the
better class of men out of the business, and in-
ducing them to seek other means of support. I
give my Own opinions. I have had abundant
opportunity to see the evil of which I speak.
I haye grown up among seamen; and I have
heard their objections to a seafaring life based
upon these facts.
Now, sir, 1 submit that, under such circum-
stances, you cannot man your public armed ves-
sels with such men ae you had in the war of
1812, but you must in a greit degree depend
upon foreigners—men who i!o not intend to be-
come citizens of the country.
When the frigate Constitution sailed upon her
brilliant cruises during the war of 1812, more
than two thirds of her crew were from the fishing
districts of Massachusetts, with the real fire of
the flint in them. I am inclined to the opinion—
without any official statement to warrant it, but
judging merely from my own observation—that
nearly two thirds of the sailors on board our
ships of war at this moment are foreigners. So
with men in the marine corps. Many of them
good; many more mere adventurers. Our past
action in favor of the regular service would be
likely, in case of war, to draw in a class of men
who were seeking occupation, rather than yielding
to impulses of patriotism; but our most efficient
force would be found to exist in the private arm,
where men would enter from higher motives than
mere personal advantage suggests—more from a
desire to defend the dignity and honor of the
country.
We have all seen the favorable working of the
volunteer system.
The war with Mexico has demonstrated its
practicability. The history of the world shows
no record of greater bravery and efficiency than
was displayed by the volunteers throughout that
war. Congress very justly rewarded those gal-
lant men; while the claims of the privateersmen
have remained unheeded. It seems to me to be
all wrong; and believing that the wrong is not
the result of an established public sentiment of
hostility to the privateer system, but purely
accidental, as the case stands, I trust that we
shall all be ready to dispose of the matter wisely
and justly. The occasion is most opportune for
a bold declaration of the policy of our Govern-
ment touching privateering. We may as well be
prompt upon this point, since every man must;
know what our policy should be. Let us reward |
our marine militia for services rendered in the
past, and by the act extend a cordial greeting to
them for the future. How can we do less ? For
many years we have been left to the peaceful
pursuit of our various occupations; to the devel-
opment of the vast resources of the country;
opening new territory; building new cities, where
but yesterday there was only a sighing wilder-
ness, over which a race of savages were roaming
without the knowledge of God or hope in the
world. We have been establishing civilization
amongst them, building churches and school-
"houses, and pointing them to higher fields than
any they had yet trodden. We have been build-
ing ships, setting looms in motion, bringing the
lightning down from heaven, and making it obe-
dient to the will of God's favored creatures. All
this and more have we been doing, while the na-
tions of Europe have been convulsed with civil
strife, or distracted by a foreign war, fiercely
waged; and all to appease the ambition of men
grasping for power. Surely we may rely upon
the experience of more than forty years of peace-
ful intercourse with European nations, and in the
future guaranty to ourselves the blessings of
peace, by providing carefully for our volunteer
defense, if war is forced upon us. We can never
be conquered by a paid soldiery, so long as we
can bring men to meet them with hearts beating
vigorously; with faces glowing with the light of
energy; with hands strong, ana heads clear, and
all directed by an animating zeal towards the
freat idea, that man owes no allegiance to his
rother man—nothing to a self-constituted power,
set up in obedience to the dictates of a false am-
bition, but everything to him as his brother, his
friend, and his equal—everything to God, his
country, his home, and to the great birthright of
an American citizen, the right of self-govern-
ment.
Mr. Chairman, I will not trespass longer upon
the patience of the committee. My friend here,
[Mr. Safp,] who kindly gave way for me, holds
me under a pledge to be brief as possible; and I
will content myself with the additional remark ,
! that, at an early day, I shall ask gentlemen to
j take up and dispose of House bill No. 276.
ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
SPEECH OF HON. W. WINSLOW,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives, %
July 11, 1856,
On the resolution reported by the select committee to in-
vestigate the alleged assault upon Senator Somner by
Mr. Brooks.
Mr. WINSLOW said:
Mr. Speaker: I have not heretofore intruded
upon the attention of the House, nor sought its
indulgence. I have been content to listen and to
learn rather than to aspire to speak and to impart
information.
If I break now the silence which I have hith-
erto maintained, it is not with the vain hope that
I can add anything to what has been said upon
a subject now nearly exhausted, nor yet with the
expectation that I shall influence the opinions of
any honorable member upon this floor. But the
question under discussion is one of moment, not
so much from its applicability to the state of facts
which have provoked the discussion, as from the
abstract principles involved in the resolution—not
so much from its present bearings, as from its
future relations. It has been invested with an
importance, however, in my judgment, quite
unmerited and undeserved, arising out of the
intensely-excited condition of the public mind,
already unduly inflamed by the discussion of that
great subject, the ceaseless agitation of which will
in the end I fear bring in its train an Iliad of woes
to our once happy and united people. I owe it,
therefore, to myself—I feel that I owe it to the®:
respectable constituency who have honored me
with the high trust of representing their interests
upon this exalted theater, to express my views .
upon this interesting question, and to disclose
the reasons which shall control my suffrage.
It is very gratifying to feel that, in the remarks
which I propose to submit, neither duty nor the
occasion demand of me that I should advert to,
or animadvert upon, the details of the difficulty
between the member from South Carolina and
the Senator from Massachusetts, since, in the
view I take of the subject, it will be wholly un-
I necessary to do so for the exposition of tjke prop-
ositions I shall advance.
It may not, however, be wholly foreign to the
subject to say that one of the saddest exhibitions
of the sectional excitement which undoubtedly
exists is, that the passion of the moment tints
with its hues, and colors with its dyes, every
other subject, however remote in its relations or
trivial in its consequences. Thus the press and
the pulpit, and the forum of the North, pertina-
ciously seek to expand a private fracas into a
political conspiracy. A personal controversy,
and naught else but a personal controversy, is
ascribed in its origin to a settled design of all of
one section against the rights and privileges of -a
single State; and yet, when the facts are devel-
oped, it is nothing more than a personal contro-
versy, however much it may be condemned in one
section, lamented in another, and approved in a
third. It is no less remarkable that this sentiment
is persisted in, while a committee of this House,
a majority of which is composed of gentlemen
belonging to the dominant party here, and who
think politically with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, upon a careful investigation, having the
poww to send for persons and papers, have ig-
nored all grounds of a political conspiracy, and
have been wholly unable to fix a participation in
the act upon any other member or person as
principal or abettor. And the mad whirl of pas-
sion in which the country is involved is illustrated
by the absence of all that charity of judgment
which, in a healthful condition of the public
mind, would explore to find excuses in the frailty
and weakness of our nature for acts which sober
reason, in the abstract, might condemn. No al-
lowance is made for an ardent, enthusiastic, and
impulsive temperament, stung to the quick, and
justly stung, by unprovoked assaults upon his
/kinsman, his constituent, and his country;
