1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
009
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault b  Mr. Sumner—Mr. Winslow.
Ho. of Reps.
Dunn. The attempt there was to bribe the chair-
man of the Committee on Clauds. The case
excited much interest at the tim™ I remember,
when a boy, to have read a ballad on the subject;
the refrain ran somewhat in this way:
" John Anderson, my jo, John,
How could ynii be so rash
As to try to bribe a congressman, *
And not produce the cash ?" [Laughter.]
The attempt was certainly an attempt to im-
pede the business of the House. The disturb-
ance of a committee, sitting under its authority,
is a disturbance of the House itself. All the
privileges of a member attach to him as well in
committee as in the House; and, as was remarked
by Mr. Justice Johnson, speaking of the record,
in the Supreme Court, sitting as a court of
errors, nouconstat, but that the offense was com-
mitted in open session. Besides, the court could
have given no relief. I do not think this power is
derived from what is called parliamentary law, nor
does it rest at all upon the precedents of the Com-
mons' House of the British Parliament. Prece-
dents of the Commons of England could be cited
to sustain any and every act of tyranny the most
monstrous and absurd. Instances have been
adduced by the minority of the committee in
their report, and the list might have been indefi-
nitely extended.
But the power I claim for the House is the
Eower of self-defense—the right which every one
as to protect himself when trie law cannot cover
him with its shield. If one threatens, you have
no right to assault him; but if he assail you, you
are justified by law in repelling the attack. If
he enter your dwelling against your will, you
have a rignt to use the necessary forct* to expel
him. This summary jurisdiction, which the Law
sanctions, springs from the fact that the law can-
not itself protect you fully in the emergency.
This House has it, as you nave it. Why do you
wish to hedge yourselves about with lordly priv-
ileges which you deny to others? Has your
Executive any other privilege than the humblest
citizen ? Do you make, by law, his person sacred,
or surround him with pretorian cohorts ? It is
as necessary for the peace and happiness of the
country that he should be protected, as that the
members of this or the other House of Congress
should be.
Sir, the best protection this House can seek is
the protection of a quiet conscience. The con-
sciousness that it has done, and the determina-
tion that it will do, nothing to injure any one,
save in the strict line of duty; the cultivation
of our habitual regard for the feelings and char-
acter of others; the administration of its high
trust with dignity and lofty breeding; the dispens-
ation of justice with an equal hand to every sec-
tion of the Union—let it so act, and it will be
thrice armed. Under this reasoning, the mem-
ber from South Carolina could not be held to
answer here. He has not been guilty of any
contempt of the Senate; and for the act that he has
done he is answerable in a court of law, where,
in point of fact, tHe case has undergone investi-
gation. The courts can give complete redress,
and for that reason this House ought, not to as-
sume a jurisdiction.
But, in truth, there has been no breach of the
privilege of the Senate. The right of exemption
from arrest, and from being questioned elsewhere
for words spoken in debate, are the personal priv-
ileges of the individual member, and not of the
body collectively.
This was held in Massachusetts in 1808, in
Coffin vs. Coffin, (4 Mass. Rep., 1.) The deci-
sion was made by the supreme court, then a
court of the highest judicial reputation in the
Union. The opinion was delivered by Parsons,
" cltcrum et venerabilt nomen,"in Massachusetts's
palmiest days. The defendant, a member of the
Massachusetts Legislature, was sued for slander.
The slander consisted in charges made in con-
versation with a fellow-member, pending a res-
olution, in which the plaintiff, not a member, was
concerned. It was urged that for everything said
by a member during the sitting of the House he
could not be questioned elsewhere. Besides, the
House of Representatives of Massachusetts, by
resolution, had declared it was the privilege of
the member, and th*t be could not be, and ought
not to be, questioned for it. But the court said
they were competent to examine into this ques-
tion of privilege; and they held that, when the
defendant spoke the defamatory words in conver-
sation, he was not in the discharge of his duty
as a Representative, but was acting as a private
citizen, and was liable to be questioned for them.
These privileges were conferred upon the rep-
resentative to shield him against executive en-
croachment especially. From the time of Henry
III., when the Commons of England first sat as
a distinct House of Parliament, it was, through a
succession of years, engaged in alarming conflicts
with the Crown to maintain itself. Members were
arrested in their seats, and committed to the
Tower; others were attainted for words spoken
in debate. It was to secure the personal inde-
pendence of the member, and to insure that he
who had to address the public might speak freely,
that the Commons struggled for and obtained
these guarantees. For much the same reasons
were these provisions inserted in our Constitu-
tion. It was to shield the member from being
sued for slander;*not to guarantee that he should
not be knocked down by any one whom he
insulted. No one had a right to assault him,
under the laws of the country, whatever he might
have said; and it was surely not requisite to insert,
for such protection, such an absurd declaration
in the Constitution. If the construction con-
tended for be pushed so far, let us substitute the
value of the words for the expression as it stands,
and then the paragraph would read: "No mem-
ber shall be questioned, nor knocked down, for
words apoken in debate." Why insert such a
provision in the Constitution? No necessity
existed for it.
But while a member is privileged to say any-
thing in debate, to utter whatever he chooses, and
cannot be, and ought not to be, questioned for it
elsewhere, the privilege cannot be safely pushed
further. Bad men are always to be found who'
use the shelter of their situation to utter and pub-
lish slanders. They must, of necessity, be per-
mitted to go unwhipped of justice. Tney create
sores which can never be healed, and cause
wounds which time will not cicatrize. We can-
not avoid this. But shall we, the guardians of
the rights of the people, permit these slanders to
be published on the wings of the wind, under our
authority, and say the perpetrator shall not be
held to answer criminally? It is not so held by
the courts of that country from which the princi-
ples of our jurisprudence are derived, and which,
if not less free than ours, are certainly more arbi-
trary.
A member of the Commons of England was held
to answer for libel under the following circum-
stances. A report of a speech made by him was
published, without his authority, in a newspaper.
The report was incorrect, and he undertook to
furnish for publication a corrected report* This
latter paper was held to be libelous. In deliver-
ing' the opinion of the court, Lord Ellenborough
observes:
" A member of Parliament has Spoken what he thought
material, and what he was at liberty to speak in his charac-
ter as a member of that House.
" So far he was privileged ; but he has not stopped there,
but, unauthorized by the House, has chosen to publish an
account of that speech in what he was pleased to call a
more corrected form; and in that publication has thrown
out reflections injurious to the character of an individual.
Has he a right to reiterate these reflections to the public, and
to address them as an oratio adpopuium, in onler to explain
his conduct to his constituents: There is no case in prac-
tice, nor any proposition laid down by the best text-writers,
to support such a proposition."
And Leblanc, Judge, said:
" As to the right of a member of Parliament to speak in
Parliament what is defamatory to the character of another,
that sitting in a court of justice we were not at liberty to
inquire into that, because every member had liberty of
speech in Parliament; but when he published his speech to
tne world it then became the subject of common law juris-
diction ; and the circumstance of its being accurate, or in-
tended to correct a misrepresentation, would not the less
make him amenable to the common law in respect to the
publication."
And Bayley, Judge, observes:
" Tlie ease is without difficulty. A member of Parlia-
ment has undoubtedly the privilege, for the purpose of pro-
ducing parliamentary effect, to speak in Parliament boldly
and clearly what he thinks conducive to that end. He may,
even for thagpurpose, if he think it right, cast imputations
in Parliamopl against the character of any individual, and
■till he may be protected. But if he is to be at liberty to
circulate those imputations elsewhere, the evil would be
very extensive. No member, therefore, is at liberty to do
so."—(Rex vs. Creevy, I M. and 5., 273.)
Lej me call your ntieniion to another case,
(Rex t>s. Lord Abingdon, 1 Esp. N. P. C., ih!6,)
an information against Lord Abingdon, for a
libel contained in a paragraph in the public news-
papers, stated to be part of a speech delivered in
the House of Lords. Lord Abinsdon urged that,
as the law and custom of Parliament allowed a
member to state in the House any facts or mat-
ters, however they might reflect on an individual,
or chargc him with any crimes or offenses what-
soever, and such was dispunishable by the law
of Parliament, he from thence contended that he
had a right to print what he had a right to de-
liver, without punishment or animadversion.
Lord Kenyon said:
" As to the words in question, had they been spoken in
the [louse of Lords, and confined to its walls, that court
would have no jurisdiction to call his lordship before them
to answer for them as an offense; but that, in the present
case, the offense was the publication under bis authority
and sanction, and at his expense."
A case still stronger is that of Stockdale vs.
Hansard. Hansard had published and sold by
express authority, and under the direction of the
Commons, certain documents, in which were con-
tained reflections against the plaintiff libelous in
their character, set out in the report of their com-
mittees. It was much urged by the Attorney
General, expressly employed by the Commons to
defend an action for libel brought by Stockdale
against him, that it was the privilege of the Com-
mons to publish and authorize the sale of their
documents and proceedings, and that the de-
fendant, acting under the authority of the Com-
mons House, could not be questioned for his act;
but Lord Denman, and a full court, thought
otherwise. It was admitted that the Commons
had the right of publication, but it was a right
restricted by the common law, and it was elo-
quently asked—
" What advantage derived from publicity can be equal to
the maintenance of the principle, that even to the repre-
sentatives of the people, the most powerful body in the
nation, the calumny of individuals is forbidden? What
benefit can countervail the evil of a general understanding
that any man's character is at the mercy of that body, ana
that by the law, not nvrely by the force of overbearing
powerj but by the rule of English law, for the sake of public
expediency, hi* may be slandered without redress ? The
warmest advocate for this extended privilege is soberly
asked, whether any benefit in a land, all the institutions of
which seek the genial sunshine of public opinion, and must
languish without it, can make up for the injury resulting
from this—that it should be capable of being said with truth,
the House of Commons has become a trader in books, and
claims as privilege a legal monopoly in slander?"
And Lord Denman and his associates had the
firmness and independence to dispense the law,
not the law of Parliament, that engine of tyranny,
but the benign doctrine of the common law, in
the face of the power of the Commons House of
Parliament.
Apply, sir, these doctrines to the case under
discussion. The Senator from Massachusetts
had delivered a speech in his place, under shelter
of his privilege. I express no opinion of it my-
self. It was characterized by a venerable states-
man, the distinguished, honored and beloved Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] as the most
unpatriotic and anti-American speech ever deliv-
ered in the Senate ofithe United States. It has
been condemned by all the moderate men of all
parties in the Senate, in this House, and through-
out the country. The moderate and conserva-
tive portions of the press of the North either
condemn it, or refuse to applaud it. It dealt in
wholesale vituperation of Senators, States, and
sections. According to the just judgment of the
patriotic men of the Union, its delivery was un-
called for and indefensible. It was prepared
with care, and deliberately delivered. It was
printed before delivery, and published afterwards.
This printing and publication threw the Senator
out of the protection of hii privilege. If the
strictures on the speech be just, the printing and
publication were criminal acts, and provoked the
assault. It does not lie in his mouth to ask you
to punish, by this extraordinary power of privi-
lege which is claimed, the individual who com-
muted the socond offense, which he by his first
criminal act provoked. Is it right? Is it jurt?
According to the doctrine in the Massachusetts
QMS, these being personal privileges, aoi belong-
