1856. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Dean.
Ho. op Reps.
How, then, shall that instrument be interpreted,
but by that common sense and legal principle that
its minutiw are to be rendered according to its de-
sign as expressed in its general principles? I
have, sir, thus briefly gone back to the earlier
days; for in this age of slave filibustering, when
partisan politicians are desiring to establish a huge
slave oligarchy, it is well that all of us should go
back and look at the fountain from which our
stream of constitutional government had its origin.
These, then, sir, are the acknowledgments by
which our Constitution recognizes slavery in the
States.
Now, sir, the First Congress saw fit to indorse
and give a legal and constitutional -force to an
ordinance penned by the immortal Jefferson,
which had passed the previous Continental Con-
gress, known as the celebrated ordinance of 1787;
and that ordinance especially and specifically
grovided that in all the territory which the United
tates then possessed, there should neither be
slavery nor involuntary servitude upon a single
inch of it. With what consistency,'then, can
the advocates of slavery's nationality and sla-
very's constitutionality, rise and claim the sanc-
tion of that sacred instrument, in the fulfillment
of their designs? How can they ignore these
most emphatic utterances of the convention and
the First Congress? The so-called Democratic
doctrine of to-day has no foundation in the re-
publicanism or democracy of our early history.
To give force to the great national principle of
freedom, an amendment to the Constitution was
proposed and passed, using language indicating
as full an application to one man as another, by
which no " person" should " be deprived of life,
liberty, or property, without due process of
law. What is the signification of "person,"
as used throughout that instrument, ana all the
early laws? Does not the clause in reference to
the rendition of fugitives from service use the
term " person?" Does not the article upon rep-
resentation use the same word? And in the
amendment, has it not the same language and
signification? I admit it has not, in the lexi-
cography of the slave propagandists of 1856.
But did it not, in the early days, when constitu-
tional liberty was first inaugurated upon our soil?
That ordinance also provided that persons owing
service or labor in one State, if the fugitive,
panting for freedom, turned his weary footsteps
towards the line of the north star, and entered
the territory, he should be given up, upon appli-
cation. Ay, sir, the language incorporated into !
that ordinance is a verbatim copy of the olause in
the Constitution.
The same spirit of compromise which gave that j
clause of our Constitution its legal birth, gave ex-
istence also to that rendition enactment which fell |
a dead letter at the feet of freemen. The moral i
and religious sentiments of the people smote it
by a glance of indignation, and it shriveled up !
in death and became powerless for action. The !
principle which must underlie all such enactments,
if carried out, will subvert the liberties of any peo-
ple, for it is nothing less than the asserted kingly
prerogative of one man to subjugate and enslave
his fellow by force of law. It is the very oppo-
site of republicanism, which declares all men free
and equal, with a like endowment to life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness, at the hands of
their common Creator. I said, sir, that this feature
of the ordinance of 1787 fell a dead letter from its
birth. The history of the country shows it.
The great and good men of both North and \
South looked then for the extinction and utter
ajimhilation of slavery by independent State ac-
tion. Thomas Jefferson, as early as 1776, intro-
duced a resolution into the Legislature of Vir-
ginia, to revise the laws of that State, and was
appointed upon a committee to report a bill for
that purpose. Upon the introduction of that
report, Mr. Jefferson took occasion to say:
" Tlie bill on the subject of slaves was a mere digest of
the existing laws respecting them, without any intimation
of a plan for a future and general emancipation. It was
thought better that this should^ kept back, and attempted
only by way of amendment whenever the bill should be
brought on. The principles of the amendment, however,
were agreed on; that is to say, the freedom of all bom after
? Ce?" > and deportation at a proper age; but it was
found that the public mind would not yet bear the proposi-
tion, nor will it bear it even at this day; yet the day is not
distant when it must bear and adopt it, or worse will follow.
Nothing is more certainly written in the book of fate than
that these people are to he free; nor is it less certain that the
two races equally I'rce cannot live in the same Government.
Nature, habit, opinion, have drawn indelible lines of dis-
tinction between tliem. It is still in our power to direct the
process of emancipation and deportation peaceably, and in
such slow degree as that the evil will wear off insensibly,
and their places be jiari jiiisju filled up with white laborers.
If, on the contrary, it is left to firce itaelf on, human nature
must shudder at the prospect held up." (Jefferson's Life,
vol. 1, page 39.)
1 have thus, Mr. Chairman, given at some
length, the views of Mr. Jefferson upon the sub-
ject, as early as 1776. What his views of the
deportation of children born on the soil, and
whose darkness of skin is so rapidly being
changed by the introduction of white bloot},
might now be, I am unable to say.
I am sorry, sir, that the years succeeding the
birth of our Constitution did not realize the sen-
timents of the fathers, upon the extinction of
slavery. It has grown with our growth, and
strengthened itself with our strength. New States
have been admitted, whose fair fields have been
sullied with the curse of human bondage. Battles
have been fought and territory acquired by con-
quest or purchase, in order to extend its area.
The nation has aroused itself and growled forth
its menace against these repeated breaches of a
past public faith, and then again subsided into its
accustomed pursuits. This Hall, sir, has been
an arena where the battle has been fought over
the right of the people to petition Congress upon
the subject of human slavery. Thank God! the
right of freemen, the right of petition, ultimately
triumphed.
But, sir, in 1850, such had been the steady en-
croachments of the slave principle, that another
compromise was effected, to take its place by
the side of its illustrious' relative of 1820. The
former had given peace to the country by yield-
ing to the extension of slavery, and at the same
time prohibiting its introduction north of 36° 30'.
Excitement followed that submission to the de-
mands of slavery, but it subsided, and in a thirty
years' comparative truce, slavery gathered up her
garments and stalked forth, gathering increasing
strength. In 1850 Texas and California knocked
at our doors for admission, and slavery again
convulsed the country with its demands. Pacif-
ication and compromise was the order of the
day, and the omnibus bill carried itself through,
freighted with four new slave States to be made
from the slaveholding State of Texas, and the
birth of a new fugitive slave-catching child. That
bill is a moral and political monstrosity, having
its birth in the free Republic of the world. Strik-
ing down all personal rights, and annihilating
trial by jury, it gave birth to irresponsible men
who sit in judgment upon the freedom and man-
hood of others, with their descendants after them.
It also placed in his palm an extra fee of five
dollars if the victim at his bar should be sent to
slavery in preference to walking forth a freeman.
Again the country was aroused, and indignant
citizens gathered to resolve and prepare for the
time of trial for their own personal liberty.
That law, sir, is dead; it has been galvanized into
existence occasionally by the strong power of the
Federal Government,-and at an outlay of expense
which Btaggers its participants. It must needs
die, sir; the Christian men in the model Republic
of the world, in this year of grace will not be
bloodhounds to catch men.- It is as revolting to
nature as it is offensive to the laws of God.
, Those "prejudices" will never be " conquered"
J at the dictum of any man or sit of men.
| But, sir, the country was again subsiding, in-
i terrupted by an occasional attempt to enforce
1 the fugitive slave bill, when, in the year of grace,
1854, slavery began a new era. It tore up the
planks laid down by a mutual compromise in
' 1820, and violated its plighted faith. No amount
of petition—no pleadings at its merciless bar
1 availed. After a long, continuous, and stormy
session of this House, the flag, announcing the
repudiation of a nation's plighted faith for thirty
years, was thrown to the breeze. The country
saw it, and a shiver of indignation and fear for
our country's perpetuity ran like an electric
shock from the Atlantic on the East to the Rocky
Mountains upon the West. That storm has not j
yet subsided, and it never will, until that faith is
restored in form or in fact. Gentlemen may I
offer measures of pacification—may suggest new
compromises—may stretch their eyes over the
whole political horizon, anxiously looking for a
freat pacificator, who, in this emergency, can
ush the angry and turbulent waves that threaten
to engulf us, but they will look invain. Thenote
of repeal rings through every northern heart. If
the South are bent upon pursuing this suicidal
policy, they must answer to the God of nations
for the calamity which is sure to come.
The battle of liberty and slavery in Kansas is
but a fair legitimate deduction from such premi-
ses. Any man, however limited his vision, could
have seen that when that bill passed which smote
southern faith and honor until it reeled an d fell, that
an indignant North would people that Territory,
and fight the battle of freedom there, if the North
were decimated in the contest. Gentlemen may
look for, and hope for, a cessation of hostilities,
and a quiet and tame subserviency of the people
there to the behests of slavery. Sir, they do not
know them. The North, cool and sluggish in
her movements, when aroused fairly, and awake
fully, as she is now awake, knows no obstacle
she will not surmount for the liberty of her
country and her children. The men who emi-
grated to Kansas went there for life. Having
faith still that the Government would right the
wrongs done by the repeal of the Missouri re-
striction, they have suffered with the spirit of
martyrs. A neighboring slave State has invaded
her Territory—usurped her rights at the ballot-
box— inaugurated an illegitimate Legislature —
enacted by the solemn farce of law a code which
would do violence to the instincts of the Autocrat
of all the Russias—muzzled the lips of the peo-
ple, and locked the door of the press-room, or
thrown the type into the river. Yea, more, sir!
it has hunted men for their free opinions, and
sacked cities of freemen under the sanction of
law, backed by all the power of this corrupt
Administration.
By the power of the military this same Admin-
istration enforces laws which declare, that to
speak, write, or print thoughts of freedom is to be
punished by incarceration in prison as a felon.
To say to a fellow-man, upon the common soil of
a freA Republic, that he is free, and stretching
forth the hand to enable him to assert and secure
that freedom, the American citizen shall be pun-
ished with death. Nay, more, sir; the same
spirit of slavery establishes a false code of honor
in the national Capitol; and if the free utterances
of the representatives of the people do not suit its
despotic instincts, it initiates even in these cham-
bers its correspondence to provoke a freeman to
an illegal and bloody field of dueling.
Sir, I repudiate the whole of it. I will never
submit to any feature of it either in the concrete
or abstract. All the moral feelings of my being,
all the instincts of my better nature, all the pre-
cepts of a holy Christianity revolt against a sys-
tem which*gives birth to such a progeny. And,
sir, in this 1 represent the feelings and views of
the Christian world.
Gentlemen may cry Peace—maf ask for a new
compromise in which slavery shall be acknowl-
edged in its present demands, but an outraged
ana thoroughly indignant people will never con-
sent to any such arrangement. They demand
the unconditional repeal of that clause of the
Kansas-Nebraska act which broke down and set
aside a mutual compact of thirty years' stand-
ing. They require that gentlemen shall restore
to the common altar of the country the faith
which has been stolen from it. I had the honor
of submitting to this House the resolutions of
the legislature of my own State, in which the
voice of the people of that State has said:
STATE OP CONNECTICUT.
General Assembly, May Session, 1855.
Whereas, the bill organizing the Territories of Nebraska
and Kansas was, in itself, premature and uncalled for; in
its abrogation of the Missouri compromise, a needless vio-
lation of a time-honored compact; in its passage, pressed
with indecent haste upon a reluctant Congress and an out-
raged country; and, in its results, has awakened dangerous
sectional agitation, and led to lawless violence in the Ter-
tories themselves;
And whereas, in support of that act, the doctrine has, of
late, been promulgated, that the persons inhabiting the Ter
ritories of the United States are, or ought to be, within
their respective territorial limits, sovereign for all purposes
of legislation, though dependent upon the executive branch
