1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
909
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. of Reps.
it has no constitutional acknowledgment except 1
in a compromise upon the subject of represent-
ation in this House, and in an act specifying the
comity which should exist between States. I
have read brief extracts upon that subject from
words uttered in the convention which framed
our Constitution, and have given you the early
views of the immortal Jefferson upon the dangers
which must inevitably arise fronj the perpetuity
of slavery in our Republic. I have also looked
at the causes of our present trouble, and indicated
the measure of policy and justice to be pursued,
to give repose to a distracted country. 1 would,
sir, that I could believe that even this would
place us, as a nation, beyond the possibility of a
national overthrow in consequence of this deadly
evil and crime. I cannot shut my eyes to the
fearful fact, that slavery doubles its miserable
population once in twenty-seven years, and that,
if our country should abide even the contests of
the coming half century , the feet of-about fifteen
millions of bondmen will press the soil of our
Republic. I contemplate it with horror !
Dark as the future looks, I will not interfere
-vith its existence as a State institution, except in
tne use of lawful moral means, but leave the
consequences of it to those who cherish it, and
are alone responsible for it; but with every energy
of my being, in public or private life, I give an
unfaltering opposition to its nationality, or its
further extension. I would have the country see
and feel the responsibility which rests upon every
patriot, North, South, East, and West, in the
coming election. One great party,
" The sheen of whose spears was like stars on the sea"
in 1840, and whose votes would hare elected a
President without the aid of a single slave State,
has gone to its final rest, and is to-day the subject
of fulsome eulogy by its opponents. It died, sir,
in consequence of its subserviency to the behests
of slavery. Its mighty leader, a Saul among his
kinsmen, a perfect giant in his mental power and
moral convictions, lusted for office in an evil hour,
and, vaulting, threw himself into the breach for
the defense of the peculiar institution. He was
covered with garlands by the hands of slavery,
and led away to the altar of sacrifice at Baltimore.
He retired to his Marshfield home, looked in the
faces aud felt the breath of those huge oxen who
had not, like his fellow-men, betrayed him, and
then went to his long repose. Sir, he sleeps now
where
" Old ocean
Plays the wild, profound, eternal bass"
in his funeral anthem. The great Whig party
fell with him to rise no more.
The so-called Democracy of the country, under
cover of its party catch-phrases, seeks now the
universal spread of the chattel system. It has
nominated a man who glories in his entity being
extinguished, he himself having become a.dovlos,
or, as the gentleman from Georgia translates it, a
slave to the platform of the Cincinnati filliouster-
iiig Democratic Convention. The people will
soon decide whether they will inaugurate this
principle of chattelism as a national system, or
whether free speech, press, free soil, sfee^ll be
perpetuated to their cmldren by the election of
the true patriot, Fremont. God grant that they
may decide it right!
ASSAULT ON SENATOR SUMNEE.
•  
DEFERRED HOUSE DEBATE.
Itr the Ho die or Representatives,
July 12, 1856.
Tbe House having under consideration the report of the
committee on tlie alleged assault of the Hod. Preston S.
Brooks oa the Hon. Cham.es Sumher of the Senate—
Mr. STEWART said: Mr. Speaker, th'is ques-
tion has been so fully argued by gentlemen of the
House who have taken different sides of it, that
the fifteen minutes allotted each member under
the resolution lately adopted will be sufficient for
the purpose which I have in rising. I shall make
but a few suggestions. We are confined, and
necessarily so, to the provisions of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. It ought to be our
guide, and here I take occasion to say, that in a
i question of this kind, no matter whether the
decision affects friends or foes, I feel bound by
the obligations which I have assumed to pursue
such course as I conceive right and proper under
! the Constitution. That provides that
" Each House may determine the rules of its proceed-
ings, punish its members for disorderly behavior, and,
with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a member."
That is the law prescribing our power, and it
is certainly as obligatory on us as if the legisla-
tive department of the Government under it had
enacted a law to the same effect. The only ques-
tion is, whether the definition of the power is
sufficiently specific? The gentleman from South
Carolina is not on trial for the perpetration of
any crime. If that were the case, then a different
tribunal must be resorted to, for the Constitution
, says:
! " That the trial of all crimes, except In cases of impeach-
ment, shall be by jury; and such trial shall be held in the
State where the said crimes shall have been committed;
I but when not committed within any State, the trial shall be
I at such place, or places, as the Congress may by law have
directed."
j He is not arraigned for the commission of any
| crime—no, sir, he is before us for trial under the
| clause of the Constitution to which I first ad-
| verted. The clause that authorizes us to de-
termine the rules of our proceedings, punish mem-
! bers for disorderly behavior, and, with the con-
! currence of two thirds, expel a member, gives
this House similar power in regard to control
over its members that it possesses in reference to
other persons violating its integrity, or disturb-
ing its regular action. For the self-preservation
| of the House, to enable it to transact its business,
j without the constitutional clause, we would neces-
1 sanly have the power, to Some extent, to protect
ourselves and our privileges as a legislative body.
So far as our power, by analogy, is concerned in
i matters of mere contempt, I have a legislative
declaration, to which I will refer the House. It
is to be found in the act of Congress, passed in
1831, chapter 99. This act provides, in its first
section:
" That the power of the several courts of the United
States to issue attachment* and inflict summary punish-
ment for contempts of court, shall not be construed to
extend to any cases except the misbehavior of any person or
persons in the presence of the said courts, or so near thereto
as to obstruct the administration of justice, tile misbeha-
vior of any of tbe officers of Hie said courts in their offi-
cial transactions, and the disobedience or resistance by
•ny officer of the said courts, party, juror, witness, or any
other person or persons, to any lawful writ, process, order,
rule, decree, or command of the said courts," See.
The second section has additional provisions,
as to other matters affecting proceedings of the
courts, (fcc. So far as that act furnishes legislative
explanation, we may find that this House pos-
sesses a similar power to protect itself by sum-
mary process in cases of contempt, &c. -As to
the complaint before the House now, the ground
cannot be taken that'm contempt has been com-
mitted as such, but that the power is necessary
to protect itself from any disturbing action on the
part of its own members. This specific authority
was necessary in reference to its own members,
though not in regard to others, for the power
already existed relative to others than members.
I hold, then, that it is competent for this House
to exercise jurisdiction over its members. It may
punish its members in its discretion, within the
constitutional limitations. That punishment may
go to the extent of expulsion. If the power did
not exist, how would the House dispose of a
case where a member is convicted before the
courts of a high crime, and sentenced to be pun-
ished by confinement in prison? Would it have
the power to purge itself of such a member?
Under the Constitution, if a member is tried and
convicted of a high crime, the House has the
power to expel him I apprehend. But it has not
the power to try him for the crime. He is to
be tried in another forum. Suppose & member
comes into this House with a contagious disease
—how would the House dispose of a case of that
sort, if he would not depart? Has it not the
power to protect itself ? It certainly has. Cases
are manifold in which the House ought to exer-
cise the power conferred on it by. the Constitu-
tion.
But try this case on its merits; admit all the
facts alleged—is there anything to justify this
House in resorting to the highest punishment
we can inflict? The matter comes to us from
the Senate; we have had a committee to investi-
gate it, and it appears that the speech of Senator
I Sumner is made a part of its report. It is relied
| on by the gentleman from South Carolina in his
j1 defense, as furnishing provocation; but we have
; no control over Senator Sumner, and, 1 submit,
; then, how can we do exact justice if we be-
' lieve him to have been the aggressor? Is the
1 speech a sufficient provocation ? I do not under-
stand that the conduct of Mr Brooks is to be
absolutely or necessarily justified; it may be
, excused. A man in self-defense may be obliged
to destroy his fellow-man. The act may not be
] commended; it is excused. It is a misfortune.
No punishment can justifiably be inflicted in
such a case. It is a misfortune under which the
gentleman from South Carolina labors. Here
was a speech of Mr Sumner, violating decorum
and the fair privileges of debate, and to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina offensive, particu-
larly unjust to his aged friend, to his gallant
State, and to himself, and he felt himself called
upon to rebuke such language, and now, sir, we
are called uporr to say what shall be his punish-
ment for this. We are told that the Senate,
which has refused to censure a member of its
own body for what this House may consider a
j gross breach of its privilege, having no control
' over our members, has sent down this com-
plaint. With great respect for that body, I say,
let them set us an example as to their own mem-
bers, before they ask us to condemn our own.
Does anybody doubt that Mr. Sumner's speech
wis abusive and unparliamentary? That was
the estimate put upon it by the gentleman from
South Carolina, and, I think, by every impartial
reader. Suppose it was abusive, and violence
| was the consequence, and the matter is brought
i before us for consideration, and we are called
upon to administer some rebuke to the member
: from South Carolina, and we find that we have
no control over the intemperate and disorderly
member of the Senate, now 1 submit to this
House whether we ought not to take all these
circumstances into consideration ?
We had a committee, and they reported the
facts. It has been characterized as an act of vio-
lence, and we are required to visit punishment
upon one of our own members, while we have
no control over the acts of the abusive Senator.
In order to preserve decorum in debate, and that
the members of the House and the Senate may
he protected in their privileges, I hold that the
rules should be enforced to protect members from
abuse and violent denunciation. If there are n<v
rules—if rules have not been adopted in the Senate
for that purpose, or in this House, the question
is left open, and we must decide upon any and
every compinint, in the light of all the circum-
stances which surround it.
If the gentleman from South Carolina takes
the responsibility of vindicating his own honor,
and repelling the assault upon himself, and his
friends, and State, we are obliged, when an accu-
sation is brought forward, to take the whole mat-
ter and all the circumstances under considera-
tion. It is upon that ground that I do not feel
justified in casting a vote of censure under a par-
tial control of the case. I submit to every mem-
ber if they ought to administer a rebuke upon
one of their own members, when they have no
power over the first aggressor ? It cannot be con-
tended for a moment that the gentleman from
South Carolina has not obeyed the rules of this
House. To take the worst aspect of the case,
those who are acquainted with him cannot sup-
pose for a moment that he would have been
gtyltyof a breach of privilege of this House, or
of a violation of its rules of order, supposing
that to he the fact, if it had not been for the
speech delivered in the Senate by Mr. Sum-
ner. 1 have heard gentlemen who take a differ-
ent view of this matter say they could not jus-
tify the speech of Mr. Sumner, or indorse it.
If, then, they undertake to rebuke a member of
this House when they have no power over the
Senator who has violated fair parliamentary de-
bate, and furnished provocation, I submit if
they can justify the extreme measure proposed
by ths committee?
