910
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 12,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Knapp.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr KNAPP said' I could have wished, Mr. and,by the order of the House, have been printed
Speaker that ray first utterances in this Hall, j and placed upon your files. 1 here place them cn
apart fro'm the routine of ordinary business, had the record of this debate:
« - - «■"  I n 1 * 1-. WM rt A l\ll ♦ rff M * IV if . t . V
been upon some more congenial theme; but stand-
ing, as I do, in this place, as the representative
" of a people whose rights and interests are deeply
affected by the issues involved in the resolution
before us, 1 feel no inclination to shrink from any
just responsibility that attaches to me. I parti-
cipate in the regret which was expressed the
other day by one of my colleagues, [Mr. Comins,}
that under the operation of the rules of this
House, it was found necessary or deemed neces-
sary that we should come to the consideration
of this matter with such tardy steps. But this
delay, unpleasant as it has been in vieW of the
magnitude of the outrage which has been perpe-
trated, as I conceive, upon our common rights,
upon the Constitution, and upon the sovereignty
of Massachusetts, is the less to be regretted since,
from the lapse of time, that acerbity of feeling or
of passion which the character of the offense was
so well suited to evolve, may in a measure have
subsided, and left the House in a better frame of
mind to judge dispassionately and impartially
upon the question before it. Another advantage
has been gleaned from this delay. The responses
of the people have been uttered. Some of us, at
least, have had an opportunity of mingling with
our constituencies. I have visited my home on
the banks of the Merrimack. I have met the
workingmen of Lowell — have seen the fire in
their eyes and felt their indignant heart-throbs.
Yes, sir, and the noble women, congregated in
such numbers in those hives of busy industry,
have not been backward in manifestations of their
deep concern. The mechanic in the shop, the
shoemaker on his bench, the farmer beside his
plow, the maiden in the mill—in a word, the
pulpit, the press, the people, cry out with one
accord. Forgetful of former partisan feuds, men
Resolved ly the Senate and Home of Representatives of
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, That we have re-
ceived, with deep concern, information of the recent vio-
lent assault committed in the Senate Chamber, at Wash- j
ington, upon the person of the Hon. Charles Sumner, one
of nur Senators in Congress, by Preston S. Brooks, a
member of the Hou^e of Representatives, from South Caro-
lina—an assault winch no provo^tion could justify—brutal
and cowardly in itself—a gross breach of parliamentary
privilege—a ruthless attack upon the liberty of speech—an ;
outrage of the decencies of civilized life, and an indignity .
to the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. • I
Resolved, That the Legislature of Massachusetts, in the 1
name of her free and enlightened people, demands for her |
representatives in the National Legislature enure freedom j
of speech, and will uphold them in the proper exercise of
that essential right of American citizens.
Resolved, That we approve of Mr. Somner's manliness
and courage in his earnest and fearless declaration of free
principles, and his defense of human rights and free ter-
ritory.
Resolved, That the Legislature of Massachusetts is im-
peratively called upon by the plainest dictates of duty,
from a decent regard to the rights of her citizens, and
rcspect for her character as a sovereign State, to demand,
and the Legislature of Massachusetts hereby does demand,
of the national Congress, a prompt and strict investigation
into the recent assault upon Senator Somner, and the ex-
pulsion by the House of Representatives of Mr. Brooks, of
South Carolina, and any other member concerned with
him in said assault.
Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be requested
to transmit a copy of the foregoing resolves to the Presi-
dent of the Senate and Speaker of the Hou«e of Represent-
atives, and to each of the Senators and members of the
House of Representatives from this Commonwealth in the
Congress of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, I hazard nothing in saying that ;
the sentiments of those resolutions are but the ;
echo of the feelings and sentiments which animate |
the great mass of the people of the whole Com- !
monwealth, irrespective of party divisions. Ay,
sir, if the voice of the people of Massachusetts in
response to this outrage could be embodied and
uttered here, it would be uttered in a manner so
of all parties, animated by a feeling akin to that I potential as to be heard in " every log-house
of the revolutionary epoch, rush together in j beyond the mountains." That voice would be
masses, vieing with each other in the earnestness 1 ' ' '
of their protestations.
The knowledge of this outrage, of course, was
immediately transmitted to every extremity of
the land. The Legislature of my own beloved
Commonwealth, then in session, had immediate
information of the facts. In the previous discus-
sions upon this question, some animadversions
have been indulged in in reference to what has
been represented as hasty and inconsiderate
proceedings on the part of the Legislature of my
State. This outrage was perpetrated on the 22a
of May. Within twenty-four hours, the knowl-
edge of its essential particulars was disseminated
throughout the land. It was a matter of history.
It was as well known to the people of Massachu-
setts as the essential facts connected with the
great event of the battle of Bunker Hill. Every-
body knew it, and everybody was startled by the
intelligence. Throughout the free States, the
moral sense of the people received a shock, such
as I venture to say has never been paralleled in ,  c 
the annals of our history. But the Legislature Bocock,] in his speech yesterday, wnile urging
of Massachusetts did not proceed hastily. They ' ' J  * ''l" 11 *u"
delayed their action until they had received—I
will not say affidavits, I will not say sworn testi-
mony, but they waited long enough to receive the
conceded, acknowledged facts of the case, pub-
lished by those who were supposed to be.in the
interest of the accused, and, 1 may also add, said
to have been published by his authority. How
uttered, too, in a single word, and that word would
be—" retribution !" " retribution!"
Sir, in the course of this long debate, the points
of constitutional law, and the precedents which
lie in the path of the practice and usage of legisla-
tive bodies in this and in other countries, have
been sufficiently gone over. I confess that, in
view of the plain provisions of the Constitution,
under which we are acting, and which we have j
sworn to support, I have little patience to travel
in that direction. I feel, in view of this aspect of f
■ the question, like Lord Chatham, who, on an
j occasion not dissimilar to this, in the British Par-
I liament, exclaimed: " I will not come into Parlia-
j ment, with authorities turned down in dog-ears,
I to establish a self-evident proposition." Sir, I
hold that the power of self-protection inheres
necessarily in every legislative body, and I dm
willing, for one, acting under my oath of office, as
a Representative here, and taking the Constitution
for my guide, to act upon that view of the subject.
The honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr
long, then, should Massachusetts have waited
under the pressure of this great indignity which
had been exhibited towards her sovereignty, in
view of this transaction, in which the Senator of
her choice, the pride of the Commonwealth, had
been stricken down in the place appointed for the
discharge of the high functions of his office—
stricken down in the discharge of the functions
his idea of the proper action of the House in this
matter, was pleased to refer to the Represent-
atives of Massachusetts on this floor as, doubt-
less, valorous men, who were quite competent of
themselves to avenge any wrongs or indignities
toward Massachusetts or her sons. Sir, as I un-
derstand Massachusetts, she neither needs nor
asks a voucher for her valor from any quarter.
Thanks to Heaven, she has a history ! Her im-
perishable record is open to the inspection of
mankind; her towering monuments still gleam in
the glorious light of that liberty whose achieve-
ment they commemorate. As in the days of her
Webster, Lexington, Concord, and Bunker Hill
are there. Dorchester and Acton are there also.
Around them all, her multiplied haunts of intelli-
of a Senator of the United States, here, in the , gence and industry teem with men, instinct with
very temple of our liberty ? Massachusetts waited devotion to liberty and law.
until ten days had elapsed, and then, in response
to what I may say was the universal sentiment
of her million of people, she uttered her voice,
and that voice has been well and appropriately
embodied in a series of resolutions which have
No! Massachusetts, though stung by wrong
and insult, is no backslider from the faith of the
fathers. But, sir, while smarting under outrage
unavenged, she will not take counsel of her fears,
much less of her foes. To her it belongs to indi-
iveii
been transmitted to the Representatives of the" cate the proper means of redress. She scorns the
Commonwealth under the attestation of her proper code of the cudgel, now boldly sought to be in-
officers, which have been presented at your table, ! augurated for the Congress of the United States.
She stands,now as ever, by the common Consti-
tution. She holds, now as ever, to the supremacy
of the laws, and trusts to the peaceful remedies
which they proffer for all ourwrongs. She trusts
still in the power of the ballot-box—that weapon,
pictured by her poet, which
 " Comes down as still
As snow flakes on the sod,
But executes the freeman's will
As lightning does the will of God."
A word more, sir, in response to the honorable
member from Virginia, and I take leave of him.
When the sons of Massachusetts shall be sum-
moned to the use of sterner weapons, they may
requite the compliment to their valor by adopting
for a rallying cry the motto emblazoned on the
armorial ensign of his own proud Commonwealth
—"Sic semper tyrannis— So always to tyrants—a
motto made doubly significant by the emblem of
the Genius of Liberty, sword in hand, trampling
upon Tyranny !
Sir, gentlemen in pursuit of pretexts to justify
or excuse the assault, have thought proper to
denounce Mr. Sumner and his speech. It is
enough for me, sir, to point to the splendid record
of his career as a sufficient answer to this general
clamor. We are told that the speech was libel-
ous and unparliamentary—that it was so flagrant
in personalities as to call for punishment. Ay,
sir, punishment is the word. A fellow Senator,
himself a spectator of the outrage, announces in
his place that the distinguished victim of this
I violence "got only what he deserved." And
yet this Senator who thus excuses the deed was
present during the delivery of the speech. If the
proprieties of debate were outraged as represented,
if Mr. Sumner " deserved" to be beaten with a
deadly weapon, did he not deserve at least a
prompt reprimand from those whose nice sense
of propriety was thus offended ?
Sir, I will make no boast of knowledge of par-
liamentary law. Some ten years of my life have
been passed in connection with legislative bodies.
In common with many members of this House,
I heard the remarkable speech of Mr. Sumner.
I listened with attention to its burning periods.
Severe it surely was; but it was the severity of
truth, encountering gigantic crimes. In my judg-
ment, the speech was strictly within the law and
usages of debate, as recognized by the Senate.
This certainly seems to have beentne tacit judg-
ment of all Senators present at the time. No
voice of dissent was heard—no sound of the Pres-
ident's gavel. And, sir, if South Carolina was
insulted in that speech, one of her Senators [Mr.
Evans] was there, and I can testify that he was
not asleep. Once, indeed, he rose quickly, and
called for an authority; but he called not to order.
For my part, I regarded the effort as the greatest
forensic achievement of the Senator's life. This
feeling was avowed to him as, on its conclusion,
I grasped his warm hand there on the spot so
soon to be marked by his own blood !
Mr. Speaker, vital issues are involved in the
question before the House. Gentlemen may
characterize this matter as a personal affair—a
police case—a peccadillo; but the people will
regard and treat it as aTnost audacious blow
hurled at the great right of free opinion—yes, sir,
free opinion—at once the 'primal, element and
safeguard of constitutional liberty. What, sir,
is your Government itself but opinion on parch-
ment ? When that shall be superseded by force,
in defiance of law—force, spurred on by indr^idual
' caprice or the shifting humors of a blind section-
alism, what will remain of civil liberty but the
shadow of its departing glory ?
Sir, it was laid down as a maxim by a philos-
opher of another age and country, that " that is
the most perfect Government where an injury
done to the humblest citizen is an insult to the
whole community." We proclaim, in theory at
least, the equality and universality of human
rights. Among these, freedom of opinion is the
first. "Give me," said Milton, "the right to
reason and to argue freely, above a. i er les.
This great right Js now and here imperiled. 1
invoke the House and the country to come to Us
rescue—
" Ere the storm comes forth—
The gathered wrath ot God and man,
Like that winch waited Ezypt s earth,
When fire and hail abo\e it ranI"
