1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
911
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Senator Sumner—Mr. Branch.
Ho. op Reps.
Mr. BRANCH. After the very full and able
discussion we have had on this subject, I would
not address the House, if I had heard presented
by any other gentleman the view which has de-
termined my judgment, and yill decide my vote.
The majority of the committee claim jurisdic-
tion for the House on the ground that, if thegen-
tleman arraigned had been a stranger, the Senate
would have possessed the power to punish him
for an assault on one of its members, for words'
spoken in debate; but, since he is a member of
this House—a coordinate branch of the Legisla-
ture—it cannot punish him; and that hence it
devolves on this House to inflict the punishment
which the Senate might inflict, but for the respect,
courtesy, or immunity, due to this body.
I undertake to say that, if Mr. Brooks had
been a member of the Senate, and the assault had
been committed at the time, place, and under the
circumstances it was committed, on a fellow-Sen-
ator, the Senate could not have punished him;
and, on the other hand, if Mr. Sumner had been
a member of this House, as is Mr. Brooks, this
House would have been equally without the power j
to interfere. A fortiori, is each House without I
the power to interfere for an assault committed by, j
or upon, a person not a member of its own body, j
The whole powers of each House acting sepa- I
rately, and without the concurrence of the other, 1
are found in section live, article one, of thfc Con-
stitution. Nowhere else in that instrument do
we find a grant of power to, or any duty imposed 1
on, each House, acting without the concurrence
of the other. Every clause of that section con-
fers powers, or imposes duties on " each House,"
the whole section being to this exclusively de-
voted. The second clause of that section is as
follows: I
"Each House may determine the rules of its proceedings, I
punish its members for disorderly behavior, and, with the
concurrence of two thirds, expel a member."
By this clause, each House is invested with
fall power to protect itself from the disorderly
conduct of its own members—that is, against con-
duct violative of its rules and orders, and inter-
rupting or interfering with its current proceed-
ings. It has power to act summarily, through its
Sergeant-at-Arms, or otherwise, to control the
offender, or quell disorder. The cases here pro-
vided for are cases obstructing the business of'the
House—for the time being preventing it from
the orderly and efficient discharge of its high du-
ties. The remedies for such evils, to be effective,
must be summary. The necessity of calling in
an extraneous force or authority to protect it I
would be a demoralizing confession of impotence,
besides producing fatal delay. Hence the arbi-
trary and despotic power conferred by this clause
on each House, to be the judge and executioner
in its own case, to the extent even of depriving
a constituency of the representative of its choice, j
Such a power, so contrary to our common notions
of law and responsibility, and intrusted to no
other department or officer of the Government,
except to courts of justice, to be exercised in
strictly analogous cases, and for the attainment
of the same end, ought not to be enlarged by con-
struction, nor made to extend to any cases not
within the reason of the law. It was intended
to be exercised in cases in which the exigency
would not admit of delay. And to use it for other
purposes than to protect the body in its current
proceedings, would rpake it an odious tyranny.
Whilst, by this clause, the power is explicitly
given to restrain and " punish its members for
disorderly behavior," the " rules of-its proceed-
ings" which each House is empowered to make
will provide for preventing and punishing disor-
der in its galleries and elsewhere in its presence.
If any other offense ot class of offenses can be I
specified, which do not interrupt the current j
business, but against which it is proper to afford !
protection to each House, as a House, Congress,
under the last clause of section three, article one,
can pass general laws from time to time, defin-
ing them and providing such remedies as it may
think suitable and adequate.
The gentleman arraigned having committed no
act interrupting the current business of the Sen-
ate, (theasaault having been made whilst the Sen-
ate was not in session,) I can find no warrant in II
this clause of the Constitution for his punish- 11
ment, either by this House or by the Senate. It
would be still more vain to search in that clause
for power in this House to punish one of its
members for disorderly behavior, not in violating
its own rules, but in violating the rules of the
Senate.
But it is said the gentleman from South Caro-
lina has been guiny of a breach of the privileges
of a Senator, by assaulting him for words spoken
in debate. I will not stop to inquire how this
House gets to be the vindicator of the privi-
leges of Senators. Let it be assumed that we
have the power and right to inflict the pun-
ishment the Senate might inflict on a stranger:
I hold it to be clear that the Senate could not
punish a mere stranger for an admitted infringe-
ment of the privileges of one of its body. Who
made the Senate the judges and law-givers as to
the extent and nature of the privileges of its indi-
vidual members, and the Arbitrary potentate to
declare and inflict the most appalling punishment
for real or fancied encroachments on the dignity
or privileges of one of its members, and to strike
down a citizen for an act, not against the body,
but against a single, and perhaps unworthy, mem-
ber of it, which act was not previously known or
believed to be criminal? Has anybofly ever be-
fore suspected the existence in the Government
of two such formidable and despotic bodies as
such a doctrine would make the Senate and House
of Representatives ? Whence is such a monstrous
power derived ? An act which has received the
sanction of the Senate, of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and of the President, and, under all
the forms prescribed by the Constitution, has be-
come the law of the land, may, on the appeal of
the humblest citizen of the Republic, be declared
by the Supreme Court null and void. Yet it is
declared that one of these branches of the legisla-
tive department—all three of which must concur,
in order to make a law—may strike down a citi-
zen, deprive him of his fair name, and, for the
time being, disfranchise one hundred thousand
people, without law, without trial; and without
the possibility of his appealing for protection ~nd
redress to the courts of the country. It is to de-
clare the extent of its privileges, (not of its rights
under a law,) pass upon an alleged infringement,
prescribe the punishment, and execute its own
decree, and the citizen who is made the victim of
this arbitrary and despotic exercise of power, is
not allowed such an appeal to the courts as is
guarantied alike to the highest offender and the
smallest petty larceny criminal. The gentleman
from South Carolina, who is arraigned, denies
your jurisdiction. A large number of your own
body deny it. Yet if two thirds of the body so
vote, the gentleman will be expelled from his seat.
If he is thus expelled, to what tribunal can he
appeal? By what process known to the law can
he bring himself and you before the courts, to
test the legality of this extraordinary power you
assume to exercise? You know that there is
none, and that, in thus expounding your own
privileges, and punishing for their infringement,
you are acting arbitrarily and without responsi-
bility, and depriving him of the dearest right of
a freeman—the right to be protected by the law.
I deny the existence of such a monstrous power,
£nd protest against its exercise.
Let us see from what portion of the Constitu-
tion this power is supposed to emanate. The first
clause of section six, article one,' of the Constitu-
tion, is as follows:
" The Senators and Representatives shall receive a com-
pensation for their services, to be ascertained by law, and
paid out of the Treasury of the United States. They shall
in all cases, except treason, fplony, and breach of the
peace, be privileged from awest during their attendance at
tiie session of their respective Houses, and in going to and
returning from the same; and for any speech or debate in
either ^ouse, they shall not be questioned in any other
place."
Now, the first remark I wish to make on this
clause is, that I differ from the opinion expressed
by some of my friends, that members of Congress
are entitle'd to no more privileges than other citi-
zens. I think it just as clear that this clause
intended to provide for our enjoying privileges,
(not for our individual benefit, but for high public i
purposes,) as that it intended to provide for our j
having compensation for our services. But that
it was no more intended that each House should '
judge of the privileges of its own members, and
protect and guard them, than it was that each
House should have the right to order the com-
pensation of its members to be paid out of the
Treasury without the concurrence of the other
House and the President. Indeed, if one House
can secure and guard the privileges of its mem-
bers, it must necessarily Tiave the power also to
secure to them their compensation; for privileges
and compensation are provided for by the same
clause and paragraph, are analogous in their
nature, and are conferred by the same language—
the only difference being that the amount of com-
| pensation is left to the discretion of Congress,
whilst privileges shall not be extended beyond
the specified limits. Under this clause, Congress
passed a law, in 1818, fixing, or " ascertaining,"
the compensation of members at eight dollars per
diem; but, under that law, we cannot go to the
Treasury anil draw oyr compensation. It estab-
lishes our right to eight dollars per day; and it is
i a right without a remedy until Congress passes
, a law appropriating money to pay us. So, the
i latter sentence of the paragraph may, proprio
vigore, confer on members certain privileges, but,
until Congress—the President, Senate, and House
of Representatives—pass a law protecting us in
| the enjoyment of those privileges, by pointing
out the tribunals to .try, and specifying the pun-
ishments to be inflicted, we at best have but a
naked right without a remedy. There is not
only no power inherent in each House to enforce
the privileges of its members, but, if Congress
was to pass a law, as it is its duty to do, provid-
ing remedies against their infringement, such law
could not constitute each House the tribunal
before which they should be brought, because
i " The judicial power of the United States shall
be vested in one Supreme Court, and in such infe-
( rior courts as the Congress may, from time to
time, ordain and establish." And the legislative
department cannot constitute itself, nor either of
its component parts, an infty-ior court.
Here I must be permitted to say that, in my
opinion, no court would ever decidethat vitupera-
tiofl, scurrility, abuse, such as provoked the as-
sault in the case now under consideration, is
"debate," entitled to be protected under that
clause of the Constitution.
The view I here present, that neither House
can interpose, and vindicate the privileges of its
members, is greatly strengthened by the position
in which we find the clause in regard.to privi-
leges ; and in construing an instrument arranged
with such perfect order and system as ia the
Constitution of the United States, an argument
j may be drawn from the position in which a clause
stands, almost as convincing to me as an argu-
I ment dtawn from the phraseology, and even more
| convincing than one based on obscuie anddoubt-
j ful phraseology.
i As section five, article one, to which I have be-
fore referred, is devoted exclusively to defining
the powers and duties of eacn House, acting as a
House, but separately froii. the other House, so
section six of same article Is devoted exclusively
to defining the rights, duties, and restrictions on
individual members. No single line of section
six professes to confer power on " each House,"
whilst every single l.ne of section five does ex-
plicitly comer power, or deny power, to " each
House." Moreover, you may search through
the whole Constitution, and you will not find
one line professedly conferring power on " each
House," except in section five. Now, tell me if
you can, why these privileges, if they were mat-
ters to be looked after by each House, were not
placed in section five, along with the strictly
analogougsubjects treated of in that section, but
were placed along with the compensation of mem-
bers in a different section ?
No one can examine these two sections with-
out being convinced that, whilst each House is
authorized ta protect itself against interruption
of its current proceedings, adjourn, compel th«
attendance of absent members, keep its own jour-
nal, and, in aJl matters, regulate its internal
police, so to speak, yet the authority of Con-
gress should be required to assure to -members
their compensation, and the enjoyment of the
privileges conferred on them, not for their own
benefit, but for the public good.
