918
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 12,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Granger, Mr. Woodruff, Mr. Hickman. Ho. of Reps.
Perhaps the highest authority that could be
presented on this subject, is to be found in Jeffer-
son's Manual, page 53. I give it:
" It was probably from this view of the encroaching char-
acter of privilege, tliat the framers of our Constitution, in
their care to provide that the laws shall bind equally on all,
and especially that those who make them shall not exempt
themselves from their operation, have only privileged' Sen-
aiorsaml Representatives' themselves from the single act of
' arrest in all cases except treason, felony, and breach of the
peace, during their attendance at the session of their respec-
tive Houses, anil in going to and returning from the same,
and from being questioned in any other place for any speech
or debate >n either House.' (Constitution United States,
article one, section six.) Under the general authority ' to
make all laws necessary and proper for carrying into execu
tion the powers given them,' (Constitution United States,
article two, section eight,) they may provide by law the
details which may be necessary for giving full effect to the
enjoyment of this privilege. No such law being as yet made,
it seems at present to stand on the following ground."
I also refer to the strong and pointed language
on the subject at pages 56 and 57 of the Manual.
He then goes on to enumerate four classes of
cases, in which the member himself may plead
his privilege, and claim a discharge from an arrest,
and even sue the officer arresting him; but he men-
tions no case in which the House of which he is
a member, or any other body but the member
himself, can plead it either in prosecution or in
avoidance. It is purely a personal privilege,
and can only be availed of by the member, to
protect himself, until Congress passes a law
attaching pains and penalties to its violation.
Mr. GRANGER. Sir, I did intend to'have
given a silent vote on this occasion, and .vas in
hopes the question might have been taken with-
out debate, but, as that has not been thought best,
I will occupy your attention a short time.
In the first place, as to the power of the House.
That question, 1 take it, sir, the Constitution
settles in short order. It appears to me it only
needs be read to satisfy any one, lawyer or lay-
man. And here it is, sir:
" Bach House may determine the rules of its proceedings,
punish its members for disorderly behavior, and, with the
concurrence of two thirds, expel a member."
Yes, sir, punish its members for disorderly
conduct, and, with the concurrence of two thirds,
expel a member.
And now sir, for the offense. Have the gentle-
men now on trial been guilty of "disorderly beha-
vior?" They have been guilty, either as principal
or abettors of an assault of a very violent charac-
ter on a member of the Senate for words spoken
in debate, when in uttering those words the Sen-
ator made not the slightest allusion to either of
them. They have done it in violation of the Con-
stitution they have sworn to support, and which
was intended by the people to secure the inde-
pendence and protection or their Representatives.
Her", again, the Constitution is explicit, and can-
not be misunderstood. It reads as follows:
"And for any speech or debate in either House they shall
not be questioned in any other place."
For any speech or debate they shall not be ac-
countable anywhere, or to any body. Now, sir,
has that constitutional protection been violated?
Has that shield been broken ? Sir, there can be
but one answer. It has been done, and in a highly
aggravated and disgraceful manner. Sir, the ;
gentleman from South Carolina, with his body
guards and sentinels set, approached his unsus- :
pecting victim, and, ere he had time to raise a
finger, with a dangerous weapon struck the Sen-
ator blind And senseless, and with rapid and re-
peated blows laid him bleeding and motionless at
his feet—(sir, I wish I might be contradicted in
what I am now to say)—and with a vengeance
more than mortal, he stooped to repeat the cruel
blows, until some friendly hand came to the res-
cue, and most likely saved the lives of both.
Sir, there lay the prostrate giant, giant in mental
power, and in courage and personal strength
equal to a host. Could he have been but allowed
to have raised his unbroken head, and straight-
ened his good right arm, he would have cleared
the coop, though his guilty assailants were legion.
Then the battle would have been to the strong, and
the race to the swift, feir, the tune would have
been changed. The chivalry would have broke
out in strains not unknown: ,
" Hark! from the toombt a doleful sound!"
Sir, these portentous words would also have
served for a more extensive applicability. They
would have been appropriate to the fall campaign;
for Buchanan's political funeral dirge; and com-
ing from the slavery-extension chivalry of the
South, they would have formed an appropriate
chant for their few surviving dough-face brethren
of the North.
Sir, while I believe it a duty we owe to all
' parties concerned—to ourselves, individually—
to the honor of this House, and the character of
the country, to meet this question fairly, man-
fully, apd with a full sense of our obligations, I
| cannot avoid the reflection, that the crime is not
so much the fault or misfortune of the gentleman
implicated, as it is attributable to the existence
and baneful influence of slavery. Slavery, sir,
is the cause of all our national calamities—the i
' source of the mountain-like dangers that surround j
us on every side—that disturbs our councils, and
dishonors our fair name—that blockades our
rivers, disperses legislative bodies with the bay-
onet—that burns our towns, sacks our villages,
and makes Kansas the seat of a bloody civil war
! —that strikes down the liberty of speech in
1 States and Territories, and strikes at it in the
Capitol—that tramples under foot the Consti-
tution at every step it takes—demoralizes the
national judiciary—destroys God-given rights—
rights as inalienable as the right to breathe the
circumambient air—threatens the very existence
of the Union, and is the mother of all political
mischief!
Mr. WOODRUFF. Mr. Speaker, this House
has deliberated already too long on these resolu-
tions. They should have passed promptly and
by acclamation. The exigency of the adjourn-
ment, and the pressure of public business, may
perhaps partially excuse the delay; but we now
owe it to ourselves to act with a becoming bold-
ness, and with such vigor, as shall redeem this
House from imputations injurious to itself and to
the country. Will not this Hall, with too much
reason, continue to be characterized as a " Cham-
ber of assassins," if we do not now unite to re-
buke and emphatically condemn this monstrous
violation of all honor and decency ? The country
demands action, and the times are hotforsome ex-
piation of dastardly and brutal outrages, whether
committed in the Capitol or on the plains of Kan-
sas.
If there it not spirit or manliness enough here
to promptly purge this body by proper and con-
stitutional means, at all ev<:nt3 let a trial be made;
let the vote come. We shall then know who dare
screen audacity or give countenance to crime. j
There is in this case no middle ground between
submission to violence that excites and will in-
augurate the very spirit of war, and the prompt
expulsion of one no longer fit to be a member of j
this body. ]
Let northern men especially, who wish to vote
against these resolutions be allowed to inscribe
their names, as soon as may be, in favor of this :
outrage upon the freedom of speech; and if it be
not met with a whirlwind of indignation and con-
tempt by their constituents, that will sweep them
from public life, I have yet to know of what ma-
terial they are made.
Let southern men deliberately justify, and, by
their votes, applaud this thing. It will ring
trumpet-tongued in shame to future generations, j
It shall be placed high on that dark catalogue
where stands recorded the unavenged murders
of Lovejoy, and Dow, and Barber, and Brown;,
where stand recorded countless crimes and in- ,
dignities, perpetrated upon all ages, sexes, and j
conditions, from that in which the aged and ven-
erable judge who, in obedience to the voice of !
Massachusetts, went to Charleston to test a 1
question of constitutional law, and was driven
from its streets, to those sustained by the humbler
men and women, whose persona and property
and lives have long been shamefully and sys-
tematically outraged and destroyed.
If no expiation shall now be made, they shall,
at all events, stand there lighted to the end of
time by the lurid glare of burning Lawrence, the
blood-red flag of a blood-stained State, fitly
designating the leading perpetrators and their
shameful work; and if violence shall be fairly
inaugurated, think you the recollection of these i
things will calm excited passions and cause more
forbearance to a ruinous and hated institution?
I have never before trespassed for one moment
upon the time of the House; but, with a unani-
mous, enlightened, and patriotic constituency, I
look with deep anxiety for action on these reso-
lutions.
For myself, I wish to have it practically de-
cided, whether parliamentary law and the Consti-
tution are any longer to be enforced and main-
tained on the floor of Congress, or whether we
have already and inevitably come to the law of
the bludgeon?
I court no disturbance; but the privileges of
this House shall not, so far as I am concerned, be
infringed. With an endeavor and design always
to cultivate courtesy, 1 shall not hesitate here in
my place, or elsewhere, to freely characterize as
they deserve any lofty assumptions of arrogance,
or any mean achievements of cowardice.
I say again, let the vote come, and if honor-
able gentlemen cannot wholly rid themselves of
an unwelcome presence, they can at least show
their appreciation of an action wanting few of
the elements of the most audacious crime, and
of a spirit equal to deeds that I will not name.
I hold in my hand the resolutions on this sub-
ject passed by the Legislature of the State of Con-
necticut, which I will read:
Whereas, a Senator of the United States has been assailed
with brutal and cowardly violence on the floor of the Senate
Chamber in the national Capitol, and gross injuries indicted
upon his person, avowedly as a punishment for words
spoken in die ordinary course of debaw; Therefore
Resolved by this Assembly, That the outrage thus com-
mitted is at once a crime against law, a flagrant violation
of the Constitution, a breach of the privileges of Congress,
and a disgrace to the national reputation.
Resolved, That the perpetrator thereof should immedi-
ately be expelled from lus seat in the House of Representa-
tives in the present Congress, and the members thereof from
this ytate are requested to use their most earnest efforts
to accomplish that result.
Resolved, That on this occasion Conneclicut sends to
Massachusetts fraternal erecting. As our fathers stood
side by side at Bunker Hill, when the great conflict for
civil and political liberty began, so will their sons stand
in the assertion and defense of freedom for thought and
speech.
Resolved, That his excellency the Governor be requested
to transmit immediately a copy of the foregoing preamble
and resolutions to the Governor of Massachusetts, to be
laid before the Legislature of that State, now in session,
and a like copy to each of our Senators and Representa-
tives in Congress.
Mr. Speaker, these resolutions, which I fully
indorse, are from the State which I have the honor
in part to represent, and which furnished more
men than any other State of the Union, save Mas-
sachusetts, to fight the battles of the Revolution.
Her gallant sons left their plows in the furrows,
and tlieir flocks and herds in the fields, and gath-
ered in their work-day garments to seek a stern
redress for the wrongs inflicted on them by the
haughty monarch of England. They dyed those
garments in their own blood, and left their bones
to bleach on the plains of South Carolina, and
upon the soil of nearly every battle-field of the Rev-
olution. They were true men; and though badly
equipped and poorly paid, they did what they
went out to do—they conquered. The names of
her heroes are household words at every patriotic
hearthstone in the land, and are but other names
for " liberty or death."
And let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, that the spirit
of true courage in Connecticut still lives. Her
sons have not forgetten that they fought on south-
ern as well as northern soil; they have fulfilled
all their obligations to their southern brethren.
They have done more—they have borne reproach
and insult. They have seen a Senator from a sister
State stricken down in his seat in the Senate
Chamber by the hand of violence: that hand was
the hand of South Carolina. Her people have
indorsed the act and made it their own.
It is now for Massachusetts to determine how
and when she will return the blow. I only wish
to say, that when that blow comes, Connecticut,
as in the days when she stood " side by side and
shoulder to shoulder" in the Revolution, will
strike with her.
Mr. HICKMAN* Mr. Speaker, it has been
my intention, throughout this discussion, to con-
tent myself by expressing the opinion I entertain*
upon the question before the House, by the rote
which I shall give; and I should have persevered
