1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
913
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Savage.
Ho. of Reps.
In this determination but for the doctrine just
advanced by my colleague, [Mr. Cadw.vla.der,]
who represents it district adjoining my own.
This doctrine is so singular for a lawyer, and so
unsound in itself, that I feel I should do injustice
to myself, and those whom I represent, were I to
remain silent. I shall consume but little time,
however, by my remarks, as 1 am unwilling to
protract the debate.
If I do not misunderstand the honorable gen-
tleman, he admits the jurisdiction of this body to
punish Mr. Brooks, but denies the propriety of
punishment, upon the ground that the language
of Mr. Sumner justified the assault made upon
him.
Mr. CADWALADER. No, sir.
Mr. HICKMAN. He certainly does say,
substantially, that punishment is not deserved,
and should not be inflicted, because the speech
of Mr. Sumner was calculated to provoke the at-
tack—in short, becanse it did not square with the
views of his assailant. I must be pardoned for
protesting against this latter conclusion. It is
warranted neither by the law, nor by the conse-
quences its adoption in practice would be likely
to entail upon society. "Whilst I regret that the
honorable gentleman referred to entertains such
an opinion, I regret still more that he has ex-
pressed it here. I am glad, however, to be able
to declare that it is peculiar to himself, and has
no place in any community in Pennsylvania that
I am aware of.
It is admitted—in truth it cannot be denied, that
an assault and battery, of a most aggravated char-
acter, has been committed by a member of this
House upon a Senator of the United States dur-
ing the session of Congress, for words spoken in
debate. I contend that this act is deserving of
the severest punishment indicated by the Consti-
tution, for the following reasons:
First. Because it was a breach of the privi-
leges of the Senate; and
Secondly. Because it was a direct attack upon
the constitutional powers and the very life «f
this House.
The first ground upon which I rest the neces-
sity of punishment has been decided by the proper !
tribunal—the Senate of the United States. They I
have complained to us of this breach of their
privileges—have declared their inability to punish
it, and that it can only be punished by the House
of Representatives. I make, the following ex-
tract from the report of the select committee of' i
the Senate: II
" But while it is the opinion of the committee that this j
ajsault was a breach of the privileges of the Senate, tliey ! i
also think that it is not within the jurisdiction of the 8ea- 1!
ate, and can only be punished by the House of Represent*- |
ti?es, of which Mr. Brooks is a member." 1 i
Upon the second ground I have mentioned, I ! \
will refer the House to the latter part of the first
clause of the fifth section of the first article of the
Conrtitution. It reads thus:" But a smaller num-
ber " (than a quorum of each House) " may ad-
journ from day to day, and may be authorized to
comptl the attendance of abttnl members in such man-
ner, gad under luch penalties, as each House may
provide." . In accordance with this provision of
the Constitution, the 63d, 63d, 64th, 65th, and I
66th rules of the House of Representatives have
been framed. They are as follows:
"62. Upon calls of the House, or in taking the yeas and
nays on any question, the names of the members shall be
called alphabetically.
63. Upon the call of the House, the names of the mem-
bers shall be called over by the Clerk, and the absentees
noted; after which, the names of the absentees shall again be
called over, the doors shall then be shut,and those for whom
■o excuse or insufficient excuses are made may, by order
of those present, if fifteen in number, be taken into custody
as they appear, or may be sent for and taken into custody,
wherever to be found, by special messengers to be appointed
for this purpose.
"■64. When a member shall b« discharged from custody,
and admitted to his seat, the House shall determine whether
such discharge shall be with or without paying fees; and in
like manner whether a delinquent member, taken into cus-
tody by a special messenger, shall or shall not be liable to
defray the expense of such special messenger.
"65. Any fifteen members (including the Speaker, if
•litre be one) shall be authorized to compel the attendance
or absent members.
. "**• No member shall absent himself from the service of
the House, unless he have leave, or be sick, or unable to
attend."
Thus each House of Congress, under the Con-
stitution, is authorized to make rules to compel,
New Sebies—No. 58.
under penalties, the attendance of absent mem-
bers; and the House of Representatives foas
adopted its rules, those cited, for that purpose.
This power, conferred by the Constitution, is a
necessary one. It is necessary to the working
powers of each House of Congress—to the very
life of each House. Without the power to com-
pel the attendance of a quorum, a majority in
either House, by absenting themselves, could at
any moment utterly destroy the vitality of the
body, and prevent legislation.
It is scarcely necessary for me to say that, under
the Constitution and the law of this House, as
it stands, no member has a right to put it out of
the power of the House to compel his attendance.
If he does so, he should be punished for it. It
would clearly be " disorderly conduct," within
the meaning of the Constitution, for which pun-
ishment, even to expulsion, is provided by that
instrument.
Sir, a member who commits an assault, or
otherwise violates the criminal law of his coun-
try, loses the control of his person, and this
House loses it: he puts himself within the cus-
tody of the law, and is subject to imprisonment
at any moment. In this respect did Mr. Brooks ,
by his assault, strike at the very life of this
House. Had the attack been made upon a
stranger even, the offense would have been inex-
cusable. The fact that it was upon a Senator is,
in the light in which I have viewed it, simply a
matter of great aggravation, and should but ren-
der the punishment more certain and severe.
I shall feel it my duty, Mr. Speaker, for the
reasons I have stated, and for others already
urged, to vote for the resolution of expulsion.
Had the offense been committed upon a beggar,
for words spoken in the highway, I should believe
it to be our duty to punish; but when the attack
is made upon the person of a representative of a
sovereign State, upon the floor of the United
States Senate, and for words privileged under the
highest law, I will vote for imposing the severest
penalty, believing that by so acting l do but mani-
fest a proper regard for law, for order, and for the
character of my country.
Mr. SAVAGE said: Mr. Speaker, the sh#rt
space of fifteen minutes will prevent me from pur-
suing the line of argument I had intended, by
touching on the general questions discussed in
this debate. I have no time to define policies or
elucidate principles, but shall confine the little
that I do say to the fi\pts and merits of the
case.
An4 what is It with which the member from
South Carolina stands charged? After all, say
what we will, do what we may, it is nothing but
an assault and battery—the most common and the
least degrading of all the offenses known to the
criminal code.
I maintain these three propositions: first, what-
over offense has been committed Lthis House has
no jurisdiction over it; second, if Mr. Sumner has
been badly beaten, he did not get a lick more than
he richly deserved; and last, although the mem-
ber from South Carolina may have violated the
letter of the law by a breach of the peace, yet, of
all the culprits that ever stood charged before a
tribunal,'he is the most excusable; and, instead
of deserving punishment, merits your highest
commendation.
A word as to your power to punish this offense
—for i must protest against this first step in the
path of tyranny which you are attempting to take.
You do not pretend that you have any " rule of
action" known and prescribed.by " the supreme
power" to govern you in this case; but you say
that the law of his condemnation is your discre-
tion, hidden and confined in your own bosoms,
which no mortal man must know until the destroy-
ing edict is ready to blast him. Sir, where law
ends tyranny begins; discretion is the unlimited
rule of your own will, is contrary to the spirit and
genius of American institutions, and is not ad-
mitted as a rule of action in England, nor in any
court upon the American continent. The courts
of chancery have no such doctrine, an old law-
writer remarking that you might as well make the
rule of justice the length of the chancellor's foot
as the uncontrolled discretion of his conscience.
If you have power to punish offenses commit-
ted outside of this House, it is an unlimited pow-
er, extending to moral as well as criminal deeds,
embracing all punishment from a petty fine to the
penalty of death. Your feet are in the pathway of
blood. You are grasping at a power as absolute,
as dangerous, as unlimited and undefined, as the
basest despot ever yet exercised. If my life, lib-
.erty, and reputation are to be destroyed, what
matters it to me whether by the decree of a sin-
gle czar or emperor, or the edict of a hundred
tyrants in the shape of Black-Republican mem-
bers of Congress urged on to lawless violence by
party zeal ?
Your course will be progressive. Take this
step, and you are bound to go further. The ten-
j ure by which you now hold your positions on
! this floor is falsehood, calumny, and slander. To
| triumph over men better than yourselves, and as-
cend to these high places, you have assailed by
these base, corrupt, and infnmous instrumentali-
ties, the constitutional rights, domestic institu-
tions, peace and safety of the whole southern
people. To maintain your places h«re you are
now required to wound their sensibilities and de-
stroy their character; but in the days of your
progress other men worse even than you will
grow up under your own culture, and tread you
down; for they will be ready to go further than
you, and dip their hands in innocent blood, and
. your precedent of this day will be their authority.
I dare the majority here to embody in a law
the principle upon which they asstime to act in
their malice towards the member from South Car-
olina. They know, if brought forward so that
the people can see its true character, they will
do'om it and its authors to keep company, in all
time to come, with the dead bodies of the sedition
I law and Federalism; yes, sir, and with another
odious law of the British Parliament creating the
offense of scandalum magnotum; by which words,
when spoken of a peer, or other great man of the
i realm, were punished with extraordinary penal -
j ties, although harmless if uttered of a private cit-
izen. And have we in this Republic privileged
classes? And is it necessary to screen guilty mem-
bers of Congress from the punishment that ought
to be inflicted upon the slanderer and assassin of
private character, that we should create by con-
struction the offense of grand assault and battery ?
Must tthere be one law for the proud Senator,
j another for the humble citizen ?
| _ Sir, the Senator who will give to every man
| his due, and use the freedom of speech so as to
injure no one else, will .never be assaulted; but
Mr. Sumner prostituted his high position—made
it a cloak for the utterance of malice, falsehood,
and slander. He got a good whipping, as he
deserved, and what some of you on this floor
ought to have. Perhaps some gentlemen may
think I merit the same thing; but I hope they
! will not come to any such conclusion, as I am not
a fighting man.
1 have examined the speech of the Massachu-
setts Senatorappended to the minority report, and
I say boldly that for vulgarity, malice, falsehood,
slander, ana literary thieving, it has no parallel
in any age or any nation. All southern society
is assailed by tne foulest charges; men in all
ranks, from the President to the western pioneer,
are characterized in the rudest manner by the
I grossest epithets; even the gallant dead of his
own State does not escape his file tongue. Har-
lot, crime, usurpation,.swindle, oligarchy, slave
power, Thugs, and assassins, and other kindred
terms, are common words in this odious produc-
j tion to characterize his adversaries. As a matter
of course, he introduced " the weird sisters." I
| imagine he could not make a speech without the
' use of som%such hackneyedphrases; but, in my
opinion, it was a most fit occasion—for if evtfr
there was a hell-broth of all that is vile and hate-
ful beneath the sun, upon which hags and fiends
only ought to feed, that compound was then flow-
ing from the Senator's-lips. If northern gentle-
men fancy such an entertainment, I envy not
their taste; and it is understood that there are
those on this floor who admire the purity of its
language and the nobility of its sentiments.
Sir, these words and sentiments are not the pro-
duction of a pure, a brave, or a generous soul,
nor of a baa man with redeeming traits; they
indicate a nature and heart as corrupt as Satan-—
