-914
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GIX)BE.
[July 12,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Savage, Mr. Oliver of New York.
Ho. of Reps.
one whose thoughts are all evil; and no matter
how well the artful hypocrite may have conducted
the " outer man," and guarded h is character before
the world, those who judge the tree by its fruit
know full well that night and solitude are per-
petual witnesses to his abasement. " ]
It was General Jackson's maxim," that he that j
can wantonly outrage the feelings of another—
can intend wrong where none is due—is capable
of any crime, however detestable in its nature,
and will not fail to commit it whenever it may be
imposed by necessity." What, then, ought to
be the punishment of Somner, who, with a heart
overflowing with malice, and fatally bent on mis-
chief—dishonoring the high commission which
had been given him by a confiding State—with
false charges and gross epithets slanders the
people of fifteen States of this Union—men and
women, infancy, old age, the living and the dead
 all alike ? Not only did he deserve what he
received, but every honest hand on earth ought
to have a whip to scourge the villain around the
world.
You cartnot do whatever you please in the name
of liberty. Your natural right is restrained by
civil law. Nor will the liberty of speech iustify
the utterance of falsehood, calumny, and slander;
such offenses are pursued by the public law and
the private avenger. Where falsehood and slander
begin, the freedom of speech ends.
Other men have rights as well as Sumner,
which are natural, inherent, and inalienable.
Such are life", personal security, and private prop-
erty. These no law can limit, or prevent men
from defending. Personal security includes rep-
utation. The character is protected by the same
law that guards the body. Sumner, then, was
the original aggressor; by his falsehood and slan-
der he attacked the natural and inalienable rights
of every man, woman, and child in the South.
Every law-book warned him that such a course
led to bloodshed and breaches of the peace; and
now, when misfortunes come, he endeavors to
shift the certain consequences of his own guilty
deed to the head of him whose only fault, if any
can be imputed, is that he yielded too readily to
the promptings of a generous nature.
I am not here to deny that Colonel Brooks vio-
lated the law of the land by the assault which he
committed; and so did General Jackson at New
Orleans, when he arrested the person of a bad
judge, who was abusing the power conferred by
his high office for base purposes, and to the in-
jury of the country, as Senator Sumner did his.
But the member has quietly submitted at the bar
of your justice, and fully an wered and atoned
to th© violated law of his country; and yet you
seek to punish him a second time for the same
offense.
If you expel the member from South Carolina,
your verdict announces to the world that his
presence here is incompatible with the dignity
and safety of the American people, and the cor-
rect deliberations of this legislative body. Every
man of yoy knows that such a record would be
false, and yet you will not pause. I should as
soon expect justice from the fiends of the infernal
world as fronj a reckless crew of desperate poli-
ticians, driven on by mad ambition in the pursuit
of lawless power.
What is it that shakes the people of this con-
tinent as with ^he power of a tempest or an
earthquake; that threatens to overturn your Gov-
ernment; that is more dreaded by patriots every-
where than pestilence, famine, or foreign war;
that has fattened and grown great in legislative
chambers, and now, from this Capitol, blows his
foul breath upon our people to our remotest bor-
ders, arousing them to madness, civil war, and
ruin ? It is the political standei%. Colonel
Brooks attacked the dangerous monster in one
of the strongholds of his power; he did not, as
the member [Mr. Comins] from Massachusetts
Bays, " beat freedom over the head." It was
licentiousness, slander, 4nd treason, that he as-
saulted. He periled life, liberty, honor, and all
that was dear to him, in a battle with a monster
more dangerous to the interests of mankind than
all the fabled terrors of antiquity, and he de-
serves more than the honors awarded to St.
George and Hercules. Rather than punishment,
you ought to build him a statue in memory of
the gallant deed. To call Sumner's mouth the !
Augean stable would be no great extravagance J
of1 speech. If it were a grand sepulchre, into j
which the dead of his much-loved African race, j
had been cast for a thousand years, it could not
contain or produce a more disgusting abomina-
tion than this loathsome speech.
It is time this universal system of slander
should cease to be the means by which some
men rise to high station. My constituents, in ;
common with the whole South, have been abused ,
and traduced; and whenever I can get the floor, :
upon a proper occasion, I intend to have a settle- !
ment. Those northern gentlemen who hope to j
build up their political power by pouring out !
calumny and abuse upon the people of my State J
shall have a good time of it. Not that I will
retaliate by abusing their constituents, who are ;
my fellow-citizens, but the unworthy members
who descend'to t^hese base means shall be de-
nounced as they deserve; and, if they can beat
me in this war of bitter words, or any other
kind, I shall not complain, and it will be the
business of my constituents to get somebody else
to represent them.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York. To the reader of
constitutional history, who has learned how much
the liberties and greatness of a people are attribut-
able to the privileges of its high legislative assem-
blies, it will not be necessary to enter upon alength-
ened argument to show how deeply important is the
question which now e%ages the attention of this
House. All the recollections of the struggles for
freedom in the land from which we have descended,
and our own revolutionary struggle, will stimulate
us to earnest watchfulness for the protection of
the bulwark of freedom from both despotism and
anarchy. Freedom of speech in the halls of legis-
lation is necessary to the continuance of free insti-
tutions, and the personal freedom of the member
is essential to the whole. Acting on well-estab-
lished principles, the Senate has not attempted
to try the member from South Carolina [Mr.
Brooks] for an offense committed in the Senate
Chamber; but has sent the case to this House for
adjudication. Were it otherwise, in troublous
times—and such may come—the despotism of one
Souse might invade the liberties of the other.
It is, however, with some concern, Mr. Speaker,
that I have heard gentlemen call in question the
power Of this House to try. If that be true,
while we guard against the despotism of the
other branches of the Government, we fling the
rein to anarchy, and run riot ourselves. Such a
position is inconsistent with the instincts of our
nature; it is irreconcilable with the charter of our
liberties. '
" Each House may determine the rules of its proceed-
ings, punish its members for disorderly behavior, and,
' with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a member."
! This provision is clear and explicit. It plainly
j gives each House the power to punish its own
i members for disorderly behavior, with the limit-
; ation, that two thirds must concur to expel a
j member. What other construction can be given
to words so plain ? Any other must necessarily
be, not strict and logical, but illiberal and forced.
This clause was very maturely considered by the
framers of the Constitution. It was proposed
, in the Federal Convention to give to a majority
the power to expel, but Mr. Madison held that
" the right of expulsion was too important to be
exercised by a bare majority of a quorum, and
in emergencies might be dangerously abused;"
and he moved the substitution of two thirds for a
majority. Mr. Randolph, Mr. Mason, and Mr.
Carroll, approved of the suggestion, but Mr.
Morris thought the power might be safely trusted
to a majority. "Torequiremore,"hesaid,"may
i produce abuse on the side of the minority. A
few men, from factious motives, may keep in a
member who ought to be expelled." Mr. Mad-
! ison's amendment was adopted with singular
j unanimity, ten States voting on the affirmative
\ and one being divided. Thus it will be seen that
| the Constitution expressly confers upon both
j Houses the entire jurisdiction over its own mem-
bers. There is no limit to this power. It ia
entirely discretionary with the two Houses, and it
must necessarily be so, to accomplish the objects
sought in th« establishment of this body. The
two Houses of Congress and the Executive con-
stitute the three great legislative departments of
the Government. It was the design of the framers
of our Constitution to make them as independent
of each other as possible, and yet to make them
work together. This was a leading and favorite
idea with the framers of all our State constitu-
tions, as well as of our Federal Constitution.
It is objected that this House ought not to
possess this power of expulsion, as its exercise
cannot be reviewed, even in case of abuse. The
same,objection would deprive us of our highest
appellate courts. An ultimatum of power, to a
certain extent, must exist in all bodies, and in
! every Government. There must be some body
having this ultimatum of power. The powers in
our Government are divided by the Constitution,
j and defined explicitly. Neither branch can
exercise powers not expressly given; but each,
! within its constitutional limits, possesses this
ultimatum of power. I might show, by the de-
, cisions of the highest courts of law, both in Eng-
land and in this country, as well as by the most
learned and eminent jurists 6f both countries,
I that this privilege, or power, of the House over
its own members, is clear and certain, and well-
defined, and not uncertain, doubtful, and unde-
fined; and that the power to punish is not only
not uncertain, but as well established, and as well
known, to every legislative body, as any portion
of the constitution under which that body is
organized.
I do not claim this power from the lex parlia-
mentaria, but from the Constitution itself. Nor do
I claim that the lex parliamentaria of the British
Constitution is a part of the lex terre of this coun-
try as it is in England. I entirely concur in the
opinion expressed by the honorable gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,] that the lex
parliamentaria has no fore® in this body unless
made so by our rules. This House—the two
Houses act, and act only by authority of the
Constitution, with limited and specific powers.
When it goes beyond this written charter it acts
"Without authority, and its acts are therefore void.
I go with that gentleman and all others who
maintain that that instrument ought to be strictly
and not liberally construed. But, sir, this House
—both Houses, the executive, the judiciary, and
many minor departments of the Gove rnment, have
in certain cases discretionary po.wer, and in those
cases they possess the ultimatum of power, and
must from necessity possess it.
1 have not gone into the question of the power
of this, or of the other House, to punish for con-
tempts committed by others than its own meni-
; bers, in or out of its immediate presence. Nor
do I intend to do so, further than to direct atten-
tion to an observation made by Mr. Madison in
the Federal Convention when this subject was
under consideration in that body. Mr. Pinck-
ney submitted this, amongst other propositions,
i for the consideration of the convention:
| " Each House shall be the judge of its own privileges, and
: shall have authority to punish by imprisonment every per-
son violating the same, or who, in the place Sphere the Le-
gislature may be sitting, and during the time of its session,
shall threaten any of its members for anything said or done
in the House; or who shall assault any of them therefor; or
, who shall assault or arrest any witness, or other person, or-
; dered to attend either of the Houses, in his way going or
< returning; or who shall rescue any person arrested by their
i order."
! But when this subject came up for considera-
tion, Mr. Madison objected, distinguishing " be-
tween the power of judging of privileges previ-
ously and duly established, and the effect of the
motion which would give to each House a dis-
cretion as to the extent of its own privileges. He
suggested that it would be better to make provis-
ion for ascertaining by law the privileges of each
House, than to allow each House to decide for
■! itself." Now, Mr. Madison draws a broad dis-
j tinction between the privileges of Senators and
1 Representatives defined in the Constitution, and
those privileges which Mr. Pinckney proposed
to confer upon each House. Mark Mr. Madi-
son's language: " previously and duly established,
and the effect of the motion.' \Vhy, sir, the
privilege claimed here—the power of the House
over its own members—is as clearly and distinctly
defined, as human language can define it. The
power to punish its own members, in its diacre-
