916
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July l£,
34th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Oliver, of New Yorlc.
ifb.
of Reps.
censure of the House itself) for or concerning any bill,
■peaking, reasoning, or declaring of any matter or matters
touching the Parliament or Parliament business; and that
if any of the said member* be complained of and questioned
for anything said or done in Parliament, the same is to be
shown to the King, by the advice and assent of all the
Commons assembled in Parliament, before the King give
credence to any private information."
Hatsell well remarks, that this " will forever
remain a memorial of the true spirit of the. great
leaders of that House of Commons, firm in oppo-
sition to the attempts of an arbitrary monarch
wishing to trample upon the rights and liberties
of the people."
Another instance, still more worthy of note,
and full of instruction, occurred at the time of the
treat Revolution of1688, and just before. Charles
I., after the dissolution of the Oxford Parlia-
ment, determined to rule his kingdom without
any Parliament. To accomplish this the more
readily, he took every means in his power to
lower the credit and authority of Parliament with
the people. As one of the means resorted to by
him, he caused his attorney general, in 1683, to
bring an information against Sir William Wil-
liams, late Speaker of the House of Commons.
This gentleman, when Speaker of the House of
Oommons, had, by its order, published a paper,
called " An information against Thomas Danger-
field." Parts of this paper reflected on the Duke |;
of York. Actions were commenced by Jay and
others, who had been committed by the House,
against Topham, the sergeant, for false imprison-
mnent. The defendant pleaded the jurisdiction of
the court; that what nad been done had been
done by the command of the House, and was not
cognizable elsewhere. The plea was overruled.
In the second of James II., judgment pasSfed
against Sir William Williams. In July, imme-
diately after the Revolution, the House took up
those cases, and summoned before them the sur-
viving judges—Pemberton and Jones—who had
given judgment, overrulingTopham's plea. Inre-
gard to giving judgment, they say " that they did
Hot doubt the authority of the House to commit,
and that they should have held Topham's plea per-
fectly good, if pleaded as a justification; Dut that
they thought it bad as a plea to jurisdiction, be-
cause, if it had been allowed, there would have
been no place where it could have been inquired
•whether the sergeant had exceeded his author-
ity." This was So unsatisfactory to the House?
that it resolved " that the order and proceedings
of this House being pleaded to the jurisdiction
of the court of King's Bench, ought not to Be
overruled." The House committed the judges
into custody, where they remained till the end of
the session—about three months.
The Convention Parliament deemed this act of
such high moment, and so great an infringement
<ipon the privileges of Parliament, that it made it
one of the articles of accusation against James
II., in the declaratory part of the bill of rights.
The eighth article is in these words:
" By causing information to be brought and presented is
the court of King's Bench, for matters and causes cogni-
sable only in Parliament; and by divers other arbitrary and
illegal acts."
The Lords, at first, refused to agree to this,
because, they say, "they do not fully apprehend
■what is meant by it,, nor what instances there
have been of it; which therefore they desire may
be explained, if the House shall think fit to insist
farther on it." The House insisted, but say, in
answer to the Lords, in respect to the liberty of
explaining that matter:
"Resolved, That the words shall stand in this manner:
®y prosecutions in the court of King's Benah, for matters
and causes cognizable only in Parliament, and by divers
other arbitrary and illegal courses.'"
By this amendment the object was made more
clear. That this declaration applies to Sir Wil-
liam Williams's case is clear, when we reflect that
the prosecution was commenced in Charles II.'s
reign, and judgment rendered in James II.'s. No
other cases had occurred during this period When
it had been attempted to question, in the oourts,
these privileges of Parliament.
But to make this object still more clear to the
Lords, the House ordered "that Sir William
Williams b^^ded to the managers of the con-
ference;" an6' on that same day Sir William
Williams reports the conference " that their
lordships had adopted the article in the words as
amended by the Commons." And i'rt the ninth
article of the declaratory part of the bill of rights,
and in answer to their article of grievance, is the
right or the privilege of the subject declared:
"That the privilege of speech and debate, or proceedings
in Parliament, ought not to be impeached or questioned in
any court or place out of Parliament."
Now, sir, there are two things worthy of
notice, which I will merely mention. One of
them is the language of the last clause—" in any
court or place." The language of our Constitu-
tion is, " any place"—evidently intending by the
words "anyplace," every place, whether in court
or out of it.
Sir, the position taken by gentlemen, that their
privileges can only be taken advantage of by plea
in court, is an entire fallacy. The privilege is as
broad as our language can make it, and shields
the member in every place. The other point to
which I have referred, is the occasion upon which
this declaration was made. It was made by the
great Convention Parliament, at the time of the
constitutional settlement at the Revolution which
placed William and Mary on the throne, and
which declared the bill of rights. Thus termin-
ated the great struggle for freedom of speech,
and of debate and proceedings in English parlia-
mentary history, and secured the Parliament of
Great Britain that freedom in its deliberations
■which it now enjoys. This great privilege, or
principle, rests securely as the keystone in the
arch of English constitutional freedom; and should
it ever be destroyed or displaced, the whole fabric
must fall together.
I have referred to these incidents more byway
of illustration, Mr. Speaker, than authority-
more to get at the clear meaning and object of this
clause in our own Constitution, and to show the
great estimation in which it has always been held,
than to claim that the question was settled by pre-
cedent or usage. 1 know too well that, in a great
question like this, involving the natural and con-
stitutional rights of the whole people, usage and
precedent cannot, and ought not, to conclude.
Milium tempus occurrit pcrpulo.
But, sir, to go back again to our own Consti-
tution. That defines this clause clearly and ex-
plicitly, and lays down the limits of these per-
sonal privileges with most sedulous care. Besides,
they were adopted with entire unanimity by the
convention which framed the Federal Constitu-
tion. I can hardly conceive that they can be
otherwise understood by any one who has studied
their history, and their necessity to a free delib-
erative body.
The honorable gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Cobb] the other day asked, where do you obtain
your privilege ? Here it is, in the Constitution
itself: " And for any speech or debate, in either
House, they shall not be questioned in any other
place." But the honorable gentleman says this
only gives protection against prosecutions in the
courts, and not from illegal seizures or detentions
elsewhere. Why, sir, suppose a member kidnaps
his fellow-membef for having spoken in opposi-
tion to a measure before the House, against his
■wishes or interests: would that not be such an
infringement of this constitutional privilege as
would justify the House in using its whole power
to punish this outrage of one member upon the
constitutional rights and privileges of another
member, by expulsion ? I am free to say, sir, that
any House which would not vindicate itself and
the privileges of its members from such outrages,
■would justly merit, and get, 1 believe, the con-
tempt of the people.
But it is asked, with triumph, why should a
member of Congress be privileged to speak and
slander within this body, without thefear of pun-'
ishment elsewhere ? I answer as triumphantly—
and it is a full and perfect answer, too—because
that is necessary to free deliberation; for there
can be no free deliberation without freedom of
speech. It is for this body, and for the other
House, to judge what is slanderous an<J what is
not. If the speech of the Senator [Mr. Sumner]
was a libel, it is for the Senate to punish the
libeler by expulsion or otherwise, under the Con-
stitution, and I doubt not they would have done
bo, had they deemed it libelous. It is not a case
for the courts or for the club; it is for the consid-
eration of one or the other branch of Congress.
I do not contend that this exemption extends to
publication. It only extends to the protection
of freedom of speech in the body itself. That
is to influence the body, not the country. The
officers of the House, perhaps, under another
provision of the Constitution, may be privileged
for publishing speeches, under an order of the
House, as a part of its proceedings; but certainly
a member can have no more right to publish
with impunity a slander, because it has been
delivered here, than if delivered in any other
place. It may fairly be held, I think, that the
debates are a part of the proceedings of the
House, as much so as any other of its doings;
but the member has the right to refuse to have
his speech published, and to conceal what he said
in deoate. In England, it is a contempt of the
House for a member to publish his speech with-
out the authority of the House. Lord Ellenbo-
rough once said: " It is a degradation in any man
to publish a speech delivered by him in Parlia-
ment. '' Lord Ellenborough was evidently an '' old
fogy," I submit to my learned friend, the distin-
guished chairman of the Judiciary Committee,
[Mr. Simmons.]
A distinction has been drawn by some gentle-
men, who s'eek to exculpate the member from
South Carolina, [Mr. Brooks,] between the de-
livery and the publication of the Senator's [Mr.
Sumner's] speech; and thus they seek to excul-
pate him from the charge of an aggression on free-
dom of debate. They allege that the assault was
mad& for the publication, and not for the delivery
of the speech. To my mind the facts are directly
the contrary. The member's [Mr. Brooks] own
declarations were directly the contrary, as I under-
stand them, ltwas forthe speech delivered, and
not for its publication, that tne battery was com-
mitted. I will give the declarations of the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Brooks,] made
at the time, which must settle the question. It is
part of the res gestat of that transaction. This he
gives as his reason for committing the battery,
that his conduct might be precisely understood:
"I have," he said to the Senator just before he
struck him, " I have read your speech carefully,
and with as much ealmness as I could be expected
to read such a speech. Youhave libeled my State,
and slandered my relative, who is aged and absent;
and I feel it to be my duty to punish you for it."
For what? Why, certainly, for the speech, not
for printing and circulating it. But, sir, what-
ever distinction there may be between the utter-
ance and the publication of the speech of the Sen-
ator, [Mr. Sumner,] can make no difference in
the guilt of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Brooks.]
Before I leave this subject I will add one word
in this connection, in relation to the charge that
this speech of the Senator [Mr. Sumner] is libel-
ous. It may be so in the eye of the common-law
lawyer, for the maxim of the old writers on libel,
"the greater the truth the greater the libel,"
is yet a favorite with them; but to the student
of history, to the classical scholar, and to the
orator, it will always be read with mingled emo-
tions of pleasure and surprise, and, perhaps,
by some with regret. • It is a speech of unpar-
alleled severity, and yet parliamentary. In my
judgment it is not as,severe—libelous, if you
please — as some of the letters of the vindictive
Junius, or some of the splendid denunciatory-
passages of Edmund Burke, nor yet of some por-
tions of the renowned philippics of the celebrated
1 orators of antiquity; and it will compare favora-
j bly with any of them. But understand me—I do
' not approve of the temper and tone, nor of some
; of the positions and conclusions of that speech,
i 1 think it would have been better for his fame
| and for his country, if some portions of the hard
; things there said had been omitted. But he hag
' the undoubted right to pronounce that speech;
and as every Senator there present sat in his place
! and heard it without one word of objection, and
without one intimation that it was disorderly or
libelous, or even a breach of the decorum of the
Senate, it little becomes, I confidently submit, any
1 memberof this House to assume the responsibility
I of answering it as the member from bouth Caro-
lina [Mr. Brooks] has done.
But it is asked, if this license is to be given
to debate, what redress has the citizen against
