1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9IT
34th Cong?.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Houston.
Ho. op Reps.
calumny uttered on this floor? Sir, in how many
instances is a private citizen compelled to make
sacrifices for the common good, looking to the
commonwealth for satisfaction ? A citizen injured
under such circumstances, would have a claim
against his country, which this and the other
House would respond to, and hasten to do ample
justice. The Constitution has provided an ample
remedy in the petition for a redress of griev-
ances. The gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Brooks] can sustain himself by no such
reason.
But, before I leave this subject, I desire, in
answer to the remark of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Wtnslow,] as to what rule
of the House has been violated, to say that it is
the Constitution of which all are bound to take
notice and obey. The Constitution is a rule of
the House of the highest character, and one that
the House cannot suspend or avoid. Sir, the
Constitution is the highest political law of the
land, as the people are the highest political power
of the land The idea upon which the British
constitution rests is, that all power flows from
the Crown; in our own, that it flows from the
people. It is the Constitution which makes a
nation, and unites, in the persons of their repre-
sentatives'sovereignty. The theory of our Gov-
ernment I have already sufficiently for my pur-
pose alluded to. To avoid the danger of putting
the whole power of the State in one body, the
founders of our system divided it between the
law-making, the law-judging, and the law-exe- 1
cuting powers, with such checks and guards and
balances as to make them, as far as possible with
safety to the whole, independent of each other.
The wrong in this case was against one portion
of this sovereignty, and hence against the whole
people. This wrong has a threefold character.
It is, first, aviolation of the rights of the citizen;
it is, second, a violation of the public peace; and
third, it is a violation of the privileges of the
Senator [Mr. Sumner] and of the Senate, and
hence of the whole people. For the redress of
the first a civil suit may be brought; for the
redress of the second an indictment may be found;
and for the redress of the third the power of this
House alone may be invoked. And this is the
only tribunal which can consider that wrong. The
Senate cannot do it, for the Constitution exempts
the member [Mr. Brooks] from arrest. Like
that gravest offense against the life of the State,
bo this is one against the life of free deliberation,
which is the life-blood of liberty. 11 is the attack
of the trustee upon the life of his beneficiary—of
the'servant upon that of the master; and, like
those great offenses, this should be punished
capitally by expulsion from this body.
Why, sir, can we fail to reflect that, when a
member of either House may be stricken down
for words spoken in debate with impunity by his
fellow-member, without punishment, freedom of '
discussion is at an end? Neither House is longer
a deliberative body. No stronger case can ever
occur which infringes upon the freedom of debate
or speech, than this which we axe now called
upon to decide. If the right to punish exists not
in this case, it can never exist at all. The Con-
stitution was framed for the people. This is an
assembly of the representatives of the people,
and its rights and privileges are the rights and
privileges of the people. Suppose the represent-
atives of the people should meet in convention to
frame or amend a State constitution: could they
not punish an outrage of this sort by expulsion ?
If not, no constitution could ever be formed
against the determined opposition of an insig-
nificant portion of bad members of the body com-
bined to prevent it. What has been the experi-
ence of France ? Her national assemblies, her
constitutional assemblies, and her national conven-
tions, have each in turn been the creature of the
junto, the lobby, and the gallery. Who can say
that such consequences may not occur in this
country, when freedom of speech or debate shall
be suffered to be stricken down, without the inflic-
tion of summary punishmentuponhim who strikes
the first blow againstit? Why, sir, should a mem-
ber so far forget his high responsibilities to the
country and to this body, as to commit a high
crime and misdemeanor, or a felony, or any high
offense against the criminal law of the country, I
think he should be expelled from it. I should
not hesitate to record my vote against him. Some-
thing, I think, is due to the purity of this high
body. But I think I have pursued the topic far
enough to bring the mind to reflect upon the
great question here involved—that the great right
of freedom of speech, or debate, is necessary to
freedom of deliberation in legislation; and that the
power to punish for its violation is absolutely
[ nccessf.ry to secure that great end, and that in
his case that power ought to be most severely
' exercised. Sir, our institutions were not intended
by their founders to perish, in a day, nor even in
centuries; but unless this lawless spirit of aggres-
sion upon private rights, and the constitutional
privileges of the citizen, is crushed and put down,
it must finally sap and undermine all that is
valuable in our institutions, the inevitable con-
sequence of which must be that they will fall and
crush the people in one common ruin.
j I had intended, sir, to make some comments
upon the character of this offense, as an assault
and battery merely; but I will not burden your
attention further. Others have done that fully,
and, indeed, the public mind is fully possessed
with all the facts and circumstances of this most
painful and disgraceful transgression. In regard
to the second resolution of the majority of the
committee, I will simply observe that I am sat-
isfied, both from the testimony in the case, and
the repeated declarations of the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Brooks,] and certain facts
not yet disclosed, but of the truth of which I am
wholly confident, that the gentleman first named
in it, the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Edmdnd-
son,] is entirely innocent of any offense whatever,
and that his name ought not to be included in the
resolution. As to the other gentleman named, the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,]
the resolurtion, as it stands, expresses disappro-
bation of the conduct of thatgentleman in attend-
ing, on that occasion, as a witness in_ behalf of
his colleague and friend. In this I see nothing
to condemn; but in his interference to prevent an
officer of the Senate and others from restraining
the assailant from further acts of violence, I see
much to disapprove.
I have entered into this subject far more at
length than I intended when I began; but one
topic after another arose so rapidly in my mind,
that I have found difficulty in excluding, rather
than in finding reasons to sustain, the conclusions
to which I have arrived. And now, sir, in con-
clusion, I claim for this House, first, the plenary
power to punish its own members in all cases of
this sort; and,'second, that this is a case which
demands the exercise of that power ih all its'
severity.
Mr. HOUSTON said: I do not propose to make
an argument. I am satisfied that nothing I could
say would change the opinion of any gentleman
present. They are here to speak, not to listen—
they propose to convince othe^, not to be con-
vinced themselves. My only purpose was to
offer an amendment; that purpose is accomplished,
though not in the shape in which I preferred it.
My desire was to present it as an amendment,
ana obtain a direct vote upon it. While I have,
the floor, however, I will say a word to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Oliver] who has
just taken his seat. I should like him to carry
out the principle announced in his closing re-
marks, that we might see where it would lead.
The Constitution of the United States says:
" The Senators and Representatives shall receive a com-
pensation for their services, to be ascertained by law, and
paid out of the Treasury of the United States. They shall,
in all cases, except treason, felony, and breach of the peace,
be privileged from arrest during their attendance at their
respective Houses, and in going to and returning from the
same ; and for any speech or debate in either Hotse they
shall hot be questioned in any other place." (
The gentleman says the latter branch of this
paragraph—"and for any speech or debate in
either House they shall not be questioned in any
other place"—protects the member as well from
assault as from being questioned by a suit in
court. Let us test the correctness of his argu-
ment.
In the first place, I admit that all men, whether
members of Congress or private citizens, are pro-
tected from assaults; but their protection is de-
| rived from the criminal laws of the country, and
i not from this provision of the Constitution. If
I I should be assaulted, the criminal laws of the
: country will punish the offender; the same is
! true whether I am a member of Congress or not.
i | If, however, that provision of the Constitution
does embrace an assault upon a member, as well
as a suit for slander, then I think it will not be
i controverted that the protection thus afforded in
the one case as in the other exists to the same
extent, for the same length of time, and its vio-
lation must be redressed by the same tribunal.
I say this, Mr. Speaker, because the same article
and paragraph—the same words of the Constitu-
tion that create the privilege from suit for words
spoken in debate, also create the privilege from
assault for words spoken in debate, if the latter
privilege was intended to be embraced by the
Constitution.^P"hen, being so created, they must
exist together. The privilege from being ques-
tioned by suit attaches to the member uttering
the words in debate; and if'at any period of his
life a suit should be instituted against him for
that cause, he can plead his privilege and obtain
his discharge. I speak, Mr. Speaker, of words
spoken in debate, and not of printed speeches. I do
not intend to depart, in what I have to say, from
the words of the Constitution; and while my
mind very fully assents to the distinction between
j; matter deliberately prepared and printed by a
| member of Congress, and words spoken in debate
j; in the sense of the Constitution, yet I do not
I' propose to argue that point.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York. The gentleman
| from Alabama [Mr. Houston] will pardon me, I
j know, for interrupting him. Let me call his atten-
tion to his line of remark a moment since. I desire
j j to be fairly understood; that is all. What I intend?
ed to say was, that this House has plenary juris-
diction over its own members, and that it may
punish a member by expulsion, or by other suit-
able punishment, in its discretion. And further,
that when one member assaulted another member
for words spoken in debate, he violated the Con-
stitution of the United State r securing this priv-
ilege of freedom of speech or debate to the Sen-
ators and Representatives of both Houses. Now,
sir, when this House comes to decide what shall
be the extent of punishment to be inflicted by it
upon a member who has violated this privilege
of .another member,- then it is proper that the
character of the case should be taken into consid-
eration in measuring the punishment. Whether
the act was one in violation of this high privilege,
or some other provision of the Constitution, or in
violation of the criminal law of the land, or what-
ever it may be, the House must consider and
judge of it in deciding upon the proper degree
j of punishment, if any, it may think proper to
impose. This privilege of freedom of speech or
i debate in the House from question in any place
except the House, I hold may always be claimed.
; It is true the House may lose jurisdiction of the
parties; and so may the courts. The parties may
be beyond or without the jurisdiction of either;
but this is no argument against the value of the
privilege, nor against the propriety of this House
considering the character of the facts constitu-
ting this breach of privilege in making up its
judgment upon the degree of punishment to be
adjudged.
Mr. HOUSTON. When interrupted, I was
making a test of the gentleman's argument. I
was showing (though, I suppose, I need not have
done so, for the proposition is too clear for con-
troversy) that the privilege from suit attaches to
the member, and continues with him through life,
protecting him from suit for words spoken in de-
bate in either House of Congress, while a mem-
ber of that House; and he has but to .plead and
prove his privilege, to obtain a discharge from
j the suit. How is it in case of an assault ? A
j member in debate uses language towards an-
' other, which is regarded by the person referred
to in the speech as slanderous. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Oliver] says the paragraph
of the Constitution read by me protects him from
assault. The slanderous word?, are used at the
close of a Congress. After the congressional
term expires, the party slandered assaults the
slanderer. Where is his protection ? What
good does the privilege in that case do him ?
