918
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July I
34th Cong....1st Sess. Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Campbell, of Pennsylvania.
Ho. of Reps.
Can the House of which he was a member afford I
him protection ? Can either House ot the Con- .
fress thereafter to be elected redress his wrongs ?
t is absurd to think of it. Then 1 ask for his
remedy. Here is what gentlemen say is a clear
and unquestioned violation of the constitutional
privilege of a member of Congress; and yet there
seems to be no tribunal competent to afford him
protection, or redress his grievances. Gentlemen
any the criminal courts will punish the offender.
INo one doubt* that; and it would do the same
whether the parties to the assault, or either of
them, had ever been a member of Congress or
not. And in cases of assault occurring as this
oae did, out of the presence of this House—not
in anyway disturbing its proceedings—the crim-
inal courts are the only tribunals having jurisdic-
tion of the offense.
But gentlemen say, in the cas<*,J suppose, of
an assault being committed upon all ex-member
of Congress for words spoken while a member,
the House cannot take jurisdiction of it, because
he has ceased to be a member. Then, if that be
true, he ceases to have his constitutional privi-
lege; while, in the case of suit, his privilege lasts
as long as he lives, and is an efficient protection
to him. Does it not seem strange that the same
clause and language of the Constitution should
create privileges so very different in every essen-
tial particular ? <
A member utters a slander against an individ-
ual in debate, on the 3d of March, 1857; the
person slandered chastises him on the instant;
the House punishes him because the member had
a constitutional privilege; but if the party slan-
dered will wait until the 4th of March, or after,
and then whip him as an ex-member, he is not
rftotected by the Constitution, and has no privi-
lege from assault; while that same ex-member,
for those same slanderous words, is privileged
from suit for slander for the balance of his life.
Strange privilege from assault, indeed, to last
but one (by; and stranger Constitution, if it, in
truth, created such privilege !
Mr. Speaker, if I have been successful in making
myself understood in testing the gentleman's
argument, 1 think 1 have shown its unsoundness
beyond question.
Mr. Speaker, 1 propose to apply another test.
If the privileges exist as claimed, they must not
only continue to afford protection for the same
length of time, but their violation must be re-
dressed, and the violator punished by the same
tribunal. In a case where a member is sued for
words spoken in debate, this House can give
him no protection. A member "may be sued for
•lander, and the suit may progress to its termin-
ation, unless the privilege be properly ibrought
before the court trying the cause. This House
cannot order the suit dismissed, nor can it in any
way intervene between the suitors, or between
either of them and the court. The party sued
may plead and prove his privilege; the court will
then discharge him. Would this House under-
take to punish an individual for suing a member
for slander ? I judge not. The member would be
left to manage his own case, and avail himself of
his constitutional privilege, without the aid of the
House of which he is a member. The House
would have no jurisdiction of the case. But gen-
tlemen contend for a different doctrine in the case
of an assault. They contend that the House can
t«ke jurisdiction, and inflict punishment. Why
this distinction? Where does it originate? In
what article or clause of the Constitution "can we
find authority for it? I presume no such author-
ity can be found. This additional test, in my
judgment, shows the entire fallacy of the gentle-
man's position.
Mr. OLIVER. Will the gentleman hear me
for a moment? I claim no such distinction;
there is none. If the gentleman should sue me,
it is true the House could not protect me. I do
not claim that it could. But if he should sue
me for the purpose of changing a vote in this
House on any question, then f say the House
could expel him for it, and I eould protect myself
under my privileges in the courts. The Consti-
tution gives the House, as I have said, entire
jurisdiction over its members. That is one thins.
But for what it should punish, and for how much,
is another thing.
I Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman admits that
this House could not protect him against a suit
for slander lor debate had here, and says he
would have to obtain his discharge from the
courts. Then he agrees with me to that extent.
He contends, however, if one member were to
sue another, for the purpose of withdrawing his
vote from the House on any question penuing,
that the House could constitutionally expel the
member who instituted the suit. I ao not very
well see how the House could arrive at the mo-
tives in such a case; but, admitting for the argu-
ment that the gentleman is right in the principle
asserted, the member in that case would be ex-
pelled for the fraud and corruption he was en-
deavoring to practice upon the legislation of the
House, and not for the mere suit—the motive, and
not the act. Such conduct, if successful, would
destroy all useful legislation, and tend to the cor-
ruption and disgrace of the legislative body in
which it occurred, involving another and a very
different principle from the one in issue between
the gentleman and myself.
Mr. OLIVER. Notat all. You do not under-
stand me.
Mr. HOUSTON. Possibly I may not.
Mr. OLIVER. All I sa^ is, that if the gentle-
man from Alabama should sue me, and cause me
to be arrested, for any purpose that this House
ought to take cognizance of, it might punish the
: gentleman from Alabama by expulsion or other-
wise, at its discretion.
Mr. HOUSTON. But suppose a private citi-
zen should sue the gentleman for slander, then
what redress can this House afford him ?
Mr. OLIVER. The House can afford none
whatever.
Mr. HOUSTON. But the gentleman is just
as much deprived of his constitutional privilege,
and the House is just as much deprived of his
services, in case of arrest and detention at the
suit of a private individual, as that erf a mem-
ber.
Mr. OLIVER. The House in that case has
no redress, and I must take care of myself.
Mr. HOUSTON. Now the gentleman is com-
ing to the right point. The gentleman must take
care of himself; and that is the remedy to be
applied to this case. The courts are instituted
: for the purpose of protecting individuals when
i > offenses have been committed upon their persons,
; and there is where this case has already properly
and legitimately gone, and it is the only place to
which it can constitutionally go.
Now a word or two, Mr. Speaker, in reference
to the amendment which I propose. That amend-
ment embraces two propositions. In the first
place, it declares that this House has no authority,
under the Constitution, to judge of the privileges
of the Senate, what they are, or what they should
be. The Constitution of the United States gives
to each House of Congress the right to judge for
: itself of an alleged violation of its rules. The
Senate has no constitutional authority to say what
, our privileges are, nor have we to say what the
' Senate's privileges are. In the exercise of our
authority, under this clause of the Constitution,
we are confined strictly to the clause itself—its
true intent and meaning. We have no authority
to judge of, or punish for, any breach of the
privileges of another legislative body, even though
it may be a coordinate branch of the same Legis-
lature. I suppose the gentleman who reported
these resolutions will agree with me in that prop-
osition. The Senate have determined what this
1 offense is. They tell us in their communication,
which I regard as exceedingly out of place and
1 uncalled for, and wholly without warrant in the
Constitution, that Mr. Brooks has committed a
breach of the Senate's privileges.
| Sir, I do not concur with the Senate; and if
you give me (as a member of this House) the
| authority to judge of that body's privileges, I will
' take issue with the Senate, and aeny that any of
its privileges have been violated. While gentle-
men concur with me in the first proposition con-
tained in my amendment, they further contend
that we are bound by the finding of the Senate.
Strange doctrine, truly, that we have no right to
examine into the truth of charges made by the
Senate against a member of this House; but
whenever they determine that one of our mem-
bers has committed a breach of their privileges,
we have only to call him up and punish him—we
must alone register the decrees of the Senate, and
play " high sheriff'" for that body by inflicting the
punishment, without the power to look into the
case, and learn whether the offense has been com-
mitted, or to hear the member thus charged either
in defense or explanation. I will never give my
assent to a doctrine so monstrous—so utterly sub-
versive of every principle of justice and constitu-
tional law.
The first proposition enunciated in the amend-
ment I propose meets with very general approval
—it cannot be otherwise. Under the Constitution
each House makes it own rules, and must judgo
of its own privileges. This much being conceded,
I do not see how the latter branch of the amend-
ment can be controverted. It is admitted that
this House has no right to judge of the Senate's
privileges. Then, if we cannot judge of them,
we cannot judge whether they have or have not
been violated; and if we punish at all, we must
do so upon the judgment of that body—a prop-
osition which must be revolting to the feelings of
every man yho takes a proper view of the great
principles involved.
It will not do to say that he can defend himself
before the Senate, for 6ne of the reasons given by
that body for its extraordinary proceeding is,
that it cannot arrest our members, and therefore
cannot try or punish. I have not the least doubt
of the correctness of both the propositions in the
amendment I have proposed. I hold that it ir not
our duty to punish one of the members of this
House, even if he had clearly violated the priv-
ileges of that body, which, as I have before re-
marked, is not true in the case now before us.
This is a personal difficulty growing out of a
personal altercation, and it is to be regretted that
this House has dignified it with die notice it has
Eiven toit. We should dismiss it, and leave the
enate to take care of its own privileges, and the
courts of the country to punish for assaults. made
by one person upon another.
• Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania, said: Mr.
Speaker, I do not rise at this late hour of the ses-
sion to discuss fully the pending resolutions, but
for the purpose of giving some of the reasons by
which 1 shall be governed in voting upon this
question, as well as to answer the remarks made
in the course of this debate, by one of my col-
leagues. The subject now under consideration is
of a very grave character, demanding at our hands
the most careful and conscientious deliberation.
Motives of a personal or partisan nature, should
be, as no doubt they will be, utterly discarded as
unworthy the occasion and unjust to the accused.
On the other hand, he who now fails to render an
honest verdict on the facts before us, according
to the best of his judgment, is unworthy a place
within this Hall. The country demands this at
our hands. " Free speech" is a right sacred to
freemen,and "formidable to tyrants only." The
rights guarantied to us by the Constitution are
of inestimable value. They must be preserved
in all their integrity, through every crisis, and in
every peril. Without them government could
not exist, and tyranny would prevail. They are
of the inalienable rights, and of the life of the
Republic, and wherever assailed freemen will be
found to protect, and to assert them.
The Constitution declares that Congress shall
make no laws " abridging the freedom of speech,
or of the press," thus throwing around these
bulwarks of free government the protection of
the highest law of the land. And to secure to the
representatives of the people free and full discus-
sion on all subjects presented forlheir considera-
tion, that same Constitution declares that, " 8°*
any speech or debate in either House, they ®hall
not be questioned in any other place." The
framers of that instrument intended that the clause
in question should operate as a bar to any pro-
ceeding in the courts of law, for words spoken in
debate, in either House. Nor is there any lati-
tude for the objection, that the privilege may be
abused. It is the duty of the presiding officer
to preserve order. Members may call to order
for improper language used in debate, and both
Houses have ample authority to punish for dis-
orderly behavior. It appears, in substance, from
