1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. *
919
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Durfee. •
Ho. op Reps.
the report of a majority of the committee, that
for words spoken in debate, on a subject under
discussion in the Senate of the United States, the
honorable Charles Sumner, a Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, while seated at his desk in the Senate
Chamber, was violently attacked by the honorable
Preston H. Brooks, a member of the House of
Representatives, from South Carolina, and beaten
on the head with a heavy walking-cane, " at the
hazard of his life." The question is, whether we
shall justify this conduct, or visit it with the pun-
ishment it deserves.
Sir, I was surprised to hear my highly respect-
able colleague, from one of the Philadelphia dis-
tricts, [Mr. Cadwalader,] extenuate ana excuse,
if he did not, in fact, justify, the assault made
upon the Senator from Massachusetts. I refer
to this because the people of the State which we
in part represent do not entertain such sentiments,
and because it touches the honor of the State of
Pennsylvania. My colleague speaks of the "vitu-
peration" and "defamation contained, as he
alleges, in Mr. Sumner's speech. Permit me to
point out briefly the situation of affairs at the time
the Senator from Massachusetts delivered his
speech in favor of the rights .of the people of
Kansas, and in defense of the people and institu-
tions of the State which he represents. It is not
my purpose to defend all the sentiments and
opinions contained in that speech. It requires
neither apology nor defense at my hands. I
emphatically and powerfully speaks foritself. But
previous to its delivery, that Senator, and those
who acted with him, had been reviled, set upon,
abused, and insulted, for months and years, in
that Senate Chamber, as well as through the col-
umns of the southern press. They had been
called the " enemies of liberty." They had been
denounced as "traitors to the Union." The polit-
ical opinions of the people of Massachusetts had
been repudiated, her institutions condemned, her
history perverted, and her people stigmatized as
disloyal to the Constitution and the Union. On
this subject the Minden Herald, published in
Louisiana, comments as follows:
" We do think, if ever a man might be excused for becom-
ing desperate in tbe balls of legislation, that man is Summer.
We hare read the debates in Congress for many years past,
minutely and impartially, and never hare we known any
man so foully and unceasingly abused and vilified as this
same Sumner. Every dog of southern agitation, from
' Bose' Douglas down to the smallest and most mangy
that whines and snarls in the unprincipled suck-egg train,,
bas been barking at bis heels. But the fact has not been
successfully hit, tbat their spite arises more from a knowl-
edge of his cool superiority of talent, than from any real
differences of opinion on principle."
Sir, without adopting the language of this
article, 1 am compelled to admit its truth. It is a
fact, pregnant with meaning, that this journal,
published far south of Mason and Dixon's line,
is forced to, or has the magnanimity to, admit
that Mr. Sumner, above all Senators oh that
floor, had been pointed at and abused for years.
But the hour of retribution and of victory came
at last. He turned and hurled at his assailants,
and those of the Commonwealth he represented,
defiance, invective, and sarcasm. He assailed
them with facts and overwhelmed them with
arguments. They retired in dismay and con-
fusion. The senatorial arena remained open for
them as for him; but, avoiding the intellectual
conflict, they appealed to the law of force, and
now ask your approbation. Force is not argu-
ment—violence cannot be permitted to usurp the
place of facts. An intelligent public will judge
between them. I repeat, sir, that when the Sen-
ator turned upon his assailants, in defense of Mas-
sachusetts, he did what any other highminded
man would have donfi under similar circum-
stances, and what every true son of every other
State will justify and approve. I speak not of
the personal allusions contained in that speech.
Personal reflections have been indulged in on both
sides, which it were better for the peace of the '
country and the dignity of debate had never
been uttered. But there is not, in all this, any
justification or excuse for the outrage committed.
in the Senate Chamber. And I will say to my
colleague, that the people of the State of Pennsyl-
vaniado not anywhere, in any of her cities, wards, [
towns, or villages—in all her length or breadth— j
entertain opinions similar to those expressed by
my colleague on this floor. No, sir. Thepeopfe I
of Pennsylvania do not justify, nor do they ex-
cuse, the attack made upon the person of the
Senator from Massachusetts. They have not
forgotten their allegiance to law and order; their
teachings of right and justice; their devotion to j
freedom of speech; their sense of humanity. My
colleague must not ignore their manhood, nor
place them in a wrong position before the civil-
ized world. In this connection, I may be per-
mitted to say to gentlemen from the South, that
Pennsylvania has not surrendered herself to the
political heresies of the day. She teaches no
" higher law " than the law of the land. Demand-
ing her own rights, she enters upon no crusade
against the rights of others. You cannot drive
her from a proper appreciation of justice, to do
j an act of injustice to the southern States. She
| acknowledges her constitutional obligations, and
j will maintain them in all their original vigor.
, Sir, Pennsylvania has ever been a conservative
: State. She occupies a position which enables
her to act as a breakwater for contending factions,
j Standing in the midst of a grand sisterhood of
States, adorned with her own glorious revolu-
tionary laurels, and embracing within her wide
limits Valley Forge and Brandywine and Inde-
pendence Hall, she has reposed upon these, and
upona thousand memories of her world-renowned
statesmen and warriors, and has scorned to in-
vade the rights of other States of this Union, or
to search their annals for political or treasonable
blemishes. She is neither for South Carolina nor
yet for Massachusetts. Pennsylvania is for the
Constitution and the Union! If the day shall ever
'dawn—which God in his goodness avert!—in
which the Union of these States shall be endan-
gered, she will pour out all her blood and all her
treasure for liberty and Union. But, sir, it is
because she is true to the Constitution, that her
sons will not stand tamely by and permit the free-
dom of speech which that Constitution guaranties
to be invaded with impunity. Her people are for
"free speech" here and everywhere,at all times
and at all hazards.
But we are told that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts was not stricken down for words spoken
in legitimate debate, but because he abused its
privileges, and indulged in personal vituperation.
It would be somewhatdangerous, as well as novel,
to permit a member of a coordinate branch of the
National Legislature to sit in judgment on Sen-
ators and members, and determining in his own
mind what is, and what is not, " personal vitu-
peration," proceed to inflict any measure of pun-
ishment he might deem proper, upon the head of
his victim. I am not prepared to go quite •so far.
" It is a libel on South Carolina," were part of
the words which accompanied the blow. In the
debate on the Kansas bill, Massachusetts had
been arraigned in both branches of Congress. In
the speech referred to, the Senator had replied,
and in defending his own State had referred to
the State of South Carolina. This was legiti-
mate-to the debate, and was in the natural and
ordinary course of events. He was not called
to order by any Senator present. The President
of the Senate, whose imperative duty it is to pre-
serve order, and prevent breaches of parliament-
ary propriety, heard the Senator without inter-
ruption. From all this, but one conclusion can
be drawn. The rules of that body had not been
violated, and we are forced to the same result at
which a majority of the investigating committee
arrived, that " the violence was committed with-
out any other provocation than for words lawful-
ly spoken in debate."
But, sir, we have been appealed to by the gen-
tleman'from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] to conduct
the debate on this side of the House without ex-
citement, but at the same time that gentleman
expressed his conviction that there was an effort
to make political capital out of the question tinder
discussion. The gentleman from South Carolina
must bear in mind the difference between inflam-
matory appeals for partisan purposes, and that
expression of public indignation which follows j
upon the violation of law, and of the dictates of
humanity. The causes which have aroused the
free men of the free States, cannot be unknown
to that gentleman, and to the party with which I
he acts. Sir, I have neither time nor inclination
to take up this branch of the subject. I could i
point the gentleman to compromises violated^,
agitation renewed, detestable conspiracies to
extend the power of slavery over free soil, terri-
tory invaded by armed mobs, the ballot-box vio-
lated, citizens murdered, and peaceable emigrants
driven from the settlements, or forced to languish
in prisons for alleged offenses against tyrannical
laws,villages in flames, and peaceable meetings
of the people dispersed at the point of the bayonet.
Excitement! Did that party suppose the country
would remain in atorpid state under the accumu-
lation of outrages yhich they heaped upon it ?
Does the gentleman suppose there is less of feel-
ing and of sympathy at the North than at the
South ? Does he suppose vte Vill submit, so long
as we have power to resist ? I refer the gentleman
to the history of the country for an answer.
But we are told the honorable member from
South Carolina [Mr. Brooks] deserves to have a
monument erected to his honor, for the assault
upon the Senator from Massachusetts—that he
deserves praise, and not censure, at the hands of
his countrymen. I cannot believe that the just,
thinking men of the South share in this sentiment.
But if it is so, let the monument be reared. We
have no room for it throughout the wide area of
the free,liberty-loving North. Let itbe erected,
then, on southern soil, but not near the grave of
a Henry, or the home of Jefferson. And when
the marble shaft has been carried up' towards
heaven, inscribe upon the summit: "Freedom of
speech under the cudgel!"
Mr. DURFEE. I do not propose, Mr. Speaker,
to address the House with any view to influence
the vote of another; but representing, as I do, a
constituency of which any man on this floor migh
well be prodd, I wish merely to give a reason
for my own vote—to them and to this House—
and this can be fully done in few words.
The Senate have sent down to this House «.
complaint, that the member from South Carolina
[Mr. Brooks] has, for words spoken in debate in
that body, stalked into the Senate Chamber,
shortly after the Senate had adjourned for the day,
and assaulted and beaten a Senator whilst sitting
in his seat there.
Every one will agree that the body thus com-
plaining to us, whether considered in itself or in
its "relations to this House, or whether we look
at the scrupulous mode in which it has, in this
matter, respected the privileges of this House, is
entitled to have its complaint fairly heard, and
promptly and effectually dealt with. Truly con-
sidered in comparison with the dignity of the
Senate of the United States, wantonly violated in
comparison with its high privileges arrogantly
set at naught, the member from South Carolina,
either in his personal or representative character,
fades into utter insignificance, his very exist-
ence, political or natural, when thus viewed, being
but of slight importance.
The accusation, then, is made by a body to whom
we are bound to attend, in a matter deemed by that
body of the gravest import, and in a manner cal-
culated to win our utmost observance of its privi-
leges, by the scrupulous attention shown by them
to the privileges of this House.
But, sir, it is said that we have no power to
deal with the accused, because his offense was
not committed in the presence of this House,
whose power is said to be limited by the fifth
section of the first article of the Constitution to
the punishment of its members for disorderly be-
! havior, in the sense of a violation of its own rules
! of proceedings.
| Now, sir, every one would regret that such a
j rule of interpretation should be adopted, even if
forced upon us by the language of the Constitu-
tion itself, since by it the Houses would be de-
prived of their power of self-defense, invaluable
not only to their members, but to the country.
The argument proves too much, since it would
deprive, if construed as contended, the Houses
from punishing any but members, and confine the
meaning of the words, " disorderly behavior,"
to a disobedience, on the part of a member, to
some precise rule of order.
The evil of this construction is, that it treats a
constitutional provision as though it were a clause
of a petty municipal code, and construes it in the
same way that a country-court lawyer would con-
