920
• APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 19,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
■Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Purviance.
Ho. of Reps.
atrue the words ofa dog law. No doubt each House
may determine the rules of its proceedings—may
punish its members for disorderly behavior, and
with the concurrence of two thirds may expel a
member; but what is "disorderly behavior,"
and for what causes a two-thirds majority may
expel, is left by the Constitution to be defined
by the general law, and to the discretion neces-
sarily reposed in such bodies over their members,
for the preservation of the peace.
The privileges of each House, and the power
of the Houses to protect those privileges by their
jurisdiction over their own members, inhere in
them from necessity, to enable them to perform
their duties and protect their very existence.
They are as accurately defined as any rights
whatsoever by the general law, and may as easily
be ascertained from it, and need no more be
expressly conferred by the Constitution, by act
of Congress, or declared by the rules of either
House, than the dignity of the Federal court, and
the inherent power of such court to assert that 1
dignity by punishing for contempt. J
From the earliest days of the Government the
power for which I contend has been recognized
and acted upon by both Houses as an existing
power, and the question is no longer an open one.
Indeed, the Senate, by their action, so treat it;
and we have the opinion of that body, as well as
the precedents they refer to in their report, to '
show us that we have the power which, we claim
to have over our members to punish them for
violations of the privileges of the other House.
We have, then, the power to punish. The next
Question is,has the offense charged been proved?
think, sir, I need not occupy the time of the
House in the consideration of this question—a
question, I understand, that is answered by the
admission of the member from South Carolina
himself.
What ought, then—the complaint being made
by a body to whom we are bound respectfully to
listen, in a manner the most regardful of our
privileges, we having the power to punish, and
the oftense being made out, proved, confessed
—what ought to be the measure of the punish-
ments ? In arguing this question, we should con-
sider—
The person by whom committed: a member of
the House, bound to know and respect the privi-
leges of the Senate.
The person upon whom committed: a Senator
representing the interests of one of the States of
this Union.
The cause of the assault: by the statement of
the niember himself, for words spoken in debate,
uttered on the floor of the Senate.
The place where committed: the Senate Cham-
ber itself; during the temporary adjournment in
the session of the Senate, and of Congress.
The manner of the assault: in violation of what
is generally understood as fair play, not to say
chivalry, everywhere regarded, even by the most
'humble orders of men.
The violence of the battery, and its continu-
ance by repeated blows.
The natural, actual, and, therefore, presumed
intended efferct of such battery upon the Senator,
disabling him from the performance of his duties
for a long period, thus depriving his State of his
senatorial services, and endangering his life, or,
far worse, his reason.
Mr. Speaker, the hand upon the dial warns
me that 1 have to expect but a few minutes more
the attention of the House, and that I must bring
my brief and disconnected remarks to a close.
Time will not allow me to follow gentlemen in
any description of that lamentable scene on the
floor of the Senate, where,the youthful Senator
from Massachusetts, for words wrung from him
by the insults of years, was ruthlessly stricken
down by the hand of violence.
Sir, not among the dubious compromises of
the Constitution, but among its clearest provis-
ions, we find those which secure freedom of
speech and immunity to our Senators and Rep-
resentatives from personal violence for words
spoken in debate, or for being even questioned.
If the guarantees of our Constitution and laws
are thus to be trampled down, what security is
there ? This thing,gentlemen of the South, must
be purged from the Houses of Congress, or civil-
ized and Christian men cannot be sent here to
represent the North.
Mr. Speaker, I am but a young member of this
House. For almost the first time I have now
trespassed upon your attention. I trust I have
not marked my debut upon this floor with vitu-
peration. I consider it unworthy the dignity of
this body to do so. As to the member from
South Carolina, personally, we were friendly until
the occurrence of the sad affair we have under
consideration. He was one of the last men I
should have expected to be called upon to censure
in this way. I would not apply an unnecessary
word to injure the feelings of one who I hope and
trust must deeply regret this occurrence. But,
sir, I should be an unfaithful representative of
myself, my constituency, and of my home, if I
had said less, or if I should fail to brand it by
my vote in favor of the resolutions reported by
the committee.
Mr. PURVIANCE said: On the question of
the power of the House to take cognizance of
the case, he had a few remarks to make. The
letter of the organic law was plain and easily to
be understood. To prescribe rules and punish
for disorderly conduct, it is gravely contended
means the specific disorderly conduct of viola-
tion of the rules. If the framers, of the Consti-
tution intended such should be the interpretation
of the language used, they have purposely ob-
scured and buried that intention in the use of
more words than were necessary to convey their
meaning. To prescribe rules and punish for their
violation, would have rendered their purposed
clear. Is it to be presumed that the framers of j
that instrument, who weighed well their words, [
would confer power to punish for general disor-
derly conduct when they intended to qualify that
power to disorderly conduct for the violation
of the rules of the House? The only punishment;
for the violation of the rules is the enforcement j
of them, which is an incident of the power which j
creates them; otherwise; they would be no rules I
for the government of the body. The Speaker !
may enforce them by calling to his aid the Ser- !
geant-at-Arms, which would De simple prevention,
and not punishment.
" Disorderly conduct" is a general term, has
a wider signification, and was intended to apply
to any disorderly conduct derogatory to the cnar- !
acter of an honorable member, which would se- j:
riously affect the dignity of the body of which he i.
is a member. |
The commission of larceny by a member, i|
•whilst a member, would certainly justify his
expulsion. So, one member beating or killing
another, on the eve of an important vote being !
taken, whereby an important measure was de- !
feated, would be a clear and undoubted invasion :
of the privilege of the member and of the House :
and of the country—the privilege not being con-
fined to the member alone, but extending itself to '
his constituency. The minority report asserts that, :
unless committed whilst the House is in session,
there is no oftense to the body. This construc-
tion is so palpably wrong, that it needs but to be
stated to see its fallaciousness. The case of
Graves and Cillev was the voluntary fighting of
two of the members of this House, at a point
some miles distant; and yet, by a vote of 152 to
49, the House took cognizance of it by raising a
committee, Mr. Rhett, of South Carolina, voting
in the affirmative. The committee reported
through their chairman, Mr. Toucey, of Con-
necticut, a resolution of expulsion. So in the
case of John Smith, a Senator from Ohio, charged
with being an accomplice in the Burr conspiracy.
The indictments against Burr, the principal, as
well as Smith, the accomplice, had Deen discon-
tinued, and yet the Senate reported in favor of
his expulsion, which came within a single vote
of being carried. Here was a case in which the
offense charged had been abandoned—an offense
not committed whilst a member, and not alleged
to have been committed whilst Congress was in
session,and yet regarded as a case of " disorderly
conduct," within the meaning of the Constitu-
tion, by almost two thirds of the body of which
he was a member. To raise the committee to
investigate, Mr. Garland, of South Carolina, is
found voting in the affirmative. ;
But, Mr. Speaker, positions still more extraor-
dinary have been assumed upon this floor, which
demand a passing notice. The honorable gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cungman,] in
his preliminary remarks, announced to the House
that, whilst he was a man of peace, he was, not-
withstanding, prepared for war; and continued
in a strain of remark eulogistic of the falsely-
called code of honor, which finds favor in some
portions of the Union, although gradually meet-
ing with pretty general condemnation. Why
that honorable gentlemen introduced this into the
debate of a constitutional question of power, I am
at a loss to say, unless it was to intimidate this
body from a full and free discussion of the ques-
tion involved. To do so for any such purpose
would be but adding insult to injury. If, on the
other hand, it was done for no other purpose than
that of heralding abroad the fact that, upon a
Certain contingency, the honorable gentleman
would fight, we can take no exception to his right
to proclaim it, here or elsewhere, for Buncombe,
or any other place-or purpose. Beyond this, it
can accomplish nothing, as 1 know it is the fixed
and determined purpose of all northern members
to enjoy and exercise the constitutional right of
freedom of debate* to the fullest possible extent.
That gentleman read from the life of Dr. Frank-
lin, where he is made to say that freedom of the
cudgel is to be. an accompaniment of freedom of
speech. In the first place, I dare venture to say
that no such sentiment ever came from that dis-
tinguished man except in an ironical manner;
and. reference to the whole context clearly shows
this to be the case. He was speaking of it as a
practice of a rude and barbarous age—an age
without laws or governments, and, of course, un-
fitted to the enlightened age in which we live.
His high appreciation of the great privilege of
freedom of the press, the rights of which, as a
Eradical printer, he enjoyed, forbid the idea of
is ever having cherished the imputed heresy.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
indorses the sentiment, and emphatically declares
that Dr. Franklin, was right. This sentiment,
comes from a high source—from one of the most
distinguished leaders of the Democratic party of
this nation—from a gentleman of matured judg-
ment and enlightened experience in the science of
Eolitics. He declares that a Representative must
e amenable by personal chastisement for what
he may say on this floor. This is the inagura-
tion of a new doctrine, to be proclaimed, I sup-
pose, far and wide, and to become an additional
cardinal principle to those already enunciated by
the Cincinnati platform. Who is to be the judge
of the words used, and how are those words to
be measured ?
If every man is to be his own avenger for
words spoken of himself or his State, then you
have judges almost beyond number, and judg-
ments varying as much as do the hues of the
rainbow. Let us understand this matter. If free
discussion is to be limited, who is to impose that
limitation, and what standard of phraseolpgy and
language is to be adopted ? If a cudgel is to be
the weapon of chastisement, who is to determine
its size, quality, &c.? Is it to be of hickory, cane,
or gutta percha? and is it to be one inch, or two
inches, in thickness? By whom, and upon whom,
is it to be wielded? If the avenger be, physically,
a powerful man, is the size of the cane to be
diminished; or, if the chastisement is to be upon,
a man of great physique, is the cane to be enlarged ?
These are questions which ought to be settled in
this newly-inaugurated code of legislation. I was
pained to hear my colleague from the Montgom-
ery district [Mr. Cadw&lajder] proclaim the
same doctrine.
Mr. CADWALADER. i did not say so; but
simply said that the power of the House should
not be invoked to expel a member for the chas-
tisement of one who had delivered a scurrilous
speech.
Mr. PURVIANCE. It amounts to the same
thing, and introduces a new rule—one which re-
quires this body to first settle the precise limit to
which members may go in debate, to claim the
protection of the power which my colleague con-
cedes the Constitution confers upon us. He ad-
mits the power to punish, but withholds its ex-
ercise because of the character of Mr. Sumner'■
