1836.§
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
923
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Illinois Contested Election—Mr. Washburn, of Maine.
Ho. op Reps.
been instituted for the trial of offenses of this
character, and which ascertain the punishment
due to the offense. In my view, this is an ade-
quate remedy, affording the same protection ex- i
actly to a member of Congress which is afforded
to every private citizen. The courts must be ap-
pealed to to redress the wrongs of the private
citizen, and is there any reason why & Senator or
member of this House should stand upon higher 4
ground than that occupied by his constituents ?
The majority here seem disposed to carry the
doctrine of privilege far beyond these reasonable i
limits, and to make it apply to cases that were i
never conceived of by those who framed the '
clause of the Constitution on which they rely. !
Now, let me say one word in reply to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania who waa speaking
when I entered the Hall, [Mr. Purviance.] That
gentleman says that he has the right to utter
whatever he pleases in this body, ana that no one i
has the right to call him to account for anything !
he may utter. He referred to some remarks made
by the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] in
reply to Mr. Seward, of New York, to the effect
that a statement made by the latter was not true,
and that Mr. Seward did not believe it to be true
when he uttered it. 1 know nothing of the occur- j
rence to which the gentleman refers; but I will
venture to say that the distinguished Senator from 1
Georgia is ready and willing at all times to answer j
for any language he may feel called upon to em- 1
ploy in debate. Would the gentleman fromPenn-
sylvania (with his view of it) rest a justification
for the use of offensive language here upon the
incident which he has quoted ? Is he unable to
perceive a difference between liberty of speech
and licentiousness of speech ? Attendant circum-
stances may justify the use of harsh language by
one gentleman, when the absence of such circum-
stances would not justify its use by another.
How it may have been in the case cited I know
not.
Does the gentleman recognize the right of one
member on this floor wantonly to insult another,
by the use of offensive language? Would he
have us believe that he repudiated all personal
responsibility for insults given by him, and that
he would submit to insult from others, until such
time as the law would take the matter in hand,
and provide a punishment for the offense? No,
sir! I do not believe the gentleman would act
upon any such rule, nor do I believe that his con-
stituents would sustain him in the recognition of
such a rule. I have always believed, and I be-
lieve now, that they would justify him in reseat-
ing any insult that might lie offered to him, and
would justify him in punishing the offender. I
believe that the constituency of every other mem-
ber on this floor would recognize this rule, and
would esteem more highly toe man who would
practice upon it. I hold that every member in
this House is bound to treat others as gentlemen,
and that, if one* member insults another willfully
and deliberately, he runs the risk of having his
head cracked, and deserves to have it cracked, j
That is tht doctrine where I live, and I imagine '
it is the doctrine in the northern section of the
Union. j
Why, sir, suppose an individual were to tell
tbe gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of this
committee, [Mr. Campbell,] on a court green, i
that he lied, or offer him any other insult, do
you suppose that he is possessed of that Christian
virtue that would induce him to pass it by with-
out notice, or that his constituents would tolerate
him in passing it by, and not resenting it promptly
and decidedly on the moment? Would not his
first impulse be to resent the insult, and to
administer instantaneous punishment to the of-
fender ? Wherever and whenever any other
rule is recognized in the intercourse between
man and man, insults will become of common, 1
every-day occurrence. I hold that the constitu- j
ency of tbe gentleman from Pennsylvania, and !
of every other member upon this floor, when
they select a man to represent them here, expect
him to treat others with courtesy and propriety;
and if he is rrot treated in like manner, they ex- I
pect him to protect himself, and to meet their
expectations by resenting promptly and properly
the insult which has been given to him. The II
northern people have a spirit as well as the
southern, and they prize riot less highly the
exhibition of spirit on the part of their Repre-
sentatives than do the South. Upon this pointl
have said all I intended.
There is one other point that I feel called upon
to notice. The elder gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Giddincs,] in his remarks on yesterday, declared
that the effect of slavery was to blunt the intel-
lectual and moral faculties of those who resided
| in the States in which the institution existed.
Now, sir, let me call the attention of the gentle-
j man and the House to one or two historical facts,
to show how utterly unjustifiable—how entirely
j unfounded such an assertion is. Was it not a
slaveholder who conceived and penned the Decla-
ration of American Independence, and was he-pot
born, and did he not live, and did he not die, in a
slave State ? Did the institution of slavery de-
i stroy, or even impair his intellectual faculties ?
Was it not a slaveholder who contributed'more
than all others to the formation of the Federal
Constitution, under which we have so long lived?
He, too, was born on slave soil, was reared on slave
soil, died on slave soil, and now sleeps in the
bosom of the slave State of Virginia. Were his
intellectual faculties blunted by this institution ?
I No,sir! No! Wasitnotaslaveholderwhopenned
the Virginia resolutions of1798, and the celebrated
| report of 1799, of which John Randolph once said,
"To attempt to add anything tq them, would be
'like an attempt to gild refined gold, to smoothe
the ice, to paint the lily, to throw perfume on the
violet, or add another hue to the rainbow,—alike
useless and ridiculous excess." Sir, was it not
another slaveholder who drew the Kentucky
resolutions at the same period, and on the same
great subject? I might give other illustrations,
but let these suffice.
Were the intellectual faculties of Mr. Jef-
ferson and Mr. Madison injured by the blight-
ing influence of slavery, when their minds con-
ceived and their pens wrote out these great papers,
so abounding in political wisdom, and displaying
such enlarged statesmanship ? When the gentle-
man makes such a charge, he does injustice to !
himself as well as to others. If the gentleman's j
mindthad not been warped by the passions and '
prejudices that unfortunately rule the hour, he
would not have made so unjust an accusation >
against the southern section of the Union, in which |
my lot has been cast. The southern section of j
the Union will not suffer in a comparison with the i
northern, on the score of intellectual vigor and
ability; and the charge, therefore, that the insti-
tution of slavery has dwarfed them, is unfounded
and unjust^
The gentleman charges, also, that slavery hard-
ens the heart, and destroys the mora] and religious
faculties. Will the gentleman say that the re-
ligion which prevails in the northern section of
this country is of a higher, holier, and purer
character than that which prevails in the South ?
| If it be so, will the gentleman explain to me how
it is, that northern ministers of the Gospel go into
their pulpits on the Sabbath day, and urge their
I followers to arm themselves with Sharpe s rifles,!
for the purpose of enforcing their particular po-
litical views in Kansas and elsewhere ? Is such
instruction in accordance with the injunctions of
that good Book which has been given to them
as their guide ? Is that such instruction as the Au-
thor and Pounder of their faith would have given
to his followers ? He preached peace and good-
will amongst men, and discouraged everything like
strife, and contention, and bloodshed. When-
ever the gentleman finds- such things done in the
southern country by southern ministers of the
Gospel, in the pulpits of southern churches, on
the Sabbath, or any other day, let him then make
the charge, that the moral and religious sensibili-
ties of the southern people have been blunted and
destroyed. But, until he does find such conduct
exhibited by southern ministers—until he can
find some instance in which they have preached :!
some other doctrine than "Christ and him cru-j
cified, " those disgraceful scenes which have !
occurred in northern pulpits—those disgraceful i
doctrines which have been proclaimed from the I
sacred desk, in that section of the Uuion, should I
silence his tongue. >
ILLINOIS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. I. WASHBURN,
OF MAINE,
Ik the House of Representatives,
July 16, 1856.
The House having under consideration the following
Resolutions, reported from the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That James C. Allen was not elected, and is
not entitled to a seat in this House.
ReaAvei, That William B. Archer was elected, and is
entitled to a seat in this House—
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, said: I shall
detain the House but a few minutes at this time.
This question lies within a very narrow compass,
and I think its consideration need not detain the
House long. The testimony and the reports have
been published for several weeks, and have been
on the desks or in the drawers of members. An
opportunity has been afforded to gentlemen to
examine them, to read the testimony, and to make
up their opinions on the case; and 1 suppose they
may have done so.
The question, sir, it seems to me, is confined,
substantially and practically, to whether there
was a mistake or error committed by the judges
and clerks of election in the precinct of Livingston,
in the county of Clark, in the seventh congres-
sional district in Illinois.
The judges of election (three of them) and the
clerks (two) have in effect come before the com-
mittee of the House and stated to us distinctly,
deliberately, and under the obligations of an oath,
that an error was made by them, at the time
when they first counted the votes on the evening
of the election, which error they have discovered,
as they inform us, and they now ask this House to
correct it. They have said that, in point of fact,
one vote more was counted by them and allowed
to the sitting member than he actually received
in that precinct; and that there were two votes
cast for the contestant which they did not count,
and which were not allowed to him. These
votes, if allowed, would have elected him by a
majority of two votes.
It appears by the returns that the sitting mem-
ber received one vote more than the contestant.
It appears from the ballots, which were safely
kept and were identified, that the sitting member
did have allowed to him one vote more than he
actually received. There can be no controversy
about that. There was one ballot in the box which,
it was manifest to all the officers of the election,
and, I apprehend, to every one who has seen the
ballots, nad been given for neither of the candi-
dates; and at the same time it is equally manifest
that that vote was allowed to and counted for the
sitting member: so that it appears that, in respect
to one vote at least, there is no question and can
be no mistake. The whole case turns, unless I
wholly misapprehend it, on this single fact: were
the ballots, which were actually given in the
Livingston precinct at the November election of
1854, safely and carefully preserved ? and were
the same votes actually counted and examined by
the judges and clerks of ejection at a recount
which took place in March afterwards? If it shall
appear to the satisfaction of the House that these
ballots were safely kept, and that they were
examined by the officers of election at the recount
in March afterwards, itfollows, I think, inevitably
and irresistibly, that the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Allen] was not elected, and that the con-
testant [Mr. Archer] did actually receive a ma-
jority of all the votes cast at that election.
Now, sir, I have said that these judges of the
election, and these clerks, by their depositions
and by their records, have come before us and
stated that, in point of fact, there was an error
made by them. They have stated to us the man-
ner in which the. mistake was made, and stated
it in such a way as can leave no doubt in the
mind of any one, as it seems to me, that they
told the truth, and that the statement they now
make is the correct one. In my judgment, the
whole controversy turns upon this point: were
these ballots safely kept or' not ? In regard to
that, I propose to read from the testimony of the
officers of the election. The report says:
"Hutchinson testifies that ' tkt balloU were placed in the
