024
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 16,
34th Cono....1st Sess.
Illinois Contested Election—Mr. Allen.
Ho. of Reps.
ballot-box and lodkei up, and the box put   mypotttssion and
not opened until theSd of March, 1855. I kept the box care-
full* until the-2d of March, 1855.' On cross-examination, he
says: «The box and key were both in my possession during
the time. The key was my own private property; and alter
the box was locked, the other judges left the house where
the election was lield. The key that belonged to the ballot-
box was lost.' t
" After the counting of the rotes on the 2d of March,«the
ballots and poll-books were carefully gathered up, put into
the ballot-box, locked up and put into the possession of
Johnson J. Birch, and I retained the key myself. They were
again, on this day, April 14,1856, examined with the same
result as in March, 1855.' _
'• Mr. Birch says, that at the close of the election *we put
the ballots into the ballot-box and locked it up. I do not
remember, who took the box. I took the key and put it
away, and never have seen it since; but 1 think Mr. Hutch
insoii took the ballot-box.' He says,further, '/am confi-
dent that the ballot! have not been altered since they were
voted at the election.'
" The counsel for the sitting member put the following ■
question to the deponent:
" 'At the conclusion of the first counting did you, in pur-
suance of the 16th section of the act of 1849, in relation to
elections, proceed to place the poll-list in the ballot-box,
lock the same up, put the seal of one or more of the judges
of said election thereon, so as entirely to cover the opening
in the lid or top of the said box, and deliver the key to one
of said judges and the box to another; and if eo, state
whether the judge in whose possession the box was placed
had any means of opening the same without force ?'
" To which the following answer was given: 'I did, and
placed alto in the box at the same time the ballots and a copy
of the certificate and taUy-papcr; that the fastening withe
wider-side of the lid was adjusted, and the box then locked ;
and when so fixed, nothing can get into or out of the box
without force, unless the box should first be unlocked. Mr.
Hutchinson, the judge into whose possession the box was
delivered, had no mean , to my knowledge, of getting into
the box; but afterwards obtained a key with which he could
unlock it, as he states.'
" David Wyrick informs ns that, on the evening of the
election,' the ballots, one poll-book, and one tally-paper,
were put into the ballot-box, and the box was locked up,
which Mr. Hutchinson took home with him.' * * < I
believe the ballots have been carefully kept, and that they
were the same voted at the election.'
" Mr. Hanks says, that after the votes had been counted on
the 7th of November, one of the poll-lists, the tally-paper,
and the ballots, were put into the ballot-box and locked up,
and the box delivered to Mr. Hutchinson; but he cannot say
who kept the key.
"This testimony is direct, consistent, and convincing.
It proves that the ballots were placed carefully in the box
on the evening of the election, by the judges; that the box
was locked and properly secured; that it was placed in Hie
possession of one of the judges, (Hutchinson;) that the
key was retained by another, (Birch,) who afterwards lost
it; that Hutchinson liad a key of his own, duringthe whole
or part of the time the box was in his possession, which
would unlock it; that the box was not opened,"br tampered
with, to the knowledge or belief of either of the judges
who bad, or could have had, access to it-; and that they
believed the ballots were the same which were voted at the
election. There is no discrepancy or inconsistency in the
testimony of Hutchinson and Birch in relation to the key.
The key of the box was lost; and yet Hutchinson had a
key—his own—which would open the box. Both he and
Birch say the key Which belonged to the box was lost.
He says he had a key of his own which would open the
box; and Birch says that he obtained such a key sifter be
received the box. It may have been immediately after-
wards ; so that be bad a key to the box all the time, or he
may have intended to say that 'during the time,' sc., he
had a key. There is no room for a doubt that the ballots
were preserved intact. They must have been altered, if at
all, by Hutchinson; and he was the friend of the sitting
member."
Now, sir, I submit that this testimony is over-
whelming and conclusive—that it does not admit
of a reasonable doubt. I repeat, the evidence is
overwhelming that,, at the time of the election
the ballots were all placed in the ballot-box, and
that the ballot-box was locked up, carefully se-
cured, and placed in the possession of Mr.
Hutchinson, one of the judges of the election,
by whom it was kept up to the time of the re-
count in March, 1855. And it is worthy of ob-
servation, that Mr Hutchinson, with whom the
ballot-box was left, was a political friend of the
sitting member. He could have had no motive
to prompt him to make, or permit, an alteration
in the ballots to the injury of the sitting member.
I will remark also, that, according to the testimo-
ny, a majority of the judges and officers of the
election were the political friends of the sitting
member.
The facts of the case, then, stand substantially
in this way: the judges of the election, a majority
of whom were politically opposed to the con-
testant, declare that all the ballots were carefully
preserved; that upon a recount it appeared that
one vote too many was counted for the sitting
member, and that two ballots were cast for the
contestant, which were not originally counted and
returned for him.
Now, sir, these facts have been stated at three
different times. In the first place, they have stated
it in the amended or supplemental return, in
which the error was corrected. And let me say
that the reason why these ballots were preserved
is sufficiently obvious from the testimony; for we
find that on the evening of the election, when the
first count was made, there was confusion and
uncertainty in regard to the count. One of the
clerks states that he believed then, and believes
now, that a mistake was made. In consequence
of this confusion it was, no doubt, thought best
that the ballots should be preserved. At any
rate, it appears that they were preserved, and
that ■ they were placed in the custody of Mr.
Hutchinson. These facts are proved by all the
witnesses, and by the best evidence that can be
required to substantiate them. It would be im-
possible for human testimony to make them
stronger.
At the recount, in March, Mr. Hollingshead,a
political friend of the contestant, was not present;
and, therefore, he did not give his deposition
among those first taken—for testimony was taken
on two occasions—but he did among those last
taken. A supplemental return was made as follows:
State of Illinois, Clark county:
We, the undersigned, judges and clerk of the general
election in said county of Clark, and of Livingston precinct,
east of Marshall, on the 7th day of November last past,
1854, do hereby certify that, on a review and count of the
ballots this day made with care, and to our satisfaction, the
ballots being, on the said 7th day of November, put into a'
box, locked and kept in the hands of one of the judges, to
wit: H. H. Hutchinson, as required by law; that, in the
return made to the clerk of county court, we gave a certifi-
cate that William B. Archer had one hundred votes, and
that James C. Allen had forty-seven votes, the said Archer
and Allen being the only candidates running to represent the
seventh congressional district in said State of Illinois in the
Congress of the United States; that we find an error was
made in said count and return, and that it clearly appears
that at *aid election laid Archer truly received one hundred
and two votes, and said Allen got forty-six votes, (46;)
which error we now correct under our oaths taken as judges
and clerk, the other clerk, Mr. Hollingshead, not being pres-
ent this day, one hundred and two (102) to said Archer, and
forty-six (46) to James C. Allen ; all of which we hereby
certify under our oaths taken, and our hands and seals.
March 2,1855.
HENRY H. HUTCHINSON, [seal.
DAVID WYRICK. [seal.
[sbal.
j. J. BIRCH. [seal.
elza m. Hanks, Clerk, [seal.]
It is true that, in the depQsition last taken,
Mr. Hutchinson states he is of the opinion that
the names of Archerand Allen had been attempted
to be erased from two of the ballots which were
allowed on the last count to the contestant; but
in his testimony at different times, and uniformly,
he shows us that he did not believe that they
had actually been erased. It shows clearly that no
such attempt had been executed, and that the
names had not been, in fact, obliterated, and that
the votes ought to be counted. This inevitably
results from the whole testimony in the case.
Mr. Hutchinson, under oath, says the votes were
"truly given" to Mr. Archer, and ought to be
counted for him. He says, in his deposition of
March, 1855:
" The ballot-box with the ballots deposited therein was
locked up by me, and kept in my possession until the 2d
day of March instant, when they were examined by myself
and J. J. Birch, one of the other judges of the election, and
in the presence of E. M. Hanks, one of the original clerks
of the election, and Samuel R. Brown, who was calltsl to
our assistance as clerk in the absence of J. Hollingshead,
the original clerk of the election. Upon counting the votes
on the said 2d day of March, as aforesaid, there were in the
ballot-box forty-six (46) votes forMr. Alien, one hundred
and two (103) votes for Mr. Archer, which is the correct and
true vote to which they are entitled in said precinct; and
we have this day reported to A. B. Briscoe; the clerk of
said county court, correcting*the error made in the original
return,"
And in hie testimony of April, 1856, he says
on the recount it was "found that one hundred
and two ballots were given for Mr. Archer, and
forty-six for Mr. Allen." Every one of the
other witnesses Confirm, in their testimony, Mr.
Hutchinson's statement. On the recount there
were found three ballots which all agree were not
counted at first; they were laid aside and not
counted. They were placed in the box, and, on
reexamination, it appeared, without any doubt
in the mind of either of the witnesses, that
neither of the candidates' names was on one
of them, and that the contestant'? name was on
the other two. This was plain, palpable, and
certain, to them. With these ballots before them,
and seeing the error, they made a correction
under oath, as they were, as honest men, bound
to do. It appears from the testimony there were
one hundred and forty-nine names on the poll-
books; one hundred and forty-nine names on the
tally-paper; and one hundred and forty-nine bal-
lots, and no more, in the box. On the day of the
election they laid aside three votes, and returned
one hundred for Colonel Archer, and forty-seven
for Mr. Allen; that would make one hundred and
fifty votes, when there were only one hundred
and forty-nine names on the poll-books, one
hundred andforty-nine names on the tally-papers,
and one hundred and forty-nine ballots in the
box; showing, beyond a doubt, that an error had
been committed. The mistake was detected; one
of the ballots had neither of the candidates' names
on it, and therefore one vote was taken from Mr.
Allen.
The three ballots to which I have referred were
produced before the committee, and a majority
were entirely satisfied that the judges could not
do otherwise than they did in their corrected re-
turn. Those ballots, with the report of the com-
mittee, were sent to the Clerk's desk, and then to
the printing office. I regret to say that they have
not been returned, and are not to be found. I
presume the explanation is this: They were not
noticed by the printers to whom they were given,
and in separating the papers they were lost.
They were sent to the printing office as the fore-
man remembers; but it so happens, I am confi-
dent, without fault of any of the parties, they are
lost. They cannot be produced. I regret it, for
let gentlemen think of them ns they might, I did
desire that every individual in this House should
have an opportunity to examine them and judge
for himself. I know the contestant desired that
the House should have an opportunity to judge
whether*there was any doubt in the matter, and
to that end he procured their anexation to the
depositions of Mr. Hutchinson. But those bal-
lots are not here. The best the House can do is
to examine the testimony presented, and decide
upon that. It is for members to say whether
they will step in and reverse the judgment of
those who did see the ballots. It is for them to
decide whether they will take that responsibility
when it has been testified three times under oath
that the correction ought to be made; whether
they will do that which is in defiance of witnesses
who were bound to and did know the facts of the
case, and of the judgment of the committee.
There is some evidence relative to illegal votes;
but it is not shown that any of these votes were
illegally given,' and therefore I lay all that tes-
timony aside as immaterial. If these two votes
given for the contestant, and counted for him
upon the reexamination of the ballots themselves
by the judges, in daylight, be allowed him, then
you give him a clear majority", although you
should even go so far as to take from him the
vote alleged to"have been illegally cast for him.
Then in no contingency do these alleged illegal
votes upon either side become of any importance
in the case.
! did not intend to detain the' House long in
the opening of this case. I have stated briefly
the points upon which it must be decided, aa
they are'understood by the committee, and hav-
ing done so, I will not now further pursue the
matter.
ILLINOIS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES C. ALLEN,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House op Representatives,
July 16 and 17, 1856,
On the Resolutions reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions in the Contested-Election Cas« from Illinois.
Mr. ALLEN said: . .
Mr. Speaker: If personal considerations alone
were involved in the final termination of this con-
test I would submit it to the House without a
word of comment. ? Since it involves a question
no less important than the right of the people of
