1856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
925
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
lllitwis Contested Election—Mr. Allen.
Ho. of Reps.
my district to the representative of their choice,
I shall speak for them.
If I (lid not believe that I was the choice of a
majority of the electors of that district, as ex-
pressed through the ballot-box on the 7th of No- j
vember, 1854,1 should at once surrender the trust 1
I have been exercising here, and retire from" this
contest. For, however ambitious of a seat upon
tliis floor, a consciousness that I held it in oppo-
sition to their will would render the place unde-
sirable, and myself contemptible in my own esti-
mation.
That the election under which I claim, and
have been exercising the privileges of a member
of this House, was held at the proper time; that
it was conducted according to the laws of the
State; that the returns were properly made to
the Secretary of State, regularly canvassed, and
the usual proclamation made, upon which my
certificate was issued—in short, that all the forms
of the law were observed by the respective offi-
cers, from the opening of the polls until the final
issue of the commission, is not controverted.
The issue raised by the contestant is, that he re-
ceived a majority of the legal votes cast at that
election, and that he is entitled to the seat. This
House is made, by the Constitution of the United
States, the tribunal to settle this question upon
the evidence as it is presfen ted under the law.
The House sits as a court to try this issue, and
it tries it upon the law and the evidence. I hold
the certificate of election, which, while it is not
conclusive, is prima facie evidence of my elec- j
tion. I
The two important questions, then, for the
House to determine, are: First, has the contest-
ant complied with the law in procuring his_ tes-
timony ? Second, if so, does the testimony pro-
duced entitle him to a seat ?
To avoid all difficulty that might arise as to
the taking of testimony in cases of contest, Con-
gress, on the 9th of February, 1851, passed an'
act prescribing the mode of giving notice of con-
test, and of taking depositions in contested cases.
This law originated in a public necessity, was
sanctioned by all the forms, and became (so long
as it stands unrepealed) a "rule of action,
binding as well upon the members of this House,
as upon parties to a contest, and citizens of the
several States. Without it, the party contesting,
or the sitting member, could have no assurance
that they would not be subjected to the caprice or
whims of the party or faction in power.
It" originated in apublic necessity;" for, from
the year 1804 until the passage of this act, we
had no laws upon the subject, and had to look to
parliamentary usage and custom, about which
endless disputes and constant annoyances were
arising to impede the progress of the House in
coming to a correct ana final decision. Some uni-
form rule was urgently demanded, and this law
was adopted, plain ana simple in it^ terms, just
and equitable in its operation, and in the observ-
' ance of which no injury could accrue to any
one.
The first section requires the contestant to give
the sitting member notice of his intention to con-
test; and requires that in that notice he " shall
tpecify particularly the grounds upon which he relies
in the contest." The object of this is to direct the
attention of the sitting member to the particular
error, mistake, or fraud, (for the language will
bear no other construction,) that he may prepare
himself to rebut the evidence of the contestant
in regard to the particular matter. Now, let us
look at the original notice given by the contest- ;
ant, and see if he has complied with this reason- |
able requirement, and see if 1 could know, or even 1
reasonably infer, what his particular ground of
contest was: j
MmHiLi, Clark County, Illinois, • i
December 15,1854.
Sir: You are hereby notified that I shall contest your
right to a seat in the next Congress of the United States, as
a Representative from the seventh congressional district of
Illinois, upon the following grounds:
That the returns made by the retbrmng officers, as offi-
cially announced, are incorrect, and that the poll-books of
the several counties in this district show that I received a
majority of the legal votes polled in the said district for the
said office, and am entitled to the certificate of election
therefrom.
Yon are further notified that, at the proper time, I shall
present my petition to be admitted to a seat in «aid Con-
(ren, notwithstanding your claim thereto, and shall proceed
to show, by sufficient proof?, the invalidity of the official
returns, and your certificate of election, as based thereon.
With assurances of respectful consideration, 1 remain
yours, &c., W. B. ARCHEK.
Hon. James C. Allkn, M. C., Washington City.
Now I submit that from this notice 1 could not
tell what his particular and specific ground of
contest was. If it was an error of a returning
officer, it was too general, for it did not even
specify the class of returning officers to which he
referred. Whether it was the officers who made
the returns from the precincts to the county clerk,
or the clerks who made the returns to the Secretary
of State—if the latter, there were fifteen of them;
if the former, there were over ninety; so that a
.fair and reasonable construction of the law would
require him to state what class of returning offi-
cers he referred to. But it turns out in the sequel,
that, so far from being an incorrect return of a re-
turning officer, it is the rejection of certain ballots
by the judges in one precinct, which he claims were
cast for him. When that notice reached me, I
was in this city in the discharge of my duties as
a member of the last House of Representatives.
1 could not tell from that notice what the "spe-
cific and particular" ground of contest was, and
of course could not be prepared to meet his charges,
as he, instead of calling my attention to the
specific and particular ground upon which he
relied, had stated in general terms another and
different ground. Yet the majority of the com-
mittee in their report assume that the " law was
substantially complied with; and that the notice
was as serviceable to the sitting member as if it
had been more specific," and justify this assump-
tion by saying, that it "does not appear to the
committee that any inconvenience has resulted to
the sitting member for the want of a more formal
notice." And they gently hint that I may have
waived my right to a more formal notice, by
replying to the one which I received. In answer
to these assumptions I have only to say, that the
only service the notice was to me, was to inform
me that my seat was to be contested, and to mis-
lead me as to the true ground of contest; and
that, so far as my answer is concerned, it was
only responsive to his notice, and by responding
negatively I waived no right that 1 held under
the law.
That part of his notice regarding illegal votes
is also defective, unless their illegality was shown
by the poll-books, and lays no foundation for the
introduction of evidence as to illegal voting.
But, sir, I maintain, if there was no law upon
the subject of notice, parliamentary usage would
entitle me to a more specific notice; arid if there
existed nopmiiamcnltory custom, reason, common
sense, and common justice, would entitle me to
it. Then will the House, in violation of the plain
provision'bf the law—in violation of parliament-
ary usage before we had a law—in violation of
common reason and common justice, hold this
notice sufficient?
In accordance with the requirements of the law,
I replied to this notice; a copy of that reply was
served on him upon the 9th day of January, 1855.
By the sixth section of the act, the contestant
was required to give me ten days' notice of the
time and place of taking depositions, &c. On the
28th day of February a notice was served on me
from the contestant, notifying me, that on the 9th
of March (mark the time) he would proceed be-
fore Judge Stockwell, at Marshall, to take the
depositions of E. C. Lewis and others, to show
that he was entitled to his seat, &c.; still giving
me no intimation of the points upon Which lie in-
tended to take depositions; but stating in that
notice that he would take them in pursuance of
the act of 9th of February, 1851, above referred
to. It will be perceived that this notice was not
• given me ten days before the day on which the
depositions were to be taken. The committee
try to avoid the force of my objection to this tes-
timony, by saying that the notice itself bears
tlate the 20th of February, though not served till
the 28th. But it was no fault of mine that its
service was delayed. I knew not of its exist-
ence until it was served upon me. I immediately
wrote to a friend to attend for me the taking of
the depositions on the 9th, and the same day-
mailed my letter, but it did not reach him as I am
informed until the evening of the 10th; and there-
I fore the evidence taken on the 9th was all ear parte.
I I would have been recreant to myself and the
! people of my district if I had not made it. I was
i here as a member of the last House. The time
fixed by the law was short«enough to enable me
I to prepare for the taking of depositions more than
a thousand miles from this point. I could notbfe
, present by my agent, and I repeat I had a right to
make the objection.
i But the majority of the committee in their re-
port upon this point sdy, that this act is " direc-
tory and cumulative;" that its object was to protect
a\ul not defeat the rights of contesting parties.
j Then, as a party to the contest, I was entitled to
! such notice as the lata requires?for I had rights. I
! had rights to protect! The people that I claim to
j represent had rights to be affected by that exam-
; ination. They and I, by the interpretation given
1 the law by the committee, had a right to the ten
days' notice. The committee seem to have for-
fotten the fact, that anybody had rights to protect
ut the contestant, ana were willing to come to a
decision in the case, and publish it to the world,
upon evidence thus taken. It is true, after they
had made up their minds in the case upon this
ex parte evidence, as an act of grace to me, they
concluded I might take some testimony, inasmuch
as 1 was so unreasonable as to object to this,
farticularly as they understood I wished to do so,
but I shall have something to say in relation to
this extraordinary course of the committee after
awhile.)
The ninth section of this act, under which the
contestant notified me he would proceed, re-
quires that either party,when taking proof, must
be confined to the proof or disproof of the facts
stated in the original notice and answer. Inas-
much as the proof taken by him oil the 9 th of
March was not confined to the facts stated in his
; notice, but was on a different point altogether, it
was inadmissible for that reason, if any respect
is due to the law under which he pretended he
.! was proceeding. But another answer to the ob-
! jection of want of specific notice of ground for
contest, which this committee make, and which
I had overlooked, deserves to be perpetuated, and
I beg leave to note it here; it is this: that while
the notice itself might not have set forth so spe-
cifically, as the letter of the law required, never-
theless it was cured by the memorial which the
contestant presented at the opening of the session.
] Now, for some reason or other, that memorial
does not appear among the papers. I do not,
therefore, know what it contains, but let it con-
tain what it may, it is very singular that it would
answer for a defective notice—a paper that does
not make its appearance until after the case ia
made up and submitted to the House.
Since, then, these depositions were taken with-
out notice, and taken upon points not specified in
•the original notiee—taken in opposition to the
spirit and letter of the law; it would seem that
: reasonable men might pardon me for objecting to
them, and that the committee might have delayed
their judgment until some opportunity had been
| given the other side to be heard.
, This same ninth section of the act provides
! that no testimony shall be taken after sixty days
i from the day on which the answer of the sitting
I member shall be received by the contestant. An
'; examination of the papers will show that that
' answer was received by the contestant on the 9th
1 day of January, 1855; and though he notified
; me that it was under this act that he would take
; i depositions, he fixed, the very last day to com-
j mence on which depositions could be taken,
: thereby cutting me off from taking testimony
II tinder the law. Now, why the contestant, while
pretending to be proceeding under this act, should
so arrange his notice as to commence this evi-
dence on the very last day evidence could be
taken, thereby cutting me off from taking testi-
mony, and compelling me to run the hazard of
getting permission from the House nine months-
afterwards, I will leave the contestant, and his
"friends on the committee, to explain ; and yet, in
view of all this, I am not to complain that he did
not give me the notice the law requires ! So you
may take this law and examine it, and you will
find that there is scarcely a provision in it neces-
sary to the protection of my rights as the sitting
member, that he has not either violated or evaded.
