926
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 16,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Illinois Contested Election—Mr. Allen.
Ho. of Reps.
But I pass to the second act of this grand
" Comedy of Errors." And I call your attention
to what purports to be a second return made by
Hutchinson, Wyrick, and Birch, as judges, and
Hanks, as clerk of the election, on which return
the contestant bases iiis claim to a seat here. It
will be remembered that this election took place
on the 7th day of November, 1854, and this second
return was made on the 2d day of March, 1855,
about four months after the election. And it is
proposed to set aside the qriginal return made at
tke proper time, made by the proper judges and
clerks, made in pursuance of the laws of the
State, made by men sworn to make a correct
count and return, liable to severe penalties for
failing to do so, and take as correct and true in
its stead a count and return made four months'
after the election, made by two pretended judges
and one clerk, made under the direction of the
contestant, and under the surveillance of divers
outsiders, made without any notice" to me that
such an examination was to be made, or without
buy intimation to any friend' of mine that such a
transaction was contemplated—made, too, under
the false pretense that the same was done under
oath, and under the further pretense that the bal-
lots had been preserved according to law. I have
said this count was made without the authority of
law: When the j udges made their count and return,
on the 7th of November, 1854, their official connec-
tion with that election ceased; their duties were
completed; and a judge might as well undertake to
revise his judgment, after his court had adjourned,
or after his term of office had expired; or a jury
revise their verdict after they had rendered it, and
been discharged. I have said that this was done
under the false pretense, that these men were act-
ing under oath, when they afterwards testify that
they were not sworn to the return until the 9th
of March. Is it answered that they were acting
under the oath taken by them on the 7th day of
November ? then 1 answer that they were engaged
in an act which the law did not require of them;
and, however false might be the return, the law
would inflict no punishment; however prejudicial
to me might be the act, I have no redress. Is it
answered that the oath taken on the 9th was
sufficient? then I reply that the act was one
which the law did not require of them; and, if it
did, the statute required them to be sworn before
entering on the discharge of that duty, and not
afterwards; so that, in any light in which this paper
can be viewed, it is not entitled to the dignity of
an official paper.
I have said that this return was made by two
pretended judges and one clerk. It is true that
three of them signed it; but the testimony taken
on the 9th shows that Wyrick was not present
when the ballots were recounted, and coula there-
fore have known nothing as to the correctness
of the count, though he certifies to its accuracy,
and swears on the 9th it was all done according
to law. There seems to have been but one clerk,
though the evidence shows that one Brown had
acted as clerk during the transactiqn. Why he
was not sworn with th« others does not appear;
so that we have a return made by two judges
and one clerk, made four months after the elec-
tion, made by men notactingunder the solemnity
of an oath, and without the authority of law, to
overturn the official act of a full board, with all
- its sanctions and safeguards. I have said that it
was at the request, and under the direction of the
contestant, that this second count was made; and
in this I am sustained by the evidence of Hutch-
inson and Hanks, who swear that he was pres-
ent, and that he and others were handling the
disputed tickets before they were finally determ-
ined upon._ Then, if this was a proceeding
sanctioned by the law, it was aflagrant violation
of their duties to permit this outside surveillance
and interference with their duties. But to give
dignity and importance to this proceeding, the
majority of the committee in their report have as-
sumed, (and this, too, without a shadow of testi-
mony to sustain them,)that these judges and clerks
were in office at that time. The law of Illinois-
makes it the duty of the county sourt to appoint
three judges for each election precinct, who are to
hold their office for two years; and in case they
or either of them refuse to serve, or a vacancy in
this board of judges occurs in any manner, then
the voters on the day of election are to agree
upon some one to fill such vacancy at their elec-
tion. The judges thus chosen select their clerks
" pro tempore" and their functions cease with
the>election for which they were appointed; so
that the clerks on the 2d of March ccpild not be
in office. And whether these judges were ap-
pointed by the court, and, if so, when they were
appointed ?—whether any part of them were se-
lected by the voters on the day of election pro
tempore ? are questions in regard to which we
have no evidence. The assumption, that they
were in office, is wholly gratuitous. These judges
may, or may not have been. The proof that they
were must come from the contestant.
But the contestant, to avoid the difficulty into
which he would fall, in assuming that this was
an official act, and as such entitled to credit, as-
sumes, in his statement filed before the commit-
tee, that this second count and return are not to
be regarded as entirely an official act, with the
full force and credit due to such an act, but that
it should be regarded as one " link in his chain
of evidence." Now, suppose we admit this view
of it to be correct, it is the transaction upon which
j this contest is based—it is the most important
link in the entire chain. It supports the whole
weight of the fabric; and yet that link was forged
and welded without giving, or attempting to give,
me any notice of the time and place when the
operation was to be performed. It was done late
in the evening of the 2d of March. It was done
under the superintendence of the contestant, aided
by a posse of outsiders, one week before he pro-
posed to me to take depositions. I submit that
the contestant by his view, in attempting to avoid
Scylla ran upon Charybdis.
But I proceed to a consideration of the evidence
taken on the 9th of March. The judges, Hutch-
inson, Birch,and Wyrick, all testify that, on the
count of ballots made on the 7th of November,
after the close of the polls, they found for myself
forty-seven votes, ana for the contestant, Colonel
Archer, one hundred votes, and that they all
verily believed that count to be correct; and they
also testify that, on the 2d of March, at the re-
counting, they found in the ballot-box for myself
forty-six votes, and for Colonel Archer one hun-
dred and two votes, and that they verily believed
that count was the true count, &c., and so make
their return; each using nearly the identical lan-
guage all the way through; each swearing, in
stereotyped phrase, that the ballots were replaced
in the ballot-box, and kept according to law,
j neither of them giving a word of explanation as
to how the mistake had occurred.
Hanks, the clerk, is rathec more circumstantial
in his testimony, for he discloses the fact, that
the judge, on the second count, m calling over
the ballots, came to two which he laid aside as
having been cast for neither Colonel Archer nor
myself; that Wyrick was then sentfor,and, after
consultation, the board decided that " these votes
should be given to Colonel Archer." This closed
the examination for that day, and is the sum of
the testimony on this point, as presented by the
contestant to the House at the opening of this
session. Upon this testimony as to a miscount
in that precinct 1 was willing to rest; for it seemed
to me that the safeguards thrown around the
ballot-box by our law, during the pendency of
an election, and until the votes are counted out,
amount to but very little, if the subsequent action
of the officers, when under no obligations or re-
straints, can overturn all the securities and rights
acquired by law. The statute of Illinois, on the
subject of the receipt and preservation of ballots
until they shall have been counted, is very strict,
and rightly so. It requires that the judges, upon
separating at any time during the balloting, or
until the ballots shall have been counted, shall
seal up the ballot-box, lock it, and give the key
to one, and the box to another, so as to prevent
the possibility of committing any fraud upon the
ballots; this, too, while the judges are acting,
under oath, and responsible for misfeasance and
malfeasance in the discharge of their duties; but
when the vote is once counted they (the ballots)
have performed their office, and the law does not
require their preservation any longer. Great
Stress is laid upon the fact, that the judges swear
that •• the ballots and ballot-boxes were carefully
preserved according to law." Now the ballot-
box is kept according to law, whether kept in
the cellar or the garret—in the shop or anywhere
else, so that it is returned to the judges when
next needed. The ballots may be put back into
the box,_or thrown by as waste paper, or on the
fire, as is often done, and yet all be done according
to law, or rather no law be violated. At one poll
they are preserved—at another destroyed. If a
mistake occur where they are destroyed, no cor-
rection can be ma^e. Take two cases that are
said to have occurred at this same election in
that district. I am informed that at Sullivan
when the counting of the ballots was finished it
was discovered that the aggregate vote was greater
than the number of ballots cast, and that, instead
of correcting the mistake by a recount, the ballots
were cast into the fire, and a correction put be-
yond possibility. Take the vote at Charleston,
and I am told that, on a recount of the ballots
made by some gentlemen a short time after the
election, I had one more vote than was given me
by the judges. Whether that ballot was added
to the others after the election I do not know;
but these ballots were not preserved, nor do I
presume it ever will be known. I refer to these
two instances to show that great injustice might
be done to a people by preserving one poll, wait-
ing till the others were destroyed, and then chang-
ing the result by a recount; when no punishment
could be inflicted upon any one for changing the
ballots, or when, if they were not changed, the
party against whom the correction operated could
not have the benefit of any error that might have
been committed against him elsewhere.
But it is contended that these ballots were
carefully preserved, having been put into the box
after'the first counting, and remained undisturbed
and unmolested until the 2d of March. The
evidence taken by the contestant in April last
will show that there is a very wide difference of
opinion between the two judges, Hutchinson and
Birch, as to the means taken to preserve the bal-
lots from fraud. I allude to the testimony as to
the disposal of the key of the ballot-box. This
was the key to their preservations, and this was
the key to their fraud, if one was perpetrated.
Hutchinson swears that the tickets were put
back into the box, and the box locked, (not
sealed, and the b x and key both retained by him,
the key being his own private property. Birch
swears that he saw the ballots put chrtfully back
into the box, the opening at the top of the box
sealed up, the fastening under the lid adjusted, and
that, after the box was locked, the key was given
to him. Now, here is a direct contradiction, as to
the means used to preserve the ballots, between
the two judges, who profess to know all about
what was done. Birch, who recollected so dis-
tinctly the sealing of the opening, the adjusting
of the fastening of the box, eould not be well mis-
taken about taking the key. That key he says he
lost. Of course that exonerates him of all sus-
picion of having unlocked the box, for how could
he unlock it when the key teas lost ? But this does
not preclude the hypothesis, that some one else,
who either surreptitiously obtained the key from
him, or found it after he had lost it, opened the
box, and adjusted the ballots so as to change the
result.
But |t is answered, that the box was kept by
Hutchinson, and much stress is laid upon the fact,
that he was a political friend of mine.
Well, I am free to admit, that that is a circum-
stance that weighs much in favor of his honesty;
for those who stood by me in that contest, had
to withstand many temptations; but while my
friends may all be honest, they are not all cir-
cumspect. It is not to be supposed that his eye
was continually upon the box, or that he carried
it about his person. We cannot learn from the
evidence where or how it was kept; and if one
had designs upon it, a thousand opportunities
were doubtless presented for meddling with it.
Shops and even dwelling-houses are seldom
locked in the West; men do not always keep
such an eye on their purse or money-chef t as
to prevent the thief from stealing it; and it is not
to oe presumed that a man would preserve so
carefully a box of paper, that he did not sup-
pose would ever be of any use whatever to any
one, and yet th«r« were men who would have
