1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
937
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Illinois Contested Election—Mr. Allen.
Ho. of Reps.
risked a great deal to have accomplished my
defeat.
The loss of that key is fraught with suspicion•,
and when you remember another fact disclosed by
the testimony of Hutchinson, taken on the 14th
day of April last, the feet, that some one had been
meddling with it, becomes irresistible. It will
be remembered that the judges and clerks had no
suspicion that a mistake in counting the ballots
had been made on the original count. Hutchinson
swears that " the votes were recounted at the re-
quest of William B. Archer, who informed us that
a mistake had been made in the count." Now,
that discovery was made after the first count;
'somebody ,made the discovery; and the discov-
ery could only be made by an examination. Tell
me, then, sir, that ballot-box had been kept in-
violate, and you tell me what will not be believed.
Two of the judges had, by their own statement,
means of access to the ballots. The key which
Birch had was lost, and the person into whose
Eossession it came had means of access to the
allots; somebody discovered a mistake; that mis-
take could be discovered only by an examination.
And yet we are told that the box was safelv kept.
I presume it was as safely kept as the law re-
quired it to be, and that was just so .safely as
would enable Hutchinson to return it to the judges
at the next election. Bute-there is another thing
a little strange, and a little inconsistent with the
evidence of the sealing and locking of this box
after the first count,' and it is this: The law re-
quires that one poll-book and one tally-paper shall
be retained by the judges, for the inspection of
any voter who may desire to inspect the same.
Is it not a little strange that the poll-book and
tally-paper should have been put into the box,
and secured from personal inspection, when Birch
himself swears he retained the key ? Is it not in-
explicable that Birch and Hutchinson should take
such particular care, not only to secure and
conceal the ballots, which the law did not re-
quire them to secure and conceal, but also to
secure and conceal the poll-book and tally-paper,
which the law required should be left* open for
inspection ?
But it is said that the tickets were not disturbed,
for the judges identify them as being the same at
the second as at the first count. It is true those
judges say they believe them to be the same, and
they may be honest in this belief; but to say they
would be able to identify the one hundred and forty-
nine ballots counted on the 7th of November, as
identically the same as those on the second count
of 2d of March, is to attribute to them a power
of identifying superior to what any man in this
broad land has ever possessed. That the three
tickets originally rejected, of which mention is
made in the evidence had, may have been identi-
fied by them, I admit, for they had peculiar
characteristics, by which they might be distin-
guished from others; but that the other one
hundred and forty-six could each have been iden-
tified, is what no reasonable man can believe.
They have testified, in this regard, at random,
not weighing the import of the language used, or
the conclusions which might be drawn from it,
as has been shown in other instances.
But, sir, suppose there' were no objections to
the original notice, or any subsequent proceeding
under it, or no conflict of evidence about the
preservation of the ballots, and that everything
had been conducted according to law, up to the
time the count commenced on the 2d day of
March, 1855—then I maintain that, by the well
settled law of evidence, the contestant has failed
to show that any ballots cast for the contestant
were improperly rejected on the first count, and
that he was entitled to one hundred and two votes
instead of one hundred, at that precinct.
What evidence have we in favor of the rejec-
tion of the two ballots which he claims were cast
for him? In the first place we hate the deliberate
judgment of the three judges appointed for that
purpose, given when the sanctity of their oaths
were fresh upon them—when the penalty of the
law was suspended over them—when these bal-
lots were fresh as they came from the hands of
the electors—when they were protected by the
law from outside influences—when it was not
known that the counting or rejection of these two
ballots could affect the general result of the elec-
tion either one way or the other—when, of all
other times, they had more to influence them to do
right, and less to do wrong—without a single dis-
sent, they conclude the ballots were not intended
fbr him, and ought to be rejected. Against all this,
he has the opinion of two of these judges, given
uppn an examination made four months after-
wards—made without oath—made without legal
obligation—made in the presence, and under the
direction, of the contestant—made in the presence
of a pack of meddling outsiders—the final decision
as to the two ballots, made after the same had
been subjected to the handling of ajiy one who
saw proper to do so, and made, too, when it was
known that the change of these two votes would
change the result in the district—I say, made by
two judges, for the evidence shows that Hutch-
inson dissented from the others. Now, I ask, by
the law of evidence, what judgment will you take ?
I am authorized to say that the latter was the ;
judgment of but two, for Hutchinson swears that
he still thought " the name of Archer had been at-
tempted to be erased and Hanks swears that on
the second count, when the judges came to the
two ballots which had been originally rejected, !
they disagreed as to whether " I, or Colonel i
Jlrcher, should have the two ballots which were con-
sidered doubtful." Not being able to settle the
dispute themselves, they sent for Wyrick, the
other judge, " to help them decide;" and after
consultation by the judges, they ordered them to
be tallied to Mr. Archer. J3o I maintain that but
two of the judges concurred in this last examina-
tion. It seems it was doubtful which of us should
have them; but, inasmuch as the contestant was
a little behind in the race, they gave them to him,
and thereby put him a " lick ahead."
But let us place the case in its strongest light
against me4 and in favor of the last conclusion
of the board of judges. Let us suppose they
were all acting under the same oaths and legal
liabilities at the second, as at the first count.
Were the circumstances under which this last if
decision was made such as the former; or had j
anything occurred between the two counts which \
would enable them to decide with any more cer- |
tainty ? This last decision was made m the early ,
part of the evening, most probably after candle- |
light; for the evidence is, that it " commenced at
four, and ended at seven by candle-light." In
coming to them in the regular count, they were
laid aside as disputed, the one judge contending
that, if they were counted a tall, they should^be
counted for me; the other contending they should
be counted for the contestant. Did the late hour,
the deeper shades of evening, the handling of
these ballots by others, as shown by the evi-
dence, tend to sharpen the sight, brighten the
perception, and strengthen the judgment of the
judges? I think not. The law of evidence is
against such a conclusion. Common sense for-
bids it. And I submit, that when you take all
the testimony, even admitting it to be legitimate,
and having around it the same obligations, the
weight of evidence is against the contestant.
But strip it of that moral force that the obliga-
tions of an oath, and the restraints of penal laws
imposed upon the judges in the first count, and
the last count does not weigh a feather in the
balance against it.
Having disposed of the evidence at the exam-
ination on the 9th of March, in regard to the two
ballots that were rejected on the original count,
I now desire to say a word in regard to the evi-
dence, as to a mistake of one vote in the number
I received at that poll, as returned by the judges
and clerks on the 7th of November. It appears
that on the 7th, at the first count, the clerks
agreed that I had received forty-seven votes at
that poll. It is now contended that I had but
forty-six, the number returned for me on the
second count, made on the 2d day of March.
What is the proof in relation to this? The de-'
positions first taken by the contestant are silent
upon this subject, but in the last batch of depo-
sitions he has undertaken to explain. Hollings-
head's testimony on that subject is as follows, (he
being one of the clerks:)
" Jlwmer. The ballots, after the pollf were closed, were
taken out and counted, and the lists of the voters' names
were each found to be one hundred and Torty-nine. In
counting out the votes, £, M. Hanks, one of tb« clerks,
had one more vote for Mr. Allen than I had, and I had one
more vote for Mr. Archer than he had. I told Mr. Hanks
I did not hear him call some time back, and told linn I
thought the mistake occurred about five tickets back. The
judges ordered us to compare five tickets back, which we
did, and then we supposed he was right in the count, when
1 markedoff one vote from my tally-paper for W. B. Archer,
and he left his stand for >lr. Allen. There were one hun-
dred and forty-nine votes polled at said election—one hun-
dred of which were counted for YV. B. Archer, and forty-
seven for J. C. Allen; and that the same was so certified
by us, sealed up, and given into the hands of one of the
judges.
" Cross-examined by John Scholfield, agent for Mr. Mien.
" Question first. State whether, at ttie conclusion of the
first counting, you thought all errors in said counting were
corrected; and whether the judges at said election ex-
pressed themselves at that time satisfied therewith?
" Answer. I did not think so. I do not recollect to have
heard the judges express themselves concerning the mat-
ter."
That some difference in the count occurred is
evident. If what he says about not thinking the
count correct is true, he was as an officer guilty
of criminal neglect, and but little confidence is
due his statements made afterwards. Hanks, in
his testimony on this point, is clear and conclu-
sive. He states in his deposition;
" The clerks commenced to tally for the several persons
voted for; and after we had proceeded awhile, Mr. Hol-
lingshead contended that a mistake had been made, and
we were ordered by the judges to count back to the pre-
ceding tally, saying that they would call the tickets back
in like manner, so as to ascertain where the mistake was
made, and which one of the clerks was wrong ; and, hav-
ing counted back some four or five ballots, it was discov-
ered that Mr. Hollingshead had marked one vote too many
for Mr. Archer, which vote the judges ordered to be stricken
off of Mr. Hollingshead's tally-list, and being done, the
tally-lists agreed; and, in the progress of the count, the
judges came to three tickets which were not counted
for either Archer or Allen."
He states that it was corrected, and states how
it was done, that the judges counted back the bal-
ots until they found it. But it was found that to
give one hundred votes to the contestant, and forty-
seven to me, would, with the three rejected ballots,
give a total of one hundred and fifty; one more
vote than there were ballots cast; hence, they
conclude that, as somebody got one more vote
than he ought4o have had, it should be taken
from my vote.
It may be that they thought, as the clerk had
made one mistake in favor of Colonel Archer, he
would most likely make the next one in favor of
myself. But, failing to get any proof that I had
one too many, they were compelled to rely upon
the preservation of the ballots; and inasmuch as
they found but forty-six ballots for me in the
ballot-box on the 2a of March, they conclude
they had counted one too many for me on the
7th of November. This embraces the sum of
the evidence taken on the 9th of March, 1855.
The contestant, on the 5th day of April, 1855,
before the same judge, without giving me any
notice, or, so far as I have any information,
attempting to give me any, proceeded to take
further depositions in relation to illegal votes; and
after swearing and examining Joseph Lowry,
he elicited the fact that Joseph Lowry had been
a resident of the State of Illinois only from the
6tli of March preceding, the law of Illinois re-
quiring a residence of twelve months to entitle
him to vote, and that he had voted at the elec-
tion in Clark county. This was all well enough
for the contestant, as it showed that Lowry
had voted illegally; but unfortunately for him,
when asked the question, he swore that he voted
for Colonel Archer, Here is his own witness
swearing that he voted for him, and showing by
his own statements that he voted illegally. Col-
onel Archer, in his statement filed before the com-
mittee, admits that he did so vote, and that liis
vote was illegal; and yet the majority of the com-
mittee, in their Endeavor to show that I am not
entitled to my seat, in the face of his testimony,
and of Colonel Archer's own admission, and in
violation of all rules of evidence, have gone into
an argument to show that he did no such thing;
and to that reasoning of the committee in'the
majority report, as a matter of curiosity, I desire
to call the attention of the House:
" Joseph Lowry voted in the county of Clark, and for
the contestant. He s4fys that,' I was in the State of Illi-
nois in the fall of 1852, and stayed some three or four weeks,
and left two shirts, and never returned until the 6th day of
March, 1854.'
" All this may have b«ea true con i Mnt!y with Lowry'■
