930
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 17,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Illinois Contested Election—Mr. Harris, of Illinois.
Ho. of Reps.
of the clerks had stricken one vote off from Mr.
Areher's list at the time, there being a dispute
about the correctness of the list.
Mr. HARRIS. It is an old maxim of logic,
" nil agit exsmplum litem quod lite resolvit." It ef-
fects nothing to remove one difficulty by raising
another. It is said that it was notorious that
there was a discrepancy between the votes cast
for the candidates and the number of names upon
the tally-list, and it was the easiest thing in the
world for one of the judges to have informed Mr.
Archer that a clerk had stricken one vote from
his list. Now, sir, we are trying this case upon
the tea tin*) ny; and I ask him to put his finger on
the first word to show that there was such noto-
riety.
Mr. NORTON. My colleague seems determ-
ined not to understand me. I have not stated
that it was notorious that there were more votes
cast than there were votes counted. What I stated
was, that there were one hundred votes counted
for Mr. Archer, forty-seven for Mr. Allen, and
three not counted at all; and that they had only
to compare this result with the tally-list in the
clerk's office, and inform Mr. Archer, or any-
body else, of the result.
Mr. HARRIS. Let me commend again to the
consideration of my colleague the logical maxim
already quoted. He now says, by way of escaping
from the difficulties by which he is environed,
that " there were one hundred votes counted for
Mr. Archer, forty-seven for Mr. Allen, and three
not counted at all, and that they had only to
compare this result with the tally-list in the
clerk's office, and iifform Mr. Archer, or any-
body else." To whom were these facts so noto-
rious? Who knew them? Will my colleague
show me a word of proof that any one knew
these facts until after the contestant " informed"
the judges? for the judges state not that they
told Mr. Archer of it, but that he told them.
The judges and clerks believed all was right
until Mr. Archer told them differently. If my
colleague has any knowledge beyond the evidence,
It may have weight with him; but the House, 1
think, ought to decide the case upon the law and
the evidence. Besides, the point raised by my
colleague could have no force in, contesting this
election. The law of our State requires that
when there are more ballots in the box than
names upon the tally-list, the judges shall draw
from the box, indifferently, ballots until the num-
ber of votes shall correspond. This was not done,
and it is not asserted by them that it ought to
have been done; and yet the evidence shows-that
Mr. Allen justly received* his forty-seven votes
at the Livingston precinct, and Mr. Archer re-
ceived one hundred, one of which was illegal.
Let us examine this matter a little more closely.
It is stated that when the clerks had proceeded to
a certain point in the count, it was discovered that
•a error had been made in the tally-list, and the
judges ordered the clerks to count back until the
error should be discovered. This was done, and
the error was found; and what was it? Why,
the error was, that Hollingshead, one of the clerks,
had one more vote for Archer than he ought to
have had. Here is what Mr. Hanks, the other
clerk, says:
" Mr. Holtiagshead contended that a mistake had been
made, and we were ordered by the judges to count back to
the preceding tally, saying that they would call the tickets
back in like manner, so as to ascertain where the mistake
was made, and which one of the clerks was wrong; and,
having counted back some four or five ballots, it was dis-
covered that Mr. Hollingshead had marked one vote too
many for Mr. Archer, which vote the judges ordered to be
stricken off of Mr. Hollinehead's tally-list, and being done,
the tally-lists agreed." '
This shows that, if Allen had too many votes
tallied to him, all the judges and both the clerks
had not discovered it; ana it also shows, if true,
that Hollingshead had made two mistakes, one
in giving a vote too many for Allen, and one in
giving a vote t&o mahyfor Archer; and also shows,
if true, that both clerks had blundered, but upon
opposite sides. Now this is straining the judges
ana clerks too much; and the only way to relieve
them, is to take it upon their own statement, and
allow one error of giving Archer an extra vote,
whifch error was promptly discovered and cor-
rected. All were satisfied they were right, and
they were right. They closed up their work, and
Sure Archer one hundred, Allen forty-seven, and
never dreamed of error. How is this conclusion
overturned? Why, four months afterwards, a
promiscuous crowd overhauled the ballot-box to
find an error, known only to contestant, who had
never seen the inside of the box, and at this
recount only forty-six ballots were found for
Allen, and they forthwith cut him down to that |
number. If the next day they had taken another
count and found forty-five ballots, they would
have cut him down again! Of course, if they
made a return at all, they would make it as they
found it; but the objection is to their making a
second return at all.
It is said the box was "safely kept." But
how safely ? Where was it? The witnesses say
it was safely kept. That might be a matter of
opinion—what one person would consider safe
keeping, another would not. Was it in a garret
or cellar—in a counting-room—a lumber shed—or
in an iron safe, with divers keys? Let us have
the facts and we can judge how safely it was kept.
But we have not a word of it. The witness, Mr.
Hutchinson, testifies like a man of truth, and 1
believe he is; but opinions are not evidence.
And yet, with all these doubts, omissions, and
irregularities, clouding the case of the contestant, ji
we are asked to set aside the unanimous return I;
of the judges and clerks—made when there was I
no passion nor prejudice to sway, and no chance I
for fraud to deceive, and substitute one made out'
of time, out of place, and after circumstances had
transpired which lead us to look with the strong-
est grounds of suspicion upon the contents of the
ballot-box. I cannot tell how gentlemen will
vote in this case, but I do not believe there is a '
member here who would not consider it unjust to
be turned out of his seat upon the same state of
facts.
There are two ballots which were rejected by
the judges and clerks, at the original canvass of
the votes, which, it is now alleged, ought to be
counted for the contestant. When they were cast,
when the marks were fresh upon them, all the
judgesand clerks rejected them. Yet, four months
afterwards, when it was necessary to change the
result of the election, a recount was had—without
authority of law—a crowd of bystanders present;
the ballots were handed about, and fingered at
will by all who chose to see them; and then, after j
all this, the two judges present disagreed, and a
third man was sent for, who said they must be !
counted for Archer; and it was done. Can any
one suppose that different ballots could not have i
been, during this time, substituted for those J
originally polled? or that the pencil marks across
the name of Archer could not have been removed ?
Is there any reasonable doubt that the first
examination, made when the marks were fresh, :
and when all the judges and clerks agreed in '■
throwing them out, was one upon which more |
i reliance ought to be placed than the last? But'
j where are those ballots? If it is objected to
■ throwing them out—and it is a matter to be de-
cided by inspection—we should have an opportu-
nity to see them. The judgment had once been
passed; and, as it was matter of opinion, and not
fact, when they recounted, I assert that they had
no power, at a subsequent time, to reverse their
judgment.
| But it is said there was only an attempt at
erasure, not an erasure in fact, and that therefore
they ought to be counted for Mr. Archer. It is
not pretended that the contestant has complied
with the law in making his contest. He relies
upon certain equities. Is it not a rule of equity
that a thing is to be considered as done which is
intended to be done ? If it is manifest, from the
inspection of a ticket, that the voter intended to
erase a name from it, ought the judges to say
that it is true he intended to scratch it off—to erase
it—but as he has only drawn his pencil or pen
across it, and has not entirely scratched it off,
that therefore it shall be counted, and the will i
of the voter disregarded? A mark—a scratch, |
whether made by pen, pencil, or charcoal—if it
is clear that the intention was to mark off the j
name, it ought not to be counted. Yet, byapiece 1
of petty special pleading, such as but one man in 1
Illinois could get up, it is said, despite the inten- 1
tion of the voter, that " they do not erase the
name," and the votes iftust be counted. If we j
could aee the tickets, we could judge of the inten-
tion, and we could form some opinion of the
facts. Now we must form our opinions from the
opinions of others. Look at the circumstances
attending this recount. The first was made under
authority of law, unaffected by interest or pas-
sion, when the ballots were in a condition to most
clearly indicate the intention of the voter, and
all concurred in rejecting these two. Yet, four
months afterwards, when it was known or sup-
posed that a change of two votes would change
the election—when an important political object
was to be gained—after keys to the ballot-box had
been scattered around, and opportunity offered of
access to the ballots; after the contestant himself
informed the judges of what they never dreamed
of before—that an error had occurred in their
count, the judges meet—a crowd assembles; and
while the other ballots are counting, the crowd are
fingering and rubbing the questionable ballots—to
rub out or rub in; the judges then, after all this, by
a division of two to three, reverse their first judg-
ment—which had been unanimous—and count
these ballots, and thus reverse the election. And
now, when we want to see the ballots, they are
not to be found! You might as well try a cause;
upon a deposition not read, as to decide upon
these tickets without seeing them. They are
missing from some cause unknown. I charge no
one with having taken them away, for I know
nothing about it. But they were attached to the
depositions, and even they are not shown by the
committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to say
that those ballots were brought here by the con-
testant to make out his case. They were sent to
the Clerk's desk, and thence to the public printer,
a political friend of the sitting member. It is not
fair or ingenuous to insist there is wrong in the
matter. These ballots are lost, and they are
proved to have been in the hands of the printer
when they were last seen. , *
Mr. HARRIS. I want no lectures upon in-
genuousness from that quarter, nor from those
who act with that member. If they were brought
here by the contestant, and it was found that
inspection of them would injure his cause, as it
did, it would not be desirable, on his part, that
they should be preserved. We have seen too
much in the reports 6f this and other committees
of this House; and we have heard too much here
in debate, upon the credibility, or otherwise, of
testimony, because from a political friend or
enemy. In my judgment it is shameful. Even
the testimony of a physician cannot receive its
due weight until his political views are ques-
tioned. Sir, if it has come to this point, that a
man cannot be believed unless he be a political
friend or enemy, it is time that every old rule of
testimony should be discarded. And that seems
to be the effect of this majority report, because it
is stated, as the only test of truth, that certain
witnesses were particular friends or enemies of
one of the parties, as though that was to govern
the truth or falsehood of what a man might say
under the solemn sanctions of an oath.
I might, sir, allude to another matter in this
connection—the anxiety of this committee to
make out a case for the contestant. The con-
testant, when he states his own case, says that
he received " one illegal vote, and that the sitting
member received one illegal vote." That is the
candid statement which he made, when he present-
ed his case to the House; but the committee jump
clear beyond that, and state that the contestant
was wrong, and that no illegal vote was cast for
him, but, on the contrary, one was cast for hia
opponent. This anxiety of the committee to make
out a case for the contestant, which induces them
to go beyond him, and beyond the testimony in
stating the case, would "excite astonishment, had
we not already become familiar with such acts.
They, in their zeal to make a strong case, really
contradict the contestant himself!
There is one point which must be borne in
mind, as it bears direct reference to this recount.
One of the judges was not present to look over
the recount, but came in after the recount was
had, and as they were closing up the affair. He
came in to pass upon the two ballots upon which
the question was raised, after they had been
handled by every bystander around the board. He
passed upon them as they were presented to him,
