1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S05
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Illinois Contested Election—Mr. Washburn, of Maine.
Ho. of Reps.
new the cut. The gentleman from Georgia was
present, I think, at one of the examinations of the
cut,and he may have differed from the others in
regard to it. He did differ as to its effect. Every
other name on the ballot than that of the contestant
waserased witji pen and ink, and was the name of a
Democrat. The names noterased were those of the
party to which Mr. Archer is attached. It would
be very strange if the contestant's name was in-
tended to be erased or obliterated by these light
cuts, when every other name on the ticket not
voted was plainly and fully erased by pen and
ink. I account for the cut in this way: Some one,
in separating the ballots—ten or a dozen of them
being together, it may be—cut an intermediate
one i* a different place from where he intended.
Every other name erased was erased with pen and
ink—every other name erased was that of a Dem-
ocrat. Contestant's name was not erased with a
pen and ink. Sir, there should be no doubt about
this vote. Members from Illinois and Indiana
saw the ballots. Every one that saw them hgreed
that two were ballots for Mr. Archer, and ought
to be counted. I should like to ask the gentlemen
who have seen them what is the impression made
on their minds after an examination of them ? I
will call on the gentleman from Indiana.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can be in-
terrupted only by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know what this
sort of trial is to lead to. If there is to be an
examination and cross-examination, I prefer the
witnesses should take their stand at the Clerk's
desk. Let the witnesses give their testimony
according to legal rules.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The chairman of the Committee of Elections is
entitled to address the House for an hour; and
it is not in order to interrupt him.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no legal testimony
before this House, as I understand, showing the
truth of the statements now made by the gentle-
man from Maine.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. WASHBURN. If gentlemen object, I
suppose it is not in order for me to yield the floor
to others to state their opinions, though I should
be glad to do so. The gentleman from Alabama
kindly desires that I should confine myself to
the testimony. It would have been well for the
gentleman to have made that suggestion some
time ago to gentlemen upon the other side of
this question; for, if I am not mistaken—and I
have paid strict attention to the debate—a great
portion of their remarks have been upon matters
outside of the testimony inthe case.
I am not without an inclination to follow to
some extent the example set me by the sitting
member and by gentlemen who have spoken in his
behalf. I come now to speak of the other ballot,
which, it is contended, contained a vote for the
contestant. That ballot had a slight blur as of a
pencil over the contestant's name. Every other
name was fully erased. I account for its appear-
ance in this way: Since I have been in my seat
this morning, a member of the committee has
given me a fac simile of the blur, and his explana-
tion as to how it came there. He has made upon
this paper, which I hold in my hand, a mark
with a pencil similar in size and appearance to
the mark which was upon the ballot, upon the
name next above that of the contestant. The
ballot was then folded over, as this paper is
folded over, and there was left upon that, as there
is upon this, an impression or appearance of a
pencil mark. As near as I can recollect, and in
this I am confirmed by several of the committee
who have examined this paper, the impression
which was upon that ticket was no- more distinct
than that upon the paper now in my hand. And
I ask, is there any man who, seeing a name
covered with a blur like that—not a blur exactly,
rather a suspicion of a blur—would say it was
erased, especially when he has evidence to satisfy
him as to how it was made ? All the rest of the
names were erased distinctly and clearly, but
this was not; it presented the appearance I have
described.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Allen] yes-
terday asked, if upon the name of a party to a
note appeared a cut, such as was across one of
the ballots, or a blur like that on the other, would
a banker or a broker discount it ? I answer, that
in my judgment neither would cast suspicion over
the signature. But that is not the true question;
it is this: "If in a suit against the maker of a note
of hand, a blur like that upon one of those ballots,
or cuts similar to those upon the other, should
1 appear upon the name of the maker of the note,
would a jury be authorized to find that the name
, was obliterated, canceled, erased, or in any way
] defaced, so as to destroy the signature?" To this
] question I would answer unhesitatingly in the
; negative.
; Now, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Geor-
gia differs from the committee and the officers of
election, and has argued with ability in favor
of his own conclusions. He is an ingenious man,
and is as able as any other to make the worse ap-
pear the better reason. He has drawn his con-
clusions, I have no doubt, honestly, and presented
his reasons skillfully. From the same evidence,
and the same examination of the ballots, the com-
mittee have arrived at different conclusions. Who
shall decide ? Who is right, and who will the
House follow ? The committee are sustained by
the officers of the election. Their judgment and
decision we have. They have made a supple-
mentary return, in which they state that these two
votes were truly given to, and ought to have been
counted for, the contestant, and that a vote was
counted and returned by mistake for the sitting
member. Upon this vote the committee did not
disagree. It is objected that they were not under
oath when they made this last return. This is a
mistake. By the law of Illinois, they were to
hold office until others were appointed in their
stead. They were in office at the time of making
this return, and, I am informed, are now in office.
In making the returnx they acted as judges and
clerks; their proceedings were colore officii, and
their oath of office attached to their doings at that
time.
Now, I ask if, holding and closing that election
late in the evening, and having some doubts about
the accuracy of their return, they preserved the
ballots, and. in the morning made up their
minds to examine them again, and did so, and
had sent to the proper county officer their cor-
rected return, whether the latter would not have
received it, and have been bound to transmit it to
the State canvassers ? Now, inasmuch as the
error was not ascertained and corrected until it
was too late for the amended return to go to the
State canvassers, they have done the next best
thing—they made their corrected return in form
of law to the proper county officers, and they
have sent an official copy to this House, and the
House has tjie same jurisdiction over it as if it
had been made in time to the State canvassers.
In that return they say:
State of Illinois, Clark county:
We, the undersigned, judges and clerk of the general
election in said county of Clark, and of Livingston precinct,
east of Marshall, on the 7th day of November last past,
1854, do hereby certify that, on a review and count of the
ballots thi3 day made with care, and to our satisfaction—
the ballots being on the said 7th of November put into a
box, locked, and kept in the hands of one of the judges, to
wit: H. H. Hutchinson, as required by law—in the return
made to the clerk of the county court, we gave a certificate
that William B. Archer had one hundred votes, and that
James C. Allen had forty-seven votes, the said Archer and
Alien being the only candidates running to represent the
seventh congressional district in said State of Illinois in
the Congress of the United States; that we find an error
was made in said count and return; and that it clearly ap-
pears that at said election said Archer truly received one
hundred and two votes, and said Allen got forty-six votes,
which error we now correct under our oaths, taken as
judges and clerk, (the other clerk, Mr. Hollingshead, not
being present this day,)—one hundred and two (102) to
said Archer, and forty-six (46) to James C. Allen. All of
which we hereby certify under our oaths taken, and our
hands and seals.
HENRY H. HUTCHINSON.
DAVID WYRICK.
J. J. BIRCH.
ELZA M. HANKS, Clerk.
)E, Clerk, [l. s.l
3LL, J. P. [l. s.l
i, J. P. [l. s.]
March 2,1855.
l. s.
l. 8.
l. 8.'
l. 8.
State of Illinois, Clark county:
We, the undersigned, justices of the peace and clerk of
the county court, do hereby certify, that we opened the
"within writing, given by the judges and one of the original
clerks, of the general election, on the 7th of November
last past, returned to-the clerk's office this day, and by them
certified, as stated, to correct an error made in November
as respects the number of votes given to the Hon. J. C.
Allen and W. B. Archer, candidates running to represent
the seventh congressional district in the State of Illinois in I
the Congress of the United States, giving Mr. Allen forty-six
votes instead of forty-seven, and Archer one hundred and
two votes in place of one hundred; and which we place on
file in the clerk's office, with the original return, made in
November last.
Given under our hands and seals at Marshall, March 9,
1855.
A. B. BRISCOE,
J. STOCKWELL,
JESSE MARK,
State or Illinois, Clark county,ss:
I, Allen B. Briscoe, clerk of the county court within and
for said county, hereby certify that the above is a true copy
of a report made to me on the 9th day of March, A. D.
1855, by H. H. Hutchinson, one of the judges of the Novem-
ber election, A. D. 1854, as appears on file now in my office.
Witness, Allen B. Briscoe, clerk of said court,
[l. s.] and the official seal, at Marshall, this 17th day of
November, A. D. 1855.
A. B. BRISCOE, Clerk.
But, sir, whether or not they could act as
judges and clerks in the recount of the votes, and
in making the second return, is immaterial; for
they state, in depositions given on two different
occasions, the same things, which appear in the
return. If gentlemen have read the testimony
carefully, they will see that this is so. To be
sure, it does appear in the testimony of Hanks,
at one time, that two of the judges, Messrs. Birch
and Hutchinson, disagreed, and another of the
judges was called in. That is not testified to by
any other witness, and it is, by necessary infer-
ence, contradicted; and Hanks himself, at the
first time, made no such statement as that. But
it is entirely unimportant, because it appears
that 
Mr. STEPHENS, (interrupting.) What I said
before was in reference to what he stated took
place on the first count. I have here what he
stated took place on the second count. H4 says:
" There were found in the box one hundred and forty-
nine ballots, which number corresponded with the number
of names on the poll-list; and, in the course of this count,
the judges found the three tickets which were thrown out
on the first count; and the judges present, Mr. Hutchinson
and Mr. Birch, disagreed which, Mr. Allen or Mr. Archer,
should have the two ballots which were considered doubt-
ful, (if they should be counted for either,) the names of
Allen and Archer both having clearly been stricken off of
the third one. Mr. David Wyrick, the other judge, was
then sent for to form the full board of judges to decide
what should be done with said ballots, (meaning the said
two disputed ones;) and, after the said board of judges had
consulted together, they ordered the clerks to tally them to
W. B. Archer, which we did."
Mr. WASHBURN. That is all very true,
Mr. Speaker. But, as I stated, that appears in
no other testimony than in this witness's, and
not even in his first testimony. When Hanks
testified in March, 1855, he said:
" Mr. Hutchinson opened the ballot-box, and proceeded
to call over the ballots, and in so calling he came to two
ballots which, on his first impression, he considered spurious
ballots, because they were neither voted for Mr. Allen nor
Mr. Archer. They then laid said two votes aside, and proceeied
to count the remaining ballots in the box. Mr. David Wy-
rick was then settf for to associate with the balance of the
board, who came, and after consultation of the whole board,
they decided that the said two votes should be counted to
Mr. Archer. We then proceeded to count the tally-list,
and agreeably to their telling-off, Mr. Allen had forty-six
(46) votes, and Mr. Archer had one hundred and two (10JQ
votes."
And this corresponded with what all the others
testified to. It could not be true, as he stated in
his last deposition, that Hutchinson and Birch
" disagreed which, Mr. Allen or Mr. Archer,
should have the two ballots which were consid-
ered doubtful, (if they should be counted for
either,") as nobody ever pretended that Allen's
name was on either ballot.
Now, sir, Mr. Hutchinson himself—as we see
i by the record signed by him—states that thes6
! j two votes were, in his judgment, given, and truly
' given, to Mr. Archer.
Mr. STEPHENS. I must correct the gen-
tleman again. So far from what the gentleman
has said being sustained by the testimony, Mr.
Hutchinson himself 
Mr. WASHBURN. I will ask the gentleman
not to interrupt me unless I make a misstatement
of the testimony.
Mr. STEPHENS. I am directly on what I
conceive to be that point.
Mr. WASHBURN. It is a matter of argu-
ment entirely; and as I am coming to that yery
point 1 object to being interrupted by the gentle-
man from Georgia at this time.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman said that
if he misstated- 
