936
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 24,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Brenton.
Ho. or Reps.
Mr. WASHBURN. I was coming to an argu-
ment to show that the gentleman's inference was
incorrect.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia can explain what he has said if the gentleman
from Maine misrepresents him.
Mr. STEPHENS. The testimony of Mr.
Hutchinson, one of the judges, taken at the last
time, is distinct and explicit, that he believed that
two of those tickets attached to his testimony had
the name of Mr. Archer erased.
Mr. "WASHBURN. I will answer the gen-
tleman, not by any statement of my own, but by
reading what Mr. Hutchinson has said. It is
this:
" I think the names of Archer and Allen had been at-
tempted to be erased, and, notwithstanding subsequent ex-
aminations, I remain of the same opinion."
" Had been attempted." Yet he says in the
very same deposition that they were given to Mr.
Archer, and truly given to him. And he stated
the same thing as the best result of his examina-
tion at another time and in another deposition, as
well as in the return already referred to. At the
utmost, it had only, in his opinion, been attempted
to erase the name. The attempt was abandoned.
It was not executed. That is the most he says,
and the most the gentleman can make of it. And I
say further, and defy contradiction, that this was
the ultimate judgment of every one of these offi-
cers, and of the majority of the committee. And
nowlask.will this House set aside the cool delib-
erate judgment of these judges, and the judgment
of the committee ? Is there any reason—is there
any law, by which this House is to take the indi-
didual opinions of the minority of the Committee
of Elections, and cast aside the judgment and
opinion of the majority, and of all the judges
and clerks of the election ?
An attempt was made yesterday, Mr. Speaker,
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harris] to
convey the impression that there had been some
tampering with these ballots. Sir, there can be no
foundation in the testimony, it seems to me, for
this suggestion. It appears from all the witnesses
that these ballots were safely kept. They were
kept by Mr. Hutchinson; and it is stated that he
was a political friend of the sitting member.
The gentleman had gone on and charged, if not
the contestant, at least some of his friends, with
the fraud of tampering with the ballot-box—of
going to that box and changing the tickets which
were in it, or some of them. In reply to that
suggestion, I stated that the argument would fail
him, because the ballots were in the possession
of a political opponent of the contestant—and it
was so. It was true, also, as stated before, that
the majority of those officers who decided in fa-
Tor of the contestant were politically opposed to
him.
The gentleman's argument is, that one of the
keys which was lost by Mr. Birch, was found
by some bad man who opened the box and altered
the ballots. It seems to me that that is hardly
worthy of an answer. John Holmes, formerly
a member of this House, and for many years a
member of the other branch of the national Le-
gislature,* used to tell a story about a girl who
one day, as she was heating the oven, suddenly I
broke out crying. She was asked the cause of
her tears. "Why," said she, " I was thinking
if it should happen that I should be married, and
if it should so nappen that I should have a baby,
and if it should so happen that that baby should j
get into the oven heatea as it is now, and be burnt |
to death, how distressed I should be !" So if it
should so happen that the key was lost, and if it
should so happen that it was found by a bad
man, a friend of the contestant, and if it should
so happen that he stole into Mr. Hutchinson's
house while he was not present, and, without the
knowledge of his family, got access to the ballot- i
box, and counting over the one hundred and for- i
. ty-nine tickets, found these three ballots, and
altered them so as to make out a case for the j
contestant. Well, all that, perhaps,might have
happened. It is possible that it did happen; but
is it a possibility on which this House should
act?
, But how could these votes have been altered
to help the contestant? By what strange necro-
mancy—by what" devilish can trap sleighf'could
one succeed in reducing the dimensions of the
cuts in the ballot, in making them shorter than
before ? It would seem that these incisions must
have been enlarged, if altered at all, and to en-
large them would be against the contestant.
Then, as to the other ballot, if the design had
been to injure the sitting member, how much more
easy to have done it by erasing his name from
one of the ballots, than by attempting to remove
a pencil mark from the contestant's name! But,
sir, this idea of the alteration of the ballots is
simply absurd. The evidence that they were
carefully and safely kept is unimpeached and
conclusive. They nave been lost without fault
of the contestant, as appears by the statement of
the foreman of the printing-office. I will not
suggest that there was any fault on the other side.
The contestant brought them nere, relied upon
them, and deeply regrets their loss.
In reference to Lowry's vote, I only need refer
to the report. All that he states may be true
consistently with his having been a legal voter.
The report says:
" For all that appears, his residence may have been in Illi-
nois during the period of his absence. He may have left a
wife there; or his parents may have lived there, and their
home may have been his; it may have been so understood
and regarded by them all. He may have been absent on a
special errand or for a particular purpose, and with the in-
tention of returning. He may have had no home, obtained
no residence elsewhere. These suggestions must be nega-
tived before his vote can be rejected; that they cannot be
is inferable from the fact that no attempt has been made to
do so. It is to be presumed that the judges of election did
their duty and received no illegal votes. If they failed to
do their duty it must be proved. The presumption, that they
received no votes which they had not a right to receive, and
that no person voted who had not a right to vote, has not
been overcome by the evidence."
There were some other points made by the sit-
ting member and others who have spoken against
the right of the contestant to the seat which he
claims, to which I intended to allude; but as they
are not very important, I am unwilling to occupy
the time of the House to discuss them.
POSITIONS OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY, PAST
AND PRESENT; WITH REASONS FOR OPPOSING
THE EXTENSION OF SLAVERY.
SPEECH OF HON. S. BRENTON,
• '
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
July 24, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. BRENTON said:
Mr. Chairman: On the 4th day of March, 1853,
I stood on the east portico, as one of the vast
crowd which had assembled to witness the im-
posing, and yet simple, ceremonies of the inaugu-
ration of a new President of the most renowned
Republic of either ancient or modern times. I
partook, to some extent, of the enthusiasm of
that vast assembly, and although I had not as-
sisted to elevate to his high position the man
who was the center of attraction on that occasion,
ret, from the patriotic sentiments uttered by him,
was willing to forget the past, and to indulge
the fond hope that an Administration was about
to be ushered in that would be noted for its
nationality, and that would labor to maintain the
peace and quiet that generally prevailed through-
out the whole of our beloved country. This sen-
timent and feeling prevailed generally in all our
borders. If a spirit of discontent existed at all,
it was the result of.selfishness, and was confined
mostly to those whose hopes had been disap-
pointed, and whose plans were frustrated, by
their unparalleled defeat, and the success of an
almost unknown rival.
Under the most favorable auspices did the pres-
ent Administration enter upon its career. The
pledge of the President, that the existing repose
of the country should suffer no shock during his
official term, operated as an opiate, and threw the
nation into a quiet slumber, where it " lay as
peacefully, as quietly, as securely, in**the affec-
tions ofthepeople, as an infant on its mother's
breast." The Thirty-Third Congress convened
and was organized without any disturbing ele-
ment. True, some things had transpired abroad
which had excited suspicion; but at home all was
peace and quietness. Never had the representa-
tives of the people assembled in these Halls with
a brighter prospect for a calm, quiet, and busi-
ness-like session of short duration.
But, alas ! for human calculations; this was but
the calm that precedes the gathering storm or
approaching earthquake. Beneath the smooth
surface of the unruffled wave, a hideous monster
slumbered. In the background of the beautiful
picture, concealed behind a fair exterior, and
wreathed in smiles, lurked a foul spirit, panting
to thrust itself forward with a view to outstrip
others in the next contest for presidential honors.
The hideous monster slumbering in the deep—
the foul spirit concealed by the smiles of deceit,
was unhallowed ambition. The means for the
attainment of the end was a renewed agitation of
the question of slavery. So that in less than ten
months from the inauguration of these halcyon
days, there was heard the low mutterings of dis-
tant thunder, which portended a gathering storm;
soon, and suddenly, its awful peals awoke the
quiet slumbers of the past; an evil genius fanned
to a flame the subterranean fires which with earth-
quake violence has stirred anew the elements of
this nation from its center to its circumference.
Why this excitement ? The American people are
honest, intelligent, and confiding; they rely upon
their chosen representatives in the National Le-
gislature, and look to them for protection against
all evil measures. They are patient and forbear-
ing; not suspicious, but jealous of the nation's
honor. But when measures are proposed and
adopted, which are calculated to compromise the
national honor and integrity, and injuriously affect
the general welfare, their patience and forbearance
cease to be virtues, and they become aroused to
a sense of their own responsibility, and call to
a solemn account those who have betrayed the
trusts confided tS their care, whether it be a
party or individuals. Who, then, is responsible
for the disquiet which ftow pervades the public
mind? The answer is easily given. Since the
; 4th of March, 1853, the executive and legislative
! powers of this Government have been in the
1 hands, and under the control, of a party calling
itself Democratic, so that,if injury has been done,
| if wrongs have been committed, if evil has re-
j suited from any act performed, the responsibility
] rests upon that party. But what has been done ?
1 I answer, that this party, feeling secure in its
j strength, has, without any popular demand—
| without any political necessity—without the
1 excuse of any practical good, hoped for or pre-
tended—to the dismay of the peaceful millions
of the whole country—with views of party ambi-
tion, rekindled the fires of slavery agitation, by
opening the door and aiding in the effort to extend
and establish slavery in territory, which by a
national act, had been forever consecrated to
freedom. The repeal of the "Missouri compro-
mise," and the evils resulting from it, is therefore
the cause of the excitement now pervading the
public mind. With these evils the country is now
afflicted, and of them the people most bitterly and
justly complain. And for them the leaders of this
new Democracy are responsible.
To correct these evils, to allay all this excite-
ment, to vindicate the national honor at home and
abroad, and to restore peace and quiet to the
whole country, the people are now rising up in
the majesty of their strength, determined to hurl
from power those who have disturbed the nation's
peace and harmony, and thereby preserve the
Union, secure national equality, and restore the
Government to its original principles and purity.
The present position of the leading men of the
party calling itself Democratic, compared with
their former position and teaching on the sub-
ject of territorial legislation, and slavery exten-
sion, presents a chapter of gross inconsistency,
i which cannot be reconciled or explained, on any
| other principle than a subserviency to the demand
I of slavery propagandists. I refer especially to
i prominent men in the free States. But a few years
ago it was eminently Democratic to recognize the
| power of Congress to legislate for the Tern to-
ries; now this power is denied; then Congress
had the power to prohibit the introduction of
slavery in the Territories, and it was its duty to
| exercise it; now, this is denied. Time will not
