APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
937
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Brenton.
Ho. of Reps.
allow me to present & tithe of the authority at
my command to show what was then regarded as
the true Democratic view of this subject. A few
extracts must suffice. Mr. McClernand, of Illi-
nois, said:
•• In regard to them [the Territories] the jurisdiction of
this Government was supreme, and from very obvious prin-
ciples. The power to acquire territory is an incident to
every Government; it exists ex vi termini. Every Govern-
ment has claimed, and many of them exercised it. This
position predicated, what follows ? Of course, the natural,
necessary, and resulting power to govern the territory ac-
quired, which, being a complete power, of course involves
the power to determine whether slavery, or any other par-
ticular institution, shall exist in the territory." * * *
"It is no answer to this argument to say, that the power
in question is limited to the power of Congress ' to dispose
of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the
territory or other property of the United States,' in the
terms of the Constitution; because, if this power extends
beyond the mere function of administering territory as prop-
erty, whether in Territories or States—if it embraces the
power of civil government at all—of course it would as well
embrace jurisdiction of slavery in the Territories as any
other institution.''
These views were expressed in January, 1847;
and at the first session of the Thirty-First Con-
gress, he was regarded as sufficiently orthodox
to entitle him to rcceive the votes of twenty-three
southern, and twenty-seven northern Democrats
as a candidate for the Speakership.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I understand the
gentleman to state, that it is very clear to his
mind that Congress has the power to legislate on
the subject of slavery, to the extent of excluding
it from the Territories of the United States.
Mr. BRENTON. The gentleman has taken as
my opinion what I have read; it is the opinion of
a "distinguished Democrat, and quoted for the
purpose of showing the position of the Demo-
cratic party at that time.
Mr. MARSHALL. I understand that, but I
understand your own conclusion to be the same,
and that you are reading that extract as an argu-
ment.  
Mr. BRENTON. I have not given my opinion
yet; but I will do so before I get through, so as
to give the gentleman a clear understanding as to
what it is.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then, to save trouble, as
the gentleman can answer the question when he
comes to give his own conclusion, I will just
ask him, whether or not, when he concludes that
Congress possesses the power to exclude slavery,
he admits that the power to establish it goes with
the power to exclude it?
Mr. BRENTON. No, sir. While the power
exists to exclude slavery, there is no power in
the General Government, or any other govern-
ment, to establish or create slavery.
Mr. MARSHALL. One question more. How
can slavery get into a Territory, if it cannot go
there by authority of Congress, or by any other
authority? How, I say, on the face of God's
earth, can Congress exercise a power to exclude
that which could not possibly exist?
Mr. BRENTON. I answer, that slavery may
exist by force; and that, whenever it goes into a
Territory, it goes as a trespasser, and in violation
of right; therefore, Congress should interpose its
power to prevent its extension.
I now return to my argument.
Mr. McClelland, of Michigan, said, in Febru-
ary, 1847:
"We have, however, the power to impose taxes tipon
the inhabitants of a Territory, to regulate the right of suf-
frage in it, and, if we deem it advisable, to legislate for it,
without the intervention of a local Legislature. All these
act3 of the Legislative Council of a Territory are subject to
supervision, revision and correction of Congress." * *
" I do not subscribe to the opinion advanced by a northern
member that the question of political power alone is in-
volved ; and that we care not how many slaves are carried
into this Territory, provided the political power is thereby
increased. X believe the general happiness, prosperity,
and advancement of the whole Union, morally and politi-
cally, forbid its expansion."
" The South should be satisfied with the admission of
Texas into the Union, with power to form four more States
in her territory. This, in time, will be done; and where
is the counterpoise in the North or West ? One State may
be formed in Oregon, one west of Iowa and Missouri, and
one north of Wisconsin and Iowa, and all the free terri-
tory that is inhabitable is exhausted. Upper California we
ought, and, in all probability, will have, and it should be
free. Besides other considerations, it is far better adapted
to the pursuits of northern men, than to slave labor. Then
why exclude free labor ? Admit the slave, and you expel
the free laborer; for it is folly to think that our northern
men will emigrate to the most inviting country in the world,
where they know they will be compell ed to labor side by
side with the slave."
In reply to the member from Florida who had
declared that the South " will, when necessary,
overrun it, [the newly-acquired Territory,] as
they had done Texas, and establish slavery
there," Mr. McClelland said:
" Now, sir, does not this foreshadow what will come to
pass, unless the initiative steps are taken to prevent it?
Could there be a stronger argument to show the necessity
of our declaring a firm and unchangeable determination not
tamely to submit to the introduction of slavery into any
Territory that may be acquired ?"
Mr. Dunham, of Indiana, said:
" I have no doubt of the constitutional power of Congress
to pass the proviso. It is too late now to dispute the con-
stitutional power of tiiis Government to govern the Terri-
tories." * * * * " Hence, if we have the right, under
the Constitution, to govern these Territories, to legislate for
them, we have a right to inhibit slavery, unless our right to
legislate on that subject is limited by the Constitution itself.
I find no such limitation. We have, therefore, the unlim-
ited power of legislation upon that subject in the Territories,
and, of course, the power to prohibit it." «
The Democratic Convention which met at Bal-
timore in 1848, adopted the following resolution
as a part of its platform:
" 7. That Congress has no power under the Constitution
to interfere with or control the domestic institutions of the
several States, and that such States are the sole and proper
judges of everything appertaining to their own affairs, not
prohibited by the Constitution ; that all efforts of the Abo-
litionists, or others, made to induce Congress to interfere
with questions of slavery, or to take incipient steps in rela-
tion thereto, are calculated to lead to the most alarming
and dangerous consequences; and that all such efforts have
an inevitable tendency to diminish the happiness of the
people, and endanger the stability and perifianency of the
Union, and ought not to be countenanced by any friend of
our poliucal institutions."
From this it appears that the doctrine of " non-
intervention" was to be confined to the States,
and did not extend to the Territories.
Indeed, the convention went so far as to reject
the resolution of the minority of the committee
on resolutions, extending this doctrine to the
Territories, as the following extracts from the
minority report will show:
" The undersigned, a minority of the committee upon res-
olutions, ask leave respectfully to submit a minority report
to this convention. Believing that the success of the Dem-
ocratic party will depend solely upon the truth or untruth
of the principles avowed by this convention, and by the
nominee thereof, the undersigned cannot give their assent
to the report of the majority. The nominee of this con-
vention is understood to entertain the opinion that Con-
gress has no right to interfere with the question of slavery
in the States or Territories, but that the people inhabiting a
Territory have the exclusive right to exclude it therefrom.
The majority of your committee have only adopted the
principle as far as applicable to the States, and have thus
refused, in the avowal of the cardinal principles of the De-
mocracy, to express any opinion upon what is really the
most exciting and important political topic now before the
country, leaving the people to find an exposition of the
views of the great Democratic party of the Union, and of
the probable course of its representatives in Congress, in
the avowed opinions of their nominee for the office of Pres-
ident.
" This course we conceive to be fundamentally wrong.
"In order to obviate such a construction—in order to give
assurance to the public mind of our entire country that the
Democracy of the Union will preserve the compromises of
the Constitution, not only in the States, but in the Territo-
ries—that it recognizes entire political equality to exist
among the people, and their right to people, unmolested in
their rights of property, the vast territories which the Union
holds but as a trust until sufficiently populated to be erected
into States—the undersigned have agreed to present to this
body, for its adoption, the following resolution :
"Resolved, That the doctrine of non-interference with the
rights of property of any portion of the people of this Con-
federation, be it in the States or in the Territories, by any
other than the parties interested in them, is the true re-
publican doctrine recognized by this body.
" W. L. YANCEY, of Alabama.
" JOHN C. McGEHEE, of Florida.
"J. M. COMMANDER, of South Carolina.
" The question was taken on Mr. Yancet's resolution;
and it was, by States, rejected—36 to 216; as follows:
"Yeas—Maryland, 1; South Carolina, 9; Georgia, 9;
Florida, 3; Alabama, 9; Arkansas, 3: Tennessee, 1; and
Kentucky, 1-36.
"Nats—Maine, 9; New Hampshire, 6; Massachusetts,
12; Vermont, 6; Rhode Island, 4; Connecticut, 6; New
Jersey, 7; New York, —; Pennsylvania, 26; Delaware, 3;
Maryland, 6; Virginia, 17; North Carolina, 11; Mississippi,
6 ; Louisiana, 6; Texas, 4; Tennessee, 12; Kentucky, 11;
Ohio, 23; Indiana, 12; Illinois, 9; Michigan, 5; Iowa, 4;
Missouri, 7; and Wisconsin, 4—216."
The action of this convention was subsequently
stated and explained on this floor, by a distin-
guished gentleman from Indiana, who now stands
at the head of the Buchanan electoral ticket in
that State. On the 14th of February, 1850, Mr.
Fitch said:.
" I repeat, the principle under discussion—the principle
of 'intervention' with the slavery question in the Territo-
ries—was established by the ' ordinance of 1787,' and in a
form much more obnoxious to objections, on the part of the
South, than any now presented. But then it met their
approbation.
" The non-intervention doctrine of the Democratic na-
tional convention of 1848 was applied to States, not to Ter-
ritories. The convention expressly refused the adoption
of a similar resolution relative to the latter, and that refusal
was the alleged cause of secession from the convention by
the uitro mover of the resolution."
Whether the gentlemen whose opinions I have
thus given uttered them, like the gentleman from
I^Pbis, [Mr. Richardson,] "in a moment of
excitement," and now, "upon reflection, repu-
diate them as unjust and improper," I do not
know. All I know is, that each of them are now
acting with a party that does repudiate them.
In my own State the Republican party occupies
the same ground that was occupied by the Democ-
racy in 1848. The following is the resolution of
our Democratic Legislature:
"Be it resolved by the General Assembly of *the State of
Indiana, That our Senators be instructed, and our Repre-
sentatives in Congress be requested, so to cast their vptes,
and extend their influence, to have ingrafted upon any law
that may be passed for the organization of territory re-
cently acquired from Mexico, a provision forever excluding
from such territory slavery and involuntary servitude, oth-
erwise than in the punishment for crimes whereof the party
has been duly convicted."
On the 8th of January, 1849, the Democratic
State Convention adopted the following resolu-
tions:
" Resolved, That the institution of slavery ought not to
be introduced into any Territory where it does not now
exist.
" Resolved, That inasmuch as New Mexico and Califor-
nia are in fact and in law free Territories, it is the duty of
Congress to prevent the introduction of slavery within
their limits."
Such' was the position of the Democracy of
my own State up to 1854. Then they wheeled
about, approved of the Nebraska bill, because it
was,as they contended, abill in favor of freedom
rjorth and south of the Missouri compromise line.
Now, as they indorse the Cincinnati platform,
and the policy of the present Administration,
they are bold in the denial of the power of Con-
gress to legislate for the Territories. Having
become the allies of the South, and champions
in the cause of slavery extension, they zealously
maintain the southern dogma, that the Constitu-
tion carries the principles of bondage and servi-
tude wherever our flag floats, and that it is the
duty of the Government to protect them.
Mr. Chairman, as this is the issue now before
the country I desire to examine it, and to give at
some length my reasons for opposing the exten-
sion of slavery to the Territories of the United
States. And in doing so, it is my purpose first
to examine and dispose of the principal grounds
upon which those who are in favor of slavery ex-
tension claim the right to establish it in the Ter-
ritories of the United States.
The first position assumed is: "That as the
public domain, whether acquired by purchase or
conquest, is the common property of the States,
held in trust by the General Government for the
common benefit, therefore, the citizens of the
slaveholding States have a right to carry their
slaves on to this common domain, and hold them
as property; otherwise, they are deprived of their
equal rights with the citizens of the non-slave-
holding States." This position is specious, and
well calculated to deceive; and yet it is defective
as an argument. That the " public domain is
the common property of the States," may be
safely conceded. That it is " held in trust by the
General Government for the common benefit," is
also admitted. Where, then, is the error ? It is
in the conclusion; and here we differ. The con-
clusion is erroneous, in the first place, because it
is too broad for the premises. It proves too much ,
and therefore destroys itself. The right of the
General Goyernment to the public domain is the
same in the Slates that it is in the Territories, and
the same rules and regulations apply to its dis-
posal; hence it must follow, that, if the slave
States, as joint owners, are entitled to the privi-
leges of carrying slaves onto this public domain,
and holding them as property, they can do so in
the States as well as the Territories, and thus
establish their institution wherever there are pub-
lic lands to be disposed of by the General Gov-
ernment. Such a thing would be in violation of
