938
appendix to the congressionalglobe.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Brenton.
[July 24,
Ho. of Reps.
all the rights of a State to regulate its own insti-
tutions in its own way. The second error in the
general conclusion results from an improper inter-
pretation of what is called the "common benefit" ,
for which this public domain is held in trust by I
the General Government. What are we to un- '
derstand by this common benefit? I answer,
that as all the States are equally interested in the
support and defense of the General Government,
it is the duty of the Government, as a trustee, so
to dispose of the public domain as that its pro-;
ceeds shall form a part of the general fund t«fc-
fray its ordinary expenses, or otherwise direWp
or indirectly promote the general welfare. And
it is thus, ana thus only, that the public domain
inures to the common benefit of all the States. _
Another branch of the original proportion is
assumed in this form: it is said, "That when this
domain is organized into a Territory, or subjected,
by the laws of Congress, to sale and entry, the
people of all the States have an unquestionable
right to settle upon such domain, and take with
them their property, of whatever kind it may be."
That " the people of all the States have an un-
questionable right to settle upon such domain,"
is not controverted; while the conclusion from
the premises, in its general and unqualified sense
is denied. If it is intended that by property is
meant that kind, and that only, which is recog-
nized by the universal law of property, as such,
there still will be no controversy; but if by prop-
erty is meant human chattels, or property in
man, then we disagree, and deny that the prem-
ises warrant any such conclusion. I know that
this conclusion is met by this inquiry : " By
what authority do you exclude the property of
the citizens of the southern States from the com-
mon territory? To this I have an answer fur-
nished by a distinguished member of the present
Cabinet. He says :
" The answer is easily given; we do not attempt it.
Slaves, in contemplation of the Constitution, are not prcra-
erty, but persons. We have the power of prohibiting any
persons not citizens fr9m emigrating and settling there.
That slaves are not property or merchandise may be con-
sidered as fully settled."
" In the case of Groves et al. vs. Slaughter, (15 Peters's Re-
ports,) Mr. Walker, (now Secretary of the Treasury,) in a
very elaborate argument before the Supreme Court shows
this most conclusively. Speaking of the constitutional
power of Congress to regulate commerce between the
States, be says : * * * ' It was conimeree in merchan-
dise, and regarded as such by all the States, and not com-
merce in persons, that was designed to be regulated by Con-
gress.' * * * ' It is the Abolitionists who must wholly
deprive the staves of the character of persons, and reduce
them in all respects to the level of merchandise, before they
can apply to them the powef of Congress to regulate com-
merce among the States.' * * * ' The master has no
right to the flesh and blood, the bones and Binews of any
man, under the laws of the South.' * * * 'The right
is to the services of the slave.' It is plain, then, that the
exclusion or prohibition does not conflict with the consti-
tutional power of southern men to take their property or
merchandise into the Territory."
Mr. Chairman, the relative position of the par-
ties jointly interested in this common property
presents difficulties of vast magnitude, which
cannot be slightly passed over. One party, or
portion of the people, refuse to participate in
any way in the institution of slavery. With
them, every man is in the full enjoyment of that
freedom guarantied to American citizens by our
political institutions, which they regard as the
inalienable right of all men. On the other hand,
men are held in bondage, and the right to hold
property in man is recognized, and his inalien-
able rights are sacrificed to this principle. It
seems to escape the recollection of gentlemen
that the institution of slavery is different from
every other institution in our land, and that the
title to this kind of property is different from the
title to every other kind of property, and that insti-
tutions thus differing can never be made to occupy
the same common ground. There is another
striking difference, which "stands out prominent-
ly—it is this: with those who stand'opposed to
the institution of slavery, and its extension, it is
a question of principle, of liberty and humanity;
while on the other hand, it is a question of prop-
erty in human beings, and, consequently, of
bondage and slavery. Now, differing as they
do upon this principle, they cannot stand upon
an equality in reference to this kind of property.
Yet in everything else they may be equal. They
may stand upon an equality which embraces and
secures to them a right to the ownership of the
soil, together with its occupancy upon tne same
terms and conditions, in the enjoyment of the
same privileges and rights, and the possession
and protection of all such property, and such
only as is recognized by the general law of all
nations, which confer a right to property, inde-
pendent of local or municipal law. The enjoy-
ment and protection of these rights, and of this
species of property, under this universal rule, is
what constitutes equality. But as the title to
slaves is not thus recognized, but is wholly the
creature of local or municipal law, it follows
that its recognition in the common Territories
would be destructive of this equality, and create
distinctions inconsistent with republican princi-
ples, and contrary to natural right and equal
justice.
For the reasons thus given, I repeat that the
right to carry slavery into the Territories, on the
ground that they are the common property of all
j the States, and that they have the right to purchase
and occupy the soil, is a conclusion not legiti-
mately drawn from the premises. I am bappy
to find myself sustained in this position by an
authority, which is sufficient of itself, independ-
ent of any reasoning of my own, to settle the
question. Among the last speeches made by Mr.
Clay, in the Senate of the United States, I find
the following language:
"Nor, sir, can I admit for a single moment, that there
is any separate or several rights upon the part of the States,
or individual members of a State, or any portion of the
people of the United States, to carry slaves into the Terri -
tories, under the idea that those Territories are held in com-
mon between the several States. It is a joint property, held
by a common trustee for the general good, and to be admin-
istered by the General Government, according to its delib-
erate judgment of what will best promote the common hap-
piness and prosperity, and do justice to all."
Now, as there are sixteen of the thirty-one
States of this Union which do not recognize the
institution of slavery within their limits, and being
a majority of the joint proprietors of the common
Territories, is it not unreasonable for the minor-
ity to insist, that an institution purely local in its.
character, permitted and protected by local law
alone, should override the will of the majority ?
Most certainly. And here I will venture the
opinion, that if the question of slavery extension
could be submitted to a direct vote of all the peo-
ple of these United States, for their decision,
and if they were left to decide according to their
own convictions of right, independent of all
other considerations, nine tenths of them would
say, "No more slave territory."
Now, Eir, having disposed of two of the posi-
tions assumed by those who are in favor of the
extension of slavery, I shall examine another,
which is their chief reliance.
Mr. Clay says:
" The institution of slavery presents two questions totally
distinct, and resting upon entirely different grounds— slavery
within the States, and slavery without the States."
Now, as regards the citizens of the slave States,
we are willing, not only to concede to them all
their constitutional rights, but to protect them in
their enjoyment within their own limits. But
beyond this, those opposed -to slavery extension
are unwilling to go, nor can they go any further
without being accessory to that which, from prin-
ciple, they hold to be a violation of human rights,
and a sacrifice of natural justice. To this they
never will consent.
But when we avow our willingness to protect
the South in their constitutional rights, within
their States, we are at once met with the charge
of insincerity in our professions, and inconsis-
tency in our practice; for the reason, that while
we make these professions we at the same time
array ourselves against the extension of slavery
in the common Territories. There is no inconsis-
tency in the positions, because slavery in the
States is one thing, and slavery out of the States
and in the Territories, is another, and entirely
different thing.
Congress possesses no power over the ques-
tion in the States, but has exclusive jurisdiction
over the Territories. This brings us to the third
and principal ground upon which the right to
take slaves into the Territories, is based. For
the purpose of sustaining the charge of inconsis-
tency and insincerity against the citizens of the
free States, and also to maintain the right to
extend slavery, it is asserted that, among their
constitutional rights, prominently stands this
right of extension in the Territories of the United
States, and that by virtue of the Constitution
alone this right is secured; and, therefore, when
we declare our purpose to prevent, by all lawful
and constitutional means, the introduction of
slavery in the Territories, we violate our profes-
sions of fidelity, array ourselves against the Con-
stitution, and take away a vested right secured
by that instrument.
Here the opponents of slavery extension take
issue with the extensionists. As I wish to state
their position fairly, I will give you the language
of a gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Cox.] In a
speech delivered here during our efforts to effect
an organization, he said:
" When we acquired territory, property in slaves in such
territory is protected by the Constitution of the country;
and that if a man goes from a slave State into the Terri-
tory, and carries his property [that is, his slaves] with him,
the Constitution protects that property."
Mr. Chairman, in the name, and on behalf of
an intelligent constituency, and as the result of
my own convictions, I deny that the Consti-
tution secures or recognizes ant such right,
or affords ant such protection; and 1 affirm
that wherever and whenever the attempt is made
to exercise it, there is an assumption of power,
and the exercise of a supposed right not war-
ranted by the Constitution. And I go further,
and affirm that every attempt to establish slavery,
outside of the jurisdiction of the local or munic-
ipal law by which it is permitted and protected,
is a trespass on the rights of others which can-
not be justified by either the common law or the
federal Constitution. Mr. Clay, in his exam-
ination and discussion of this whole question,
says:
" If I had not heard this opinion avowed, [that is, that
the Constitution secured the right to carry slaves into the
Territory south of the Missouri compromise line,] I should
have regarded it as one of the most extraordinary assump-
tions, and the most indefensible positions, that was ever
taken by man. The Constitution neither created, nor does
it continue, slavery. Slavery existed independent of the
Constitution, and antecedent to the Constitution; and it
was dependent in the States, not upon the will of Congress,
but upon the law of the respective States. The Constitution
is silent and passive upon the subject of slavery, or rather
it deals with it as a fact that exists, without having created,
continued, or being responsible for it in the slightest degree
within the States." * * * * " It no more instituted
slavery, or is responsible for its continuance or its protec-
tion for a moment while it remains within the bosom of
the States, than it is responsible for the protection of any
other personal property, depending for its protection upon
the State, and not upon congressional law. And if, in any
instance, the power to carry slaves into the Territories is
guarantied to you by the Constitution, or is an incident
necessary to the carrying out of any other power that is
delegated in the Constitution, I have been unable to find
it." * * * * «it ia nowhere to be found."
Again, he says:
" You cannot put your finger on the part of the Consti-
tution which conveys the right or the power to carry slaves
from one of the States of the Union to any Territory of the
United States."
This argument was attempted to be met by the
position that, when territory was acquired by
treaty, the Constitution immediately took effect,
and carried with it the institution of slavery. In
; reply to this he says:
" The idea, eo instanti, upon the consummation of the
; treaty the Constitution or the United States spreads itself
1 over the acquired country, and carried along with it the
institution of slavery, is so irreconcilable with anjicompre-
, hensjpn or any reason which I possess, that I hardly know
] how to meet it."
Mr. Chairman, the idea that the Constitution
secures this right can only be sustained by adopt-
ing the absurd notion, that the citizens of the
States carry with them into the Territories the
municipal laws of their several States, thereby
securing to them in their new home all the spe-
cial and peculiar rights, privileges, and franchises
guarantied by the statutes of the States in which
they formerly resided. This position has been,
in effect, assumed on this floor.
. Mr. COX, (interrupting.) I understand the
gentleman to impute to me the doctrine, that the
emigrant into a Territory carries with him the
municipal laws of the £>t«ite. I never asserted
such doctrine. . , .
Mr. BRENTON. I will give the gentleman
the benefit of his own language, as follows:
« No nower has been conferred, by virtue of the Consti-
1 tution, to designate what shall be the rule in reference to
