1856.J
appendix to the congressional globe.
939
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Brenton.
Ho. of Reps.
the right of ownership in slaves, or to what section slavery
Sisll be eonfiued." * * * " I say, then, that there is no
express era lit of power to Congress m reference to the sub-
ject and there is no need that there should be any; for does
nit foliar, thai <rhen men go from the Slates into the Ter-
ritories of Ike United States, the Government of the United
States protects them in whatever is recognized as property in
the States from vMch they come ?"
To this I answer, that the law of Kentucky-
recognizes slavery as property. In the Territo-
ries there is no such law. If, then, the Govern-
ment of the United States is bound to protect this
kind of property in the Territories, it must do so
■ according to the laws of Kentucky, and not the
territorial law. This ground is wholly unten-
able; for I hold that, when a citizen of any State
chooses to change his residence, and to settle in
another State or Territory, he at once becomes
subject to the laws of the State <jr Territory
where he makes his new home. If this were not
so, there would be as many codes of law in each
State and Territory as there are communities of
individuals from the different States.
Now, this being admitted as a cofrect rule, it
must apply with equal force to the institution of
slavery, wnich is permitted and regulated wholly
by the laws of the States where it exists. There-
. fore, I contend that the Constitution of the United
States, instead of recognizing the power, and
securing the right, to carry slaves into the Terri-
tories, withdraws its protection the moment the
slave is voluntarily carried by the master beyond
the jurisdiction of the local or municipal law by
which it is permitted and supported; and that,
being thus taken beyond the jurisdiction of this
law, he becomes subject to the law of the country
or State where he resides. J\Jr. Clay meets this
question, and disposes of it thus:
" It is said that, upon the high seas, a vessel of whose
eaigo slaves compose a part, would be uuder the protection
of the Constitution and Government of the United States.
So it would be upon the ocean ; and why? Because there
is no separate jurisdiction existing there in any nation; but
there is common jurisdiction—common to all nations—and
the flag which floats at the masthead of the ship, carries
with it the laws of the nation to which the vessel belongs.
But the moment the vessel gets out of that jurisdiction—the
moment it gets into a separate territorial jurisdiction, the
flag and the ship and the cargo become subject to the ter-
ritorial jurisdiction, and are no longer under the protection
of tbe Constitution of the United States. Why, sir, that
is not only true of the free States of this Union, but it is
true of the slave States. Thus, if a vessel leaves the port
of Charleston with a cargo of slaves, and enters the port of
Boston or New York, the moment she casts anchor within
the harbor—tbe moment she comes within the territorial
jurisdiction of the laws of Massachusetts or New York,
those laws operate upon the slaves, and determine their ac-
tual condition. I speak, of course, of the case in which
they are voluntarily carried there." * * * * * * "If
they are voluntarily carried, the instant they quit the wide
ocean and come within the territorial jurisdiction, they are
subject to the laws of that territorial jurisdiction. If you
were to carry a cargo of slaves into the port of Liverpool or
Havre, does any man pretend that the flag of the United
States would protect them after they enter the territorial
jurisdiction of England or France? No such thing. But
if slaves are voluntarily carried into such jurisdiction, their
chains instantly drop off, and they become free, emanci-
pated, liberated from their bondage. It is, therefore, not
only true of other foreign nations, but it is true of tbe States
composing this Union."
This clear statement of the whole case fully
sustains my position, and shows the fallacy of
the boasted assumption, that the Constitution
carries and protects slavery " wherever our flag
floats." Let us look at this in another light.
Mr. Chairman, I believe it is conceded, generally,
that the people of the slave States can change
their constitutions so as to abolish slavery. I
think it is conceded by everybody, that the peo-
ple of aTerritory, when assembled in convention,
by their delegates to form a constitution, prepar-
atory to their admission into the Union as a State,
can prevent, by constitutional provisions, the
introduction of slavery. Now, I desire to exam-
ine very briefly these concessions, in connection
with the boasted constitutional right to carry
slaves into the common Territories.
The only restrictions thrown around the peo-
ple of the States, when changing their constitu-
tion, or the Territories in making their organic
law, is the Constitution of the United States.
Now, if the Federal Constitution secures the
right to hold slaves, and protects the citizen in
the enjoyment of that right, can it be taken away
by the constitutional provisions or legislative
enactments of a. State ? Or can the people of a
Territory, by any provisions which they may
make in their constitution, take it away, by
prohibiting the introduction of slaves within its
limits ? As the Constitution of the United States
is the supreme law of the land, it follows that
the constitutions and laws of the several States
must be in accordance with its provisions in all
things touching the rights and privileges of the
people. Hence Mr. Clay says:
" The Constitution of the United States being supreme,
no State could pass an enactment in contravention of the
Constitution."
If a State cannot, a Territory cannot. What
would be the consequences, if the Federal Consti-
tution possesses the paramount authority attrib-
uted to it, in reference to the rights of slave-
holders ? One consequence is, that the constitu-
tional provisions and legislative enactments of all
the free States, by which slavery has been abol-
ished or prohibited, yielding to this paramount
authority, are void, and slavery may be estab-
lished within their limits at any time. Another
consequence is, that the people of the slave States
cannot, by any conventional act, or by any legis-
lation, abolish slavery in their limits. And still
another consequence is, that the people of the
Territories cannot, by any legislative acts or con-
stitutional provisions, prohibit its introduction.
And all this for the reason that the Federal Con-
stitution is paramount, and overrides all State
constitutions and all State laws, so far as they
relate to the rights of the people under it.
These startling results are the legitimate con-
clusions drawn from that southern dogma which
affirms the right tp establish slavery under the
provisions of the Constitution.
Nor is this all: the very idea of this constitu-
tional right subverts and completely destroys the
other conceded position, that the people can change
their constitutions, and abolish slavery in the
States where it exists, and by constitutional pro-
visions prevent its introduction in the new States.
The two positions stand in such direct antago-
nism to each other, that they cannot be recon-
ciled: one or the other must fall. What, then, is
the true theory ? It is, that the people are sov-
ereign; and as the Constitution neither establishes
nor protects slavery without the jurisdiction of the
local law of the State where it exists, it follows,
that the people of the Territories may, by legisla-
tive and constitutional restrictions, prevent its in-
troduction into their limits; and, therefore, the
idea of a constitutional right to extend slavery is
fallacious.
Again: as the jurisdiction of Congress over the
Territories while in their territorial state ia com-
plete, in all matters of police regulation and gov-
ernment, it has been the practice in all cases,
when not restricted by solemn compacts between
the States and the General Government, or by
treaty stipulations, to prohibit the introduction of
slavery; and this power should continue to be
exercised.
Slavery is the result of a triumph of migkt over
right—the triumph of the strong over the weak;
and the fearful struggle is now going on, backed
by the power of the purse and the sword of the
nation.
Mr. Chairman, having shown that the positions
assumed in favor of the right to enlarge the area
of slavery, and to establish it in the common
Territories, are fallacious and untenable, I might
•stop here, and give this as a sufficient reason
why Kansas should be admitted as a free State.
But, sir, there are other reasons, drawn from
the practical workings of the system of domestic
slavery, to which I aesire to call attention.
I hold that it is our duty so to legislate, on all
occasions, as to promote the general welfare; and
that especially when we undertake to legislate for
the Territories, and prepare the way for the or-
ganization of new States, we should strive to sup-
press every evil, and promote every good; a#d
therefore, whenever it is made to appear that the
effect of any policy is calculated to impoverish
the land, cripple the energy and industry of the
people, and prevent the development of the rich
resources of the country, it should at once be, not
only discountenanced, but prohibited. That the
agriculture, manufacture, and commerce of our
country, are the great interests which stand in- j
separably connected with the happiness and pros- j
perity, as well as the stability, of this great na- j
tion, will not be controverted. ;
Whatevsr, therefore, is calculated in the small-
est degree to retard either of these, should be
forever suppressed, wherever we possess the
power to destroy it. Now, sir, if it can be shown
that domestic slavery stands in direct antagonism
; to these great interests, then we need go no fur-
: ther in search for reasons why our Territories
should be free—free in their infancy—free in their
maturity—free in their old age—forever free.
I In my examination of the question, in connec-
tion with "this view, I shall bring to my aid men
of former days, and the testimony of statesmen
, of no mean repute in modern times—men who
1 speak from experience—and let them settle the
question for me.
One of Maryland's distinguished sons, (Wil-
liam Pinkney,) in 1787, used the following lan-
guage:
" The generous mind that has adequate ideas of the in-
herent* rights of mankind, and knows the value of them,
must feel its indignation rise against the shameful traffic
that introduces slavery into a country which seems to have
been designed by Providence as an asylum for those whom
the arm of power has persecuted, and not as the nursery
for wretches stripped of every privilege which Heaven
intended for its rational creatures, and reduced to a level
with—nay, become themselves—the mere goods and chat-
tels of their masters." * * * " Sir, by the eternal prin-
ciples of natural justice, no master in the State has a right
to hold his slave in bondage for a single hour.
" We may talk of liberty iff our public councils, and fancy
that we feel a reverence for her dictates; we may declaim
with all the vehemence of animated rhetoric against op-
pression, and flatter ourselves that we detest the agly mon-
ster ; but, so long as we continue to cherish the poisonous
weed of partial slavery among us, the world will doubt our
sincerity.
" Is it, Mr. Speaker, because the complexion of these
devoted victims is not quite so delicate as ours? Is it be-
cause their untutored minds (humbled and debased by the
hereditary yoke) appear less active and capacious than our
own ? Or is it because we have been so habituated to their
situation as to become callous to the horrors of it, that we
are determined, whether politic or not, to keep them till
time shall be no more on a level with the brutes ? ' For
nothing,' says Montesquieu,' so much assimilates a man to
a brute as living among freemen, himself a slave.' * * *
'Thelillyand the bramble may grow in social proximity,
but liberty and slavery delight in separation.' * * * * ' It
is for us to reflect that, whatever the complexion, however
ignoble the ancestry or uncultivated the mind, one univer-
sal Father gave being to tbem and us, and with that being
conferred tne inalienable rights of the species.' * * *
' The door of freedom is fenced with such barbarous caa-
tion, that a stranger would be naturally led to believe that
our statesmen considered the existence of its opposite among
us as the sine qua rum of our prosperity.'"
After portraying in the darkest colors the con-
duct of tne importer and dealer in slaves, he con-
tinues:
" But wherefore should we confine the edge of censure
to our ancestors, or those from whom we purchased ? Are
not we equally guilty ? They strewed around the seeds of
slavery—we cherish and sustain the growth. They intro-
duced the system—we enlarge, invigorate, and confirm
it." * * * * "To me, sir, nothing for which I have
not the evidence of my senses, is more clear than that hu-
man bondage will one day destroy that reverence for liberty
which is the vital principle of our Republic. While a ma-
jority of your citizens are accustomed to rule with the
authority of despots, within particular limits; while your
youth are reared in the habit of thinking that the great
rights of human nature are not so sacred but that they may,
: with innocence, be trampled on, can it be expected that
the public mind should glow with that generous ardor in
i the cause of freedom, which alone can save a Government
! from tbe lurking demon of usurpation ?" * * * * *
| " Have you no apprehension, lest, when the votaries of
freedom sacrifice at the gloomy altars of slavery, they will
at length become apostates from the former ? For my own
part, I have no hope that the stream of general liberty wilt
flow forever unpolluted through the foul mine of human
bondage, or that they who have been habituated to lord it
over others, will not, in time, be base enough to let others
lord it over them. If they resist, it will be the struggle of
pride and selfishness, not of principle. Never will your
country be productive—neoer will Us agriculture, its com-
merce, or Us manufactures,flourish, so long as they depend on
reluctant bondmen for their progress. Even the very earth
itself, which teems with provision under the cultivating
band of the free-born laborer, shrinks into barrenness from
the contaminating sweat of a slave. Survey the countries
where the hand of freedom conducts the plowshare, and
compare their produce with yours. Your granaries, in this
view, appear like the storehouses of the emmets, though
not with equal industry. To trace the cause of this dis-
parity between the fruits of a freeman's voluntary labors,
animated by the hope of profit, and the slow-paced efforts
of a slave, who acts from compulsion only—who has no in-
citement to exertion but fear—no prospect of remuneration
to encourage, would be insulting tbe understanding. The
cause and the effect, are too obvious to escape observation."
* * * * * * * * * ~ *
C( The extension of slavery ought to alarm us. In truth, we
are the only nation upon the earth that ever considered
manumission as aground of apprehension, or the extension
of slavery a desideratum."
The views thus expressed, and the sentiments
thus boldly uttered, fell not from the lips of a
