944
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 14,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Hoffman.
Ho. of Reps.
Returned from these inglorious campaigns, we
find him becoming disgusted with the Federal
party, which was now powerless to reward him.
He enlists under the banner of the Democracy;
solicitous only for preferment, his principles seem
to rest as lightly upon him, as the laurels achieved
in conflicts which the historian has forgotten to
record. His veins now run red with Democratic
blood.
He has passed, in the course of his career, from
one side to the other of nearly every great ques-
tion which has been the subject of controversy.
He favored the United States Bank in the noon-
day of its prosperity; he assailed it when its
fortunes seemed on tne decline. He at one time
utterly denied the right of slavery to be carried
into any of the Territories; he now assentsto the
doctrine that, under the Constitution, there are
none of them into which it cannot go. No
has denounced nibre bitterly the foreigner anu
foreign influence; no man to-day yields to them |
a more friendly consideration. Opposed to one j
war in which the dearest rights of the sailor were j
involved, he is now ready to plunge us into con-
flicts with any Power which shall interfere with
our lawless acquisition of the islands of the Gulf,
or of any of the countries bordering thereon.
Regardless of everything but personal aggran-
dizement, he trims his sails to every favoring
breeze. He thinks now to find for his battered
bark in the presidential mansion a safe and splen-
did harbor; impelled by southern gales, he already
imagines himself in port. But, sir, his voyage is
not destined to so prosperous an end. Novem-
ber will bring with it adverse winds and tides.
A strong current from the North will divert him
from the wished-for haven; and Western blasts,
against which he will in vain contend, will drive
him, a hopeless wreck, far out to sea.
ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
SPEECH OF HON. H. W. HOFFMAN,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
July 14,1856.
The House having under consideration the resolutions
reported by the select committee, with reference to the
assault upon the Hon. Charles Sumner by the Hon.
Preston S. Brooks, and having ordered thereon the pre-
vious question,
Mr. HOFFMAN, on his name being called,
asked and obtained unanimous consent to have
the following reasons for the vote he was about
to give, published.
Mr. Speaker: It will be remembered, when
this subject was first brought to the notice of the
House, i)fi opportunity was afforded for explana-
tion of the vote I then gave in favor of the res-
olution of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
bell,] proposing an investigation. Differing as
I did on that occasion, (with but a single ex-
ception,) from all those with whom I had been
accustomed to act upon this floor; and judging
from the course which the debate has taken, that
we shall differ still further as to the action
proper to be had upon the propositions now
pending, I submit the following, by way of ex-
planation, of my former vote, as also in vindica-
tion of that which I shall give in support of the
jurisdiction of the House, and in opposition to
the minority report.
And first of all, I would enter my solemn dis-
claimer of having been influenced by any con-
siderations of personal regard or attachment for
James Buchanan opposed the war, and denounced the Ad-
ministration and all those who ' favored the second war of
independence,' must have given the retort of the great
Kentuckian a tenfold force :
" Upon a certain oecasion, in the United States Senate,
Mr. Buchanan, in the course of a personal explanation,
stated that he had volunteered to go to Baltimore, in the
last war with Great Britain, when the British attacked that
city. ' I think I have heard something about the gentle-
man's volunteering/ said Mr. Clay, 'but I understand
when he arrived at Baltimore the British were gone.'
" 'Yes,' replied Mr. Buchanan,' they were.'
" 'Well,' said Mr. Clay, ' 1 merely wish to know whether
Mr. Buchanan volunteered because he knew that the British
were
had
the Senator who was the victim of this assault.
With that Senator I have neither formed, nor do
I now desire, a personal acquaintance. With his
oft-avowed and oft-repeated abolition sentiments
—his systematic agitation of the question of
slavery, as well as the bitter personal invective of
his late speech, I have neither affiliation nor sym-
pathy. As a friend of the Union, of the Consti-
tution, of the peace, order, and harmony of
society, I can and do entertain for them naught
but unmitigated hatred and uncompromising hos-
tility. But, Mr. Speaker, I regard the question
upon which I am called to pass, as one involving
more than Mr. Sumner and his apparent slave
sympathy—a sympathy made up of frothy dec-
lamation, which costs nothing, but which makes
political capital for him and his confederates at
the expense of the peace of the country. To him
and his coadjutors, I have only this to say here,
" that he who, at this day and in this country,
in speaking of slavery, talks of stains, without
showing how they can be effaced; of crimes, with-
out showing how they can be suppressed; of p
wrongs, without showing how they can be j!
avoided; however signal his own virtues and illus-
trious his talents, teaches but an extravagant and
false morality, and exhibits proofs of the incon-
sistency and fatuity of the highest intellect under
the hallucinations of fanaticism." There is, too,
more in this question on which I am called to
Eass, than affects either or both the States of'
outh Carolina and Massachusetts.
Tttat which more immediately concerns me in
all this matter—which dictated my former course,
and which shall control my future action—was,
and is, the unaffected desire to uphold and main-
tain the constitutional freedom of speech and de-
bate within these Halls—to preserve inviolate the
dignity and good order of the National Congress.
I hold that legislative bodies, equally with in-
dividuals and nations, have a moral character,
which it is both a privilege and a bounden duty
to look after;—a character as patent as are gov-
ernmental distinctions, or the devices and inscrip-
tions upon the banner folds of party. Thus, for
example, Russia has been aptly compared to a
sturdy but selfish churl; France, to an ambi-
tious but unprincipled man of fashion; Spain, to
a wasted and scorned courtezan, in the decay and
decrepitude of dissolute living; England, as a
cross-breed between the pharisee and the prize
fighter; whilst the United States, with a charac-
ter not yet fully developed, has been assimilated
to a well-trained yet most passionate youth, of
whom it is altogether a problem whether the
manhood will prove that of the refined Christian !
gentleman, or the unprincipled ruffian. If the
reasoning and conclusions of the minority report,
and of its advocates upon this floor, are to be- ;
come the settled judgment of this House—to be ;
acted upon hereafter, and to be approved by the i
country—then, sir, I imagine it will be no diffi-
cult matter to determine which of these two
characters we shall bear in the estimation of
posterity and in the eyes of the world.
I would not be understood as advocating or
sanctioning any positive legislation in behalf of
the good morals of the members *f this body,
however much the same may be open to improve-
ment and amendment. I think something, how-
ever, is due to the mighty power of example on
the part of the legislator, which, accompanying
the acts of legislation, at once challenges respect
and constrains obedience. I hold it to be the duty
of every member of this and the coordinate
branch of Congress, rigidly to observe and ex-
hibit a proper regard for the opinions and feelings
of fellow-members; and to this end, gentlemen
should be careful not to transcend the amenities
of debate, nor violate the rules of decorum. 1
am disposed to believe that most, if not all those
exhibitions which have occurred in either House,
and which were, as I thoughtmoststrangely and
injudiciously, referred to, as reasons why no
action should be had in the present case—may
be traced to some undefined impression on the
part of members that their constituency, if not
indeed the whole country, expect them to be
" sudden and quick in auarrel"—to take for their
argument " a word ana a blow, and the blow
firmly in the thing." Had members been dis-
posed thus to practice greater moderation, char-
ity, and magnanimous forbearance, Congress,
doubtless, would have been spared most if not
all those scenes which of late years have detracted
so much from its dignity, and lowered its stand-
ing in the estimation of all good citizens and pure
patriots, both at home and abroad.
And now, sir, how does the action proposed
by the minority tend to redress the indignity
offered, to atone for this breach of its immunities,
or to prevent the recurrence of such scenes in
future ? What are the reasons assigned for their
inability to agree with the report of the majority?
The minority have taken up much of their re-
port in quoting precedents from the British Par-
liament, which, if they establish any one thing
with more clearness than another, it is that they
furnish no ground for asserting that the power
does not exist as claimed, nor that it ought not
to be exercised in the present instance. The ma-
jority report does not (as the report of the mi-
nority would lead any one to infer) argue the
source of jurisdiction, nor its extent. Itisconcise,
expressly pretermitting any discussion upon
either of these points. It says:
" The committee do not discuss the powers of the House
to punish its disorderly members, nor do they undertake to
argue the general question as to what constitutes a breach
of privilege."
Nordol understand any of those who disagree
with the minority, to assume or rely upon au-
thority not to be found in and clearly warranted
by the Constitution. I entertain no doubt that
the necessity for such power, as demonstrated by
the experience and precedents drawn from the
highest parliamentary body in the world, operated
upon the minds of the framers of the Constitu-
tion, and furnished good and sufficient reasons
upon which they did act in supplying those very
provisions which clothe this Ilouse with the
amplest jurisdiction. Had your Constitution
been silent in this respect, it would not be that
perfect and faultless instrument which every
American has been proud to claim for it, and
would be undeserving that high rank which, by
the most enlightened judgment of the civilized
world, has been so freely accorded to it. I en-
tirely agree with the minority in the declaration:
" We do not believe, however, that any such omission
as a failure to provide for the protection of Congress, has
occurred in the organization of our Government."
May we not with much propriety appropriate
their language still further to our use, as we hear
them saying:
" It will be found, upon looking into the provisions of the
Constitution, that this danger has been amply guarded
against without reporting to the perilous expedient of seek-
ing for remedies to supposed defects in the Constitution, in
the undefined doctrines of parliamentary privilege."
I humbly submit, then, that it is the minority,
and not the majority, who are seeking for sup-
posed defects in the Constitution. I submit that
it is they, and not we, who are suggesting and
substituting the undefined doctrine of parliament-
ary privilege for the express or clearly implied
grants of the Constitution. Where in the major-
ity report is to be found any such " claims" as
thOse which the minority have been pleased to
impute to the majority, and in answer to which
they have devoted so large a portion of their
counter report? Where does the minority find
, authority for asserting, " It is claimed that the
Senate and House each possesses the inherent
right to declare what its privileges are, and to
punish for the violation of them? Nowhere in
, the majority report has any such claim been set
up. However forcibly the argument founded upon
necessary or inherent right may have addressed
| itself to their judgment, supported as it is by
numerous American precedents, and sanctioned
i by the highest authors upon parliamentary iaw,
the majority seem to have studiously avoided any
and all debatable ground. Where the authority
! either for declaring, as they have done, we are
i directed by the advocates of these privileges to
the parliamentary law of England, asi the source
from which they are derived?" Whence the
necessity or propriety, by reason of anything that
occurs in the report of the majority, for saying,
"We cannot concur in the doctrine that powers,
such as we have seen have been exercised by the
e gone, or whether the BritUh heard that the gentleman first," instead of pursuing the more Christianand j j such as we have se privilege,
Jimticnd, and them/or« evacuated the coast f'  U equally wige maxim, " gently in the manner, but I! British Parliament, under tne claim oi privilege,
