1856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
949
34th Cono....1st Sess.
Modern Democracy—Mr. Tappan.
Ho. op Reps.
Mr. TOOMBS. Not a particle. j
Mr. I3KLL, of Tennessee. I understood the j
Senator from Georgia as objecting to the provis- j
mils of the bill of the committee, on the ground :
of the increased expense which will be incurred j
bv it. He is of opinion that the number of the j
officers is now much greater than is necessary
for the service. That I understand to be the j
principle of his objection. Of course, I impute j
no selfish or personal views to the honorable '
Senator.
Mr. TOOMBS. I go for the good of the coun-
uy.
Mr. DELL, of Tennessee. I was not mista- :
ken as to the position of the Senator from Geor-
gia. The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter]
objected to the amendment offered by the Sena- ;
tor from Georgia, because it proposed to reduce
arbitrarily the number of the officers of the
Na\y now established by law. He had no ob- ;
jection to their being reduced, but he Objected to
the arbitrary manner in which the reduction was
proposed to be effected. The policy of his
amendment was to maintain the existing estab-
lishment as it is; and he is opposed to any increase I
on the principle, that no greater number of officers !
ought to be kept in service than is needed. Thus t
his is also a money objection. I
Mr. HUNTER. Mine was not a money ob- ;
jection entirely. That was a difficulty; but my ;
principal one was, that what was proposed, was ,
departing from what was considered necessary 11
for the naval establishment. i
Mr. PELL, of Tennessee. That is what I i
mean by r money objection. The Senator from
Virginia is opposed to any provision being made
for the restoration of the retired officers, which will
lead to an increased naval establishment, as that
would lead to an increased expenditure. Of
course, I am as far from imputing narrow views
to the Senator from Virginia, on money matters,
as I was to the Senator from Georgia. They i
both object to any relief being extended to those '
officers who are supposed to have been unjustly
depfived of their position in the service by the
late naval board, which will lead to any increase j
of the number of officers in any of the different |
grades, on the ground that the number now al- {
lowed by law is large enough, and to increase ,
them would be an unnecessary expenditure. j
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senatorfrom Tennessee
entirely misunderstands my view. I said I
would spend millions of dollars if necessary,
but I consider the naval establishment large
enough now. I believe these men have been
turned out against the fundamental principles of j
justice and right; and neither money nor any
other consideration in heaven, earth, or hell,
will ever induce me to keep one of those men
who are promoted by it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Well, sir, it is not
necessary, and I have not time to pursue that
point further. What I wished to bring to the at-
tention of the Senate was, that after all these pow-
erful and eloquent appeals we have heard upon
the subject of the wrongs done to meritorious and
gallant officers of the Navy, whenever it is pro-
posed to throw open the door for the restoration
of those who have been improperly dropped or
retired, the gantlemen who made those appeals
strenuously object to that or any proposition
which may lead to increased expenditure. They
will not agree even to a temporary enlargement of
the existing establishment. The objection of the
honorable Senators is to the increase of the num-
ber of officers, and the consequent expense; and
for that reason they are opposed to the confirm-
ation of the pending nominations. The Sena-
trr from Georgia objects to the confirmation,
because he condemns the means by which the ;
officers concerned were promoted. Thus the ;
whole subject is beset with great difficulties. If j
the Senate refuses to confirm the nominations of,
the promoted officers, I have already pointed out,
some of the consequences which would follow,
the. injustice that would be done to many of j
them, the uncertainty of the position in wnich j
they would be left, and the certainty of the con- 1
fusion that would ensue. If the nominations are j
confirmed, and the bill ef the Naval Committee ]
in its present form should pass Congress, still I
thert may be a serious impediment to the free '
course of justice in reference to those officers who
may appear to have been improperly retired, or
dropped from the service. I wish, in some form,
to bring the question to a test, whether we
ought not to malce such provision in the bill of the
committee as shall be ample for the restoration
of all that class of officers. My friend from
Florida infonns us that there are now about
thirty vacancies of all grades in the Navy. These
vacancies may be filled without delay by the
President, but at that point he will be stopped,
unless we provide for a temporary increase of
the number of officers of the different grades in
any bill which we may pass on this subject.
Not to authorize an increase of the number of
officers would no doubt compel many worthy
and gallant officers to wait the slow progress of
death and resignation in making vacancies in the
official list before they could be restored to their
original positions. What, after all, is the extent
of the increased expense which would attend
such a temporary increase of the number of
officers as would be ample for the purposes of
justice? Can my friend from Florida inform me
whether he has made any estimate of what would
be the increased expenditure on the personnel
of the Navy, if all the officers on the reserved
or furlough list should be placed on the active
list ?
Mr. MALLORY. I have no estimate of it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Would the ex-
pense exceed $40,000 or £50,000 ?
Mr. MALLORY. The expenses of the Navy
are $86,000 less in pay now than before the reform
bill was passed.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. This being the
case, I infer that the restoration to the active list
of every retired officer who would be likely to
desire such restoration, together with the number
of the dropped officers who probably may be re-
stored to the service, would probably not exceed
the pay of the Navy before the passage of the
act of 1855. This is the great moneyed consid-
eration which stands in the way of doing that
justice which all so much desire. Why, sir,
suppose the expense of the Navy should be in-
creased forty, fifty, or even eighty thousand dol-
lars, would that be too great a price to pay for
the great measure of justice which is required to
be accomplished ? Would the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Crittenden] make that an objection
to such a measure as would open the door to the
restoration of the whole class of injured officers ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I only want justice.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That is what I
understand. All desire to see justice done; but
many object to every practicable mode of doing
justice, because they say the pay of the Navy
will be increased by it. Whatever number of
officers, whatever amount of pay, is necessary
to the efficiency of this arm of the national ser-
vice, they say they have no objection to; but they
tell us that we pay enough already for the Navy.
I ask those Senators, how much do they think
we ought to give, in order to do justice and re-
move the existing contentions in the naval ser-
vice? Would any honorable Senator who feels
as he ought to feel on this subject, defeat so great
an object for the small amount of increased ex-
pense to the Treasury believed to be necessary ?
When gentlemen place their opposition to any
increase in the pay of the Navy, for the pur-
pose of enabling the President to restore the
retired and other officers, on the ground that
they go for the country, I think they mistake the
true interest of the country connected with this
subject. The public interest—the country—is
deeply concerned in maintaining the efficiency of
the Navy—the right arm of the national defense.-
That efficiency, under existing circumstances,
can in no way be more effectually upheld than
by showing, by the example of what we now do,
that the country will never, under any circum-
stances, or at any time, suffer the rights and
privileges of honorable and gallant officers to be
unjustly invaded or trampled upon. For such a
purpose—to promote the efficiency of the Navy,
at the same time that you do a great act of jus-
tice—who would hesitate to ada forty, or fifty,
or even a hundred thousand dollars, to the pay
of the Navy ? Sir, in the contingency of war, the
objects and purposes proposed t  b* attained by
i this measure would be cheaply attained at a cost
of half a million, should that amount be required.
I have a few words now to say of the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Georgia. It proposes to
repeal so much of the act of 1855 as provides for
filling, by promotions, the vacancies mnde by
relieving and dropping officers. I have before
i given my views on that point. The capital ob-
; jection to the Senator's amendment is, that it is
based on the assumption that the President had
; no power, under the act of 1855, or the Constitu-
tion, to dismiss or drop an officer, except upon
i the finding of a court-martial; and the proposition
is, in effect, to restore a dropped officer by legis-
' lative act. This cannot be done. I had intended,
had this question come up at an earlier day of th#
session, to go at some length into an examination
of this doctrine of the Senator from Georgia. I
had gathered up various precedents and author-
ities to show that, from the foundation of the
Government, the President has exercised this
power of dismissal, both in the Army and in the
| Navy; and 1 think it can be shown that it would
not he safe or expedient to abandon it. If the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia should
prevail, and receive the sanction of Congress, it
will be a total abnegation of this power. Even
should the present Congress decide against this'
power of the President, I do not suppose that it
would settle the question definitively; Decause no
such question of constructive power can ever be
definitively settled in this country. But, sir, I
shall not now go into the argument on that ques-
< tion. I have no doubt the President had the
i power, under the Constitution, as commander-
in-chief; and, at all events, the act of 1855 gave
him the power in this case; and, had the naval
board erred in a greater number of cases than they
did, the President having approved the report of
| the board, and dropped these officers, they are
i now out of the service, and can only be restored
1 by a new appointment of the President, with the
j advice and consent of the Senate.
I will conclude my remarks for the present by
; moving an amendment to the original bill of the
j committee, to test the force of the money objec-
i tion to which I have before alluded. I think,
] when Senators consider the question fully, they
i will not allow dollars and cents to stand in the
way of doing justice to honorable and gallant
officers, who have been degraded in rank and
position without sufficient cause,by being put on
: the reserved or furlough list. I personally know
: several officers who have been thus degraded,
' who are, in my judgment, quite as worthy, intel-
ligent, and efficient, as many of those who have
been retained on the active list; and I believe that
any Senators who will examine their cases care-'
fully will be satisfied there was no just ground
i for retiring them. I think the naval list should
be kept open without limiting it to the number
! of officers now fixed by law, and when justice
cries so loudly for a temporary increase of the list,
I trust Senators will not hesitate to try that ques-
tion. 1 propose to strike out the proviso iu the
second section, which I will read:
Provided, That there shall be no further promotions or
appointments in any grade after such restorations shall
: have been made thereto, until such grade in the active ser-
i vice shall be reduced to the limit now prescribed by law.
I If that proviso be stricken out, then the sec-
| tion will stand thus:
j Jind he it enacted, That the operations of the present
, law limiting the number of officers of the Navy shall lie
suspended so far as treauthorize the restoration, within one
year from the passage of this act, by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, of officers re-
served or dropped, under the operation of the act of the 28th
of February, 1855.
MODERN "DEMOCRACY," THE ALLY OF
SLAVERY.
SPEECH OF HON; M. W. TAPPAN,
op new hampshire,
In the Housb or Representatives,
July 29,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union,
Mr. TAPPAN said:
Mr. Chairman: I desire, in the brief time that
is allotted me, to discuss the great questien of
