1&6.J
APPENDIX TO'THE (X)HGRfesfel6^AL GLOBW
96S
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Modem Democracy—Mr. Tappan.
Ho. of Reps.
smoke, as all such attempts will, when they have
t'nr their basis no real cause of grievance. Many
of tin1 prominent men of that convention are
a,11 >ng the cherisiie J leaders of the " Democracy"
to-day; and o.'.e, at least, who waa active in get-
ting it up, holds a prominent place in the Pres-
ident's Cabinet. A.nd here let me say, that
although disunion sentiments have been vehe-
mently and falsely charged upon the people of
the free 8tates, there has always been a disunion
party at the South! The threats of dissolution,
over and over again repeated in the halls of'Con-
gress during the present session, have all come
from men residing in that section of country.
And it is a significant fact, that all, or nearly all,
the Calhoun men, Secessionists, Filibusters and
Disunionists, are now found, shoulder to shoul-
der, in the ranks of modern " Democracy."
The compromise measures were passed. The
" bleeding wounds" of the country were healed.
The whole question was finally " settled;" and
thenceforward there was to be nothing but quiet
and " repose" on the exciting subject of slavery
agitation. The Democratic party resolved, at
Baltimore, that they would " resist," whether in
Congress, or out of Congress, all attempts to re-
new that agitation! General Pierce, in his first
message, solemnly assured the country that by
no act of his should this repose receive any shock
during his term, if it was in his power to prevent
it! How well this promise has been kept, let the
wicked repeal of the Missouri compromise, the
long train of calamities which have followed that
measure, and the excited state of the country at
' the preseA time, answer. The object and pur-
pose of this repeal was not openly avowed at the
time, although it was perfectly apparent that.the
extension of slavery over the vast domain, from
which it had been forever excluded by a solemn
compact, was the real design of its instigators.
It would not answer then to give the real and true
reason for which its repeal was desired. But, by
dint of party drill, it was put through qfion the
false ana fraudulent pretext that it -was to inau-
gurate the great idea of " popular sovereignty."
The country was deluded with the cry of" Let
Ihe people rule;" for, in virtue of the provisions
of the bill, it was said that the people of the Ter-
ritories were to be left "perfectly free" to form
their own institutions in their own way !
Mr. Chairman, I shall not dwell upon the
wrongs and outrages perpetrated upon the unof-
fending people of Kansas. The repeated inva-
sions of the Territory by ruffian marauders; the
trampling down of the dearest right of American
freemen—the right to have a voice in the making
of their own laws—by armed force; the enact-
ment of a bogus and bloody code, that would
disgrace the Hottentots of Southern Africa; the
driving of bona fide settlers from their claims; the
dispersion of assemblages of peaceful citizens by
United States troops; the sack of cities, and the
driving from their homes of men, women, and
children—compelling them to flee to the forests
by the light of their burning dwellings; the cruel
imprisonment of the leading men of the Territory
on the trumped up charge of " constructive trea-
son;" the wanton destruction of property; the
thefts, and the cold-blooded murders; and all for
thrtrime of loving liberty better than slavery—
will forever constitute one of the blackest pages
in our country's history, and form a damning
comment upon the "perfect freedom" which
was granted to the people of Kansas, to mold
their own institutions in their own way.
But, sir, the flimsy veil of " squatter sover-
eignty," with which the " true intent and mean-
ing" of the Nebraska bill was sought to be dis-
guised, is now thrown aside, and the real object
of making Kansas a slave State, out of which
three or four additional slave States can be carved
if necessary, is openly avowed by leading Demo-
crats in Congress, and by Democratic presses in
different parts,of the country. That it may be
seen I do not misrepresent in this matter, I shall
produce extracts from various sources, in proof
of the position I Have assumed.
In the first place, I quote from the letter of
a Mr. John Townsena, to a meeting held in
Charleston, South Carolina, in March last, for , > , - ,  
, un . t • „ j • ; elusion of slaves from the Territories to be lawful, assume
pu pose of taking measures to forward emi- j, that such exclusion vs9therefore, necessarily rightful.
grauon to Kansas from the South, from which it , (t Before concluding my remarks I hope to Fhow that
will be seen why the slave power are so anxious
to obtain possession of Kansas:
"In training Kansas, we shut out an enemy from our
camp ; we support Missouri, and immeasurably strengthen
our outposts on that important frontier: and, with her, we
not only secure Missouri to our rank*, but the Indian Ter~
: ntory, which is large enough for two or three States, will
cease to be debated ground, as it now is, and will be cer-
; tain for the South.
" Kansas, then, is the Malakoff fortress, the taking of
which will decide our victory in this battle with Abolition-
i ism in that quarter — a battle in which from three to Jive
States are to be the prizes to be won or lost to the South, and
s< her cherished institutions."
But this does not rest upon the' testimony of
letter-writers, or of the southern press merely.
; The same purpose was avowed on the 23d day
of June last, on the floor of the Senate, by Hon.
| Josiah Evans, of South Carolina. I give an ex-
tract from his speech on that occasion:
I " Was it strange, then, that the South should be alarmed
: at this slate of things ? 1 did not hear it; but I have under-
| stood that, in 1850, a Senator here from one of the free
; States said their object was to build a wall around slavery
I —a wall of freemen, to render slave property unproductive,
' and to force its emancipation.
il " Mr. Butler. ' Cordon'was the word.
ii " Mr. Evans. Well, sir, Kansas, although it is but one
i Stat# when added, u iU he good against three more. Jindwasit
, strange, then, that the Sbvthshoiild desire possession of Kan-
[ sas merely as a guarantee ? There is no pretence that they
j can oceMpy any other portion of that immense region"—
! referring to Nebraska, New Mexico, and the
j Indian Territory, of ,which he had been speak-
ing.
1 " Everybody knows that slavery will not do for a farming
country merely. It is of no value in an agricultural coun-
try ; it is of no value in the mechanic arts ; it can only be
used to advantage in the cultivation of the great staples,
j There is no pretense that any one of the great staples that
j constitute the great material of our foreign commerce can
! be cultivated anywhere within the limits of these Territo-
' ries outside of the Territory of Kansas." * * * * " These,
| Mr. Presiilent, are the reasons why we desire Kansas; but it
! was not allowed. The very instant it was opened to the
j slave population, that instant there sprung up a contrivance
—a machinery was set in operation of winch I do not choose
to speak—the object of which was to defeat this act of Con-
gress, and, as was said by the Senator from Massachusetts,
to devote this Territory to a free population."
Here it is distinctly avowed by a leading Dem-
ocratic Senator, that the object in repealing the
Missouri compromise was, to take possession of
Kansas as a slave State, and hold it as a " guar-
antee, to be cut up into three more, as an offset to
any free State that might be admitted from terri-
tory in which the institu tion of slavery had already
been solemnly prohibited by the votes as well of
southern as of northern men! And when this
" was not allowed," from the efforts made by
free-State settlers to plant free institutions on the
soil which belonged to them, and which had been
consecrated to freer labor by the compact of 1820,
the attempt was made, and is still persisted in, to
carry slavery there by lawless violence, and at
the point of the bayonet! But I shall not confine
, myself merely to declarations of southern men on
; this point. I quote from the speech of Hon. John
Cad wai.aber, of Pennsylvania, made in this
i Hall on the 5th day of March last, in which some
i extraordinary revelations are made. He says:
| "Justice required that the restriction [the Missouri re-
! striction] should not be maintained eastward of those moun-
I tains [the Kocky Mountains] if it could not be extended
I westward of tbem to the Pacific."
j Again:
| " But as the Mexican laws locally in force had excluded
I slavery from these Territories, [the Territories acquired from
! Mexico J the application of this principle to them was illu-
sory so tar as any possibility of participation in their further
I settlement by slaveholders might be concerned. Property
' in slaves was thus, in effect, excluded wholly from Uieir
j limits. The principle of the former partitions having be-
: come inapplicable, and slaveholding settlers having been
I altogether excluded from this Territory, the slaveholding
I States were, of right, entitled to an indemnification for their
| loss if it could be afforded by giving to them access, with their
I slaves, to other Territory.
I " This principle was the moral basis of that praiseworthy
| legislation of 1854, [the repeal of the Missouri compromise, J
which the chairman of the Committee on Territories has
most injudiciously denominated a 1 conspiracy against free-
dom.' "
But this is not all the gentleman says. I give
one further extract:
"These examples, which might be multiplied, suffice to
show the inconclusiveness of the general reasoning of those
who assume that whateveris legal is, therefore, necessarily
rightful in a moral or a political point of view, and of the
reasoning in particular of those who, conceiving the toted cx-
sueli total exclusion would not only be immoral and nn-
jhst, hut would likewise, in a legal Bense, be unconstitu-
tional."
Sir, this is modern " Democracy" with a ven-
geance ! Here we have the distinct avowal of a
prominent" Democratic" leaderfrom the North—
, from a Pennsylvania "Democrat,'' and, as 1 under-
j stand, an intimate personal friend of Mr. Buch-
: an an—that the purpose of repealing the M'ssouri
; prohibition was to give the slave States access to
j Kansas with their slave?; and this he calls the
'"praiseworthy legislation of 1854." Ay, sir,
! this Democrat from Mr. Buchanan's own State
| goes further than that, and proclaims the inon-
j strous doctrine, that the total exclusion of slavery
j from the free Territories is not only unconstitu-
: tional, but that it is "immoral and unjust!"
i Sir, 1 thank the gentleman for the boldness
, with which he has avowed the slavery creed of
[ his party. And I call upon the people of the free
States to mark the declaration, and to see whither
| modern Democracy would lead them. Sir, it has
| not always been the case that northern Demo-
I cratic leaders have had the courage to come out
| squarely and acknowledge their real purpose, and
[ the effect of their principles upon this slavery
j question. But t
' " Whom the gods seek to destroy they first make mad
and 1 rejoice that, for once, they intend to meet
j the issue fairly and boldly. If this is done, i have
; ; no fears of the result. Let the people of the free
j j portion of this Union but understand the Demo-
j| cratic creed and platform, as it is understood
and expounded by the leaders and presses of that
'' party, especially at the South, and it will require
affidavits in every free State of this Union to
show that Mr. Buchanan has ever been a candi-
date for the Presidency.
But this is not the only Democratic leader from
the North who adopts and sanctions this new and
I alarming doctrine. Another honorable gentle-
ji man from the State of Pennsylvania, [Mr. J.
l! Glancy Jones,] the particular friend and cham-
. | pion of Mr. Buchanan on this floor, occupies sim-
! tlar ground. He says:
II " In my opinion the Constitution limits the power of
ij Congress to the extent of prohibiting them either front
■! establishing or abolishing slavery in the Territories. Adinit-
, ting that view to be correct, I suppose it follows, as a matter
' of course, that the Constitution of the United States eon-
i: fers upon the people of the Terntory no right to dispossess
11 any man of his right to property, whether it be slave or any •
11 other property. And therefore, the Legislative Council of
j I a Territory, though they may pass laws regulating the dis-
j1 posal and protection of property, have no right to so admin-
ister those law* as to establish or abolish the right to hold
that property."
The honorable gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Warner] scarcely goes further in his speech on
| the subject of slavery in the Territories, which
; has been so often quoted, than do these expound-
| ers of Buchanan " Democracy" from the State of
ij Pennsylvania. For the purpose of bringing out
I ] still more distinctly this new article of Democratic
i faith, I subjoin some extracts from the speech of
'■ the honorable gentleman from Georgia:
'' "I shall maintain, and undertake to establish, that thfl
i title of my constituents to their slave property is not based
upon any jiositive law of the State, but that it rests for its
[foundation upon the universal law of nations, which recog-
i I nized slaves as property, before, and at the time of the
j | adoption of the Constitution. That before, and at the time
| { of the adoption of the Constitution, the citizens of the State
; i of Georgia—the same being a sovereign, imlependentStaie
j [ —had the undoubted right, according to the well-established
!' principles of international law—to take their slave property
II into any foreign Territory, provided there was no law in that
] foreign Territory prohibiting its introduction there, anil to
; I have it protected in such foreign Territory—lhat the law
; of nations was adopted as a part of the common law m the
j original thirteen States, constituting a part of the law of the
land, before, and at the time of the adoption of the Federal-
j! Constitution.
| "it lias been asserted here and elsewhere* that slavery
! exists in the States by force of positive law; and that
i I whenever the owner takes his slave property beyond the
territorial limits of such State, bis title to that property
i1 ceases to be valid and operative for the protection of that
; j property. I controvert this assumed proposition."
|j Again he says:
i " Those great fundamental rights which I have been dis—
!. cussing belonged to the people of the States, before and at
; the time of the adoption of the Constitution. They entered
! into, and constituted an essential element of, their title to
' their slave property, part and parcel of it; and not having
! delegated them in the Constitution, they have them now j
J and it is by virtue of those preixisting rights which are sol-
j emnly guarantied by the Constitution, that my constituents
claim to be entitled to take their slave jrroperly in*) the c m-
I mon territory, and to have it protected there."
