964
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 14,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Modern Democracy—Mr. Tappan.
Ho. of Reps.
But I will make one more extract from the
speech of the honorable gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Warner,] which I commend to the careful
consideration of the people of the free States. It
discloses the reason why the slave power is so
insatiate and aggressive, and, like the daughters
of the horse-leech, constantly crying, " Give!
give!"
" But, sir, we have been told by those who advocate this
line of policy, that they do not desire to interfere with
slavery in the States where it exists; and yet it is their in-
tention to prevent the extension of slavery by excluding it
from tlie common Territory—to surround the slave States
1 with a cordon of free territory, and compel slavery, like a !
serpent, to stiug itself to death!' Now, it matters but little
with me, whether a man takes my property outright, or re-
stricts me in the enjoyment of it, so as to render it of but
little or no value to me. It is an interference with my rights
in either case; the interference is one of degree only. Any
restraint upon the use and enjoyment of my property in as
full and ample manner as f might otherwise do, but for the
restriction, is an interference with it. There is not a slave-
holder in this House, or out of it, but who knows perfectly
well that, whenever slavery is confined within certain spe-
cified limits, its future existence is doomed ; it is only a
question of time as to its final destruction. You may take
any single slaveholding county in the southern States, in
which the great staples of cotton and sugar are cultivated to \
any extent, and confine the present slave population within I
the limits of that county. Such is the rapid, natural increase i
of the slaves, and the rapid exhaustion of the soil in the i
cultivation of those crops, (which add so much to the com- !
mercial wealth *f the country,) that in a few years it would
be impossible to support them within the limits of such
county. Both master and slave would be starved out; and
what would be the practical effect in any one county, the
same result would happen to all the slaveholding States.
Slavery cannot be confined within certain specified limits
without producing the destruction of both roaster and slave;
it requires fresh lands, plenty of wood and water, not only
for the comfort and happiness of the slave, but for the bene-
fit of the owner."
Slavery, according to the honorable gentleman,
in order to prevent being "starved out," con-
stantly requires " fresh lands, and plenty of
wood and water." It is frequently said at the
North, that we can do nothing there towards
ridding the country of the evils of slavery. But
here it is admitted, by one who knows, that if
the system were restricted within its present lim-
its, it would die of itself. Suppose, by so re-
stricting it, the people of the States where it now
exists should be compelled to find some mode for
its complete abolition, and the substitution of
free labor in its place: where would be the great
sin in all this ? But no; modern " Democracy"
says, '' Break down the barrier that for thirty-
four years has been erected against this giant
curse which exhausts the soil, and at wnose
touch every green thing withers; and give it
•fresh lands, and plenty of wood and water,'
until these also are exhausted, and other ' fresh
lands' are demanded to satisfy the cravings of
its rapacious appetite!" But this doctrine of the
honorable gentleman goes further than this. If
it be wrong to restrict slavery within its present
limits, because, if so confined, it will " sting itself
to death," there is no reason why its expansion
should be limited to the Territories. When these
are used up, or for any cause, in order to insure
its vitality, it wants more "room," why not
spread itself into the free States ? The carrying
out of this doctrine would lead to the practical
establishment of slavery there. It needs but one
more triumph of the slave power, in the coming
election, to have the doctrine of Judge Kane con-
firmed by the Supreme Court, and slavery is
virtually established in every free State of the
Union.
But, Mr. Chairman, I desire to give a few
more extracts from leading Democrats to illus-
trate further this doctrine of " State equality,"
and to show the utter abandonment by the Dem-
ocratic party, of the doctrine of " popular sover-
eignty, ' wjiich was used with such effects to
bewilder and delude the people.
I give an extract from the speech of a distin-
guished Democratic Senator, the honorable A. G.
Brown, of Mississippi, delivered in the Senate
April 28, 1856:
"The advocates of States rights have always held that
the Territories are the common property of the States •
that one State has the same interest in them as another'
and that a citizen of one State has the same right to go to
them as a citizen of any other State. The corollary there-
fore has been, that a citizen of any one State hat the tame
right as a citizen of any other State to go into the Territo-
ries and take with him whatever is recognized as property in
the State from which he goes. Thus, %f a citizen of Massa-
chusetts may go and take with him a Me of goods, a citizen
of Tennessee may go and take a barrel of whisky; and if a
citizen of New York may go and take a horse, a citizen of
Mississippi may go end take a slave. It must be so, or else
the equality of the parties is destroyed. Tennessee becomes
inferior to Massachusetts, and the rights of a Mississippian
are inferior to those of a New Yorker.
" This doctrine finds opposition in many quarters. It is
opposed by Free- Soilers and by the advocates of that uncer-
tain theory which some call territorial sovereignty; others,
popular sovereignty; and others again, squatter sovereignty;
—a theory which the author of this bill so well combats in
the declaration that ' the sovereignty of a Territory re-
mains in abeyance, suspended m tlic United States in trust
for the people until they shall be admitted into the Union
as a State.' To this declaration I give my assent."
It will be seen by this extract that Mr. Doug-
las himself has abandoned this favorite invention
of his.
If any further proof were necessary to show
that this talk about "popular sovereignty," which
will still be harped upon in the north as the great
principle for which the " Democracy" are con-
tending, is repudiated as an exploded humbug by
those who pull the wires in this campaign, it is to
be found in the fact that the following amend-
ment to Mr. Douglas's new bill to make Kansas
a slave State, proposed by Senator Trumbull, of
Illinois, to test the sincerity of those who profess
so much reverence for "popular sovereignty,"
was, on the morning of the 3d of the present
month, voted down in the Senate,, thirty-four
Senators, including Mr. Douglas and all the
Democratic Senators voting against it, with only
nine in its favor:
"Sec. —. Jl-nd be it further enacted, That it was the true
intent and meaning of the 'Act to organize the Territo-
ries of Nebraska and Kansas,' not to legislate slavery into
Kansas, nor to exclude it therefrom, but to leave the people
thereof perfectly free, through their Territorial Legislature,
to regulate the institution of slavery in their own way, sub-
ject only to the Constitution of the United States ; and
that, until the Territorial Legislature acts upon the subject,
the owner of a slave in one of the States has no right or
authority to take such slave into the Territory ofKansas and
there hold him as a slave ; but every slave taken into the
Territory of Kansas by his owner for the purpose of settle-
ment, is hereby declared to be free, unless there is some
valid act of a duly constituted Legislative Assembly of said
Territory, under and by virtue of which he may be held as
a slave."
The Democratic party were required to repu-
diate this doctrine of popular sovereignty, in the
Cincinnati platform; and it was done. Hear what
the Hon. Mr. Keitt, of South Carolina, said on
this subject before the Cincinnati Convention was
held:
" The South should establish in the platform the principle
that the right of a southern man to his slave is equal, in its
length and breadth, to the right of a northern man to his
horse. She should make the recognition of the right foil,
complete, and indisputable."
I give, also, an extract from the Richmond
Enquirer, on the same subject:
" We must, in the Cincinnati platform, repudiate squatter
sovereignty and expressly assert State equality. We must
declare that it is the duty of the General Government to see
that no invidious or injurious distinctions are made between
the people or the property of different sections in the Terri-
tories. We do not mean to dictate. It may be that the as-
sertion in the platform of the abstract proposition of State
equality, may suffice to carry along with it the conse-
quences which we desire. But it is often charged that the
Kansas-Nebraska bill contains the doctrine of squatter sov-
ereignty, and that squatter sovereignty is the most efficient
agent of Free-Soilism. Some northern Democrats have
maintained this ground. Now this gun must be spiked. It
must appear from our platform that we maintain practical
State equality and repudiate that construction of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act which would defeat it. The South only
demands equality of right. The more clearly it appears that
the northern Democracy is ready to concede it to her, the
more certain is our candidate of success."
That the slave power got at Cincinnati all it
demanded, will be seen from what was said by
the same paper soon after the nomination of Mr.
Buchanan. I read again from the Richmond
Enquirer:
" With the utmost possible precisioy and emphasis oflan-
guage, these resolutions affirm the great, vital principles,
first, of the constitutional guarantees of slavery; and sec-
ondly, of the equality of the States, in respect m their sov-
ereign dignity and political rights. In equally clear and con-
clusive terms the doctrine of squauer sovereignly is repu-
diated by the platform of the Democratic party."
On this platform Mr. Buchanan made haste to
plant himself; and in his ecstacy of delight at the
principles embraced in it, he is witling to lose his
own personal identity, and become wholly ab-
sorbed in the platform. He is no longer simply
James Buchanan, but the embodiment of the
new Democratic" creed. This is the language
he uses in his address to the Key Stone Club, at
Wheatland, in Pennsylvania:
" I have been placed upon a platform of which I most
heartily approve, and that can speak for me. Being the rep-
resentative of the great Democratic party, and not simply
James Buchanan, I must square my conduct according to
the platform of that party, and insert no new plank nor take
one from it."
Whatever Mr. Buchanan's followers may at-
tempt to say of him in the free States, such is
! the slavery-extension platform on which he is
placed! And that there need be no possible mis-
take as to his soundness in regard to it, I have
only to make one further extract from Hon.
Preston S. Brooks, of South Carolina, which
puts his orthodoxy beyond question. Hear Mr.
Brooks:
" Mr. Buchanan was neither my first nor second choice
for the Presidency; but, as the representative of a type of
principles, and standing boldly as he does upon the Balti-
, more platform, upon which General Pierce was carried into
\ power—enlarged, improved, and strengthened as it has been
by the supplemental resolutions adopted at Cincinnati, and
by which resolutions our principles, as practically applied
to the Territory of Kansas, have been reindorsed by the
American Democracy, and by their nominee—I could not
be unfaithful to the man without treachery to the principles
he represents."
I have thus, sir, shown the position now occu-
Fied by the Democratic party before the country.
have shown what is understood by the leading
principles of its platform. The ground taken is
a bold one, and should be met by freemen with
equal boldness and determination. The slave
power, which now acts through the Democratic
organization, makes no further apologies for sla-
very. It admits no longer that it is in any sense
an evil; but with a bravery worthy a better cause,
it defiantly proclaims it to be right—a blessing
both to tne master and the slave, and <£aims the
right to go anywhere with its property in human
flesh, upon the same terms of equality which we
of the free States possess, to go with what is
everywhere regarded as property by the general
sense and judgment of mankind ! Sir, what is
this " right " which the slave-power, with such
a show of indignation at its denial, claims to
have pufcupon the same footing with property in
the free States ? It is the right, if I may be al-
lowed the solecism, to perpetrate a wrong. It is
j the right to plant upon the free soil of this great
i Republic a system which makes of man an article
of merchandise, and stamps him with the seal of
| perpetual degradation; ana this, too, in violation
[ of plighted faith, of the long-established doctrines
of the common law, and of the Constitution of
the United States. It is the right to subject to
slavery there, not merely the negro, but it claims
that the hateful badge should not be confined to
color or race. For proof of this, I quote once
more from the Richmond Enquirer:
" Until recently, the defense of slavery has labored under
great difficulties, because its defenders have taken half-way
j grounds. They confined the defense of slavery to mere
negro slavery, thereby giving up the slavery principles,
i admitting other farms to be wrong, and yielding up the
authority of the Bible and practice and experience of man-
1 kind. Human experience, showing the universal success
! of slave society, and the universal failure of free society,
was unavailable to them, because they were precluded
! from employing it, by admitting slavery, in the abstract, to
I be wrong. But now the line of defense is changed. The
South now maintains that slavery is right, natural, and
I necessary. Whilst it is far more obvious that negroes
! should be slaves than whites, for they are only fit to labor,
\ [to reverse this argument, it would seem that all the labor
is only fit for slaves,] yet the principle of slavery is itself
right, and does not depend on difference of complexion. Dif-
ference of race tends to render the institution more natural
and durable."
Sir, I represent a constituency of northern
laborers—men who_deem it no disgrace that they
earn their subsistence, and lay up a competence
for support in after life, by their daily labor. So
far as social position is concerned, they are the
; peers of any man on this floor, North or South,
i And I will resist, by all the powers that God has
| given me, the extension of a system into their
territory which degrades them to the level of the
negro slave, and which holds that all who labor,
I whether black or white, are fit only to be slaves
! themselves!
1 Sir, the abstract proposition contended for by
the slave power, to wit: that they have the same
right to go into the Territories with thcxr property
j that we of the free States have with ours, has, at
I first blush, some show of speciousness. But it
rests upon the false assumption that, by the gen-
j era! law of nature and of nations, there is, or
! can be, such a thing as property in human beings.
