900
34th Cong....1st Sess.
appendix to the congressional globe.
Nebraska, Contested Election—Mr. IVashburn, of Maine.
[July 22,
Ho. of Reps.
without murmuring, in whatever they shall order
to whom the choice of President peculiarly be-
|iin"s—reserving, of course, the n5ht to approve,
or disnpprove of that choice, upon subsequent
d, vvUniiiii'iits. 1 am content with any Adminis-
tration which will secure and advance the peace,
iv-os 'ritv,and honor of niv country, and would
o,mh>W anv that did not. I have no interest in
dtiermming who inav stand at the doors of the
Treasury, and enjoy the facilities of that position
to plunder .is vaults; and 1 never can have.
And now, leaving this subject entirely, I again
twg gentlemen to consider well if we should ven-
ture an adjournment until we have made some
further effort to settle our difficulties. Sir, I have
again and again, tr.ed, during all this day, when
it" would be m order, to move to take up the Kan-
sas bill for consideration, to get the floor with a
view of presenting my amendment, and letting
gentlemen then dispose of the whole question as
they might think best, or, perhaps, I ou|ht to
say, expedient. 1 have not been successful. 1
shall continue to try to get this matter up and
acted upon in some way, on every Monday until
you adjourn. There is no other day, under our
rules, when 1 can. directly, make any such effort.
The majority here may* take it up whenever it
shall please those having the control of matters
in this House to take up the business on the
Speaker's table. That majority may,if they will,
defeat all action. They cannot prevent my cease-
less efforts toforce action. If, through the course
of that majority, I must finally fail—be it so.
The consequences for good or ill, cannot, and
shall not, attach to me either praise or blame. _ I
wash my hands of them wholly. If mischief
conies, let it come. I will have no share in its
gtult, or in its blood. If that great suffering is to
come which will oppress the hearts of all men, I ,
humbly hope to find that fortitude to bear up
under my burden, which is given from the con-
sciousness of my duty, my entire duty, performed,
to the extent of my ability and opportunity, in
striving to avert public calamity.
Sir, from the first to the last, I have steadily
labored with a determination that has never fal-
tered since the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska
act, until this moment, for the restoration of the
Missouri restriction. With a purpose that I have
never lost sight of, and that I never will lose sight
of,until that is accomplished, so long as I hold a
seat upon this floor, or can, by my vote else-
where, promote that object, I shall continue to
labor, with unyielding stubbornness, for that
restoration in some shape or other. I am impelled
to this, because, in the first place, it is right;
and in the second place, because there is no peace
for the country, and there can be no peace, until that
is, in substance or in terms—in some form or :
other—accomplished. Let gentlemen North and
South consider the matter well, and they will be
constrained to this same conclusion. Let them |
remember, if they please, that in atl future time, '
or until this restriction is again applied to the Terri-
tories of Kansas and Nebraska, there neither can, nor
\cill be peace. I speak this with no meaning of
offense, or spirit of threatening, but rather as a
fact which men may deplore, or defy, as they
will—such is our certain, our necessary future.
I tell gentlemen of this House, that the time
must come, unless we interpose now and prevent
it, when we will look back upon the hours we
are vair^y wasting, and see that this Congress
had it in its power to have accommodated our
troubles, and made easy terms of public peace and
repose, if we had only willingly and earnestly,
and without selfish aims, addressed ourselves to
the task. We will remember this, gentlemen, as
we see our country and our institutions passing
from us, and from our posterity, forever; for both
must go together. Disrobed of her institutions,
this is no longer our country; we are then but
aliens to our own inheritance—strangers in these
very homes of our fathers. Of what profit is it
to any man if he should prevail in the little
schemes he may have for himself, or any he may j
entertain in regard to the_ presidential canvass— j
of what importance are his hopes of being again
returned to Congress, or that some favorite shall
be President, and will then help him to other
places of power—what are all these mere indi-
vidual hopes, these miserable, selfish aims of
personal ambition, without a country? What
arc you to bo, gentlemen, when your halls of legis-
lation shall be silent, your high places deserted,
' your temples made desolate, your fires of sacri-
fice extinguished, vour altars overturned and
broken in pieces ? VVhat will the proudest priest-
hood you can now win bo worth to you then?
These are serious questions, and it behooves us
to consider them in all soberness.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON: I. WASHBURN, j
OF MAINE,
In the House or Representatives,
July 22, 1856.
The Committee of Elections having reported
the following resolutions:
Resolved, That Bird B. Chapman is not entitled to a seat
in this body as Delegate from the Territory of Nebraska.
Resolved, That Hiram P. Bonnet id entitled to a seat m
this body as such Delegate—
Mr. WASHBURN said: This question has
been argued very much as if its decision depended
upon the votes of the individuals who resided
, upon the Indian reserves. In my view of the
case it is entirely immaterial whether these votes
i were counted or not. The question, in myjudg-
J ment, is to be decided in favor of the contestant,
:' although it should be made to appear that they
! were counted when they ought not to have been.
In the first place, I will remark that it strikes me,
upon an examination of the evidence in the case,
that we have no authority to exclude them if they
were counted. All the testimony introduced by
the parties before the committee proves that those
.' votes were not counted at all, and that they were
' excluded by the officers of election in their return.
I repeat that all the testimony which is legally and
properly before the House, and all the testimony
introduced before the committee, and which was
before them when the case was closed, shows,
and shows incontrovertibly, that those votes were
not counted.
And now I wish to refer to the chapter and
verse to show that I am right. On the 16th page
of the case we find this:
- Abstract of the vote cast in the county of Richardson,
, Nebraska Territory, 6tU day of November, A. I). 1855:
" For delegate to Congress, Henri 1®. Bennet had 76 votes.
u « " B. B. Chapman had 36 votes.
" In estimating the above votes, those on the half-breed
lands were not counted—estimated at 20.
C. DOBST, Judge of Probate."
And that very certificate is authenticated on
i page 17, by the Secretary of the Territory,
i Again the same thing appears on another page,
: and the certificate is authenticated in the same
way. It is true that, upon page 31, there is a
note, not signed by any judge of probate, nor
upon the authority of anybody within the pre-
cinct at that time, which is as follows:
"Abstract of the votes cast in the county of Richardson,
Nebraska Territory, 6th day of November, A. D. 1855:
" For Delegate to Conpress—
" Henri P. Bennet bad 76 votes.
" B. B. Chapman had 36 votes.
" Note.—This is inclusive of the half-breed tract."
That note is signed by the Secretary of the
Territory. It was made by a party having no
authority to make it—made by a party who, by
no possibility, had the right to make it. The
Secretary of the Territory could not know this
fact. He was not there. He could certify only
what was certified to him. He has not done so,
but has done precisely the reverse.
Mr. STEPHENS. The point upon which the
fentleman is commenting is a material one, and
wish to make an explanation to the House.
The sitting Delegate, I am informed by him,
wished to explain that testimony, which the gen-
tleman from Maine says was all the testimony
which the committee had before them when they
came to their conclusion. That testimony is in
l the affidavit of Mr. Sharp, appended to the report
i of the minority of the committee. I presume
every gentleman has read that testimony, and it
puts the matter beyond a doubt; and the only
1 reply which the gentleman from Maine makes
, to it is, that it is not testimony which the com-
' mittee had before them when they closed their
j report. The only question for the House to
] determine is, whether they will believe the tes-
I timotiy of Sharp. Why did not the committee
|! have this testimony? I am informed that the
1 sitting Delegate notified the committee, by letter,
thatlie desired to take that testimony, and called
upon them to examine Mr. Sharp. They did
not do it. It is, however, appended to. the mi-
' nority report. The question is, whether Sharp
!' is to lse believed; and if he is to be believed, it is
I a very clear and full explanation.
Mr. WATSON. I wish to say one word. A
note or verbal information was communicated to
me in regard to that testimony of Sharp. The
case was given into my hands to make a report,
and, at the suggestion of the chairman of the com-
mittee, I saw Mr. Sharp and talked with him. 1
was told simply that he knew of facts in relation
to that election in Richardson county, but he told
me in so many words—which he will not deny
in my presence—that he did not want to be ex-
amined. And he told me in so many words, that
his testimony would be of little or no value to either
party. I want it understood now that this thing
was done after the report was written, and after
it had been submitted to the committee. It was
after all the evidence had been before the comniit-
| tee for weeks, that this main was sprung upon us,
and I went and took Ihe pains, in the abundant
liberality of the committee, to talk with him; and
this was the communication which I got from
him. We are nowasked why his testimony was
not taken?
Mr. WASHBURN. It will be perceived by
the House that the proceedings in this case have
been somewhat strange. When this case was
submitted by the contestant, and by the sitting
Delegate, itwas stated by the sitting Delegate that
he had certain ex parte depositions, which were
not evidence, and which he would not submit,
and he did not. .
The case was given to the committee. ThSy
made their report, and after all that, the sitting
Delegate goes and puts certain papers into the
hands of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
• phens,] ear parte statements, which he did not
j choose to offer to the committee, and has them
! incorporated into a minority report, and brought
ti here for us to act upon. After he told the com-
!1 mittee that he would not offer this ex parte testi-
mony as part of the case, he comes here and de-
I 1IIU11J (lO JJUl li VU.UV j «W ^ - - —   
h pends entirely upon it—entirely upon testimony
;! which he did not dare to submit to proper exam -
i' ination.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have no knowledge of
the facts in the matter. I was not in the city,
and do not know what did occur. I have here,
however, a note which the sitting Delegate told
1 me is a copy of one addressed by him to the
: committee,' requesting them to examine Mr.
Sharp. The committee refused to do it, or did
not do it. That is the statement that I got from
the Delegate himself. I saw Mr. Sharp, and
: thought his testimony very material indeed.
Mr. BENNET, (the contestant.) I wish to
make a statement with respect to this ex parte
testimony. I knew nothing with regard to these
four affidavits until the minority report was
printed and spread before the House. Three of
these affidavits purport to have been taken last
winter in Omaha City. I was myself predentin
that city when one of them was taken; and when
the other two were taken, I was in the town by
my acknowledged attorney. But no notice was
given to me or my attorney. The other deposi-
tion, (that of Mr. Sharp,) was taken in this city
while I was here. Mr. Sharp conversed with me
frequently, and said that the sitting Delegate
wanted to take his affidavit, but he was unwilling
to make it. The sitting Delegate did not give
notice of the time and place of taking the first ot
these four affidavits. It was secret testimony,
( not known to me until three weeks after the re-
: port of the minority was made.
Mr. WASHBURN. So it seems that although
the gentleman (Mr. Bennet) was in the very city
or town in which these affidavits were token, no
notice thereof was given to him. ThtT were
withheld from the committee. But after th. com-
mittee had prepared their report, they were made
! to serve as the basis of a minority report, and
! brought here without their having been submitted
