962
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 22,
34th Cong....1st Ses3. Nebraska Contested Election—Mr. Bennet, of Nebraska.
Ho. of Reps.
Henry Abrams'sshoulfl also be excluded. I agree
-with him. The votes-at Dacotah and at Henry
Abrams's ought not to be received. Suppose the
returns from Dacotah and Henry Abrams'a are
excluded: how then does the case stand ?
Mr. STEPHENS. At the election held at
Archer there was no judge appointed. The elec- i
tion was a voluntary one, from the beginning to j
the end. The residents assembled, appointed
officers, and opened the polls. I say that the !
officers did right to exclude Dacotah and Henry
Abrams's; they did right in excluding Archer, i
Count one, and you must count all. The prin-
ciple of exclusion in one instance applies to the ,
others.
Mr. WASHBURN. The gentleman says if I
hold him -to strict law I must take strict law. I
do not hold gentlemen to strict law. I ask only
for testimony in regard to the legal votes cast, to :
be examined by both parties. My object is to :
ascertain who it was of the candidates that re- j i
ceived the majority of the legal votes cast at the ■;
election. That man I am willing shall hold the !
seat here. I do not hold to an absolutely literal J!
observance of the law. I can conceive objections'
to such a course. It is competent fpr us to waive
a strict observance of laws merely directory and
cumulative, but we should not decide this case
upon ex parte testimony on which the House
cannot rely with safety. That is what I hold.
Now, in regard to the precinct of Archer, I
have this to say: Archer was made the voting
place, and the election was held there—and in
this respect it differs essentially, vitally, from the
case of Henry Abrams's and Omaha Creek ? Will '
not the gentleman from Georgia see this? Will
he not understand the ground upon which 1
would reject Dacotah and Abrams's? The objec-
tion which he makes to Archer is certainly dif-
ferent from that which I make to Dacotah; one
objection may be valid and the other groundless.
I include Archer, because the election was held
at the right place, and fairly conducted, so far as
appears. I reject Dacotah for the reason that
the election was held at the wrong place. When
we go to the testimony, we find there was a
Question whether Archer was, or not, on the j
ndian reserve. Just before the election, it was
ascertained that it "Was not on the reserve. The
judge of probate, according to Mr. Sharp, declined
to appoint officers of the election; but when it
was ascertained that Archer was not on the
reserve, Mr. Sharp, and his son, and friends,
assembled, and then, either by the judge or the
people, officers of election were appointed, and
an election took place. Here is an extract from
Sharp's affidavit. He says:
" That he is the deputy clerk of Richardson county, and
was one of the clerks of the board of election on that day,
and aided in conducting the election; that he voted for Bird
B. Chapman for Delegate to Congress."
The notices for the election were posted by N.
J. Sharp, the son of the witness, as the same affi-
davit shows. He, too, aided in conducting the elec-
tion, and voted for Mr. Chapman. I say that it
does not lie in the mouths of the sitting member
and his friends, who got up this election, to come
forward and say that it was not regular. I say
further, that it was perfectly competent for the
people of this precinct, if the judge of probate
failed to do his duty and appoint officers, to ap-
point officers themselves. It was not competent
for the judge of probate to disfranchise the whole
community of Richardson county. I appeal to
the House whether he had any such power.
When he undertook so to do, it was entirely com-
petent for the citizens to assemble and appoint
their own officers.. If the House believe the votes
were honestly taken and counted, they may be
received; it is their duty to receive them. I wish
it to be noticed that Sharp says that the officers
of election were "informally appointed"—he
does not say by whom. It may have been by the
judge of probate, for all that appears, and from
the fact that the judge confirmed the doings, and
sent to the terrritorial canvassers the returns of
the election, I infer that he did appoint them 
at any rate he ratified their appointment. This
is what I have to say in regard to the Archer
precinct. In the first place, Sharp's affidavit,
which is all the .testimony in the case upon this
point, is not evidence; and, in the second place,
if it is, facts are shown to justify the course *>f
Mr. Sharp and other citizens of the precinct in
holding an election.
The gentleman from Georgia deducts from the
seventy-six votes given for contestant in Rich-
ardson county, nineteen votes, leaving him fifty-
seven. He includes Dacotah, which gives twenty-
five for Chapman, and Henry Abrams, which
gave nine majority for the contestant; and the re-
sult to which he seems finally to arrive is, that
five hundred and fifty-nine votes were cast for
Bennet, and five hundred and sixty-five for
Chapman, leaving a majority of six for Chap-
man. And he admits, in order to come to this
result, the votes of Dacotah and Henry Abrams,
although he has conceded in his report, and
on the floor to-day, that they ought not to be
included. Now, sir, deduct from the five hun-
dred and sixty-nin6 votes given for Bennet ac-
cording to his count, the fifteen illegal votes
cast at Henry Abrams, you leave five hundred
and fifty-four votes for Bennet. Deduct from
the five hundred and seventy-five votes, which
the gentleman has counted for the sitting mem-
ber, thirty-four votes—twenty-five in Dacotah,
and nine at Henry Abrams—and you have five
hundred and forty-one; leaving a clear majority
for the contestant.
Sir, I submit to the House that, in any point
of view, the result is in favor of the contestant,
unless you disfranchise those five counties—half
the counties in the Territory. I say, unless you
sweep away those five counties, it follows inevit-
ably—and I challenge gentlemen to disprove it
—that this contestant was elected by a majority
of thirteen. He received five hundred and fifty-
four votes, after deducting every illegal vote—
every vote given by men upon the half-breed
tract, and deducting the votes from Dacotah, and
those polled at Henry Abrams. Thus, if you
count all the votes given in the Territory, as re-
turned to the State canvassers, and exclude none,
the contestant is elected; or deduct the clearly
illegal votes of Dacotah and Henry Abrams, and
also the nineteen from the half-breed lands, and
you come to the same result—and the contestant
is elected. You have, I repfeat, no right to ex-
clude the votes from Archer precinct, nor from
those five counties I have mentioned. You have
no right to exclude those votes which are said to
be German votes, because it does not appear but
what they had made their application under the
law; and if they had, then, by the organic law of
the Territory, they were voters. And I submit
to gentlemen who hold the opinion announced
by the gentlemen from Georgia, [Mr. Foster,]
whether, upon his doctrine in regard to squatter
sovereignty, it is competent for the people of the
Territory to make a law in regard to the quali-
fication of voters, inconsistent with the organic
law of the Territory?
Mr. FOSTER. The organic law gives the
express power to do so,
Mr. WASHBURN. That may possibly be
so. But I was going on to say that it is imma-
terial whether you count them or not. In the
first place, it is not proved that they were alien
votes, because the evidence comes from the depo-
sitions of men taken in the Territory last winter,
without notice to the contestant, and therefore is
not evidence at all. In the second place, the evi-
dence was only hearsay. No man could know
of his own knowledge whether those men had
been naturalized or not. The gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] the other day, in the
case of the Illinois contested election, contended
that hearsay testimony was not evidence, and I
concurred with him in that opinion. „But now
he comes in and claims this very hearsay as good
evidence in this case. The gentleman blows both
hot and cold—he has one doctrine for one case,
and another doctrine for another case. There is
no evidence in this case in reference to these men;
but even if these votes are excluded, the contest-
ant is chosen by a majority of six or seven.
One word more in reference to another feature
of this case. I understand that these very votes
from these counties, which were excluded for tht
contestant, were counted, by the same canvassers,
for other officers who were chosen at the same
time as the Delegate to Congress, but it was
thowght by them convenient to exclude them in '
this case. I understand that the same votes from
the county of Richardson were counted for mem-
bers of the Legislature, by the Legislature. So
it seems that all of these votes are good enough
for some purposes in the Territorv of Nebraska,
and not good enough for the House of Repre-
sentatives here. They claim to give members
seats in the Territorial Legislature of Nebraska
upon these votes, and to exclude a Delegate from
a seat in this Hall upon the same votes. They
claim to frock their own candidates in Nebraska,
and in this House to unfrock the contestant by
votes given under the same circumstances, and
by the same individuals.
Mr. STEPHENS. My information is directly
the reverse of what the gentleman states—that
these nineteen votes were not counted. They
were thrown aside in making up the estimate.
Mr. WASHBURN. The gentleman misunder-
stands me. I was speaking of the fact that the
votes of the Archer precinct, Richardson county,
were received by the territorial canvassers for
other officers, by which act they recognized the
precinct and the organization there as sufficient,
and, although they may have excluded some
votes given there, they nevertheless affirmed the
existence of the precinct and the general regular-
ity of its doings. The gentleman denies their reg-
ularity, but his Nebraska friends admit it for all
purposes except voting for a Delegate to Congress.
1 am not now claiming to include the nineteen
votes from the half-breed lands. In this branch of
my remarks I have excluded them. My point is,
that the returns from Archer should be received,
because it comes certified to u$ as all the other
returns do, and because, even if we admit the
illegal testimony, of Sharp, it may well be sus-
tained. I am arguing from tlie gentleman's own
point of view. In his final summing up he in-
cludes Archer, deducting the nineteen votes from
the half-breed lands, which he insists were illegal.
Very well, I deduct them—for this argument—
as he does. That leaves Chapman ahead six
votes. Then 1 maintain that for other different
and independent reasons, and reasons admitted
by him to be good, two other precincts must be
excluded, and this leaves the contestant a major-
ity. Take his own columns, and deduct the pre-
cincts he acknowledges illegal, and the sitting
member is defeated.
Mr. BENNET, (the contestant.) I wish to
aay that members were admitted to take their
seats in the Territorial Legislature by votes re-
ceived from those counties. In every instance
where the board of canvassers did reject voies
in this case, the same votes were received and
counted for members of the Legislature, and for
county officers.
Mr. WASHBURN. Sir, I will not detain the
House further than to say, that I am very clear
as to the merits of this case, and never had less
hesitation in deciding what vote I ought to give
than I have now.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. H. P. BENNET,
op nebraska,
In the House of Representatives,
July 22,1856.
The Resolutions reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election Case from the Territory of
Nebraska, being under consideration—
Mr. BENNET (the contestant) said: I wish
to notice one thing with which the sitting member
started .out in his speech, and then 1 will proceed
with th'e remarks which 1 intend to make. The
gentleman alluded to his residence in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska. Now I know, sir, that that
is mere clap-trap talk; but, as he has alluded to it,
I will answer it. He says, token he went to the
Territory, thru and so. He went to that Terri-
tory the year that the territorial government waa
organized. He was a candidate for Delegate to
Congress before he got there. He happened to
be beaten very badly at that election, and the
next day after the election he went home to Ohio,
and we saw nothing more of him. Yes, we—the
squatters of Nebraska—saw nothing more of
him until thirty-five days before the election of a
