964
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 22,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Nebraska Contested Election—Mr. Bennet, of Nebraska.
Ho. op Reps.
Archer precinct; and I think, if the gentleman will
examine, he will find that William B,.Whitaker
was one of the judges for that precinct. It is true
that 1 gave notice of my intention to examine
other men that I did not examine; but that was
my business, and something of which the gentle-
man had no right to complain.
Taken by complete surprise as I was by these
affidavits.it cannot be expected of me that I should
have as ample means of defense against them as
I could have had with more time to prepare; and
1 am necessarily, under the pressing _ circum-
stances, compelled to resort to the affidavits theiri-
selves, in connection with some collateral matters
of history, &c., to show up the misrepresenta-
tions and falsity of the same. j
In the first place, I will direct yeur attention to
the affidavit of Paris G. Cooper. It was made i
on the 15th day of last November, at Omaha City |
—between the day of election (the 6th) and the
day of the territorial canvass, (the23d.) You will
notice alsp, that the affiant states he is a resident of
Cumming City, in Washington county, and that j
he alludes also to a "Jght" which occurred at !
Fort Calhoun, in that county, in which one Davis
figured to some extent. These facts# have some-
thing to do in determining the amount of bias in
the affiant's mind, aud in showing that he had a
personal interest at stake in the statements he
was making, as well as a feeling of bloody hos-
tility against the people of De Soto, my supporters.
There was a * Jight" at Fort Calhoun late last
summer, as the affiant says, and the facts, in
short, are about these: Davis "jumped" (as the
squatters term it) the city of Fort Calhoun, the
county seat of Washington county, which at the
time had not an inhabitant in it, and but one log
cabin; into this Mr. Davis moved with his family,
with the determination to hold the claim—with
what degree of right so to do it is not necessary
for me here to say. The owners of the town, some
of whom were not residents of the county or Terri-
tory, attempted to put him off the place by law;
but they did not succeed. Davis beat them at law.
A few weeks after the law suit, the owners of
the town site, with their friends ana neighbors,
to the number of about thirty, most of them
armed, proceeded to Fort Calhoun, with the
avowed intention of putting Davis off by force.
In the mean time, Davis, naving heard of this
force coming against him, hastily called in a few
of his friends, most of whom were from De Soto,
to the number of fifteen or twenty, and resolved
to defend his " castle " against the assailants. In
due time the assailants appeared before the city,
and in somewhat military style marched up to
Davis " castle,"and " invested "it. A short con-
versation sprang up between the respective par-
ties, some of whom were personal friends; where-
upon (and it is not known by which it was first
begun) a firing commenced between the parties.
Several shots were fired on both sides; the result
of which was, that a Mr. Goss, the captain of
the assailing party, and a very estimable man,
was shot dead on the spot, and several other
persons badly wounded. The assailants were
repulsed, one man killed, and several wounded on
both sides. Whether Mr. Cooper, this affiant,
was in this battle with the assailants I cannot
say; but this I will say, that he was with that
parly in sympathy and interest.
The effect of this border-fight in that county
was to divide the people into two hostile clans,
members of either of which for weeks afterwards
carried arms, expecting and fullyprepared for an
encounter with his antagonist. This feeling was
to a great extent kept up between the Davis or
De Soto party, as it was called, and the Fort Cal-
houn party, until the election. Fort Calhoun is
in the lower part of Washington county, and
Cuming city is at the upper end—De Soto is be-
tween the two. At the election last November
the De Soto party brought out candidates for
county and legislative officers against Cuming
City and Fort Calhoun. And to heighten the
feeling between these two already over-heated
parties, there entered into the election the ques-
tion of getting all the county officers and mem-
bers ur the Legislature elected from De Soto,
with the intent to remove the county seat from
Fort Calhoun to that point. The election came
on, and it wu very cloae between these two con-
tending parties; the result, however, was that tlffe
De Soto party had three or four the most votes,
and elected their men. The returns from De Soto
were made to the register of deeds of the county,
who was of the Fort Calhoun party, and on
whom devolved the duty under our law, as the
office of judge of probate for that county was
vacant by the recent resignation of Judge Cass,
to assume the duties of that officer—call to his aid
three householders,and canvass the vote for terri-
torial officers, &c., and give certificates of election
to the county officers, &c.
Now, I ask, is it reasonable to suppose that
this board of canvassers, all of whom were
of the Fort Calhoun party in sympathy and in-
terest, with their blood not yet cooled from the
recent bloody affray at Davis's house, with the
excitement of a warm election yet upon them,
and with their moneyed interest at stake in keep-
ing their own party in power, and the county
seat at their own town—if they would not have
refused certificates of election to the De Soto can-
didates, who were elected by only four or five
majority, if the least fraud had been known or
suggested by or to them ?
By the way, this same affiant, P. G. Cooper,
was a candidate himself for the Legislature.
This affidavit was made on the next day after
the vote in his own county was canvassed, by
which it was ascertained that he was beaten but
a few votes; and was he not directly interested,
as a discomfited candidate, in throwing discredit
on the De Soto votes, as their rejection would
elect him—it being his intention at the time to
contest the election of his opponent to the Legis-
lature. His pride and his cash were both at
stake in what he was stating. Certain it is that
the De Soto vote has been passed upon twice in
the Territory, by persons who fain would have
found some defect in it—once before the Fort
Calhoun canvassers, and again before the Legis-
lature, in the contested cases from that county,
and it has come out unscathed; and 1 am con-
vinced that this body, with a certified copy of
the poll-book before them, after taking into ac-
count all these accompanying circumstances, will
not allow the affidavit of an interested person,
however worthy of credit he may have been in
Virginia or elsewhere, to overthrow it all, and
to stifle the voice of over forty freemen at De
Soto—certainly when that affidavit was taken
without notice to me.
With regard to the statements of P. C. Sulli-
van, I shall have but little to say—I know but
little of the man. He succeeded in being elected
Speaker of the House of Representatives of Ne-
braska; but he conducted himselfso badly, thaton
his retiring, the usual complimentary resolution
of thanks was offered to the House, and because
of his bad standing, as I was informed by a mem-
ber of that body, it had but little support, and
was finally rejected by a large majority of the
House. It strikes me his testimony, coming
as it does in such an unusual form, should have
something to sustain it. I do not believe that
either he or Cooper have stated a thing; but what,
by cross examination, would have appeared in a
very different colored dress. But the privilege
to cross-examine this witness or any other of
the sitting Delegate's witnesses was denied me—
a privilege which I believe is not denied even to
criminals to confront the witnesses against them.
The gentleman will not say 1 am a criminal; I
am only a contestant.
But 1 pass on to the affidavit of the honorable
J. L. Sharp. Before I do so let me allude to the
fact, that I made every effort under the law of
Congress to procure proper testimony by deposi-
tions, with notice to my opponent of the election
in Washington county as well as at Omaha City;"
but from certain causes beyond my control they
failed. In connection with this point I will read
an extract of a letter from my attorney:
" Cocncil Bluffs, Iowa, January 28,1856.
" Friend Bennet : I received on Saturday last the pack-
age in relation to the depositions in your case; but the no-
tice to serve on Chapman, if you sent it, had been extracted
from it. The end of the envelope was torn open when I
received it from the post office, and I suspect foul play.
But I will go to Rellevue,see Judge Ferguson, and if he
will act, proceed to take depositions, and forward them to
you without the notice. I am satisfied they will not be
legal without it." „
These are the causes of the failure on my part
to take depositions, relative to Washington coun-
ty returns, and the illegal voting at Omaha City.
They were causes over"which I had no control.
Had I succeeded in taking these depositions,
as I made every effort to do, or had I resorted to
ex parte affidavits for proof as the sitting Delegate
has done, 1 know I could have shown a great
number of illegal votes cast for him at Omaha
City, and at least as many at the other precincts
in the Territory, as he alleges were there cast for
me.
Let it be borne in mind, that at Omaha City,
Mr. Chapman received more majority over me
than he aid at every other precinct in the Terri-
tory combined. This fact taken in connection
with others—that there was a body of some
seventy-five or eighty Irish at this place—that
they are usually clannish at elections—that they
came from Keokuk, Iowa, to laborupon the Cap-
itol building—that Cuming had a controlling in-
fluence over these men—that the Secretary was,
and is, and ever has been, politically in opposi-
tion to me, and I to him—that I was charged by
the Administration organ at Omaha City with
being a Know Nothing, a fact V>f itself sufficient to
get the opposition of every foreigner in the coun-
try—all tend to prove that the whole Irish vote
at this city went in a body against me, and for
Chapman thepet candidate of the Administration
party in the Territory. Seventeen of these votes
to my certain knowledge were illegal; and I be-
lieve th&tjifty would not cover all the illegal ones
given to him at this place. I counted the names
of seventeen of these foreign voters on the clerk's
record, who had made application for their "first
papers" of naturalization within ten days before
the election. These things I would have shown
by deposition, but for the unexpected failure to
take them, owing to causes which I have before
shown. I could have shown these facts by ex
parte affidavits had I dreamed sue/i evidence would
be admitted by this House. *
But 1 pass on to the notice of J. L.Sharp's affi-
davit. It is a recent thing, having been made in
this city on the 8th of May, some three or four
weeks after the majority report was made and
printed. It also proves itself to be an after-
thought on the part of Mr. Chapman; for, as
I have before snown, it raises new points and
brings them into the controversy, points which
he1 did not allude to in his anstoer to my notice
of contest, which was the pro|!fer time to make
up the issue between us. It is brought into the
contest at this late hour as a kind of reserve
force both in pleadings and proof, tff cover up all
defects and omissions in both.
Let us examine it first in reference to the pre-
cinct of Archer. The deponent states that the
judge of probate refused to give notice of an
election, to be held at this precinct, and that this
refusal was in consequence of his belief that
Archer was on the half-breed lands. How does
this statement corroborate with other facts in the
case ?
The town of Archer was and is the county seat
of Richardson county—it was named as a pre-
cinct even by the Governor in his proclamation,
who labored underthe error that these lands were
excluded from the Territory; and the judge of
probate canvassed the vote of this precinct as
well as of Salem and Pawnee at the county can-
vass, and issued certificates of election to county
officers, based upon the regularity of this poll.
These facts, I think, are sufficient to rebut the
discredit which Sharp's affidavit tends to throw
upon the regularity of the vote at this precinct.
And right here 1 beg to correct the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] He assumes,
as I understand him in his argument, that this
affidavit of Sharp shows that there were no judges
appointed there. I point him to the affidavit of
Sharp; and what does Sharp stater Mark you
this: deponent does not state that there were no
judges of election appointed. He only says,11 they
were appointed informally," but does not give us
the benefit of any facts to show in what that in-
formality consisted . Why does he not give the
facts, and let this House draw the conclusions?
The reason to me is very apparent; it is because
the facts will not justify his conclusions, and he
wishes to keep them from the House, and force
