1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
967
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Church and State—Mr. Whitney.
Ho. of Reps.-
one's legal rights. My experience herein would
then be a living example of what the poet sung—
Thorp's wit there ye'll gel there-—
Ye'ii find nae other where*"
For if here else, surely, can it be found, except
in this single case of my own experience, that
extinrir affidavits were held to be good evidence?
But I rest assured the House will not give the
least heed to this extraordinary testimony. That
l>ein  set aside, I ask, what is there to prevent
the vote of this county being counted for me?
There is nothing, just nothing, in the mind of
any member, but tlie objection founded on the
alleged illegality, of voters from the half-breed
land. This question of law, so ably argued in
the majority report, I do not propose further to
touch. I have argued it elsewhere. And I have
only to say concerning it, that its determination
is not necessary to a decision of the case. If
those votes are legal, it only increases my major*
ity. I have a majority of votes without the nirw-
teen or twenty from that tract.
It appears on the face of the returns, and has
not been impeached by testimony to the contrary,
to wit: " that the votes on the half-breed lands
were not counted," and my vote in that county
hence, without those twenty, was seventy-six,
and Chapman's thirty-six, giving me forty major-
ity; and which, even admitting all the other rotes
claimed by the sitting Delegate, would leave me
in a plain majority of thirteen in the Territory.
1 may be permitted in this connection to refer
to, and read what I have elsewhere said on this
point:
«' Among the papers filed by me, (No. 1 of my evidence,
leaf 13 in the manuscript,) being the paper referred to by
Mr. Chapman in his statement of March 17, is the follow-
in* statement made by the secretary of the Territory, in
reterenee to Richardson county, to wit:
" 'Among the^eturns for county officers, the following
note appears: " Note.— No certificate was given for treas-
urer, A. Shelly having received the votes on the half-breed
land."'
" The same officer, viz: the judge of probate, who can-
vassed the votes for Delegate to Congress, canvassed also
the votes for county treasurer, and certified his doings to
the territorial authorities. It is evident, from the above
quoted note, which he appended to his return in relation to
county treasurer, that he recognized the voters on the half-
treed lands as not entitled to vote, and would not grant a
certificate founded on their votes. This confirms his other
certificate, that their votes, 'estimated at twenty,' were
'not counted' in making up the abstract of the votes for
Delegate to Congress.
u But again, the total number of white males of twenty-
itne and upwards in the whole Territory, as shown by a
copy of the census returns filed by Mr.. Chapman, was
one thousand four hundred and sixty-seven, exclusive of i
those on this half-breed tract; and the number of such I
white males in Richardson and Pawnee counties, exclu- I
five of the half-breed tract, was one hundred and forty- i
three. The total vote of the Territory at the election of the
6th of November last, was one thousand one hundred and
ninety-eight. The vote of Richardson and Pawnee coun-
ties, exclusive of the half-breed tract, on the same ratio of
the vote to the number of white males over twenty-one
years of age, should have been between one hundred and
twenty-one and one hundred and twenty-two. This, I
tlimk, is confirmatory of the statement of the judge of pro-
bate, that the twenty votes from the half-breed tract were
' not anuUcd,' and included in one hundred and twelve
votes returned for Delegate to Congress.
"These twenty votes thrown by persons resident on the
ttid tract were given for me. This has been assumed in
the conducting of the cases on both sides, and is expressly
charged by Mr. Chapman, in his answer to my notice of in-
tention to contest the seat.
" I *ow say, that those votes do not appear to have been
counted, but that they ought to have been counted, (and
allowed for me by his own admission,) whereby my plu-
rality would, on the faee of the returns, be increased from
thirteen to thirty-three."
To remove all doubt as to the certainty of my
majority in the Territory, I will turn briefly to
the vote of Dacotah county, which will mosKon-
clusively establish the fact of my having still left
a majority, even admitting all the sitting Delegate
claims relative to the rejection of the votes from
the half-breed land. I again read from my last
argument, (p. 70:)
" 1. The Dacotah county return (so called) tea return, in
feet, from ' Omaha Creek precinct,' made directly to the
secretary of the Territory, without passing through the
county register's hands, or without any preliminaiy exam-
ination whatever by the county canvassers.
"2. It is unaccompanied by any poll-book.
"3. It is made from a precinct, or place of voting, not
known to the law, and not named in the Governor's proc-
lamation. (Vide paper No. 1, filed by Mr. Chapman.) The
only precinct in that county known to the law, by being
named in the Governor's proclamation, is Dacotah City; j
sad, according to my beat information, that place is distant j
eighteen or twenty miles ftom the place called « Omaha I me by this House, it will increase my majority to
Creek precinct.' :j fifty-ei<*ht
"4. The vote, as returned, was unanimous for Mr. Chap- ! ,   ,i._. ,   ,, ,
mm—twenty-five votes lor him, ami >u ie/or me, or anv- 1 , e You see 'hat, by counting all the votes
body else. That Tact alone is suirsestivt: of fraud; and, ! on the face of the returns, my majority is thir-
when we take into consideration that voters went to another ! teen, and rejecting all that is claimed to De illegal
place than tile one appointed by law in that county—that bv either of ns mv mninritw iq nineteen • nnri
| the votes were given all one way—that the returns are con- 'I ™,y , ™neteen>. <"?«>
ceded to have been made ' illegally'—and that Mr. Chap- : counting tlie vote on the hatf-bretd land, my majority
man does not attempt to sustain this vote lor himself— must, ; " *'
[ 1 presume, be taken that this tpurious vote ought to be
rejected."
Will any one contend that the vote of a pre-
cinct, not established by law, and the election
held at it in violation of law, should be counted.
What says the Governor's proclamation about
this matter? On pages 43 and 44 of the majority
report we read wnat ?
is fifty-eight.
CHURCH AND STATE.
" Said precincts being as follows: In the county of Rich-
ardson, Archer and Salem ; in the county of Pawnee, Paw-
nee ; in the county of Nemaha, Brownville; in the county
of Otoe, Nebraska City, Bennett's Ferry, and Wyoming;
in the county of Cass, Rock Hluff and Plattsmouth; in the
county of Douglas, La Platte, Belleview, Omaha City,
and Florence ; in the county of Washington, Fort Calhoun,
De Soto, and Cuming City ; in the county of Burt, Teka-
SPEECH OF HON. T. R. WHITNEY,
of new york,
Ik the House of Representatives,
July 28,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whol* on the
state of the Union,
Mr. WHITNEY said:
Mr. Chairman: It will be remembered that, at
an early period of the present session, the ques-
mah; in the county of Dodge, Fontenelle and Elk Horn 1 ti°n °f Roman Catholicism was made the subject
i lit u • in iKa aaii nfr 17 r\ f t l«,.i /i>li )) a ^ 1 xC . fa .  n ■   — ..   I . —. _ . _
City; in the county of Dacotah, Dacotah City."
Now, sir, I say that the election was not held
at Dacotah City, in Dacotah county. I again read
from the majority report on page 17:
The following is a true and correct copy of the returns
ibJa l/\ mo n  fit.  .. _  k _
of a brief discussion; and in reply to some re-
marks of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Smith,] one of my colleagues [Mr. Kelly] in-
quired whether he had ever known a Roman Cath-.
olic, native or naturalized, to take any measures
made to me, and on file in my office, from Omaha Creek 1 calculated to destroy, or in any way impair, the
rn^lnelei?^0o/\^il',yc.'^r,.'.^aska re!ation ' institutions of this country? In addition to the
to the election of Delegate to Congress from this Territory: ; reply 0f the gentleman fVom Alabama, I took
Dacotah Codn^N.Ti! "f0" a d*Y °r,two afterwards, to state
"At an election held at tbe house of Horr and Woods, in 11 Koman Catholic council of bishops at
Omaha Creek precinct, in the county of Dacotah, and Ter- ; *>al"ttiore had passed an ordinance claiming su-
ritory of Nebraska, on the 6th dayof November. A. D. 1855, " premacy over the civil law of the land. The
the following named persons received the number of votes assertion having been questioned, I pledged mv-
annexed to their respective names for the following de- __i/  * J**9 . " , ®. ,<
scribed offices* self, it tills subject should a^ain arise during this
" Bird B. Chapman had twenty-five votes for Delegate to session of Congress, or during my membership,
Congress.   to bring the proof of my statement and place it
" ?oifN S OUJELS111' before the House. I snould not myself have
" GEORGE T. WOODS reopened the subject; but since our Democratic
Judges of Election, i friends have, during the past week, seen fit to
"Attest: j renew the discussion, and assail the principles of
K G Alexander i of Election." | the American party, I feel called on to redeem
T.B.CUMING ' the promise which I have made, and have sought
Secretary of Nebraska Territory. ' the floor at this time for that purpose.
This plainly shows that the election was held ^.j1*8 ever been th,e. policy, and wherever it
at Otnafia Creek precinct, a place several miles c* , „ accomplished it has been the practice,
distant from Dacotah City. Here is a map of °* "?e Romish church to concentrate in the hands
that vicinity, which accidentally fell into my pos- ,
session recently, which shows the relative situa- !
tion of Horrs, where the election was held, and
Dacotah City, where it- should have been held. |
The proclamation of the Governor—the return, j
from this spurious precinct, the negation of the j
vote by the territorial canvassers—the fact that j
Mr. Chapman, neither by evidence nor argumentt j
attempts to sustain the vote from Dacotah county,
it seems to me is very conclusive that it was a j
spurious vote, which he himself does not think '
should be added to his count, and which must be >
left out by the House in their estimate. Reject -
of the clergy the entire property, effects, and
revenues, pertaining to the church. By this
means, aided by an inordinate spirit of avarice,
the laity have been ever contributing, and the
vast hoards of wealth accumulating in the coffers
of the clergy have enabled them to bring cor-
ruption to the hearts of rulers, to subvert govern-
ments, and to foment revolution.
In the United States these vast resources of
ecclesiastical aggrandizement have been to a
great extent closed against the clergy, by the
operation of the system of incorporation and the
intervention of a board of trustees chosen by
ing these'twenty-five votes from Dacotah county, 'I tlle ,aity under the act of incorporation. Ancf,
it leaves me with at least nineteen majority in the  s long ago as 1829, the Roman clergy in this
  i* . , t • u   n t imt notorminoil nnAii on <Ua
country determined upon an effort to pervert the
system, and bring the trustees to a direct subor-
dination to their will, in the dispensation of the
temporal property of the church. Accordingly,
in that year, the council of Bishops which as-
sembled at Baltimore, passed an ordinance to the
following effect:
Council of Baltimore, October X, 1836.
Whereas lay trustees have frequently abused the right
(jure) granted to them iylhe civil authority, to the great
detriment of religion and scandal of the faithful, we most
earnestly desire (optamus maxime) that in future, no church
be erected or consecrated unless it be assigned by a written
instrument to the bishop in whose diocese it is to be erected
for the divine worship and the use of the faithful, whenever
this can be done.
Approved by Grsgory XVI., Oct. 16,1830.
It will be seen that this is a simple and modest
request—a suggestion of the college of bishops—
a suggestion that the trustees shall surrender the
trust which the laity had reposed in them, and
  place in the hands"°f the clergy the temporalities
half-breed lands, which the minority report claims j of the church. But the laity were satisfied with
fihAlllfl Kfl I# •<•/>.. 1.1 I _ _     :  .1 " 1 A , . * mi   .*
Territory, even after conceding to him all he
claims with regard to the half-breed question, a
thing which, by the way, I am very far from
doing.
In this view of the case, then* the vote would
stand as follows:
Others,
1
7
4
4
Chapman.
259
14
17
33
57
Counties. Bennet.
Douglas  ..........123
Curt   10
Dodge    -
Cass......................... 94
Nemaha     56
Washington   44
Dacotah, rejected.
Otoe .....178
Pawnee    -
Richardson.. 76,19, 57
569
550
Majority for Bennet  19
But restoring to the count the nineteen from the
95
as
550
19
35
should be excluded, it would increase my major-
ity to thirty-eight; to which, if you add the twenty
votes of persons of this half-breed land, which
the judge of probate of that county certifies " were
not counted, ' and which I (Jaim should be allowed
the existing order of things. They were satis-
fied with performing their dutv through their
trustees, under the civil law;,and they continued
to exercise their powers under it.
Thus matters continued. The bishops gained
