908
appendix to the congressional glqbe.
[July 28,
"34th Cong....1st Sess.
Church and State—Mr. Whitney.
Ho. of Reps.
no point. They therefore determined to take a
step in advance—a semi-coercive step; and at the
seventh provincial council of bishops held at
Baltimore, at 1849, they adopted the following
decree:
" Art 4. The Fathers ordain, that all churches and all
other ecclesiastical property which have been acquired by
donations or the offerings of the faithful, for religious or
charitable use, belong to the bishop of the diocese, unless
H shall be made to appear, and be confirmed by writings,
that it was granted to some religious order of monks, or to
some congregation of priests for their use."
Here we have the bold declaration of proprie-
tary right in the bishops to the temporalities—
that is to say, the property of every Catholic
church in the United States. It was doubtless sup-
posed by the bishops that this official hint, issued
in a coercive tone, and surrounded, as it was,
by the atmosphere of the sacred council, would
have brought the trustees of the several States to
their senses,and effected the objects desired that
object being to seize upon and get into their own
control, the immense properties of the church in
this country. But the "civil authority" still
stared them in the face, and the trustees in many
instances—I believe in a majority of instances-
remained true to the people; they resisted this
attempted aggression on the part of the bishops,
and with the civil law as their agis, continued to
fulfill their trusts. But the hierarchy was not to
be defeated in its project. Baffled and goaded by
the operation of those democratic laws, which
give to the people of every religious denomina-
tion in the United States the control of the tem-
poral affairs of their church, the bishops again
assembled at Baltimore, in 1852, and passed a
third ordinance upon the subject, to which I desire
to call your particular attention. On this occa-
sion, it is plain they intended there should be no
ftirther room for doubt as to their motives, and the
following unambiguous ordinance was adopted.
It is the sixteenth of the ordinances adopted at
that council, and reads thus:
" Whereas the things given to God for tTi<4 use of divine
worship and works of charity come under control of the
church, whose duty it is to see that the pious will of the
donors be faithfully executed; and whereas the sacred
canons have often defended them against the usurpations
of laymen, we strictly forbid the interference of laymen
.(Unci) in the administration of those things, without the
free consent of the bishops, (episcoporurn.) Hence, not
called to this by the bishop, they usurp them, convert them
to their own me, or whatsoever manner they may be, frus-
trate or defraud the will of the donors, or if they try to wrest
out of the bishop's hands the things committed to his trust
and care, even by means of the laws, (legis pasidio,) we
define and declare that they fall, ipso facto, under the pun-
ishment inflicted by the Fathers in the Council of Trent
(Sessions 22, chap. 11. J3e Reformatione) on the usurpers
of ecclesiastical property."
The punishment here threatened is no less
than that of excommvmication. It declares that
the party—
" Shall be under an anathema, until be shall have wholly
restored to tile church, or to the administrator or benefices
jthereef, the jurisdictions, property, effects, rights, fruits,
j^nd revenues, which he has seized, or in whatever way
they have come to him, even by way of gift of a supersti-
tious person, and until he shall have furthermore obtained
absolktiea from the Roman Pontiff.—Council of Trent,
page 170.
" Even by the aid of the laws!" says this ord-
inance, adopted by the council of Baltimore in
1852. Any person or persons who should with-
hold from the bishops the properties of the
church, even with the aid of the laws, shall
suffer excommunication! Sir, it appears to me,
that the exposition' of this fact covers the whole
ground. It appears to roe that the mere read-
ing of this orainance, the original of which can
be found in any Roman Catholic bookstore in
the country and purchased, in Latin, is suffi-
cient to prove to every thinking mind that the
Romish hierarchy—observe that I do not say
tjie Romish laity—claim supremacy over the
.civil law of every country, and especially of this
country at this time.
Here, sir, is a secret council. Here is a council
teld with closed doors, away from the prying
eye of the world, and if we are correctly informed,
jts transactions are had in a strange language—at
least the publication of those transactions is in
a language which none but the learned can read!
Oh, ye who have railed against the "darklantern"
and the closed doors of the Know Nothings, con-
template this fact! And yet, sir, upon this floor
we find not only apologists but advocates of their
course. These emissaries of a foreign monarch
—men whose predilections, instincts, and pur-
poses, are all hostile to popular freedom—hold
their conclaves in secret, pass their ordinances
and decrees, annulling the statutes of the country,
command their subordinates to disobey the laws,
assert a supremacy over the civil institutions of
the land, and lo! in the high councils of the
nation they are sustained and eulogized; while,
on the other hand, if a few American sons of the
soil assemble together for no other purpose than
the preservation of their blessed institutions of
civil and religious liberty, they are denounced
even by their own countrymen as bigots and j
fanatics. !!
Mr. CRA1GE. I desire to know of the gen- |:
tleman what practical legislation his party pro- i
poses against the Catholics, either in Congress i!
or in the States? . j,
Mr. WHITNEY. None at present. We desire i
no special legislation against Catholics. We wish,1j
however, to have practical legislation in the , j
amendment of our naturalization laws, which, to !
a great extent, will reach this subject; for, be it i
known, that most of the Papists—I do not say
Catholics—in this country, are foreign-born; and,
if they become voters by a too h^sty process of
naturalization, they carry with them to the bal-
lot-box the anti-American influences, prejudices,
and superstitions of their church. Now, sir, the
mere passage of an ordinance would be of little
consequence.
Mr. TALBOTT. Do I understand the gentle-
man from New York to take the ground that the
Congress of the United States has a right to say
how long a foreigner shall live in a State before
he rpay vote ?
Mr. WHITNEY. Yes, sir; that is easily
answered. I say, sir, that, under the Constitu-
tion, Congress alone has power to pass uniform
rules of naturalization. And I say further, sir,
that any State which gives the right of suffrage
to an alien—to one who has not, under these
uniform rules, become a citizen—usurps the pre-
rogative of Congress, and invades the Constitu-
tion of the country. The right of suffrage is the
prerogative of the citizen alone.
As I was about to say, sir, when interrupted,
the mere passage of an ordinance in a secret
council or in the light of day would be of little
importance if it were not put in practice. Let
us glance for a moment at the practical effect of
this ordinance, and see whether this council of
bishops has dared to put it in force. We have
found, in two or three instances, resistance to
the terms of this ordinance, before the people of j
the country knew that such an ordinance was in j
existence. We have found resistance to it i
among the Catholic population in New Orleans,!
in St. Louis, I think, and at Buffalo, in the State \
of New York, Especially shall I call the atten-
tion of the committee to the case at Buffalo, be-
cause with that I am more familiar than with
j the others. It is a short story.
I Under this ordinance of 1852, the trustees of
j the St. Louis church, at Buffalo, were commanded
j to surrender up the temporal effects of the church.
They declined. The donor of .that property in-
j sisted that it should not be placed within the
reach of the bishop. The trustees insisted on
holding their trust, and they pointed to the stat-
utes of the State to sustain them in their position.
1 Threats followed the demand. * Still the trustees
; refused to relinquish their trust. The threat was
' executed. Their church doors were closed
against them, and for two years, I think, that
congregation was without their spiritual adviser.
In this dilemma, the donor of the property, with
his associate communionists, the trustees, and
the congregation, appealed to the Holy Father
at the Vatican, for redress of their grievances.
The Pope replied that he would send his Nuncio
to look at the subject, and to determine the case.
The Nuncio came. His name is familiar to every
reader on the face of the earth. He came with
his hands freshly reeking with the blood of Ugo
Bassi—a man who was flayed alive in the middle
of the nineteenth century for no other crime than
asserting the rights of conscience in Tuscany.
Bedini came, as the representative of the Pope,
to settle an affair between the bishop of Buffalo
and the laws of the State of New York ! He was
received by the dignitaries of this country with
magnificence. He was feted and honored by the
politicians—the mousing politicians—of the day.
A Government steamer was placed at his disposal,
to make his clerical visits to the northern lakes,
in company with the archbishop of New York.
Wherever he went, the political gad-llies of our
country followed and buzzed about him. Having
finished his tour—having gone to the Canadas,
visited the northern lakes, and witnessed the
stupendous magnificence of the great Northwest,
he returned to Buffalo, in the State of New York,
and there sat down to adjudicate on the delicate
question between the laws of the State and the
bishop of Buffalo. It required but little consid-
eration to enable the Nuncio to give his decision.
In plain words he said to the congregation and
the trustees—" You must obey your bishop. The
command of his Holiness is superior to the laws
of the State in which you live—superior to the
laws of the State which gives you a home and
protection—superior to anything mortal. You
must obey your bishop. You must relinquish
your trust; and, failing to dp so, you will be vis-
ited with the anathema." The final threat thus
given was executed. The congregation and the
trustees remained firm. They refused to abandon
their trust, sustained, as they were, by the laws
and the popular sentiment, and the anathema was
hurled upon them from Rome, in consequence of
their refusal to disobey the laws of the sovereign
State in which they dwelt! Well, sir, in that
plight, these people, thus under the heel of des-
potism, came to the Legislature of the State of
New York, and prayed for relief. Catholics, as
they were, they came to a Protestant Legislature
for relief from the oppression oft their despot.
They asked that they might be confirmed in their
right—that an act might be passed by which the
property should not pass from them into the hands
of the bishop and his successors. The result was
the passage of the celebrated church tenure bill.
That bill simply reiterates the ancient law of 1783,
with the addition that any bishop holding prop-
erty of a congregation, and not having, prior to
his death, placed it in the hands of trustees, that
property passes, at his death, from his estate,
and becomes the property of the State, to be held
in trust for the congregation,and returned to them
the moment they should elect trustees in conform-
ity with the laws. It is a qualified confiscation,
complete only in case of tne pertinacity of the
party refusing to obey the laws. Following the
passage of this act, every gentleman must remem-
ber the controversy between Archbishop Hughes,
of the province of New York, and the honorable
Senator Brooks, of that State. In the course of
the remarks of Mr. Brooks upon that bill, he
casually dropped the remark that Archbishop
Hughes held property in his own right to the
amount of probably $25,000,000 in the city of
New York. The Archbishop flatly denied the
statement, and challenged proof. The Senator
had before him an easy task. He had only to go
to the office of registry, copy the records, and
Eublish the statement of what he found. This
e did, accomplishing a triumphant vindication
of his statement in the Senate.
Sir, acts of usurpation like this, perpetrated in
our own time, and on our own soil, lead us to the
recollections of the olden time, and admonish us
to beware of the future. They remind us of the
deeds of Hildebrand—of the massacre of inno-
cenra for conscience st\ke—of Bartholomew's eve
—of deposed monarchs, of States subjugated, and
of treaties annulled by the mandate of the Pope.
In a word, sir, they call to ourminds the fact that
the papal power claims to exercise, by divine right,
an unlimited control over the temporal affairs of
! men and nations. . ,
j I have listened to the remarks of my friend
| from Kentucky, [Mr. Talbott.] In attempting
to refute that position, he has quoted from hon-
orable gentlemen who have before held seats upon
this floor, and in the Senate, and who have de-
1 clared their attachments to this Union, and even
< their readiness to spill their blood in Us defense
against any assault of the Papacy. Well, sir, 1
I shall not question the sincerity of the assertion.
