1896.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
963
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Church and State—Mr. Whitney.
Ho. of Reps.
I believe those gentlemen speak what they feel,
and I believe they speak the sentiments of thou-
sands of Catholics of this country. But what evi- I
deuce do their statements afford, as to the inten-
tions of the hierarchy ? Let it be seen, sir, and
understood, that, in my discourse, 1 have not
assailed, and shall not assail the religion of the
Catholics, even the Roman Catholics. I shall not
look at their dogmas, or criticise their creed.
That is a question to be settled between them and
their God alone. I speak only of the political
usurpation of the Romish hierarchy. And as a
proof that it does claim to exercise temporal au-
thority,! shall quote two or three authorities on
the subject, from the Fathers of the Church.
Thomas Aquinas, one of their most learned
writers, tells us:
" The Pope, aa supreme king of the world, may impose
taxes, and destroy towns," &c.
The Council of Trent decreed as follows:
"The Pope is prince over all nations, kingdoms," &c.
The council of bishops held during the reign
of Gregory VII., declared:
" The Pope alone ought to wear the tokens of imperial
dignity. All princes ought to kiss his feet. He has power
to iti-pose of emperors and kings, and is to be judged by
none."
Cardinal Zaba tells us:
" The Pope can do all things which he wishes, and is
empowered by God to do many things which lie [God] him-
self cannot perform."
These are among the ancient authorities, but
they are authorities from the fountain head. Be-
ing ancient, howeveV, they may be cast aside by
the especial advocates of the hierarchy, as inap-
plicable to the present time. Let us look, then,
at the temper of our own time. In this connec-
tion, T will read one extract only from the organ
of the archbishop of the province of New York.
That talented and potent prelate is said to be the
real though not the ostensible editor of the paper
called the Freeman's Journal; and from that paper
I read the following, which was published in the
year 1853:
" The Pope of Rome has supreme authority over every
diocese, and over every square foot of surface on this
globe. Iiis rights are circumscribed only by the ends of the
earth and the consummation of ages." I
This is a plain and complete connection in the j
chain of proof that the hierarchy of the Romish |
Church claims temporal authority, and under
this head I will remark, en passant, that this
country has been partitioned off into seven prov-
inces, over each of which is placed an archbish-
op. It only requires the concentration of this
system, by the appointment of a cardinal, to ^es-
tablish in this country one of the most potent
political engines of evil that has ever existed on ]
the face of the earth.
It has been asserted here, to my astonishment,
that the Church of Rome has always been found
on the side of liberty—on the side of popular
rights. I have been surprised, because it is not
a mere matter of speculation. It is not a matter
forprofound investigation. The reverse is proven
to be true by a single glance at the nations of
the earth. Look on them, and tell me where do
you find popular liberty associated with papal
authority? Shall we look at Rome ? Is liberty
to be found there? Cast your eye along the
banks of the Tiber, under the walls of the Vati-
can, in the plaza of the Holy City, and tell me
what bayonets are those that reflect back in a
thousand streams the glorious beams of the
morning sun ? Oh ! they are the type of liberty—
papal liberty! Sir, even the people of Rome taave
struck for liberty against this temporal claim,
and the Pope himself has been compelled to flee
from the City of the Seven Hills before an enraged
people thirsting for that liberty which he denied
them! But, sir, he returned, surrounded by the'
bayoaets of France and Austria; and there he sits
in the chair of St. Peter, not daring to venture
forth without this body-guard of mercenaries, lest
his own people—ay, sir, the Roman Catholics of
Italy—should molest him. Liberty, indeed ! Sir,
what man in Rome or the Papal States dare read
the Word of God ? Remember the Madia. Let
us look elsewhere; liberty is not in Rome. Do
we find it in Prussia? Do we find it in Austria?
Do we find it in France, or Spain, or Portugal?
But come from the Old World to the New. Do
we find liberty in Brazil, the only monarchy of
this continent? Was it not there that this same
Bedini, according to Mr. Ewbank, an impartial
' historian, went down among the people,and told
; those who had been married to " heretics" that
they were living in adultery ? Is it there you find
the church of Rome in favor of liberty ? But j
these are monarchies. Surely, then, we shall
find freedom in the Roman Catholic Republics.
Let us see. Turn your eyes to Mexico, to Cen-
tral America, to South America, to the Argentine
Republic, and show me, if you can, the first ray
of liberty dwelling among their people. No, it
I cannot be found. Priestcraft and superstition are
the reigning deities. Liberty, sir, dwells here,
under tne protection of the stars and stripes of a
■ Protestant flag, in the warm embrace of a Pro-
testant faith! Liberty dwells, too, in England—
Protestant England. Let the apologists of Rome
point out, if they can, another spot on the broad
' earth, except, perhaps, brave little Switzerland,
! where the semblance of civil and religious liberty
is to be found.
Speaking of Switzerland, sir, calls to our mind
the struggles endured by that country, in our
own day, too, against the Papal cohorts. _ Pro-
testant Switzerland, nestling peacefully in her
Alpine recesses—a republic so unimportant as to
escape alike the jealousy and the hostility of sur-
rounding despotisms—could not be exempt from
the blighting encroachments of Jesuitism. De-
termined upon the subversion of her liberal insti-
tutions, those sneaking allies of the Romish power
stole into her boundaries, obtained citizenship
and the right to vote, stirred up dissension and
civil insurrection, in the name of the church,
secured an ascendency in the cantons, held the
Diet in awe, and were finally, in 1847, driven
forth at the point of the bayonet. Sir, the same
elements are at work here, the same objects are
sought to be obtained, and the same means—
the means afforded by the power of the suffrage
—are to be employed. Witness the increasing
magnitude and austerity of the church in the
United States; witness our Territory parcelled
out into Romish provinces; witness the zeal with
which she seizes upon the right of suffrage; wit-
ness the audacious annulment of our stntutes by
her councils, and the enforcement of their decrees
by the Pope himself. Sir, liberty is not found
in the spirit of the Romish church. It is not
among the purposes of the Romish hierarchy to
tolerate liberty.
Mr. TALBOTT. The gentleman referred to
Prussia. Do I understand him to say that is a
Catholic country ?
Mr. WHITNEY. The Government is Cath-
olic.
Mr. TALBOTT. I have the census before me,
and it shows that in Prussia there are 10,016,798
Protestants, and only 6,079,613 Catholics.
Mr. WHITNEY. It is a Catholic Govern-
ment, and the laws of a government are what
five liberty to, or impose serfdom upon, a people.
'he gentleman's statement only proves that, by
a centralization of power, a minority may exer-
cise a controlling influence over a majority. Ten
millions of men may be made subservient to si*
millions by a concentration of power in the Gov-
i ernment.
i I have little more to say. There are other
' branches of the subject which I should like to
i dwell on, if my strength would pe*mit. As I
! have said, the elements of freedom are not in
1 the spirit of the Romish church. One more text
| from the living witnesses of our own day. So
i prolific are the unwritten pages of the present,
i that it is needless to look back into the centuries
of the past. " Freedom of conscience, "says Pio
! Nino, "is an absurd and dangerous maxim," and
| " the liberty of the pressis that fatal license of
1 which we cannot entertain too great a horror."
| Ask Pio Nino whether he or his church are the
friends of civil and religious liberty ? He will
answer, as he has already spoken in his recent
| encyclical letter: No! And, sir,Mr. Brpwnson,
the editor of the Roman Catholic Review, tells
us: "The Pope is the proper authority to decide
whether the Constitution of this country is, or is
not, repugnant to the laws of God !" Ergo, the
Pope is the proper au thority to determine whether
his subjects in this country shall obey that Con-
stitution or not. I say that the papal power—I
speak of the hierarchy—is hostile in all of its
elements to what we understand as civil and reli-
gious liberty,and, therefore, as a politico-religious
element, it ought not to be encouraged.
The Rev. J. C. Pitrat, a convert from Roman-
ism, not long since publicly challenged Arch-
bishop Hughes and the clergy of that church to a
discussion on the following charges:
First. " I declare honestly and solemnly that the Cath-
olic doctrines oppose, radically, liberal institutions."
Second. " I charge you and other leaders of your church
with intending and endeavoring to undermine" the liberal
institutions of this Republic, that you may crush them when-
ever circumstances prove favorable."
It is to be regretted that no one has ventured
to accept this challenge. In connection with this
assertion of Dr. Pitrat, I shall read another short
extract from the Freeman's Journal. In a copy
of that paper published in 1852,1 find the follow-
ing bold declaration :
"The great conservative and living principles of our
civil and political institutions are henceforth to be identified
peculiarly tiMi the Catholic church and its friends. Every
year that rolls by will make this fact more clear, and will
develop its consequences more fully."
Another Romish paper, called the Rambler,
tells us that—
" Religious liberty, in the sense of a liberty possessed by
every man to choose his own religion, is one of the most
wicked delusions ever foisted upon this age by the father of
all deceit. The very name of liberty, except in the sense
of a permission to do certain definite acts, ought to be
banished from the domain of religion."
This is the church that has been eulogized on
this floor, as, par excellence, the friend of popular
liberty ! A word now to the statesmen of Amer-
ica, on the estimation in which their political
morality is held by the teachers and oracles of
the Romish party in the United States. I read
for their edification from the Boston Pilot:
"No human fact is more certain than that the politician!
will hereafter court the Catholic vote."
I take this, sir, to be a libel on the public
virtues of American politicians; yet the Free-
man's Journal is no less indelicate in its por-
traiture of their character. That paper says:
"Year by year,the Irish are becoming more powerful in
America. At length the propitious moment Will come—
some accidental, sudden collision, and a presidential cam-
paign close at hand. We will then use the very profligacy
of our politicians for our purposes. They will want to buy
the Irish vote, and we will tell them for how much they can
buy it ill a lump from Maine to California."
Sir, compliments like these, upon the political
integrity of our public men, are not uncommon in
those journals which I have quoted. I shall not
say they are just. " Let the galled jade wincc."
It was my intention, sir, to have dwelt a little
at this time on the hostility which the papal au-
thorities in this country have exhibited towards
our system of popular education; but neither my
time "nor my strength will permit. I must be
brief and close my remarks.
With the simple facts which I have proved—
the fact, that a council of Romish bishops have
passed ordinances claiming supremacy over the
civil law of the country, and that they have fol-
lowed up those ordinances with acts of coercion
with a view to compel an indirect violation of
law—I have a right to hope that those gentlemen
who have been and are now the advocates of re-
ligious liberty will join with me in hostility to
clerical persecution, come from what quarter it
may.
Sir, when a Protestant ecclesiastic shall mount
the rostrum, as in my own State and city the
Catholic bishop of New York has done, and there
present to his people a political ticket which they
shall vote at a forthcoming election, I say to you,
i I say to this House, and the country, that my
"voice shall be raised against that man or-that
i sect—as a political sect—as promptly and earn-
| estly, and as perseveringly, as it has ever beer,
i against the political assumptions of the church 0i
Rome. As I have said before, religion is a thing'
of conscience, but the government of the church
is a thing of policy; and we have abundant evi-
i dence in the history of the past, if not in this
1 country, at least in others, that the Protestant
ruler has not hesitated to grasp at the liberties of
[ the people. I have only to say again, that, should
\ he attempt here, upon this soil, that unholy com-
j bination of Church and State, he will find me pre-
j pared to meet, denounce, and oppose him.
