1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Kelsey.
Ho. of Reps.
that law, I think he has extended his claim in
that behalf mu< h further than the cases he cites
Will variant. The cases he cites were decided
bv the high court of Admiralty and the court of
Kind's in England; and they decide that,
in 1817, B.«l.sh cruisers could not legally cap-
ture s.'avtf snips and their cargoes on the high
seas, when owned by subjects of a nation that
had entered into no treaty stipulations against
the s!av  trade. They decide nothing more than
this: that Kiigland could not rightfully interfere
with the municipal or maritime regulations of a
nation with whom she was at peace. If the
owners of these slaves had voluntarily taken
them to England, for the purpose of there hold-
ing them as property, these cases would have
borne a much closer analogy to the claim made
in behalf of the " peculiar institution" by the
gentleman from Georgia; but, as they stand, it
seems to me they do not sustain the point he has
made.
Sir, I propose to meet the gentleman with au-
thorities upon the issue between us; and it seems
to me that the cases I shall cite entirely over-
throw, not only the inferences he seeks to draw
from the English cases he has cited, but the whole
argument he has made, ingenious, able, and plaus-
ible as I concede it to be. The authorities I cite
are American authorities, and they have this ad-
vantage over those cited by the gentleman, that
they are directly upon one of the main points in
the controversy, and they need no argument to
enforce or apply them.
In the case of Jones against Van Zandt, 2
McLean's Reports, 596, the court says:
"Slavery exists only by virtue of the laws of the States
where it is sanctioned; and if a slave escape from such
State to a free State, he is fret, according to the principles
of the common law; and recaption, in a free State, is au-
thorized only by the Constitution and act of Congress.
There is no general principle in the law of nations which
requires such surrender."
In deciding the celebrated case of Prigg t . the
State of Pennsylvania, 16 Peters, 540, the court
lays down these propositions:
" By the law of nations^ no State U bound to recognize
slavery in another State. It is a matter of comity, and not
a matter of international right. The state of slavery is
deemed to be a mere municipal regulation, founded upon,
and timited to, the range of the territorial laws."
The same principles were distinctly recognized
in three English cases decided before the Revolu-
tion, all of which are cited by the court in deciding
the case of Prigg es.'the State of Pennsylvania.
If your slaves are not held by virtue of your
State laws, you have no powet, under the Con- j
stitution, to retake them as fugitives from service. ,
It is only persons held to labor or service " by the
laws of the States" from which they escape, that
can be returned; and if a slave should escape
from a Territory where there is no law on the
subject of slavery, will anybody pretend that he
can be retaken and remanded into slavery? I
commend this question to the careful considera-
, tion of those strict constructionists of the Con-
stitution on this floor, whoclaim the right to carry
the institution of slavery, under the name of pro-
perty, into the Territories of the United States.
And I desire, in this connection, to call attention !
to the opinion of a distinguished jurist of my i
own State—a Democrat, "dyed in the wool"— I
one of the hardest of the Hards—the Hon. Greene ]
C. Bronson,forq^rly chief justice of the supreme i
court, and afterwards chief judge of the court of ,
appeals—a man whose legal attainments and ;
ability are known and acknowledged throughout ;
the Union. In a letter dated July 15, 1848, after |
declining an invitation to attend a political meet-
ing, he says: j
" Slavery cannot exist where there is no positive law to I
Uphold it. It is not necessary that it shoul^be forbidden; |
it is enough that it is not specially authorized. If the owner
of slaves removes with or sends them into any country,
State, or Territory, where slavery does not exist by law, j
they will from that moment become free men, and will have 1
as good a right to command the master, as he will have to j
command them. State laws have no extra territorial au-' j
tlmrity; and a law of Virginia which makes a man aslave
there, cannot make bim a slave in New York, nor beyond I
tlie i;«cky Mountains. J i
" Entertaining no doubt upon that question, I can see no ;1
occasion for asking Congress to legislate against the exten-
sinn of slavery into free territory, and, as a question of
policy, I think it had better be let alone. If our southern IJ
brethren wish to carry their slaves to Oregon, New Mexico,
or California, they will be under the necessity of asking a 11
law to warrant it; and it will then be in time for the frse
States to resist the measure, as I cannot doubt they would,
with unwavering firmness.
" I would not needlessly move this question, as it is one
of an exciting nnture, which tends to sectional division, and
may do us hartn as a people. 1 would leave it to the slave-
holding States to decide for themselves, and on their own
responsibility, when, if ever, the matter shall be agitated
in Congress." It may be that they will act wisely, and never
move at all, especially as it seems pretty generally agreed
Uiat neither Oregon, New Mexico, nor California, are well
adapted to slave labor. But if our southern brethren should
make the question, we shall have no choice but to meet
it, and then, whatever consequences may follow, I trust
the people of the free States will give a united voice against
allowing slavery on a single foot of soil where it is not now
authorized by law.
" I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
" GREENE C. BRONSON.
"To Messrs. J. Cochran and others, committee.
It is true that we are not asked to enact laws
to warrant the holding of slaves in the Territo-
ries, but we are called upon to admit that slaves
may be rightfully held in the Territories without
law. The very question is made in substance,
which Judge Bronson said would leave the peo-
ple of the free States no choice but to meet it,
whatever consequences might follow, but where
he stands now in this controversy I know not.
I only know that very many, perhaps most of
those with whom he had formerly acted, acqui-
esce in the new doctrine upon which I have been
commenting.
But, sir, 1 turn to another proposition laid down
by the gentleman from Georgia. I deny that
" the title to slave property" anywhere "rests
upon the same foundation as title to any other
species of property." The Creator gave man
dominion over the earth and its productions—
over the fish of the sea and the fowls of the air,
and over every living thing that rooveth upon the
earth, and every thing thathe intended man should
use or control as property; but he has never
given this kind of dominion to one man over
another. He gave equal rights to all men. Our
title to everything that is legitimately property
rests upon an older and a higher law than the
Constitution, and the Constitution only guaran-
ties that title. I venture to refer to the " higher
law," partly because I understood the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Shorter,] in his speech
some time ago, to claim that slavery was upheld
by a " higher law" than the Constitution, though
I believe he did not cite any particular authority
upon that point, and in his printed speech the
remark is somewhat modified. I have indicated
the source of the "higher law" that I have re-
ferred to;"and gentlemen are doubtless so familiar
with the authority, that a more particular refer-
ence will be unnecessary.
Again, sir, I deny that the law of nations ever
established or upheld slavery in any country.
Each sovereign State makes law for itself on.that
subject. The law of nations only regulates the
intercourse of nations, and declares and defines [
their rights and duties in regard to eaeh other.
It does not necessarily have anything at all to
do with establishing or upholding the municipal
laws of any country. This attempt to place
slavery in the States, under the protection of the
law of nations, must fail, and with it must fail
the claim, that the citizens of slaveholding States i
may, by their own volition, carry that institution
into the Territories of the United States, and
establish it there in defiance of the General Gov-
ernment.
Sir, the sovereignty of the Territories, as well
as the ownership of their soil, is vested in the
General Government, and no State can claim to j
exercise any one of those sovereign rights any
more than she could claim the ownership of a i
portion of the soil. To establish the institutions '
of a State or Territory is to exercise sovereign
power. The gentleman from Georgia claims for j
his constituents the right to exercise this sov-
ereign power in the Territories, iri despite of the
General Government, by establishing the insti-
tution of slavery. Whatever may be the tenure
of slavery in the States—whether it rests upon
State law, the law of actual force, or the law of
natrons, no such power as the gentleman claims
can ever be conceded to the citizens of the slave-
holding States. To concede .that would be to
surrender, by the national Government, abso-
lutely, its right of sovereignty in the Territories
to the citizens of a section to establish a actional
institution; and this Government would fail to
accomplish one of the great—perhaps I should
say the greatest—objects for which it was created.
None of the States ever had any title to the
soil or the sovereignty of Kansas. That Terri-
tory was acquired by the Federal Government
in its sovereign capacity, long after the Consti-
tution was adopted. The same act that ceded
the soil of this Territory to our Government,
also, in express terms, ceded all the rights of
sovereignty over it; and it will not be contended
that any State can legally or rightfully so legis-
late as to affect in any way the institutions of that
Territory. If the States themselves have no
power in the premises, how can they confer the
power upon their citizens to establish their State
laws in these Territories, against the consent of
Congress, and without the aid of any territorial
j law?
Sir, these Territories, prior to the passage of
, the Kansas-Nebraska bill, had no law but the
: law of nature and the Constitution of the United
1 States; and neither of these establish or uphold
| slavery. THereisno legal slavery there. Hut the
i claim is made, that the citizens of the slavehold-
| ing States can plant it there in defiance of the
j General Government, and then compel the Gov-
! ernment to uphold and defend it. The proposi-
j tion is monstrous. It gives the citizens of the
j slaveholding States the absolute and exclusive
j control of the whole question, and of all the
Territories. They do, it is true, concede in the
argument, to freemen the privilege of cultivating
the soil in those Territories, upon the condition
that they should assume asocial position approxi-
mating nearer to that of the slave than of his mas-
ter. They do in argument here, concede the right
of the citizens of the free States to emigrate to the
Territories; but they claim for themselves the
exclusive right, when they emigrate there, of
carrying with them the laws of the States from
which they emigrate, and of which they are no
longer citizens.
The gentleman from Georgia has said that
"there is not a slaveholder in this House or out
of it butwho knows perfectly well that, whenever
slavery is confined within certain specified limits,
its future existence is doomed; it is only a ques-
; tion of time as to its final destruction." And
j the gentleman tells us that, "if we take any slave
holding county in the southern States in which
the great staples of cotton and sugar are culti-
vated to any extent, and confine the present slave-
population within the limits of that county, such
is the rapid natural increase of the slaves and the
rapid exhaustion of the soil in the cultivation of
those crops, that in a few years it would be im-
possible to support them within the limits of such
county; both master and slave would be starved
out; and what would be the practical effect in any
one county, the same result would happen to all
the slaveholding States"—that " slavery cannot
be confined within certain specified limits with-
out producing the destruction of both master and
slave; it requires fresh lands, plenty of wood and
water, not only for the comfort and happiness of
the slave, but for the benefitof the owner." This
is the plea in behalf of slavery extension. Because
it exhausts the soil—because sterility and deso-
lation mark its path—because it would starve
itself out, if confined within any limits, slavery
must have unlimited power of expansion ! Do
not gentlemen perceivethat this is a conclusive and
unanswerable argument against the existence of
this " peculiar institution" anywhere?
Mr. WARNER. Will the gentleman from
TJew York allow me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. KELSEY. Certainly.
Mr. WARNER. The gentleman has stated
my remarks fairly. I do not desire to qualify
them in any rvpect whatever. But when he
attributes that result to slave labor, allow me to
say to him, that the same result would happen
if these crops were cultivated by free labor—the
same result precisely. It is not the kind of labor
employed, but it is the peculiar character of the
crops themselves, and the peculiar character of
the cultivation of these crops, as well as the pecu-
liar character of the climate where those crops
are cultivated. We have plantations cultivated
on a small scale by white labor; in my imme-
diate neighborhbod, and those lands are quite
