I8S6.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-—, ■
973
34th Cong 1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Burnett.
Ho. of Reps.
iting slavery. A conference committee was ap-
pointed, ana they reported, as a compromise, that
Missouri should be admitted without any slavery
restriction, and that the amendment offered by
Mr Thomas, of Illinois, shoakl be adopted.
Eighty-seven out of one hundred and one north-
ern votes were cast in this House against this
Proposition admitting Missouri, and it failed,
inally, however, an act was passed authorizing
the people of Missouri to form a State constitu-
tion precedent to its entrance into the Union, with
a qualification prohibiting slavery in the territory
north of 36° 30'. Missouri formed such a con-
stitution; and as soon as she applied for admis-
sion, the North refused to admit her on the mis-
erable pretext, that her constitution prohibited
the immigration of free negroes within her limits.
It was then that the measure of 1821, introduced
by Mr. Clay, was passed, admitting her upon
the provisions of the fundamental act last men-
tioned, providing that no law should be passed
by Missouri e> iluding any citizen from the enjoy-
ment of any of the privileges or immunities to
which a citizen is entitled under the Constitution.
Thus, Mr. Chairman, was Missouri admitted as
a State.
How, then, sir, can any man stultify common
sense by declaring the act of 1820, commonly
known as the Missouri compromise, a compact?
It was passed against the vote of eighty-seven
northern men on this floor. The few from that
section who voted for it were consigned to the
unwelcome depths of political graves. It had in
its initiation or consummation none of the ele-
ments of a compact. Who were the parties to
it? The North and South were then the conflict-
ing contestants. The North did not agree to it
as a unit, and without such unity the South could
not be expected to regard it as a compact. But,
gentlemen of the North, if it was so sacred a
compact—so great a pledge of faith, how was it
that your section violated it the year after its
passage? Your predecessors in this Hall voted
against it,and, sacred as you claim it to have
been, would not admit Missouri under it. A
supplemental law became necessary, which, im-
posing new conditions upon the admission of
Missouri, changed the original fundamental act,
which contained this Missouri compromise, and
thus virtually vitiated any claims it might have
had upon the perpetual regard of the South, had
the admission been unconditional under it.
To show, sir, that the North never regarded
this act of 1820 as a compromise, we have only
to refer to ita conduct in 1850, when legislation
became necessary for the new Territories acquired
by the Mexican war. It refused then to regard
this act as a compact, or even to admit its being
looked upon in the light they now claim for it.
Yes, sir, when the country was agitated from its
circumference to its center, and the pulse of the
nation beat with anxiety—when a " Mount Ar-
arat" wan looked for eagerly, upon which the
ark of the covenant might rest with safety, and
the clouds of disunion hung portentously above
ns, the North refused to apply the healing effects
of this so much now extolled compromise as a
balm to the five bleeding wounds which Mr.
Clay then so eloquently described the country as
suffering from. Then it was, sir, that the patri-
ots in Congress, seeing the impending danger,
which the Nort^efused to avert by carrying out
this now sacred compact, inaugurated the prin-
ciple contained in the compromise measures of
1850, to restore peace to a distracted country,
and which virtually abrogated the principle of
the Missouri act. The principle of those meas- |
ures was then agaih initiated as new, but it was
not new, sir. It was the corner-stone principle
upon which the fathers of the Republic built our
Government—the principle of the capacity of
man for self-government. The principles con-
tained in these measures vitiating that claimed to
have been established by the act of 1820, was
indorsed by the true men of the country every-
where. It was indorsed by the Whig and Dem-
ocratic parties of the country in their national
conventions. It was indorsed by their candidates,
President Pierce and General Scott. It was in-
dorsed by thepeopie almost unanimously in every
State of the Union, at the election in 1852; for
every one of the States voted for one or the ;
standing
upon this
other of these candidates
principle.
Mr. Chairman, soon after this, a necessity
arose for legislation relative to the Territory
lying west of the Missouri, which we had ac-
quired by the Louisiana purchase. It was natu-
ral—nay, sir, it was the duty of Congress, in the
formation of territorial governments for the Ter-
ritories of Kansas and Nebraska, to make the
basis of the bill the principle which had thus
been so universally approved by the nation.
Congress enacted them containing the very same
principles embraced in the compromise measures
of 1850, and declaring, in distinct terms, what
had been virtually done and sanctioned before;
that the Missouri compromise was thereby re-
pealed, thus leaving the question with the people
to be decided by them as in their judgment might
seem best, when, after reaching maturity, they
could properly be considered fit for a State organ-
ization. Can there be any fairer principle than
this—to let the people of the North and the
South quietly emigrate into the Territory and
settle the question of slavery for themselves, not
by force of arms, but through that silent, but
arbitrary instrument, the ballot, in the election of
their delegates to form a State constitution ? And,
yet, sir, fair as was this proposition, just as it
was, consonant as it was with the great element
of our republican Government, and responsive
as it was to the will of the people, expressed in
the presidential election of 1852, it was seized
upon by designing and wicked men North to.
arouse a factious agitation throughout the North,
which is at this time rapidly increasing. Mem-
bers of the very Congress which made this bill a
\ law, in disrespect of public decency, in violation
of the spirit of our Constitution, disregarding
what ought to be the duty of every good citizen
and of law-makers, sworn to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, which ought at least
to have prompted them not to be law-breakers,
inaugurated at this very Capitol a society for
the purpose of defeating the object of the Kansas
' and Nebraska law, and of preventing a peaceful
!i contest between the legitimate citizens of Kan-
sas as to what their policy relative to slavery
should be.
We have heard, sir, a great deal about the out-
rages in Kansas, aboutthe invasion of the ballot-
box, the murder of peaceful citizens, the mobbing
of others, the destruction of printing presses, the
burning of public-houses, the sacking of the
town of Lawrence, and the other scenes of out-
rage alleged to have been committed there. 1
know nothing about the facts in the case; but, I
say, upon the heads of Nathaniel P. Banks,
Daniel Mace, J. Z. Goodrich, and the other in-
itiators of the emigrant aid societies, rests all the
blood that has been shed, and all the responsi-
bility of the outrages which it is alleged have
been committed in Kansas. They were the in-
augurators of the system which resulted in the
present condition of things in that Territory.
What did they do? They met in Washington,
formed an emigrant aid society, contributed their
money to pour into that Territory a number of
free-State men to defeat the healthy exercise, by
the bona fide settlers, of the privileges conferred
on them by the territorial bill, in order that they
might make Kansas free—right or wrong. From
this inauguration of the system of emigrant aid
societies, and its recommendations, resulted all
the like societies in the North, and the master-
spirit of them all, the Emigrant Aid Society of
Massachusetts. _ Gain, they say, was one of the
incentives of their moneyed contribution to its
purposes. That is a shallow subterfuge for their
illegal attempts to control affairs in Kansas. But
if such was really their motive, it but sinks them
deeper in infamy—evidencing, as it does, that, in
conjunction with their illegal purpose of con-
trolling the future destinies of that Territory,
the love of filthy lucre added an additional lever-
age to their movements.
But, sir, they not only carried out the forma-
tion of these societies in the States, but the free-
State men banded together in the Territory, in
exclusive organizations for the purpose of making
Kansas free. Was it not natural, then, that
southern men should combine to resist these out-
side, united with inside, attempts to prevent
them from enjoying their rights in Kansas? How
dare the instigators of these movements con-
demn the South for resisting their illegal purposes
to force a character of institution upon Kansas
which would preclude them from enjoying their
1 property in it for all time to come > From the
conduct of those northern men, who started these
emigrant aid societies, resulted the excited state
of affairs in Kansas. They began it, and they
must bear the responsibility of it—not the South.
They not only engaged in these illegal attempts
, to control bV outside organizations the ballot-
j box in that Territory, but they counseled trea-
i' son against its regularly-organized government.
Those who were sent there by the emigrant aid
societies carried with them a feeling of opposi-
tion towards the territorial government which
utterly incapacitated them to be law-abiding citi-
zens of Kansas. Under the lead of Reeder, Lane,
Robinson, and others, who received their instruc-
tions to keep up agitation at all hazards, they
soon burst out in open treason against the terri-
torial government, and the authority of the Uni-
ted States; held elections on other than those
days fixed by the regularly-constituted authori-
ties, and formed a State constitution, consulting
in such formation not the entire people of the
Territory, but only their own partisans. And
yet, sir, we find the Republicans from the North,
on this floor—these men who are so horror-stricken
by what they call outrages, who profess them-
selves to be so desirous of restoring peace to a
distracted country, and of vindicating the purity
of the ballot-box in Kansas, passing a bill through
this House admitting it as a State under the To-
peka constitution—a constitution formed by a
band of traitors to the country—a constitution
framed and passed in utter disregard and contempt
of law, and which was but the creature of a mi-
nority, not having received the sanction of a ma-
jority of the people of that Territory.
Mr. Chairman, in the discussion of this bill
admitting Kansas under the Topekaconstitution,
we were completely deafened with the clamor of
the Republican members on this floor about the
wrongs of Kansas; its outrageous laws, and the
innumerable offenses against right, which wera
committed, as they allege, under the cognizance
and connivance of the territorial government.
And this clamor, sir, came from men who were
endeavoring, at the same time, to obtain from
Congress an indorsement of a purely revolution-
ary and treasonable movement, put on foot, and
consummated, as I have already said,in defiance
and contempt of all law. Their advocacy of this
revolutionary movement, embodied in the admis-
sion of Kansas under the Topeka constitution,
they pretended was based upon a desire to cor-
rect all these evils, which they alleged existed
there under its present government. And yet,
sir, how shallow the hypocrisy of such move-
ments, and how easily is it exposed!
In the Senate, a bill to correct these evils of
which they so much complain, originally intro-
duced by Senator Toombs, is passed, and sent to
1 this House, repealing all those obnoxious laws,
effecting a State organization—the object professed
to be aimed at by the Topeka bill, providing a
proper basis of representation in the convention
to form a State constitution, pledging all parties
to a fair and just commission to fix the represent-
ation in said conventicm, pledging the strong arm
of the military branch of the Government to stand
by and sustain the integrity of the ballot-box in
the election of delegates; in fact, doing every con-
ceivable thing to disarm the advocates of the
Topeka constitution of all opposition to it by its
full provisions to correct every abuse of which
they complain; and yet, sir, every Republican in
the Senate voted against it, and not one has moved
to call it up in this House, notwithstanding they
complain so much, and profess so ardent a desire
to see the abuses that they allege exist in Kansas
corrected, and quiet and peace restored to the
Territory.
Sir, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn]
spoke the truth when he said it was not the
object of the Republican party to promote a
settlement of affairs in Kansas; that none but
extreme measures, such as tliey knew would not
receive the sanction of the Senate, would meet
their approval. In fact, that thej wanted to lei
