974
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 28,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Nptional Politics—Mr. Burnett.
Ho. of Reps.
the question remain open that they might keep
alive agitation, even though the result be the dis-
memberment of the Union, if necessary to enable
them to obtain possession of the Grove rniYient, and
converi it to their purposes. This, sir, is the party
that has raised all tins hue and cry, and yet have
rejected the peace-offering presented by the Sen-,
atfr—a measure which redresses all alleged out-
rages upon,Kansas—soothes all her afflictions—
prevents further sinning against her—precludes
the abridgment of the rights of the people—
pledges, as i have said before, the strong arm of
the military power of the Government, and the
fair selection of uien from all parties and sections,
as census commissioners to see fair play in that
Territory. This, sir, is the party publicly ex-
hibiting jheir purpose not to settle the troubles in
Kansas; and yet, planting themselves upon the
Bole issue of making it free, present John C. Fre-
mont and William L. Dayton to the American
people for election to the two highest offices in
their gift. In assuming this position before the
country, they insidiously disguise the further
nefarious purposes of their organization. Cov-
ertly lurking beneath their carefully-devised plat-
form lie other objects equally, if not more, dan-
gerous to the welfare of the South. I have the
authority of the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts, on this floor, [Mr. Bcrlingame,]
and the noted Senator from the same State [Mr.
Wm.son'] in the other end of the Capitol, to depict
in stronger language than I can their other and
darker purposes. 1 read their speeches delivered
in Boston a little over a year ago. Mr. Burlin-
game said:
"If asked to state specially what he would do, he would
answer: First, repeal tlie Nebraska bill; second, repeal
the fugitive slave law; third, abolish slavery in the District
of Columbia; fourth, abolish the inter-State slave trade;
next he would declare that slavery should not spread to
one inch of the territory of the Union ; he would then put
the Government actually and perpetually on the side of
freedom—by which he meant that a bright-eyed boy in
Massachusetts should have as good a chance for promotion
in the Navy as a boy of one of the first families in Vir-
ginia. He would have our foreign consuls take side with
the noble Kossuth, and against that butcher Bedini. He
would have judges who believe m a higher law, and an
anti-slavery constitution, an anti-slavery Bible, and an anti-
slavery God! Having thus denationalized slavery, he
would not menace it in the States where it exists, but
would say to the States, it is your local institution; hug it
to your bosom until it destroys you. But he would say, you
must let our freedom alorm. [Applause.] If you but
touch the hero of the garment ot freedom we will trample
you to the earth. fLoud applause.] This is the only con-
dition of repose, and it must coine to this. He was en-
couraged by the recent election in the North, and he de-
fended the' new movement,' which he said was born of
Puritan blood, and was against despotism of all kinds. This
new party should be judged, likeothers, by its fruits. It had
elected a champion of freedom to the United States Senate
for four years, to fill the place of a man who was false to
frtteilmiij and not true to slavery. For himself, he could
say that, so long as life dwell in his bosom, so long would
he fialil for liberty and against slavery. In conclusion, he
ejepretwied the hope that soon the time might come when
the sun should not rise on a master, nor set on a slave."
After Mr. Burmnoame had taken his seat there
■were loud and continued calls for " Wilson," in
answer to which Hon. Henry Wilson spoke, as
follows:
" Mr. Chairman and Ladies and Gentlemen : This is not
the tune nor the place for me to utter a word. You have
listened to the eloquence of my young friend, and here to-
niglu 1 indorse every senmneut he has uttered. In public
or in private life, in majorities or in minorities, at home or
abroad, 1 intend to live and to die with unrelenting hostility
to slavery on my lips. I make no compromises anywhere,
at home or abroad; I shall yieM nothing of my anti-slavery
sentiments to advance toy o\ro |>ersonal interests, to ad-
vance party interest, or to meet the demands of any State
or section of our Country. 1 hope to be able to maintain,
on all occasions, these principles, to comprehend in my
affections the whole country, and the people of the whole
country—and when I say the whole country, I want every-
body to understand that I include in that term Massachu-
setts and the North. This is not the tune for me to detain
you. \ ou have called on me, most unexpectedly, to say a
word, and, having done so, I will retire, thanking you for
the honor of this occasion."
This, Mr. Chairman, is what the gentlemen
from Massachusetts, Messrs. Bcrlingame and '
Wilson, who are now acting with the Republic-
ans, said was the mission of their party. Let
the people of the South recollect that they thus
snoke when they had gained a prominence under
the auspices of the Know Nothing organization,
■which was then flesh of the same flesh, and bone
of the same bone, ag the Know Nothing organ-
ization in the South. These were their infamous
sentiments at t£at time, in conceiving this Repub-
lican organization, and they afford a key to the
concealed movements and purposes of that party
now looking to the entire subversion of Hie rights
of the South, to make us their menials, and sub-
ject our property to the dangers of their caprices
and pleasure.! And, sir, should they succeed in
electing John C. Fremont President, a man who
has nothing in his past life to recommend him to
the confidence of the country, possessing none of
the elements of a statesman, ana having no record,
and, if any, on the side of the South; a man who
has turned traitor to the land of his nativity, to
those who nurtured him in his infancy and child-
hood, and honored him in his maturity—I say,
sir, if he should be elected, the alternative pre-
sents itself to the South of disgrace or disunion.
The question will then stare us in the face,
whether we will have our constitutional rights
disregarded in the Union, or maintain them our-
selves outside of it? t
Sir, I am no alarmist; nor am I a disunionist.
I represent a people here who love the Union, a
people who have always been distinguished for
their conservatism, who have always been rep-
resented in the councils of the nation by men
noted for their Union-loving patriotism,a people
that honored Clay, who combined in his person
much of the genius of our institutions, a people
who have ever thrown themselves into the breach
to save the Union when the conflicts of contend-
ing factions threatened to destroy it; but, sir, if
John C. Fremont should be elected, pledged as
he is to war upon the institutions of the South, i
composed as his Administration would be of men ;
from but one section of the Union, filled as the
Federal offices would be by sectional men, all i
pledged to make common cause against the South,
with a Congress backing up his Administration
such as the present House, who conceive no
measure.too unconstitutional, too revolutionary, 1
too disgraceful, to meet their sanction, so as it
makes war upon the South, the frightful mien of
disunion forces itself on them as far the preferable
alternative between it and oppression and disgrace
in the Union. They would then, still remindful j
of its past glories, the memories of its giant states-
men, the heroic deeds of valor of its noted war-
riors, prefer rather to cut short its existence than
to blacken those brilliant recollections with the
record of its future disgrace.
Mr. Chairman, with this aspect of affairs pre-
sented to the South, and when the hopes of suc-
cess in the Republican party are based upon the
prospects of its divisions, how can it be divided?
May I not, sir, say, how dare a third organiza-
tion present itself to that section for support,
when these frightful issues are pending upon the
result of the presidential election? Sir, I think I
can speak for the South, and promise that she
knows too well her position not to rebuke those
who are seeking to divide her, to destroy the
Democratic party, and with it the Union.
And now, Mr. Chairman, let us examine into
this third party, which I have said will be rebuked
by the people of the South for attempting to divide
its vote. It presents a ticket headed by Millard
Fillmore, with Andrew Jackson Donelsonfor the
vice presidency. It has no earthly prospect of
success. Its purpose is to wage a guerrilla war-
fare against the great Democratic party, and whilst [
it is protected by the panoply of the Constitution, 1
is fighting the battle of the country. Disguise it
as they may, Mr. Chairman, their present con- .
duct evidences a heartfelt wish rather to see the
Republicans successful, the Constitution prosti-
tuted, the Union destroyed, than to see the coun-
try triumph in the success of Democratic princi-
ples. When we look at its first opening hand in
hand with abolitionism, an inference may be
drawn, sir, showing that the connection between •
the first loves is not entirely severed. Can it be
possible, sir, that a sympathy still exists between
them ? Whe n we look at their former union, and :
their present common warfare against the Demo- i
cratic party, the affirmative is not impossible. '
When we look at the fact, that eighty-four Re-
publicans in this House were elected as Know,
Nothings; that they go in for elevating the negro
to the dignity and position of the white man; and,
indeed, have not yet determined whether the
white or the black race is superior; whilst, like
their southern brethren, they go for degrading a
portion of their white fellow-citizens to the level
of the negro—I say, sir, with these facts staring
us in the face, the existence of sympathy between
the Black Republicans and Know Nothings of
the South would not be surprising—a sympathy
which would lead the one to indirectly aid the
other by dividing the South, when, as a unit, it
would render the triumph of Democratic princi-
ples certain.
And now, Mr. Chairman, let us look at the
history of this party from its inception, in con-
nection with the subject of slavery, down to the
prese.nt time, and see if, f om the facts which I
present, it is at all strangerthat the so-called Na-
tional Know Nothings and Black Republicans
are allies in the present contest against the Demo-
cratic party. We find it meeting " at the hour of
midnight, when all the world in slumber sleeps;"
improving upon their first lesson in politics, which
was to control municipal and county offices in
the States, and naming in their secret conclaves
men to represent congressional districts at the
North. Then, sir, moving secretly and insidi-
ously to the polls with their tickets fixed, they
elected the eighty-four choice Americans that
want to rule America who voted throughout the
balloting for Nathaniel P. Banks for Speaker
of this House. Nay, sir, Nathaniel P. Banks
himself is a bantling of this super-American
organization. He was elected by them, sent here
and elected Speaker, a majority of those voting
for him being Know Nothings. They struck
down at the North, with but few exceptions,
every man in this House who voted for the Kan-
sas bill. They defeated Shields, Dodge, and
others, who were candidates for reelection to the
Senate, and had voted for the Nebraska bill. Yes,
sir, their conquering swords cleaved down all
these patriots, these friends of the South, the Con-
stitution, and the Union, and put in their places
Wilson, Hale, Dcrkee, Harlan, Fessen-
den, Burlingame, &c., and reelected Banks and
others of the same stripe, all wily Abolitionists,
watching every opportunity to direct well-aimed
blows at the interests of the South. These are
the Americans they elected to rule America! Be-
sides, sir, they ousted every Governor of a State
who was conservative in his sentiments, and
placed in their stead impudent Abolitionists, who
dare to insult our sovereignty with State com,
munications, which are nothing more than in-
cendiary documents againsyslavery.
These, Mr. Chairman, were the results of the
triumph of the Know Nothing party at the North.
Emboldened by the encouragement they received
from their Know Nothing friends in my section,
it made a strike for the first gubernatorial chair
elective after its initiation in the South. It was
the executive chair of the Old Dominion that
was to be filled—that dazzled with its high honors
the guerrilla eye of the dark-lantern party, and
invited a trial of their midnight tactics to secure
the pri^e. They attempted it, but were met by
the just fortune of defeat. Thus, sir, did tha
most poisonous arrow, concocted at the North
to destroy the South, lose its force before it
reached its aim, and fall harmless at our feet.
Virginia still stood firm, as she has ever done, to
beat back the surges of fanaticism as they come
from the North to attempt to sweep the South.
Failing,Mr. Chairman,in Virginia, they turned
their eyes to other southern «Ues where elec-
tions were soon to come -off. A national council
was held — the first regular gathering of the
" knights with their visors down," from all sec-
tions of the country, that was ever held. There
was the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Ricaud]
sitting cheek by jowl with the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Buffinton,] and Mr. Bart-
lett, of my State, presiding over a council of a
political party in which he hailed as brother, and
gave the password and grip to, Henry Wilson,
Senator from Massachusetts, of rifle-cane noto-
riety—all sworn votaries to the same false idol.
It was necessary to do something for the South,
to carry the southern States in which elections
were then yet to be held. For two days was
the South libeled in that convention, and yet the
delegates from that section still implored some-
thing on paper to show their people; and the
result of their prayers was the adoption of the
famous twelfth section by a vote pretending to
