976
APPENDIX, TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 28,
34th Cong 1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Burnett.
Ho. of Reps.
That Congress has the right to do that indi-
rectly which it cannot do directly.
That the agitation of the subject of slavery in
the District of Columbia and the Territories, to
overthrow that institution in the several States,
is not a violation of the true spirit of the Consti-
tution, is not an infringement of the right of the
states affected, and is not a breach of the faith
upon which they entered the Confederacy. _
That Congress has the right to discriminate
between the institutions of one portion of the
States and another, with a view of abolishing the
one and promoting the other.
That the abolition of slavery, the inter-State
•lave trade, and the discrimination between the
institutions of the several States would not be vio-
lative of the Constitution, destructive of the fun-
damental principles upon which the Union rests
and, that the consummation of such measures is
within the power of Congress.
That Congress can consider petitions on sub-
jects over which it has no power.
That such petitions should be received,debated,
printed, referred, and considered.
That a citizen of a slave State cannot pass in
transitu with his slave property through free ter-
ritory, and that the laws preventing him from so
doing are constitutional and of binding effect.
That a Territory ought to be forced by Con-
gress to permit the imposition upon it of the im-
migration of free negroes into its limits.
That Congress has power to impose upon a
State the abolition of slavery within its limits as
a condition of its admission into the Union.
But, Mr. Chairman, his congressional record
does not complete the chapter of his opposition
to the South.
He opposed, sir, in 1844, the annexation of
Texas.  
In 1847 he led the Whig ticket in New York,
as the candidate of that party for comptroller,and
was elected on a platform containing the follow-
ing as a part of one of its resolutions:
* *   * «they declare, since the crisis has arrived
when the question must be met, their uncompromising hos-
tility to the extension of slavery into any territory now free,
or which may hereafter be acquired by any action of the
Government of our Union."
And now, Mr. Chairman, I anticipate the
answer to all this startling array of facts. 1 will
be told, as will this House and the country,
that Mr. Fillmore signed the fugitive slave bill,
and that that one fact is a sufficient retribution
for his previous offenses. Sir, there is no merit
attached to his signature of that bill, when we
reflect upon the circumstances which surrounded
that act. Mr. Fillmore signed the other measures
of compromise accompanying this act, and de-
layed signing the fugitive slave law. He said
himself, in his speech at Louisville, Kentucky,
in 1854: '
"The fugitive slave law had some provisions in it to which
I had some objections. I regretted the necessity of its being
passed at all." • • * « I examined it in the midst of hurry,
confusion, and difficulties, and a doubt came up in my mind
whether it was not unconsututional, as denying the right of
habeas corpus to the fugitive slave, which doubt T submitted
to the Attorney General, (Mr. Crittenden,) and upon being
assured by him that the law was not a violation of the Con-
stitution, therefore I gave my sanction to the bill."
Thus it will be seen, Mr. Chairman, that he
hesitated to sign the bill, because he thought, like
his old compeers in Congress, Giddings, Slade
k Co., that the runaway negro ought to have a
trial by jury. ' 8 5
Why,Mr. Chairman, the man who runs second
on the ticket to Mr. Fillmore, the " patriotic,
greasy Tennesseean," Andrew Jackson Donel-
son, thus Knocked Mr. Fillmore's pretensions to
credit for signing that bill into the head. In the
Union, in 1851, when he was editor, he said:
lt!at the Administration [of Pill-
more] is entitled to the credit of standing up to the measures
of the compromise in good faith, it U tooridiculous to require
a dental, and too preposterous to demand refutation. Everv
free, white citizen, who is not fcn infant, idiot, or lunatic,
or woefully forgetful, knows that it is utterly anil entirely
without foundation. All the measures of the compromise
except the fugitive slave law, were self-enactingT As to
that law, Mr. Fillmore was unwilling to permit it to become
a law before he consulted Mr. Crittenden on the subject 
a fact which the Itepublic fhis organ] mentioned at the
time, in order to justify Mr. Fillmore before his northern
bigber-law friends for not returning the bill with his objec-
tion*."
We know, Mr. Chairman, that Mr. Fillmore
came into office pledged to the Whig doctrine,
not to veto a bill when it was constitutional, and
was passed by a majority of the Representatives
of the States and people. The constitutionality
of the fugitive slave law is evident to the dullest
intellect. Mr. Fillmore, though, was in doubt;
his Attorney General removed these doubts.
After that doubt being removed, the following
affords the key to his signature of it:
The New Albany Tribune, the leading Fillmore
organ in Indiana, says:
" Mr. Fillmore gave his official sanction to the fugitive
slave bill because we [the Free-Soilers] could not have got
other laws on which our hearts were set, that we have got,
! had not that law been passed also, and because in doing so
he was but carrying out one of the great principles of the
party which elected him—that the personal opinions of the
Executive on mere questions of policy ought never to be
brought into conflict with the will of the people's represent-
atives by an arbitrary exercise of the veto power."
i Judge Conklin, his Minister to Mexico, in a
late speech, said:
" But in imputing to him a willingness to extend and
fortify slavery, I am persuaded his assailants have done him
injustice. I believe, on the contrary, that he still holds
slavery in the abstract, as he is known formerly to have
done, in as p-eat abhorrence as they do. The evidence
constantly cited to justify this charge is the fact of liis hav-
ing affixed his signature to the fugitive slave bill. The alter-
native was to interpose his veto. But no one had a right to
expect him to do this, for he had no right himself to do it.
Either from douM about its constitutionality, or from defer-
ence to the opinion of those who questioned it, he did ap-
point the usual precaution of submitting the bill to the exam-
ination of the Attorney General, and asking kis opinion of
its constitutionality. To have vetoed it under the very ex-
extraordinary circumstances of the case would have been,
to say the least, a palpable violation of the Constitution.
No enlightend man who understands the subject can doubt
this, and no such man can have been sincere in casting
censure upon Mr. Fillmore for adopting the opposite alter-
native."
But, sir, even admitting that he signed the fu-
gitive slave law in good faith, the first official act
of clemency on his part subsequent to signing it,
was to pardon two men who were guilty of vio-
lating the very principle of the bill. In the year
1848, a deep laid conspiracy was planned, and
nearly consummated, to carry off from Virginia
and the District of Columbia a large number of
slaves. Two men, Drayton and Sears, the captain
and charterer of a schooner called the Pearl, were
the parties. They had got off from Washington
seventy-seven slaves on the schooner, and had
actually reached the mouth of the river with them,
when they were overtaken by a steamboat and
brought back. The citizens were so much ex-
| cited that they came near using lynch-law. Dray-
ton and Sears were tried and convicted on seven-
ty-three cases for transporting slaves, were fined
; heavily, and committed to jail in default of pay-
! ment. Mr. Fillmore pardoned them on the appli-
1 cation of Senator Sumner, and thus outraged law
went unavenged by the pardoning of these negro
thieves. The security of slave property was
impaired. A large amount of fines was lofet to
the Government, and to the owners of the slaves,
who under the law were to have half of the fines.
And now, Mr. Chairman, having disposed of
the idea by his own testimony; that of the man
who runs second on the ticket with him; that of
his minister to Mexico; that of the leading organ
of Mr. Fillmore in Indiana; and by his pardon of
Drayton and Sears, that there was any merit to be
attached to Mr. Fillmore's signature to the fugitive
slave law, let us look at the construction of so
much of his Cabinet as were from the North.
Nathan K. Hall, of New York, Postmaster
General, a Wilmot-proviso man.
Thomas Corwin, of Ohio, Secretary of the
Treasury, a noted Abolitionist.
Solomon D. Hubbard, of Connecticut, (suc-
cessor of Hall,) a Wilmot-proviso man.
Daniel Webster, Secretary of State, a Wilmot-
proviso man.
And now, Mr. Chairman, for the bene'fit of
those men who rail against this Administration
for having, by mistake, appointed some men to
office who turned out afterwards to be Free-Soil-
ers, let me refer to the letter of the Hon. Samuel
A." Smith, which speaks in stronger language
than I can, showing that Mr. Fillmore appointed
none but Free-Soilers to office at the North:
Washington, June 7,1854.
Dear Sir : I received your letter some time since, and
was at the time investigating the subject to which you refer.
In Tennessee, as well as North Carolina, one of the prin-
cipal charges against the present Democratic Administra-
tion is "the appointment of Free-Soilers to office," and
this charge is made by the present supporters of Fillmore
for President of the United Stated! This charge against
President Pierce, though unfounded, yet coining from the
source it does, has led me to examine carefully the political,
or rather sectional, views of the appointees of Mr. Fillmore
during lus presidential term.
This has been a work of no little labor, and has required
some time, which accounts for the delay in answering your
Upon this investigation I find the following facts:
Eirst. Every man appointed to any important office by
Mr. Fillmore while President, whose residence was north
of Mason and Dixon's line, including three members of his
Cabinet, was a Free-Soiler, and in favor of the Wilmot pro-
viso.
Second. One of the leading members of his Cabinet, the
Hon. Thomas Corwin, of Ohio, Secretary of the Treasury,
was a prominent Abolitionist.
Third. Every one of the appointees before referred to,
who had taken any public position on the slavery question,
was known, at the time of his appointment, to be in favor
Of the prohibition of slavery in the Territories.
Fourth. Most of those from the same section retained in
office by Mr. Fillmore, who bad previously been appointed
by President Taylor, were Free-Soilers or Wilmot-proviso-
ists.
Fifth. President Pierce has appointed no man to office
since he was inaugurated Who, in the canvass of 1852, and
at the time of his appointment, was not believed by him to
stand on the national Democratic platform of 1853, which
expressly denies to Congress the power to legislate on the
subject of slavery in the States or Territories.
Sixth. The difference, therefore,in this respect,between
the two Presidents, is this: that while General Pierce may
have appointed some Free-Soilers to office without a knowl-
edge of the fact, that they were such at the time, Mr. Fill-
more's appointees in the northern States were all Free-
Soilers, and known to be such at the time of their appoint-
ment.
I have made this examination and comparison with no
view to injure Mr. Fillmore, because I think the subject of
appointments to office and the distribution of executive
patronage small matters when compared with the great
principles now at issue between the various parties of this
i country. I shall do Mr. Fillmore full justice in the coming
i canvass for his conduct while President, and shall not deny
, to him the credit of executing faithfully the laws of the
! country. I have taken the time to make this investigation
I to show the ignorance, the inconsistency, or the insincerity
I of his supporters in the southern States, whose principal
| objection to the present Administration is the unfounded
charge of " the appointment of Free-Soilers to office."
Excuse the briefness of this letter.
Yours truly, 8. A. SMITH.
Bon. H. M. Shaw.
Looking, Mr. Chairman, at the antecedents of
Mr. Fillmore, the character of his Administration,
and his appointments to office, it would seem that
the last National Council of the American party
repealed the platform adopted but one year since,
to suit the man whom it predetermined should be
their nominee for President. The party in the
South fought the last battle on the twelfth section.
Whatever advantage they gained in that contest
was by the imposition they practiced upon *the
people of the South, as I have already shown in
my remarks on that subject. The convention
wnich passed the twelfth section met in June, 1855;
that wnicli repealed it, in February, 1856. Just
think of a party changing its platform of princi-
ples in eight months. Well, sir, the Abolitionists
in the National Council, in February, told their
brethren of the South that they (the South) had
not succeeded on the twelfth section; that they had
tried it and failed, and that they (of the North)
could not succeed unless the twelfth section was
stricken out. They insisted on its repeal. Their
southern brethren kicked a little, but it was re-
pealed. The Know Nothings from the South
said that the council had no right to dictate &
platform of principles, notwithstanding the con-
| stitution of the party lodged tfiat power in the
l council. That is a matter of no consequence,
! sir; for the nominating convention, which met a
few days afterwards, and was composed of nearly
all the men who composed the National Council,
, indorsed its action on the platform, and not only
did that, sir, but admitted the delegates headed by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Edie,]
; who voted here through thick and thin for Mr.
! Banks for Speaker—delegates who represented
! that part of the American party of Pennsylvania
1 who had repudiated the twelfth section whilst it
was a part of the creed. The southern delegates
protested; but finally we see them coming in and
bending to the dictation of the anti-slavery dele-
gates, swallowing the repeal of the twelfth sec-
tion, subscribing to the new doctrine, and helping
in the nomination of Fillmore and Donelson.
Mr. Chairman, the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise was voted for by the entire South in
