976
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 28,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Burnett.
H(£ of Reps.
On the 8th of June, 1844, Mr. Buchanan made a
great speech in favor of the annexation of Texas.
Mr. Buchanan, on Tuesday, the 4th of Feb-
ruary, 1845, announced that he was in a minori-
ty of one on the committee on the Texas annex-
ation resolutions, but that he should advocate
their adoption notwithstanding.
And again, on the 4th of February, he an-
nounced that, although in a minority of one in the
Committee on Foreign Relations, he was anxious
that the Texas question should be discussed and
decided as soon as possible.
On the 13th of February, Mr. Buchanan made
a most powerful argument, showing the consti-
tutionality and expediency of admitting Texas
by joint resolution into the Union of the States.
In 1847 he sustained the Clayton compromise.
In 1848, Mr. Buchanan united with the South in
proposing to the Abolitionists to extend the Mis-
souri compromise line to the Pacific.
Mr. Buchanan, in November, 1850, wrote a let-
ter to the people of Philadelphia, declaring that
the compromise measures of that year had super-
seded the Missouri line.
In 1851 he remonstrated against an enactment
of the Pennsylvania Legislature for obstructing
the arrest and return of fugitive slaves.
He negotiated for the purchase of Cuba while
in the Cabinet of Mr. Polk.
In May, 1856, Mr. Buchanan indorsed the res-
olutions of the Pennsylvania Democratic State
Convention, indorsing the principles of the Kan-
sas, bill.
In June, 1856,he was nominated on a platform
adopted by the Cincinnati Convention, answer-
ing all the demands of the South with reference
to the Kansas bill and the genera] question of
slavery. In his letter of June 16,1856, accepting
the nomination, he places himself fairly ana
squarely on the platform adopted at Cincinnati.
Thus, Mr. Chairman, have I presented the
record of the only presidential candidates who are
claiming the suffrages of the South. Can there
be a comparison between them, unless one odious
to that of Mr. Fillmote ? He is shown never to
have given a vote connected with the subject of j
slavery, unless one antagonistic to the interest of
the South. On the other hand, Mr. Buchanan
is shown never to have given a vote, either di-
rectly or indirectly, during his whole congres-
sional career, but what was friendly to the South,
and in character with the votes of ner most trust-
worthy statesman. Fillmore voted all the time
with Uiddings, Sladt tf Co., Abolitionists; Buch-
anan side by side with Calhoun. The record
of the one is emphatically abolition; that of the
other national. I submit these words to the people
of the South, and ask them can they countenance
the candidacy of a man so unsound as Mr. Fill-
more, when that candidacy but divides the South,
and promotes the chances of Fremont?
Mr. Chairman, the Republicans of the North
have no hope of carrying the election of Presi-
dent, unless, by the aid of their Know Nothing
friends in dividing the South, they can throw the
election into the House. And, sir, from what I
can learn, the southern Know Nothings are not
altogether unwilling to have the election removed
from the people and introduced into this arena.
Their conduct, sir, in running Mr. Fillmore,
evidences this feeling. Is that the way they
want Americans to rule America?—to defeat the
election by the people, and confide ittothisHouse,
where Abolitionism reigns supreme—where there
is a gentleman who, in that event, would cast an
£qual vote with New York, and who, represent-
ing a slaveholding State, felt himself instructed
to vote for expelling Mr. Brooks; and where a
proposition is pending to eject the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Hail,] that his colleague, [Mr.
Thorington,] who voted for Mr. Banks, and
Mrho was a member of the last National Council
of the Know Nothings, might cast the vote of
that State ? And is the ejection of Mr. Hall
impossible, after that of Allen, of Illinois, who
was fairly entitled to his seat? And suppose,
in addition thereto, the vacancies in this House
from Illinois should be filled, so as to give that
State to the Republicans: where, sir, is there a
chance of beating Fremont here? Leaving out
the possibilities in the Illinois case, in the other
contingency I have mentioned, is there not a
prospect of electing Frgmont in the House?
What! sir, the southern people aiding in throw-
ing the election into the House that elected Mr.
Banks'Speaker ? I cannot believe it. I would
rather believe that they will unite to rebuke the
attempt to produce this result, than to aid in its
consummation.
Mr. Chairman, I deem it appropriate upon this
occasion to refer to a charge, made in my State,
connecting Mr. Buchanan with the old charge of
bargain and intrigue brought against Mr. Clay
during his life, arising from his acceptance of the j
position of Secretary of State under the adminis-
tration of Mr. Adams. I might well ask here, I
sir, what right have the champions of the Know
Nothing party to take upon themselves the de-
fense of Mr. Clay at this juncture ? I ^ave no
doubt that, if living to-day, he would be like ,
his son, James B. Clay, cooperating with the
Democratic party; for in the last speech that he
ever made to the people who had so long honored '
him, he stated in substance, that whenever the !
Whig party was found degenerating into a mere
faction, he should cooperate with that party j
which was national and conservative in its char-
acter. But, sir, I do not propose to discuss this
charge at length; I will only refer gentlemen who
feel disposed to make it, to Mr. Clay himself,
who, in his letter of the 14th of August, 1827, to
Francis Brook, in speaking of this charge, and
Mr. Buchanan's letter in connection therewith,
used this language: "Indeed, I could not desire a
stronger statement from Mr. Buchanan.'' I also
refer to the letter of the Hon. R. P. Letcher, who
was the bosom friend of Mr. Clay. In writing
to him upon the 27th of August, 1827, he says,
in reference to the response of Mr. Buchanan
to the charge of General Jackson:
"This answer is well put together, as they say in Con-
necticut; there is a great deal of good reading in Buck's
reply. I am truly delighted with the manner in which Mr.
Buchanan has acquitted himself."
I also refer to the biography of Mr. Clay, by
his personal and political friend, and the now lead-
ing Know Nothing editor in Kentucky, George
D. Prentice, (who is now falsifying himself by
joining in this charge,) in which he says, in
refering to the bargain and_ intrigue imputation,
" that General Andrew Jackson gave up the
name of Mr. Buchanan as his witness." He
adds, that "Mr. Buchanan however, was an
honorable man, and hesitatea not to say publicly,
that he had never made to General Jackson the
overtures in question, or any that bore the least
resemblance to them." Sir, without quoting fur-
ther,he rests the justification of Mr. Clay upon
the testimony of Mr. Buchanan. If gentlemen
need any further evidence to disprove Mr. Buch-
anan's connection with that charge, I refer them
to Mr. James B. Clay, the son of the " sage of
Ashland," who now lives at that consecrated
home of his distinguished father, the Mecca of
the many admirers of that truly great man.
Mr. Chairman, it has been charged that Mr.
Buchanan advocated the reduction of the wages
of the laboring classes to ten cents per day, in a
speech in the United States Senate. All 1 have
to say to that is, that I defy any gentleman to
produce any speech which Mr. Buchanan ever
made during his life time that ever contained any
such sentiment. It is a miserable slander, Bir.
He has always been the consistant and eloquent
advocate of the dignity of labor, and the appre-
ciation of its value. When, sir, the charge was
made, he said in the Senate, " that such an im-
putation was a flagitious misrepresentation of my
remarks." As to the other " pie-bald" slander
about his saying that if he had a drop of Demo-
cratic blood in his veins he would let it out, I
have only to remark that no man can prove upon
him the speaking of such a sentiment. It was a
false slander got up to effect bis defeat for Con-
gress. It has been disproved by the respectable
citizens of his county, who have grown up with
him, and who brand with infamy, and charge as a
base, unmitigated lie, the whole contents of that
charge.
Mr. Chairman, the Know Nothing party has
been a miserable failure. It appeared upon the
stage promising great things to thfe country. Its
deluded followers rushed to the embrace of the
wily politicians who controlled it, as if they were
some guardian angels, especially designated by
Providence to save the country from impending
danger. They started, sir, with the declaration,
that the corruption of the old Whig and Demo-
cratic parties had become so great that there was
a necessity for the new organization, to cleanse
the Augean stables of the impurities which had
by those old parties been accumulated in them.
They declared that their mission was to destroy
the wild hunt after office. We have only to look
at the avidity with which the adherents of this
party endeavored to reach ,all the offices, high
and low, in municipal, county, and State elec-
tions, to prove how utterly false to that pledge
has been their constant action. They promised
to give tothecountry officers of higher conserva-
tism and purer political morality than any that
had ever before filled public positions. We have
only to look at the members of this party on this
floor, the highly conservative ones who voted for
Mr. Banks, the profligacy with which they have
voted away the public lands and the public
moneys, and the intensity of the sectionalism
which they have produced in the country, to show
a shameful violation of that promise. They
promised uspurityin elections and full protection
to the right of suffrage. This was declared by
my colleague [Mr. H. Marshall] and the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Valk] to be the espe-
cial mission of the American party. Then, sir,
how shamefully has its purpose been perverted.
Were the riots at St. Louis, New Orleans, New
Albany, Cincinnati, and last, not least, Louis-
ville, where the ballot-boxes were shut out from
the reach of citizens, where property was de-
stroyed, where innocent men were murdered, an
evidence of their desire to purify the ballot-boxes ?
They prostituted it, sir, out did not purify it.
The history of these riots establish a conclusive
answer to that promise of the American party,
showing, too, that in that respect they stand
convicted of superlatively disregarding their
promises. Congress, they told the people, had
the right to regulate suffrage, and that, if they
were elected to the National Legislature, they
would pass laws prohibiting alien suffrage in the
States; and yet, sir, not one of them has been
verdant enough to make such a proposition here,
because they know that the regulation of suffrage
is vested in the States exclusively, and not in
Congress. They proclaimed against the immi-
gration of foreign paupers and convicts. That
abuse was to be corrected by them in Congress.
Equally lacking as in the other case is Congress
in power to prevent such immigration. That
power is also vested in the States; and every
State, where there is a possibility of a convict
or felon getting into the country, has stringent
laws preventing their immigration. And where
paupers come in, the immigrant tax exceeds the
amount necessary to support all the poor-housea
for foreign and native paupers in the country.
The proscription of Catholics was not to be
by positive enactment, but through the ballot-
box, and in the dispensation of patronage. The
first Know Nothing official, elected under this
Congress, offered the best office in his gift to
a Catholic; but he would not take it. They
were to extend the naturalization laws. My
colleague from the Louisville district [Mr. H.
Marshall] had the floor assigned him, on the
2l8t of July, to report a bill from the Committee
on the Judiciary to establish auniform system of
naturalization. Unanimous consent was accorded
to him for that purpose, and when he reported
it, instead of having it considered at once, by
moving to put it on its passage, he moved to refer
it to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, which was done, and where he knows
as well as 1 do it will never be reached. The
truth is, Mr. Chairman, this cry of abuses
clamored throughout the country, to defend the
necessity of the American organization, was for
political effect, and was not to meet any pressing
exigencies that existed. Yes, sir, this American
party has performed its true mission, which was
to do nothing; afld it has done nothing. Office
was the incentive that produced" its formation.
It is now but wearing away a brief and unenvi-
able existence. Marked as has been its career
by the introduction of the worst species of public
morals in the country, and the happening of com?
