APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
97ft
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Restoration of the Missouri Compromise—Mr. Crawford.
Ho. of Reps.
of the most disgraceful events, it will pass away
unwept for and unmourned. It has no further
claims upon the people, and will be consigned by
the South in the next election to a grave from
which there will be no resurrection.
RESTORATION OP THE MISSOURI COMPROMISE.
SPEECH OF HON. M. J. CRAWFORD,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House of Representatives,
July 25, 1856.
The Hoase being ia th« Committee of the Whole on the
Hate of the Union, and having under consideration the Army !
appropriation bill: j
Mr. CRAWFORD said: !
Mr. Chairman: the subject of African slavery, I
as it exists in the southern States, has been not <
only a fruitful theme for discussion, but the cause |
of much sectional hostility and great alienation i
of that fraternal feeling which should exist be-
tween the citizens of the same great Republic.
I regret that the necessity has arisen which, in my
judgment, requires of me any remarks upon this
subject. I would gladly hare avoided it; but I
cannot remain silent when it is my duty to claim
the attention of the committee, and to present the
views which the majority of my people, in com-
mon with myself, entertain in regard to the con-
dition in which we find ourselves placed.
The abolition feeling which prevails in the j
North is the offspring of a sickly sentimentalism 1
which has existed, especially in England, for more
than half a century, and, coupled with a political
hatred for the American Constitution, which is
entertained by very many in that country, has
been artfully managed to create enmity and dis-
cord, where there should have been peace and
harmony. We had well hoped that the good
sense and patriotism of our people would nave
seen the design of the enemies of republican in-
stitutions, and avoided the snare which had thus
been set with the view of illuding them into the
dangerous position which we now oecupy. It is
needless, however, to inquire by what means we
reached the present dangerous and unfortunate
condition: it is sufficient for us to know where we
stand, and to provide for the- security of our
rights and against the perpetration of renewed
wrongs. Our Constitution is our only safeguard
and protection^in its provisions we find every-
thing which is' necessary for the safety of tne
people. Its faithful execution by the great powers
who created it, and the ministers whose duty it
is directly to act under its behests, is all that the
American people need, and all that they desire.
Whilst it was our cloud by day and our pillar of
fire by night, all has been well: it is only when
we have wandered away from it that dangers be-
set and ruin threatens us.
Our Government, for upwards of thirty years
after its formation, went forward in its career of
greatness, and no effort was made to deny any
American citizen the rights which the Constitu-
tion gave him. No sectional array against the
people either of the North or South was made,
for we were brethren not only in name but feel-
ing. Our republican form of government suc-
ceeded beyond the expectation of its friends, and
brought prosperity and happiness unequaled in
the world's history to all sections of our Confed-
eracy: A second war of independence had been
fought and won, and we were still marching on-
ward with steady tread, and our hopes brighten-
ing at every successive step of our political exist-
ence. The dangers which had given us the
greatest concern disappeared; and we stood ex-
alted among the nations oi" the earth, challenging
the admiration of patriots and the fear of tyrants
everywhere.
Just at this period, a feeling of sectional hos-
tility manifested itself towards the slaveholding
States, which had grown so noiselessly, that our
most experienced statesmen were wholly unpre-
pared to believe what was actually upon them,
and with consternation they saw that the repre-
sentatives from the North were prepared to deny
to the South the enjoyment of her constitutional
tights, by refusing to allow her people the prir- I
ilege of providing for the existence of slavery
upon territory where it had never before been
questioned. Up to the year 1820, the right to
ho^l slaves in all the territory acquired from
France was everywhere admitted, and they had
been held in the Missouri Territory from the
formation of her territorial government; and no
effort was made publicly to deprive the people of
that right until the national House of Representa-
tives stepped beyond the constitutional bounds and
passed an act which was unconstitutional in more
than one particular, as well as unjust and ungen-
erous in view of all the past history of our Coun-
try. Much has been said and written as to the
aggression of the slave power. Who, let me ask,
first commenced this warfare ? Was it our people,
when Virginia gave up an empire to tne free
States ? No, sir; in 1789 the slaveholders South
held more than two thirds of the territory belong-
ing to the United States; their lands stretched
! from the Atlantic on the east, to the great Father
of Waters on the west; their southern boundary
rested upon the Gulf of Mexico, where peren-
nial summer shed its fructifying influences, and
the great lakes of the North acknowledged their
dominion. In that day all this vast country was
ours; the preponderance was in our favor—so
much so that some solicitude, no doubt, was felt
as to the future of the North; but their safety,
their honor, their future, was in hands that never
wronged a brother. We had just passed through
the bloody struggle of our Revolution, and we
were willing, with no mean and sparing hand, to
share with you the results flowing from that war.
Together we had fought; the blood of northern
ana southern men moistened our battle-fields; the
bones of the slaveholder and non-slaveholder found
a common grave amid the granite hills of the
North, and the savannas of tne South. With all
these remembrances upon us we would not take
to ourselves, and appropriate to our posterity, every
foot of land which had been won by the common
blood and treasure of a brave and generous people.
Here it was that the " early fathers of the Re-
public, "of whom mention is made, " consecrated
to freedom" the great Northwest, and tendered
it as an inheritjuice to our northern brethren, and
their children after them, forever.
Little did these " fathers " think, when thus
they acted, that in after years this boon on their
part would be tortured into a precedent for foul
injustice and unmitigated wrong upon their coun-
try and their kindred. It is, nevertheless, true,
that the descendants of these northern men in
1820, when Missouri desired admission into the
Union as a State, came forward and declared by
law, that the rights held by southern men in slave
property should not be enjoyed upon the common
territory of the Government; and here began the
aggressions. Whose rights, I might well ask,
were assailed ? Not only in Missouri, but in all
the territory north and west of her, slavery ex-
isted—5f not in fact, in legal contemplation; and
abolition invaded our rights, and restricted us
from our domain.
This aggression was unexpected, unlooked for,
without precedent and violative of our Constitu-
tion—an infringement upon southern rights which
never had occurred from the day our Government
went into operation, until its Consummation in
1820. We are prepared and propose now to
show, that in this we are sustained by the public
records of the country, and dare the enemies of
the South to deny the truth of our assertion.
In the very first Congress that was ever held
under our present Constitution, a bill for the
government of the Territory of Tennessee was
passed, and the right to hold slaves was expressly
reserved. In April, 1798, during the session of
the Fifth Congress, a territorial government was
established for Mississippi, and no abolition,
Free-Soil, or Wilmot provisoes were inserted
therein. In the year 1804, another government
was organized by Congress for the Orleans Ter-
ritory; and in 1805, for Louisiana; in 1812, for
Missouri; in 1817, for Alabama; and in 1819, for
Arkansas; making in all seven territorial gov-
ernments; and in none of them did Congress ex-
ercise the power to prohibit the introduction of
slavery, except in so far as they had the author-
ity, under the Constitution, to prevent the impor-
tatioa of slaves from foreign countries; or, ia
other words, the African slave trade was pro-
hibited ; but the right of American citizens to enter
these Territories with their slaves was expressly
reserved.
This prohibition of the African slave trade into
the United States and in the Territories has been
insisted upon as a justification for the denial of
plain and palpable rights of the people of this
country to an equal enjoyment of the common
territory; and efforts have been made so to place
this question before the northern mind as to pro-
duce the impression that the power to abolish the
slave trade includes the power also to pass the
Wilmot proviso. And more, sir, an argument is
drawn so adroitly as to confound the importation
with the emigration into the Territories, and thus
a gross fraud is practiced upon the unsuspecting
and honest portion of the people who have in-
trusted their rights in the hands of unfaithful and
unscrupulous public men.
But in 1820, after slavery had been recognized
in Missouri by our Government for sixteen years
as a part of the Louisiana purchase, and for eight
years as a Territory, in which it had positive ex
istence,both in law and in fact, her people applied
to Congress for leave to form a constitution, and
that she might be admitted into the Union as a
sovereign State. Upon this application the House
of Representatives passed a bill authorizing her
: to do ao^provided that slavery should never exist
I therein. This iniquitous restriction of our rights
j struck terror to the hearts of our people through-
out the whole South; no southern representative
gave it his support; the great North, which but
a few years before was the weaker, had so grown
and fattened upon our bounty as to be the stronger
party, and directed her strength to crush her
southern brethren and drive them from their
homes in Missouri. In the Senate this'provision
was stricken out—not with a view to do us jus-
tice, but to add another which struck down our
rights in all the territory north of the southern
line of Missouri, except within the comparatively
small limits of Missouri herself. Where is the
man who, in the face of these facts, can assert
that the slave power commenced the aggression ?
There is not an instance recorded upon the his-
tory of the country where we have violated the
rights of the people of the North. In an evil
hour, sir, when we were unprepared to expect it,
you entered these Halls, and with sacrilegious
hands violated the Constitution of your country
by seizing a vast Territory, upon which slavery
existed, and attempted to appropriate it to free-
dom. The Senate checked your efforts, so far
as Missouri herself was concerned; but anti-
slavery determined to avail herself of that oppor-
tunity to do us injustice, and so managed the
legislation as to perfect her plan without com-
mitting herself to the principle therein contained.
The act of 1820, in regard to Missouri has been
claimed as a sacred compact between the North
and the South, that never should have been dis-
turbed—a settlement of the slavery question, and
an act in which the " plighted faith" of both sec-
tions had been given, that ought ever to have
remained inviolate. This is now insisted upon,
especially by the men of the North, and every
man who advocated its repeal is denounced as a.
pliant tool of the slave power, and a traitor to
his section. The great question in controversy
when this act was passed was, how fer can we
drive slavery from the territory acquired frooi
France ? This House was for prohibiting it in
Missouri. The northern Senators feeling confi-
dent that that could never be accomplished with-
out a dissolution, determined to allow it to remain
in Missouri, but to appropriate to free soil all the
territory north of 36® 30' not included therein;
and hence the clause prohibiting slavery in Mis-
souri was stricken out, and another inserted,
prohibiting it in all the remainder of our French
purchase. Let us see who supported this great
compromise, and who has observed it. In the
first place, the record shows that Senator Thomas,
from Illinois, introduced the restriction in refer-
ence to slavery, and which is in the following
words:
« S«c. 8. Jlnd he further macted, That in all that ter-
ritory ceded by France to die United States, under the nam®
of Louisiana, which liei north of 36* 30' north latitude, not
included within the limitt of the State contemplated by this
act, (Mi.pm.ri) tijtrery, and involuntary servitude, tthtr-
