980
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 25,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Restoration of the Missouri Compromise?—Mr. Crawford.
Ho. of Reps.
wise than in the punishment of crimes, whereof the putte*
shall have been duly convicted) shall be and is hereby for-
ever prohibited."
Many persons, especially in the South, hare
supposed that Mr. Clay was the author of this
provision; but so far from that being the case, he
was not even a member of the Senate, and there-
fore could not have introduced or even supported
it. But, sir, to the question, as to whether the
.North ever did support it only when it was to her
interest to do so, the Journal shows, upon add-
ing the section above quoted, so anxious were
they to take advantage of the occasion to strike
slavery & blow, that every northern Senator but
two voted for it. They were willing to lend their
help to fasten an unlawful restriction upon that
Territory; and still they were unwilling to allow
Missouri to come in with a constitution allowing
her people the enjoyment of rights which every
other State permitted, and which was to admit or
reject slavery as the people might determine.
This was the only part of that compromise to
which the North agreed. They made this con-
tract, and then, on the important question of order-
ing the bill, as amended, to be engrossed and read
a third time, every northern Senator except four
repudiated that part of the compromise which
was to allow Missouri the right to be admitted as
a slave State, by voting against the motion, and
it was passed by a southern vote as a choice of
the two evils which the North offered—the one
prohibiting it in the State; the other in the balance
of the Territory. So this compromise became a
law, not by the help, but in spite of northern
votes. Missouri,in pursuance of the law thus
passed, framed her constitution, and in December
of the same year asked admission. A joint reso-
lution passed the Senate providing for it; but when
it came to this House it was resisted by the north-
ern men, and an amendment offered to the Senate
resolution, providing for such admission upon
condition that sUtvery should be forever excluded by
the constitution of the said proposed State; and
upon this repudiation of the compromise two
thirds of the northern men stood and voted for
the amendment, thus showing that no man recog-
nized it as binding upon the North, either in the
House or in the Senate, for she never came into
the Union at all under the act of 1820, but under
the proclamation of the President, in obedience to
a new and distinct resolution, in nowise connected
with the legislation of the preceding year, but
requiring Missouri to construe her constitution ac-
cording to the wishes of a majority of Congress;
and upon her agreeing to do so she was aliowed
to come into the Union.
This, sir, as I understand it, is the history of
that aggression upon the South and the open vio-
lation of our Constitution. I have thus minutely
detailed it for the reason that its restoration is to
be the great burden in the present contest for the
Presidency; and I believe that a majority of the
people of this great country are prepared to do
justice to all its parts, and upon this presump-
tion 1 have acted.
Notwithstanding we have denied the authority
of Congress to pass the Missouri restriction, yet
our statesmen, for the sake of peace and har-
mony, have been content to abide by the line
therein-named as a proper boundary between us,
and in good faith to carry it out, regardless of
advantages that may have accrued to either. We
have shown that it was not so with the North at
the time of its adoption, nor has it been so since.
In 1846, when the three million bill, as it was
called, was before Congress, a sum of money
which Mr; Polk asked for to negotiate a peace
with Mexico, the Missouri restriction was added
to the bill authorizing the loan, forever prohibit-
ing slavery in any Territory which mignt be ac-
quired therewith;and a majority of northern men
in this House by their votes repudiated again the
Missouri compromise, because it was well known
that no Territory could be acquired except a large
proportion thereof must necessarily fall below the
line of 36° 30'. A majority of southern members
voted twice, if not three times, in favor of the
Missouri compromise, so as to apply it to the
i*«st Territoiy of Oregon; and the members from
the Nor1'* willingly recognized that line, because
it - working tC ttar advantage; but the very
jt wa. . . j  V> extend the
moment th&v wa* ProP°~
line through California and New Mexico, it was
again and again repudiated by the North; and yet
a southern President, after they had thus acted
towards the South, determined to recognize Jt,
and discharge his duty as he understood it to the
whole nation; and if there were to be any viola-
tion of compacts that were acred, it should never
rest upon him.
The North rejected, by her four representa-
tives who were appointed on the Clayton com-
mittee in 1845, the proposition to adjust and settle
the territorial government for Oregon, and the
amendments proposed thereto, together with the ,
message of the President, so far as related to
New Mexico and California. The four southern
Senators upon that committee proposed the Mis-
souri line as a fair and just settlement of the
controversy in regard to slavery, and it was
again repudiated. In 1850, numerous and re-
peated offers of this line were proposed in the
House and in the Senate, ana tney were as
repeatedly rejected. The South was willing to (
take that as a fair settlement of this dangerous
and alarming question. A convention of the
southern States proposed to accept the Missouri
compromise, not because of its constitutionality,
nor its equity, but for the reason that it had
been in existence for thirty years, and the " early
fathers" had agreed to it; and we, for the sake
of peace, would consent to stand upon it, and
therewith be content. But this was rejected
with indignation, and the anti-slavery sentiment
of the North demanded that southern slave-
holders should be excluded from every part of
this newly-acquired territory. So deeply had this
Abolition feeling taken root in the North, that
it was prepared to say that " these lands shall
be appropriated solely to the use and enjoyment
of the Free-Soilers; no man from the South shall
be allowed to enter this Territory unless he leaves
behind him a portion of his property; toe have
determined not to recognize slaves as property,
and are resolved not to allow others to do so in
the common domain; we have assumed to regu-
late what shall be property not only in our own
State, but we will also control this subject in the
national Territories." The strength and power
of this feeling was so great that it swept away
the landmarks that had distinguished the two
old political parties: one had yielded to its in-
fluence, and was prepared to do its bidding; the
other had its ranks so thinned out by this wild
and fanatical feeling, that the remaining portion
was powerless to defend, unaided, the Constitu-
tion of our country, and protect the rights of
American citizens under that sacred instru-
ment. The men of the South, too, for a time
surrendered their party feeling and stood united
to aid in driving back this Free-Soil sentiment,
which declared that " no more slave soil shall be
added to this Union, for we (said they) have de-
termined to crush out slavery even where it is."
" More fell than tigers on the Libyan plain,"
they stood and threatened us with a " cordon of
free States," that insurrection might steep our
land in the blood of our wives and<tottle ones. No
care had they, although our wives and daughters
should be subjected to the blackest and most
revolting crimes known to humanity, and then
pinned with iron bolts to the floors of their dwell-
ings, and die amid the flames of their once bright
and happy homes. Seeing this madness in the
North, and that all effort at running the Mis-
souri line westward to the Pacific was utterly
hopeless, an effort was made to make a new com-
promiseupon this slave question; and for months,
amid fierce and fiery debates in our national Cap-
itol, the measures were considered, and finally
agreed upon. Let us see what the stormy session
of 1850 produced: an " adjustment," consisting
of the admission of California as a free State;
abolishing the slave trade in the District of
Columbia; the Texas boundary bill; territorial
governments for Utah and New Mexico; and the
fugitive slave law. What were the benefits ac-
cruing to the South under these measures ? We
secured nothing by the admission of California
as a free State—nothing by the Congress of the
United States undertaking to liberate a slave who
was brought into this District and offered for sale,
or traneporttd through the District for the purpose
of sale elsewhere—nothing by running the line
of 36° 30' down to 32° in the Texas boundary
bill—nothing by the fugitive slave law, for the
Constitution gave us the right to recapture our
slaves before. Then what, I ask, did the South
get? All she did receive was the recognition by
Congress of the right of the people of Utah and
New Mexico, when they came to form their State
constitution, to determine for themselves whether
they will admit or reject slavery. I have, sir,
the act before me, and these are the words used:
"And, when admitted as a State, the said Territory, or
any portion of the same, shall be received into the Union,
with or without slavery, as their constitution may prescribe
at the time of their admission."
A portion of these two Territories extend above
the Missouri compromise line, and the compro-.
mises of 1850 to that extentabrogated and repealed
it, and settled the great principle, which ought
never to have been yielded by the South, that the
Territories of the United States were the common
property of all the States, and the men of the North
ana of the South might enter upon them with
whatsoever was property under the Constitution,
and determine for themselves whether they would
or would not have slavery when they organized
a State government. This much was granted to
us by these acts—that the people of the Territo-
ries should determine for themselves, without the
intervention upon the part of Congress, the char-
acter of their domestic institutions, neither more
nor less.
Many patriotic men in the South were dissatis-
fied with these measures as a whole, and many
were dissatisfied because they felt that no com-
promise could ever be made with the enemies of
slavery which would not be repudiated upon the
first occasion being offered by which they could
do so, and the history of the country since that
time shows that this is true; and the future will be
as the past—no peace will ever be enjoyed so long
as we make concessions to this Abolition senti-
ment.
To the high state of public excitement in the
southern States in 1850, and the patriotic devo-
tion of a few northern men to the Constitution of
the country, are we indebted for this great prin-
ciple in the compromise bills of that day. This
principle was recognized by the national Democ-
racy in 1852 as a cardinal doctrine in their polit-
ical creed. A majority of the great Whig party did
the same, and the*country for a time seemed to
be quiet under this " final adjustment" of the
mucn vexed slavery question. The Abolition
cloud which for so many years had hung threat-
eningly over the land, seemed about to pass away,
and every patriotic heart, north and south, would
I have rejoiced at such a happy termination of our
! internal discord; but so far from it, it has gath-
l| ered strength, and now comes with more fearful
I forebodings than ever before.
In 1854 it became necessary to provide terri-
torial governments for Nebraska and Kansas.
| A bill was reported containing the principle
II recognized in the Utah and New Mexican bills,
!! of 1850, touching the subject of slavery, and
which reads as follows:
I " That the Constitution and laws of the United States,
which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the same
force and effect within the said Territory of Kansas as else-
'where in the United States, except the eighth section of
I: the act preparatory to the admission of Missouri into the
'; Union, approved March 6,1820, which, being inconsistent
i | with the principle of non-intervention by Congress with
II slavery in the States and Territories as recognized by the
11 legislation of 1850, commonly called the Compromise meas-
ures, is hereby declared inoperative and void; it being the
i true intent and meaning of this act not to legislate slavery
j, into any Territory or State, nor to exclude it therefrom, but
>! to leave the people thereof perfectly free to form and reg-
, I ulate their domestic institutions in their own way, subject
11 only to the Constitution of the United States."
} And yet, notwithstanding this plain and posi-
j | tive return to the Constitution and to the _ com-
j j promises of1850, the Abolition and Free-Soil sen-
timent of the North stands in open hostility to
j! the rights of southern men, ana isjsrepared to
I drive away, with bloody hands, those of our peo-
ple who have entered the Kansas Territory under
, the express guarantee of the law which 1 have
read, and in defiant tone demands the restoration
of the Missouri restriction, which is a law of
Congress putting the WUmot proviso upon Kansas
I! and Nebraska. The day which finds the people
i! of the South content to submit to this new
