1856.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfc.
98\
34th Cong....1st Sess. Restoration of the Missouri Compromise—Mr. Crawford.
Ho. of Reps.
agression upon our Constitution and our rights,
will find them ready to submit to the perpetration
of any wronsr which the Black Republicans may
desire to inflict upon them. Speaking, sir, for
mvself, I am prepared to announce here, and ;
before my countrymen at home, that I shall never 1
be willing to live in this Government when its
administration shall have passed into the hands
of that party. The regard which the people of
Georgia entertain for the American Union is not
founded upon a money consideration; for, if it
had been, she would long since have ceased her i
connection with it. Your receipts and disburse- '•
ments of the public revenue of the country amount
to near eighty millions of dollars; and, although
ours is one of the largest and most populous of
the southern States, sfce receives- comparatively
nothing from your Treasury, and does not desire
to remain in the Union with a view to have mil-
lions of dollars appropriated annually for her >
benefit in violation of all propriety as well as the |
Constitution. j
But, sir, to this demand which is made to past
the Wilmot prpviso over Kansas and Nebraska, i
the Black Republican Convention, which met as
Philadelphia, uses the following indicative lan-
guage: * |
" This convention of delegates, assembled in pursuance
to a call addressed to the people or the United States Willi- ■
out regard to past political ditlerences or divisions, who are
opposed to the repeal of the Missouri compromise—to the
policy of the present Administration—to the extension of
slavery into free territory—in favor of the admission of
Kansas as a free State—of resisting the action of the Fed-
eral Government—to the principles of Washington and
Jefferson—
" Resolved, That the Constitution confers upon Congress
covereign power over the Territories of the United States
for their government; and that in the exercise of this
power, it is both the right and the imperative duty of Con- I
gress to prohibit in the Territories those twin relics of bar- ;
bansm, polygamy and slavery."
Upon such a platform, in regard to slavery, 1
you purpose to administer this Government.
Your powers to regulate and control go beyond ;
your own particular States, and you feel capable
of settling the affairs of all other people. The
day when you shall have this power has not come,
and I hope it never may; but when it does, and ,
you undertake to carry out such measures, you j
will find that a resolution, and an execution thereof, j
are not one and the same thing: the one is cheaper ]
than the paper upon which it is written—the
other dearer than the hfe-blood of every Black
Republican throughout the land. Having shown
the intention upon the part of the Free-Soil party, j
I now proceed to examine the present purposes of
the North Americans, in reference to thus same
subject, and see if they are not opposed to the
principle established in 1850, in the Utah and
New Mexican bills, when applied to Kansas and
Nebraska. In the Philadelphia convention of the
last year they did not approve this principle, as
the Whig party in Baltimore did in 1852. That
party there declared—
" The series of acts of the Thirty-First Congress, com-
monly known as the compromise or adjustment, (the act
for tbe recovery of fugitives from labor included,) are re-
ceive^ and acquiesced in, by the Whigs of the United
Slates, as a final settlement, in principle and tuhstance, of j
the subjects to which they relate." I
No language could be plainer. A settlement j
in principle and substance of the subjects to which I
they relate—they did not confine it to the places '
but the subjects; and yet, in Philadelphia, in 1855, 1
although they agreed to " abide by existing legis- j
lation," they refused to approve or endorse the j
principle of the Kansas bill touching slavery. !
And notonlyso.Mr. Rayner, of North Carolina, I
a leading and prominent man, denounced the j
bill as " an outrage." Ex-Governor Brown, of;
Tennessee, declared that he was opposed to it. j
The Organ, at Washington, declared at the time |
" that nearly every southern man in the National
Council, who expressed his opinions on the sub- ;
ject, admitted that as a question of pplicy tlie i
repeal of the Missouri compromise in 1854 teas a !
blunder—thatit was not demanded by the South, i
and that it had reopened the agitation of a ques- j
tion dangerous to the peace of the country. There
was no demand, no necessity, no occasion, for
any disturbance of the compromise of 1820. Its
disturbance as a question of policy (not of right) ;i
tras the most reckless act of legislation recorded in I
•American history." Further, sir, in that same n
| Convention, a resolution was offered to the effect
I that the American party should virtually restore
1 the Missouri line by not insisting upon the ad-
i mission of a slave State north, and by not object-
ing to one south of it. Let southern men re-
member that Kansas lies north of that line, and
here is an effort made to deny us the benefits of
the compromise of 1850, and appropriate to free-
, dom, as it is called, that Territory.
The American party met again in Philadelphia
last February, and then and there, in opposition
j to the wish of southern men on the subject, and
! over their solemn protest, struck from their plat-
form of the last year the twelfth section, and
inserted in its stead one in which I find the fol-
lowing words: " Opposition to the reckless and
unwise policy of the present Administration in
the general management of our national affairs,"
* * * "as shown in reopening sectional agita-
tion by the repeal of the Missouri compromise;"
which is in almost the identical language of the
1 Black Republican Convention that met in the
j same place, and nominated Mr. Fremont for the
Presidency, in June last.
Hear what a distinguished member of Mr.
Fillmore's Cabinet says, in writing to a friend on
j this subject:
! " I know, and so do you, with what profound regret Mr.
| Fillmore noted the action of the present Administration
and its friends, in the opening anew of that angry and dan-
: gerous discussion of slavery, by the abrogation of the com-
promises of 1850, and with it the repeal of the Missouri
compromise."
I have shown, sir, that the convention which
nominated Mr. Fillmore denounced the repeal
of the Missouri restriction, and in his letter of
acceptance, he adopts the " principles as an-
nounced in the recent declaration of tne National
j Council at Philadelphia."
| In his address to the people of Albany, New
j York, he says that the agitation of 1850 was
brought about by the acquisition of new terri-
tory, and was unavoidable; " but it is for you to
say whether the present agitation which distracts
the country and threatens civil war has not been
I recklessly and wantonly produced by the adop-
j tion of a measure to aid in personal advance-
ment." In Rochester, this " model President,"
this " second Washington," uses the following
language:
" Territorial governments had been provided for all the
territory except that covered by tbe Missouri compromise;
and 1 bad no suspicion that that was to be disturbed. I
have no hesitation in saying, what most of you know al-
ready, that I was decidedly opposed to tbe disturbance of
that compromise."
Yes, sir, he was opposed to its disturbance be-
cause the Wilmot proviso was upon it, and kept
slavery out of it, and the repeal thereof opened
it to the settlement of southern men and slave-
holders, against whom and whose interests he
! has always been, and for whom he never gave a
single vote during his whole congressional career,
but uniformly voted with Adams, Giddings, and
Slade; and by these speeches he; ignores the only
principle settled in our favor by the compromises
of 1850; for if we did not secure at that time the
right of the people of the Territories to settle the
i question of slavery for themselves, the whole
! people, North and South, who sustained them, are
ignorant of their true intent and meaning.
| And I do not hesitate to go further and say,
' that his northern friends upon this floor are in
favor of restoring the Missouri restriction over
| Kansas and Nebraska, and the record will bear
; witness to the truth of it. Why, it was only a
! few days since, that, underamotion of the gentle-
! man from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] to repeal that part
j of the Kansas bill, every supporter of Mr. Fill-
! more frflhi the North, save one, [Mr. Valk,]
voted for it. In dismissing Mr. Fillmore, I do
' so with the undoubted conviction that, were he
; President, with a majority of Congress to sup-
j port him, he would reenact the anti-slavery clause
over these Territories, and forever exclude us
therefrom.
I feel it my duty, Mr. Chairman, in this con-
nection, to say, that the American party of my
own State have uniformly indorsed and sustained
this principle in the Kansas bill, and in their con-
vention of the past year declared that they re-
garded " all opposition to the principles of the
Nebraska-Kansas act, in relation to slavery, as
hostility to the constitutional rights of the South;
and all persons who partake in such opposition,
as unfit to be recognized as members bf the American
party;" and it is not my purpose to have it un-
derstood here that they are prepared to " back
down" from their solemn resolve.
Now, let us turn for one moment to Mr. Buch-
anan's past record, and see how he stands. And
; this, sir, will be a pleasing task, for no man has
| been more consistent—neither an anti-slavery man
! nor a pro-slavery man; but, with the Constitution
] as his guide, he has been prepared to do justice to
his countrymen in all sections, without regard to
locality. About twenty years ago, an effort was
made by southern men to prevent the circulation
of incendiary documents through the mails; and
we find Mr. Calhoun and Mr. Buchanan stand-
ing together, and using their efforts to prevent
northern Abolitionists from spreading desolation
broadcast throughout the land.
In 1838 the following resolution was introduced
into the Senate:
"That any attempt of Congress to abolish slavery in any
Territory of tlie United States, in which it exists, would
create serious alarm and just apprehensions in the States
sustaining iliat domestic institution; would be a violation of
good faith towards the inhabitants of any such Territory,
who were permitted to settle wuh and hold slaves therein;
because the people of any such Territory have not asked tor
the abolition of slavery therein, and because, when any siuh
Territory shall be admitted into the Union as a State, the
people thereof will be entitled to decide that question ex-
clusively for themselves."
And we find recorded in favor of this proposi-
tion the names of James Buchanan, Henry Clay,
John C. Calhoun, and other patriotic men; and
among the nays appears the name of Mr. Web-
ster, who was the great leader of such men as
Mr. Fillmore.
Mr. Buchanan, when Pennsylvania passed a
law denying the use of her jails for the detention
of fugitive slaves, was found in opposition to
that measure, and used every effort in his power
to prevent its passage; and although it was passed
over his head, yet, through his efforts and under
his lead, the Pennsylvania Democracy swept it
from the statute-book because of its injustice and
wrong.
It is well remembered with what great anxiety
Mr. Tyler and his Cabinet in 1844 looked to the
annexation of Texas. It was viewed by them,
and a majority of the people of the South, as tbe
most important measure of the age for southern
institutions, as well as the fact that it added
strength and national influence to the whole
Union; and it is well remembered, too, with what
violence it was resisted by the Abolition leaders
of the North, because of this very effect; and the
hideous howl which was set up startled and
alarmed the timid men from the North, (and I
am sorry to say of the South too,) and made them
quail before its influence; but in that hour, when
others faltered, what do we see in the American
Senate? Only five votes from the whole North in
favor of the Texas treaty, which was so important
to southern men—two of whom were from the
Keystone State, Buchanan and Sturgeon, two
from the State which can boast of a Douglas,
and one from the State who could boast of her
Woodbury and her Pierce.
In reference to the Wilmot proviso, his course
been constitutional. His record, both in and
oirc of Congress, has been searched by friend and
foe, and they have failed to find in Mr. Buchanan
its advocate or supporter. Believing it to be un-
constitutional, he has always opposed it. I can-
i not fail at this point to call attention to the fact,
that in 1842, when the great Whig party of this
i nation was using its efforts to limit the veto pow-
er of the President, we hear in the American
Senate the voice of James Buchanan pleading for
the Constitution and for the South. Upon that
occasion, he said:
" It would be easy to imagine interests of the deepest im-
portance to particular sections which might be seriously
endangered by its destruction. In the southern Staj.es,
which compose the weaker portion of the Union, a species
of property exists which is attracting the attention of the
civilized world. These States never would have become
parties to the Union had not their rights in this property
been secured by the Federal Constitution." * * * "It is
possible that at some future day the majority in Congress
may attempt by indirect means to emancipate tlie slaves of
the South. Thete is no knowing through what channel the
ever active spirit of fanaticism may seek to accomplish its
purpose. Do we feel so secure, m this hour of peril at home,
