imi
APPENDIX TO THE CONGttfcSStOKAL GUME.
34th Coito....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. o* Reps.
enact any taw, prior to the year 1808, to prevent
the importation of staves. lit me invite attention
to its peculiar phraseology:
« Ute migration or importation of such {tenons as any of
thr States now eTisimf shall think proper to admit, shall
aot be prohibited by tlx- Congress prior to the year 1808."
After the year 1808 there is, by the aforegoing
clause, no prohibition of slavery, and no obliga-
tion upon Congress to pass a prohibitory law.
Congress can, at any time, repeal the prohibitory
laws now upon the statute-book against the stare
trade, and the States could then introduce addi-
tional slaves. The Blave States, it is always
maintained* by our opponents, have controlled
thisGoveratnent, and they are univwsally charged
with aggression, and a fixed design to extend
slavery. Their refusal to admit more slaves from
abroad may be relied upon as a full answer to
such allegations.
In order that this right to introduce slaves
should be placed beyond all contingencies, it is
remarkable that in the fifth article, providing for
amendments of the Constitution, the amendatory
power is expressly denied so as to affect the first
and fourth clauses of the ninth section of the first
article. Could stronger language be employed,
and was any right aver more expressly recognized
and protected? The said fifth article declares
that—
"The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses,
stall deem it inisiiy, shall propose amendments to this
Coratiuitxm; or, on the application of the Legislatures of
two thirds of the several States, shall call a convention for
proposing amendments, which, in either case, shall be valid,
to all intents and purposes, as part of this Constitution, fcc.;
Prodded, That no amendment ichick may be made prior to
the year 1808, shall, m any manner, affect the first <md fourth
clauses in the ninth section of the first article.''
Thus it will be observed that an amendment
of the Constitution would have to be resorted to
now to prohibit the States from introducing slaves
from abroad, if Congress would not legislate
against it.
Here, then, is the strongest and most unquali-
fied evidence of the recognition of slavery. The
third clause of section two, article four, provides
that—
" No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the law* thereof, escaping into soother, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from
each seitke or labor, but staaU be delivered up on claim of
the party to whom such service or labor may be due."
This clause, to the extent to which it goes, pro-
tects slavery in any State against the positive
Uses or regniatitms Aeretf. If no State had such
laws or regulations, and passed none, then the
aforesaid clause of the Constitution was inoper-
ative, practically, and slavery, as a legal species
of property, could be carried there just as any-
thing else in the shape of property. This right
of the master results from his ownership and the
right to the custody and services of the slave by
the common law. It is the same right by which
bail may arrest their principal in another State.
The Constitution and laws of the United States
do mot confer, but secure, this right to reclaim
fugitive slaves against State legislation. In Peters's
Digest of the Reports of the Supreme Court of the
United Suites, page 536, &C-, it will be found that
the said court has placed this «oatter beyond all
cavil:
"Acitizen of another State from which a slave absconds
into the State of Pennsylvania, may pursue and take him
without warrant, and use as much force as is necessary to
carry him back to his residence. He may be arrested on
Sunday—in the night—in the house of another, if no breach
of the peace is committed. This right of the master re-
sults from his ownership, and the right to the custody and
service of the slave by the common law.
" The Constitution and laws of the United States do not
Confer, but secure, this right to reclaim fugitive slaves
against the laws of the State. It is no offense against the
laws of the State for a master to take bis absconding slave
to the State from which be absconded. No person has a
right to oppose the master in reclaiming his slave, or to
demand proof of property. The master may use force in
repelling snch opposition."
The right of property in the owner of the slave
in another State is placed high above all State
regulations, and so unanswerably announced by
our highest court in the land.
The Constitution also, in the third clause of the
second section of the first article, in making pro-
vision for representation and taxation, expressly
recognizes the existence of staves as the most val-
uable of property in the adjustment of its fepre- J
eeutatitt arm taxable basis. 1
I The Supreme Court has on sundry occasions,
! clearly and firmly maintained and enforced this
right. I will refer to a most grave and important
case, which was brought before it, and which
was imposing and serious in its bearings, more
especially as it involved exciting questions of
State sovereignty—Pennsylvania ana Maryland,
loyal and neighboring States, being immediately
concerned.
This was the case of Prigg, a citizen of Mary-
land, against the Commonwealth of Pennsylva-
nia. Justice Story, a most distinguished jurist,
and of whom Massachusetts may well be proud,
as one of her illustrious sons; with all the moral
grandeur and firmness in keeping with such a
cause, delivered the decision of this high court.
In the syllabus of the case the law is thus
stated:
" It will probably be found, when we look to the charac-
ter of the Constitution of the United States itself—the ob-
jects which it seeks to attain—the power which it employs—
the duties which it enjoins, and the rights which it secures
—as well as to the known historical facts that many of
its provisions were matters of compromise, of opposing in-
terests and opinions—that no uniform rule of interpretation
can be applied, whieh may not allow, even if it does not
positively demand, many modifications in its application to
particular clauses. Perhaps the safest rule of interpreta-
tion, after all, will be found to be to look to the nature and
object of the particular powers, duties, rights, with all the
light and aid of cotemporary history; and to give to the
words of each just such operation and force, consistent
with their legitimate meaning, as may fairly secure and at-
tain the ends proposed. It is historically well known thai
the object of the clause in the Constitution, relating to per-
sons owing service and labor in one State, escaping into
i another, was to secure to the citizens of the slaveholding
States the complete right and title of ownership in their
slaves, as property, in ecery State of the Union, into which
they might escape from the State where they were held in
servitude.
'• The full recognition of this right and title was indis-
pensable to the security of this species of property in all the
slaveholding States; and, indeed, was so vital to the pres-
1 ervation of their domestic interests and institutions, that it
! cannot be doubted that it constituted a fundamental article,
> without the adoption of which the Union could not have
, been formed. Its true design was to guard against the doc-
trines and principles prevailing in the non slaveholding
States, by preventing them from intermeddling with, or
oUtrncttng, or abolishing, the rights o( the owners of slaves.
The clause in the Constitution relating u> fugitives from labor
manifestly contemplates the existence of a positive, un-
qualified right, on the part of the owner of the slave, which
no State law or regulation can in any way qualify, regu-
late, control, or restrain. Any Slate law or regulation
which interrupts, limits, delays, or postpones the rights of
the owner to the immediate command of his service or
labor, operates, pro tanto, a discharge of the slave therefrom.
The owner of a fugitive slave has the same right to seile
and take him, in a Slate to which he has escaped, that he
has in the State from which he fled- The court have not
the slightest hesitation in holding that under and in virtue
of the Constitution, the owner of the slave is clothed with
the authority, in every State of the Union, to seize and
recapture his slave.
| '" The right to seize and retake fugitive slaves, and the
| duty to deliver them up, in whatever State of the Union
they may be found, is, under the Constitution, recognized
as an absolute, positive right and duty, pervading the whole
I Union with an equal and supreme force, uncontrolled, and
I uncontrollable, by State sovereignty and State legislation,
j The right and duty are coextensive and uniform, in remedy
1 and operation, throughout the whole Union. The owner
i has the same security, and the same remedial justice, and
i the same exemption, from State regulations and control,
; through however many States he may pass with the fugi-
tive slave in his possession, in transitu to his domicile."—
1 16 Peter's Reports,'p. 540; adjudged tn 1842.
This clear and unqualified annunciation of the
law, from the highest tribunal in the country,
pronounced by the ablest judge that has ever
I ornamented the judicial history of the State of
Massachusetts, is irresistibly conclusive. From
its scope and tenor it may well be maintained,
! that, under the Constitution of the United States,
negroes, free or slave, are no parties to the cove-
nant; that " We, the people," in the preamble to
1 the Constitution, does not include them; that the
spurious, vicious, and revolting doctrine of the
equality of the negro and the white man, in this
country, at least, is a monstrous heresy; that
] within our jurisdictional limits as a nation, ne-
! groes are to be presumed and considered slaves
and property, and that under the operation of
, this clause in relation to fugitive slaves and their
speedy recapture, under the lucid exposition of
our highest court for its interpretation, the same
; presumption must be uniform and maintainable
, in a non-slaveholding as well as a slaveholding
| State, more especially if they have no local law
; declaring the status of the negro race. The Con-
i stitution of the United States has, beyond all
I question, recognized and effectively ordained <iftd
established slavery as to the negro race. Let us
further ascertain what had been its previous his-
tory, and which the founders of our Government
had necessarily before them, atid whether they
had created such a state of things; or if It had
existed by the great law of nations, which is said
to be but the application of the law of nature to
the affairs of nations.
{ In 10 Wheaton's RepoVts of the Decisions of
j the Supreme Court of the United States, page 66,
j and decided as late as the year 1825, in the case
1 of the Antelope, Chief Justice Marshall, than
whom an abler, purer, or more enlightened judge
| never sat on any bench, pronounced the judg-
! ment of that court. He says:
"The question, whether the slave trade is prohibited by
! the law of nations, has been seriously propounded, and both
| the affirmative ana negative of the proposition have been
' maintained with equal earnestness. But from the earliest*
! times war has existed, and war confers rights in which all
have acquiesced. Amongst the most enlightened nations
of antiquity one of tlKjse was, that the victor might enslave
the vanquished.
" That which was the usage of all could sot be pro-
, nounced repugnant to the law of nations, whieh is certain-
ly to be tried by the test of general usage. That which has
received the assent of all must be the law of all. Through-
out the whole extent of Africa, so far as we know its his-
tory, it is still the taw of nations, that prisoners are slaves.
A jurist could not say that a practice thus supported was
illegal. In this commerce, thus sanctioned by universal as-
sent, every nation has an equal right to engage. No princi-
ple of general law is more universally acknowledged, than
i the perfect equality of nations—Russia and Geneva have
equal rights.
" It results from this equality, that no one can rightfully
impose a rule on another. Each legislates for itself. A right,
then, which is vested in all, hy the consent of all, can be
divested only by consent; and this trade, in which all have
participated, must remain lawful to those who cannot be
induced to relinquish it. As uo nation can prescribe a rule
for others, none can make a law of nations, (not even Mas-
sachusetts,) and this traffic remains lawful to those whose
Governments have not forbidden it."
Need anything be more conclusive to us thspi
this decision of our highest court ? Our Govern-
ment has not, in its organism, ^constitutionally
placed any prohibition on the " stave trade," so
called—simply left to the discretion of Congress
if deemed by them inexpedient, thus making it,
manifest, that our forefathers had none of those
morbid sentiments upon this subject which now
animate a portion of their descendants; or, if
' they held any such feelings, they did not suffer
them to exist as stumbling-blocks to the forma-
tion of a Union of all the States.
All history bears testimony that the Portuguese
commenced the African stave trade in the year
i 1443. They were followed by the Spaniards and
by the Dutch. In the years 1585- 88, charters
were granted bv Queen Elizabeth,encouraging the
slave trade. The African company was estab-
I lished in England in 1672; and m the year 1689
! they entered into an agreement to supply the
1 Spaniards with slaves. In the year 1620, slaves
i were first introduced into Virginia. Slavery
| originated, ex jure gentium, by reason of cap-
' tivity.
Incidentally I will here put a case. Suppose
, a sensible philanthropist was called on to decide
upon the morality of the following case: He is
on the coast of Africa with competent means.
He also witnessed one thousand captives taken
1 in war in that barbarous and benighted country,
j and without any agency of his were about to
' meet the dread penalty, according to the laws of
j war, as there understood. He found that he
| could purchase their ransom for a small price,
and save their lives, by having them transported
I to a cotton plantation m the south of this Union,
( where he knew they would be amply provided
for, and their general condition improved. What
i would true Christianity, philanthropy, and the
ordinary feelings of humanity, prompt him to do ?
Retain his money, and let tnem be slaughtered,
or advance the price, and save the miserable
! wretches from certain destruction ? Could he
' thus save them, and refiised to do so, would he
! be justified in foro emscientias? Suppose he took
also into consideration any incidental profits,
arising from the arrangement, regaining at the
same time the certain improvement in the com-
fort of the negroes, what school of ethics could
i pronounce him a barbarous Christian ? Suppose
after he got them settled, and in process of time
their numbers became great, arrd their happiness
and comfort IncMMMd part pdstu,**A their libetpa-
