1856.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fBT
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. of Rfets.
« Far from limiting ray charity and confidence to men of
my own denomination in religion, [ suppose, and believe,
sir, that there are worthy characters among the Quakers,
the Baptists, the Cimrcli of England, the Papists; and even
ainon; those who have no other guide, in the-Way to virtue
uid Heaven, than the dictates of natural religion.
« I must, therefore, think, sir, that the proposed plan of
government, in this particular, is wisely constructed ; that,
as all have an equal claim to the blessings of the Govern-
ment under which they live, and which they support, so
none should be excluded from them for being of any par-
ticular denomination in religion."
Such sentiments are worthy to be written upon
tablets of stone.
Rev. Mr. Payson said:
" Mr. President, after what has been observed, relating
to a religious test, by gentlemen of acknowledged abilities,
I did not expect that it would again be mentioned, as an
objection to the proposed constitution, that such a test was
not required as a qualification for office. Such were the
abilities and integrity of the gentlemen Wlio constructed
the Constitution, as not to admit of the presumption that
they would have betrayed so much vanity as to attempt to
erect bulwarks and barriers to the throne of God. Relying
on the candor of this convention, 1 shall take the liberty to
express my sentiments on the nature of a religious lest, and
shall endeavor to do it in such propositions as will meet the
approbation of every mind.
" The great object of religion being God Supreme, and
the seat of religion in man being the heart or conscience,
i. e., the reason God has given us, employed on our moral
actions, in their most important consequences, as related
to the tribunal of God; hence, I infer, that God alone is
the God of the conscience, and, consequently, attempts to
erect human tribunals for the consciences of ineu are im-
pious encroachments upon the prerogatives of God. Upon
these principles, had there been a religious test as a quali-
fication tor office, it would, in my opinion, have been a great
blemish upon the instrument."—2 Elliot, 130.
Not much bigotry and exclusiveness among
the early fathers, it would seem.
General Heath said:
" Mr. President, after a long and painful investigation of
the Federal Constitution, by paragraphs, this honorable
convention are drawing nigh to the ultimate question—a
question as momentous as ever invited the attention of
man. We are soon to decide on a system digested not for
the people of the CommoniceaUh of Massachusetts alone—not
for the present people of the United States only—but, in
addition to these, for all those States which may hereafter
rise into existence within the jurisdiction of the (Jrtited
Slates, and for millions of people yet unbom ; a system of
government not for a nation of slaves, but for a people as
free and virtuous as any on earth—not for a conquered na-
tion, subdued to our will, but for a people who have fought,
who have bled, and who have conquered; who, under the
(miles of (leaven, have established their independence and
sovereignty, and have taken equal rank amongst the nations
of the earth In short, sir, it is a system of government for
oimelces, and for our children—for all that is near and dear
to us in life; and on the decision of this question is sus-
pended our political prosperity or infelicity, perhaps our
existence as a nation. What can be more solemn ? What
can be more interesting? Everything depends upon our'
who*. I know that some have supposed that, although the
Union should he broken, particular States may retain (heir
importance; bat this cannot be. The strongest nerved State,
even the right arm, if separated from the body, most wither.
[Hear, oh! Massachusetts, as from the tomb!] If the great
Union be broken, our country, as a nation, perishes; and
if our country so perishes, it will be as impossible to save a
particular State, as to preserve one of the fingers Of a mor-
tified hand."—3 EUiot, 31.
Most noble sentiments, and a most solemn war-
ning. Rev. Mr. Backus Baid:
" Mr. President, I have said very little in this honorable
convention ; but I now beg leave to offer a few thoughts
apon some points in the Constitution proposed to us, and I
•hall begin with the exclusion of any religions test. Many
appear to be much concerned about it; but nothing is more
evident in reason and the Holy Scriptures, than that religion
is ever a matter between God and individuals; and there-
fore no man or men can impose any religious test, without
invading the essential prerogatives of onr Lord Jesus Christ.
Ministers first assumed this power, under the Christian
name; and then Constantine approved of the practice,
when he adopted the profession of Christianity, as an en-
gine of State policy. And let the history of all nations be
searched from that day to this, and it will appear that the
imposing of religious tests hath been the greatest engine of
tyranny in the world. And 1 rejoice to sea so many gentle-
men, ivho are now giving in their rights of conscience in
this great and important matter. Some serious minds dis-
cover a concern, lest, if all religious tests should be exclud-
ed, the Congress would hereafter establish Popery, or some
other tyrannical way of worship. But it is most certain,
that no such way of worship can be established witbout any
religious test."—2 EUiot, 148.
So it seems that some in those days were afraid
of the Pope.
It appears from all the cotemporaneous history,
that the foundations of our Government were
well considered by its revolutionary authors; and
the more we carefully examine its provisions,
thebetter satisfied we become that it is a well-
arranged and well-defined system, which if car-
riedout in its purity, is entirely competent for all
I exigencies. A Federal Government for all great
I national purposes—State government for muni-
| cipal purposes—all powers not delegated to the
I first, reserved to the latter; strict but reasonable
| construction necessarily provided for, which is
! the rule of interpretation prescribed in the Con-
| stitution itself; the States recognized as coequal
j in every respect; full and adequate power con-
, ferred for an extension of the area of States, by
! the unlimited authority to admit new States,
j They may have slavery or discard it, as each
i State may for itself ordain. Slavery being a
' municipal regulation, must be set up or put down
by the State authority.
The Federal Government having no power to
J ordain, fix, and prescribe domestic institutions,
has no control over the subject. Some of the
j States having slaves, others none, the General
I Government cannot take sides with either. To
| carry out this arrangement in theory and spirit,
j each and every new State must be left to its
' own unbiased discretion upon ftie subject. The
| Federal Government has no right to prescribe
| features for new States; or to form States after
any particular fashion; or to take incipient steps
towards molding the institutions of new States.
Each and every one must be left at perfect liberty
to adopt its own fashion and taste, according to
its own judgment, formed from its own considera-
tion of its peculiar circumstances; and, although
its taste may be peculiar in some respects, still
the old adage holds good—" Dt gustibusnondis-
putandum." Any of the powers of the Govern-
ment may be abused so as, in effect, to destroy
the system. The express powers, aswell as the
implied; the taxing power, the war power, the
legislative power, and so of others—may be so
perverted as to destroy the system. The Gov-
ernment can be as effectually overthrown by a
gross abuse of the express grants of power, as by
the exercise of powers doubtful or not delegated
at all. It seems now to* be very generally agreed i
that, under the treaty-making power, the Federal '
Government may acquire additional territory, ;
although the framers of the Constitution did not :
appear to have contemplated the addition of new j
States from territory thus acquired. When terri-
tory is acquired, how should the General Gov- !
ernment manage it? Certainly not for the pur-
pose of carrying out any peculiar system or view
pertaining to any section, but to be controlled,
under the Constitution, by ttye common agent, and
for equal benefit to all the members of the Con-
federacy, and without, at the s&me time, trench-
ing upon the inchoate rights of a new State in
expectancy. So soon as acquired, the Constitu-
tion , tx yrtrprio vigore, operates over it. It is
necessarily placed within the jurisdictional limits
of the Constitution. The massive mind of Mr.
Webster seemed to think, at one time, that an
act of Congress was necessary to carry the Con-
stitution into such territory. Such an idea ap-
pears to be essentially paradoxical.
The Federal Government, under that clause—
third section of article fourth—giving the Con-
gress the power "to dispose of, and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting the ter-
ritory or other property belonging to the United
States," exercises a controlling influence in the
disposition of1 the said territory, and the making
of needful rules and regulations. Such rules and
regulations must be limited in their operation to
such measures as are beneficial to the whole, and
necessary to enable the Government to dispose
of the territory—to preserve order and good gov-
ernment whilst that is being done, and all her
acts must harmonize with the entire system. For
instance, some of the States interested have slaves,
others none. The General Government, then,
as a common and faithful agent, has no rightful
power to favor one to the prejudice or exclusion
of the other. This would be aggressive, and
would be enabling the Federal Government, the
mere agent of all the States, to exercise a con-
ventional authority that could only be imparted
by some organic proceeding. Any rules or reg-
ulations that she might prescribe, transcending,
or outside of, constitutional authority, would be
utterly null and void. For the purpose of dis-
posing of the public lands, the General Govern-
ment may have them surveyed, establish land
offices, ordain other agenftieh, and pass necessary
laws to preserve order—police regulations simply.
She has no power to establish municipal regula-
tions, prescribe what shall be considered property,
regulate the law of descent, last will and testa-
ment, and the various domestic relations and re-
sponsibilities of life. The Government never has
done it, and has no power to ordain such things.
Having the control of the right of eminent domain,
she may consent to the sale of the lands, and their
occupation. When she has done this, the rights
of the citizens of all the States, growing out of
their municipal regulations, are recognized. If
she suffers them to occupy the Territories, they
must take with them their municipal rights of
property, &c.: the men of the East, with their
horses and baggage; the men of the South, with
their negroes and camp equipage. Parents and
children, husband and wife, master and servant—
j indeed, all the domestic rights and relations, arfe
| carried there by their possessors.
If the Constitution, from its necessary theory
1 and tendency, carries any one of these social
; rights—for instance, the relative rights of baron
1 and feme, which are but the result of a civil con-
tract, recognized and ordained by municipal au-
. thori ty, it must support, also, th e relation of master
! and slave. If the Federal Government has the
right to dissolve the latter, then it may also de-
clare, that within its territory the marriage con-
tract shall be considered dissolved—prescribe a
plurality of wives—enactall the absurdities char-
acterizing fanaticism—may establish Momonisnt,
Maint-lawism, spiritualism, witchcraft, a religious
test—indeed all the whole code of blue laws. If
this Government has the power in ttne case, and
it is to be left to its discretion, in what will it
draw a line of distinction? I assume that this
Government has no such power. The institutions
of all the States, establishing property and rights
of property, and all the social relations, are taken
along with the people that go there, and must be
recognized in tne first instance. This embraces
all the rights of property, vested rights, and
which are respected by th« laws of all nations;
otherwise, as to mere police regulations. When
i the Territory is thus occupied, under such con-
, stitutional regulations as Congress shall think
proper to prescribe in reference to the disposition
of the public domain, the General Government
may, and ought to, assent to the formation of a
territorial government, and to the organization of
a local legislative authority, competent to the ad-
justment and protection of all their local interests
upon the well-settled principles of our Govern-
ment—that where there is legislation over a peo-
ple, there ought to be representation.
I suppose it is upon this basis that, whilst the
territorial government is in a quasi modified con-
dition of political existence, the people there are
allowed a representative in Congress, without
i full and complete powers. This is the estab-
lished mode of territorial representation. There
are other peculiarities pertaining to our system—
for instance, as to the status of the Indian tribes.
They are not citizens; they are not foreigners;
they are in a state of dependence—of pupilage.
The Supreme Court of the United States hasa
decided, in the case of Georgia and the Cherokee
nation, that that Indian tribe, to a certain extent,
was a political State, and entitled to be so treated,
under the eighth section, third clause, of the
Constitution, authorizing Congress " to regulate
commerce with foreign nations, and amongst the
several States, and with the Indian tribes. The
said tribes are considered as domestic integral
nations, I suppose. Where is the power to regu-
late commerce with the Territories, except upon
the theory I am urging, coupled with the author-
ity to make all needful rules and regulations
within the compass of all the Federal authority,
and looking to their ultimate destiny as States?
When the Territories are allowed a local Legis-
lature, they are in the first organic Btate of gov-
ernment. From being mere squatters on the public
domain, and tenants at will, and by mere suffer-
ance, they are put in the possession and user,
rightfully, of police authority, and the making
of municipal regulations, having then acquired,
iy the consent <tf the General Government, some of
their original and inherent governmental rights,
