1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
989
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. op Reps.
your adversaries. If so, they were obliged to be
on the side of the law. If they have transcended
their powers, turn them out, and elect others. If
you cannot do this, per fas atU ne.fas, will you
submit; or will you overthrow the Government;
or will you attempt it ? Then you are really
outlaws, traitors, if unsuccessful: if otherwise,
vou have committed suicide, fratricide, parri-
cide, and the curses of generations unborn will
cover your memories, and the torments of the
damned will be visited upon your souls as long
as there is a just God to uphold his own sover-
eignty, and an avenger to execute his decrees.
The professedly free-State people of Kansas
have not petitioned this Government for a re-
dress of any grievances. Had that been done,
we were bound to inquire into their complaints.
In the place of this, they have defied the Govern-
ment authorities—have taken the law into their
own hands—have set up for themselves—and
now come here, forsooth, charged with treason,
shaking their " gory locks at us," and very
modestly their friends and coadjutors ask us to
repudiate our own constitutional authority, to
indorse the propriety of their conduct, and, as a
premium for moral treason, to admit them into
our fellowship! This is not a question of "free
soil:" that is a very different thing, and meek in
its pretensions compared with this monstrous
outrage! It is a case of government or no gov-
ernment—law or no law. It is asking us to legal-
ize tri &-ion, rebellion, and revolution!
If the Federal Government had been guilty of
oppression through any of its authorities, ex-
ecutive or judicial, we assume that our system is
ample to give redress in a regular way. Show
me fraud and violence and outrage, whenever
and wherever perpetrated, and I will use all legal
measures in my power to avenge it. There is
enough of this feeling of justice and regard for
competent authority, I apprehend, in the country
to set right all wrongs, and there is yetno neces-
sity, I hope, for the people anywhere in this
country to resort to revolution, ltis a burlesque,
a stigma, a reproach upon our whole system of
popular government. The whisky boys of Penn-
sylvania complained, and Shay's insurrection in
Massachusetts caused alarm, but the Government,
at the time, was found ample to adjust all their dis-
order. Shall a handful of men on the borders of
Kansas set at defiance all the power of this Gov-
ernment, and be permitted to fill the country with
alarm? Are they without ample means of redress;
and is the Government to be badgered by a set of
factionists, alarmists, and revolutionists? And is
she so impotent, that to gratify the Topeka ad-
venturers who have manufactured a constitution
amid all these horrors of treason and revolution,
that their lawless acts are to be justified, and they
admitted into our Union, with not haste?
If such an example of insubordination is to be
commended and indorsed, then our whole system
of popular government is but an empty pageant;
and the victors, as well as the vanquished, may
well and alike deplore its effects. Our days are
numbered. Good men are amazed, and may well
be paralyzed by the boldness of the demonstra-
tion. All our recognized authorities are utterly
disregarded. Upon the President down to the most
obscure official, one unbroken torrent of insane
abuse is poured. Is thisclamoragainstallautbority
well deserved ? Or is it the adroit outcry of " Stop
thief!" made by the midnight burglar when ex-
posed? What should the President do that he
has not done, and what has he left undone that
he cculd effect ? He has conducted himself nobly
in his high office, and deserves the thanks of the
whole country for his faithful and manly dis-
charge of his duty. What would you have ,the
Federal authority do that has not been done ?
What do you expect Chief Justice Lecompte and
his associates to do, that has not been done? Are
they not obliged to administer the laws as they
find them ? Are they not obliged to expound the
Kansas-Nebraska law as it stands, unrepealed,
on the statute-book ? Have these officials not
■worn, before high Heaven and the face of all
men, faithfully to discharge their duty? Would
you have them falsify their solemn obligation
when outrage stalks abroad in the noonday sun;
and when firmness is required, would you have
them swerve to lawless clamor? Will you have
realized the motto, "Inter arrna leges silent ?" Or
will you give them credit for fearless execution
of the laws ? I wonder if these Topeka constitu-
tion-makers took an oath to support your Consti-
tution ? Where are the men of Kansas that have
sent on to us petitions for a redress of grievances,
or even for the adoption of their handiwork, this
Topeka constitution—conceived in iniquity, and
witn rebellion stamped upon its very brow ?
For aught that appears, they are men in buck-
ram—in Kansas to-day, gone to-morrow; and if
you inaugurate their government, will not you have
to issue a search warrant to find them or their
famous bantling? Sir, if the occasion were not
a most solemn one, this whole proceeding, known
as the Topeka transaction, should be charac-
terized as a complete farce, with scarcely enough
of the dramatis personal to furnish characters.
After the denouement is over, if the world is not
upset by it, no doubt it would afford incidents for
a most laughable comedy. The Topeka consti-
tutional convention—the members thereof sitting
in the open air on logs and stumps, without cere-
mony, some in revolutionary robes, some in utter
deshabille, debating the affairs of State, and settling
the destinies of that infant sovereignty—may
Heaven forever forefend us from such miserable
trumpery and hoy-de-doy buffoonery! If the Pres-
ident or Chief Justice Lecompte has transcended
the limits of his official duties, with criminal intent
to oppress the most obscure citizen, why not
boldly, and as true patriots, bring up your im-
peachments ? Why snarl at them, when you
have the right to make out your bills of indict-
ment? I submit, if it is right, fair, or manly, to
assault official authority, and attempt to bring
it into disrepute, when you have ample remedy,
by putting them on their trial, giving them the
power of vindication; and this you decline?
I have said that I believe the President has
fearlessly discharged his duty, and the country
will so esteem it. I happen to know Judge Le-
compte. He is, I doubt not, a fearless, firm, and
impartial officer, and I am sure will discharge his
high duties faithfully and promptly. 1 am sat-
isfied, in his responsible station, he will meet all
its requirements as the exigencies of the occasion
may deserve. He is not the man to be badgered
oi browbeaten. He is a sound lawyer, and I
take it, will so carry himself in his honorable po-
sition, as to defy any well-grounded charge of
breach of duty. It is abominable to endeavor to
tarnish his official standing by mere partisan al-
legation. I dare say similar testimonials maybe
borne as to all the territorial judges and ttfficers.
They have been nominated by the President, and
have undergone the ordeal of the Senate, which
is a sufficient guarantee to the country to meet
any slurs that political malice may attempt to cast
; upon them. But, it is said that faith has been
broken by the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
in the passage of the Nebraska act. That so-
called compromise was but a law on the statute-
' book, enacted by one Congress and repealable by
another. You talk of compromises in a mere
law, when you are disregarding a whole series
of compromises in the original Constitution—the
■ very compact of government. Where in the
Missouri law is the covenant that it should not
be repealable ? The North has never regarded it
since its passage, and before its repeal. When
Florida was admitted, did not the North oppose
her admission ? This was long after the passage
: of the Missouri compromise. The same may be
said as to the course of the North as to the ad-
mission of Arkansas. No, sir; it is useless to
talk of compromises except they are in keeping
with the Constitution, and observed by all par-
ties. They are mere cobwebs.
It is said that upon one occasion in the career
of Alexander, surnamed the Great, a Thessalian
robber was brought before him upon a charge
of plundering on the high seas; being asked by
Alexander, by what authority he played the free-
booter—his reply was, " by the same right that
Alexander conquers worlds; but because you
overrun whole countries, you are renowned as a
great conqueror, but because I command a.small
shallop, 1 am called a robber." Alexander daz-
zled by his boldness—the Thessalian robber out-
lawed, because of the modesty of his exploits.
These Topeka men, because, forsooth, they are
constitution-makers, and proclamate themselves
as high-souled patriots, are to bewilder by their
audacity: when brought down to their proper
level as puny violators of the peace of the com-
munity, they cease to command our admiration.
I have not seen an authentic copy of Judge Le-
compte's charge to the grand jury, and therefore
cannot say whether he is right, as alleged, in
charging them with " high treason;" but I should
be inclined to think that their flimsy proceedings-
could hardly be dignified as treason, actual or
constructive.
It may be that the grand jury—considering that
they had confederated with this great emigrant aid
society incorporated by the State of Massachu-
setts, and well supplied[ with Sharpe's rifles, and
assumed dominion and conquest—thought they
should be measured by their aspirations. I dare
say they will feel more complimented by such a
dignified allegation, than to have been simply
accused as mere disturbers of the peace. If they
should be spared from the clutches of Judge
Lecompte, and live to help to make another con-
stitution, they may well consider themselves
lucky. It seems to have been settled in the days of
our Revolution, that, although revolutions might
be resorted to, they were not to be recommended
for light causes, and only when all other means
of redress had failed, and oppression became
intolerable. As long as there was any other legal
remedy at hand, it must be resorted to. But it
seems we have improved upon that, and revolu-
tions may be got up nowadays as occasion may
require. "A tempest in a teapot." Where has
there been intolerable oppression in Kansas, and
where have all the remedies been resorted to?
Congress has not been petitioned for redress
by these Topeka constitution and revolution
mongers. The legality of the proceedings of the
Kansas Legislature may be tried before the courts.
The much-abused Kansas-Nebraska act, in the
twenty-seventh section, provides an appeal from
the court in Kansas, from Judge Lecompte's, ii
you please, to the Supreme Court. You can test
the frauds that you say have disturbed you, by
bringing the whole subject before the Supreme
Court of the United States. This you can do,
even under the habeas corpus proceeding, recog-
nized by thesaid section. If, then,there has been
fraud, outrage, violence, and if the Legislature
itself is unauthorised, and its whole proceedings
void, why is not the legal and orderly method, and
the only satisfactory one, except the ballot-box,
resorted to, in place of revolution, anarchy, and
bloodshed ? By pursuing this mode, order and
regularity in all our proceedings are observed.
Because this has not been done, I am right in
assuming that the founders of the Topeka con-
stitution are clearly in the wrong, and upon their
own heads, with their coadjutors, does all the
responsibility rest. I commend them to the sage
and comprehensive exposition of the distinguished
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] whoso
remarks on this branch of the subject are patri-
otic, high-toned, and impressive.
Sir, it is true that we are living in an age of
the world far distant from that rendered illustri-
ous by the gallant and daring deeds of a noble
ancestry. The interval has been a progressive
one, and knowledge has increased; but we are
yet living under the same old Constitution, as it
was handed to us by its founders, unchanged in
any particular affecting its general structure, and,
we trust, competent to any emergency. It is
now in our keeping. The Government is not a
self-moving machine; it must be regulated by
the same high considerations, and administered
with that mutual forbearance, which character-
ized its authors. There is nothing now seriously
to disturb us, unless we mean to magnify diffi-
culties.
The slavery question gave our forefathers some
trouble in laying the foundations of the Gov-
ernment; but it was wisely adjusted in a spirit
of mutual compromise and concession. If we
meet our difficulties in the same high and patri-
otic temper, clouds will pass away, and-the rain-
bow of peace will shine in our political firmament.
The pulpit may be desecrated; the. effusion# of
