99*
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 29,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. of Reps.
literature perverted; benevolence turned fVom its
natural channel; the Bible ignored; its divinity
trampled in the dust, as it was once before, when
it was dragged through the streets of Paris tied to
the tail of an ass; the age of reason—the higher
law—being boldly and shamelessly proclaimed.
These are startling developments, but they have
their limits; and it is to be hoped that there is still
sufficient common sense ana common decency
and rudimental patriotism left, to keep the country
moving on in her high destiny. Mountebanks
are necessary evils in every community, it would
seem. In our Confederacy, the South may al-
ways be relied upon as a conservative section. All
the wild and fanatical schemes that have their
origin in the North find little favor in the southern
region.
This may arise from the character of the
southern people, or the status of their peculiar
institutions. Fortunate it is, certainly, that our
demon-stricken brethren of the East are saved
from the results of their own folly by their best
friends at the South. " The fools are not all dead
yet;" and in a community like ours we are bound
to have variety, disorder, buffoonery, humbug,
and clap-trap. I believe it was said by Barnum
that the American people might be easily hum-
bugged. The remark js only partially true;
■ome may be—all cannot be. Barnum did not
much travel in the South.
Is it not strange, that in that land proverbial
for its steady habits—in the frosty regions of the
North—so much effervescence, fanaticism, and
knight-errantry, in its thousand forms, should
prevail, and in the South receive no support.
Maine-lawism, Mesmerism, Spiritualism, High-
er-lawism, <&c., have flourished in the northern
section, but have not extensively ravaged the
south. On the slavery question the North, or
rather the East, is absolutely mad, at least so
far as madness is indicated by the chief actors.
The South is more reasonable and practical. In
the aggregate calculation, however, those who
adopt the matter-of-fact philosophy of the South
are in a large majority.
The South is a unit upon the slavery question;
and in the North, public sentiment is nearly bal-
anced; put the whole South and the large minority
at the North and West together, and they com-
pose a large majority. Therefore the anti-slavery
propagandists are comparatively a small portion
of the great community in this country. I hold,
therefore, that they can never have a very com-
manding position. They may, temporarily, by
fortuitous causes, obtain a partial ascendency;
but their reign is necessarily short-lived. You
may, in high party times, raise a heavy outcry
upon an alleged violation of some compact;'
outrages in Kansas or elsewhere may be mag-
nified; all the changes may be rung upon a com-
mon assault and battery, occurring at the seat of
Government; and so long as human nature re-
mains as it is, you may expect to hear of fights,
breaches of the peace, felonies, rapine, murder,
and death. These are incidents to all society, in
it« most approved forma. Man is a strange ani-
mal even in a state of grace. These things are
to be lamented; but the benefits of Qovernment
are not to be discarded because of these occur-
rences. They have their day, but settle no great
principle. The North is not exempt more than
the South. -The great object of the present out-
cry at the North seems to be directed towards
the accomplishment of a perfect equality between
the white and negro races; to put the negro on
the platform of the white man, or rather to de-
grade the white man to the level of the negro.
In endeavoring to push this theory, which can
never be made to fit, they are guilty of a vast num-
ber of absurdities.
For instance, they once had an old law, I be-
lieve, in Massachusetts, forbidding the inter-
marriage of the white and negro races. This
was the natural sentiment, prompted by common-
sense pi^ritanism. Their modern posterity have
undertaken to improve upon this, and that old
statute has been considered a relic of barbarism
and swept from the statute-book. Is this the
improved ■ Massachusetts refinement? Not at
all. It grows out of their reckless haste, from
partisan feeling, to show their moral hardihood,
and Bhould not be quoted, I apprehend, as in-
dicative of the sober sentiment of Massachusetts
gallantry, or humanity, on this delicate subject.
Such a proceeding is against nature, and the in-
vincible and unmitigated instincts of man; and
it requires some other exciting cause to bring up
the moral feeling to recognize its possibility.
And although they may get their courage to the
sticking-point to place this law upon the statute-
book, repealing the edict of common-sense, yet
they have not yet the boldness to carry it into
practice. Therefore it looks like hypocrisy.
Their faith is without works, and, according to
Scripture, is dead.
Fred Douglass has a fair chance to open his
batteries upon them for this. I take it for granted
Massachusetts, with all her follies and vagaries,
can never be brought, practically, to recognize
the equality of the races—to associate upon terms
of perfect and equal cordiality with the negro,
to marry and intermarry, visit and be visited by
them, sit in the same jury-box, at the council
board, and in all the various social circles. If
that event should ever unfortunately happen to
that people, Massachusetts refinement in learn-
ing, and in all the embellishments of civilized
life, will have sunk into an unfathomable abyss
of barbarism. In* that condition she would be
a stigma to the Union. God forbid that such
blighting fanaticism should desolate her fair bor-
ders ! In the State from which I have the honor
to come, so long ago as the year 1715 provision
was made to prevent the marriage of a negro,
or mulatto, with any white person. That law
still stands unrepealed, as evidence of the purity
of our venerable ancestry. Massachusetts, in
repealing hers, I submit, has furnished 110 evi-
dence of superior wisdom, ormore delicate taste.
Again: De gustibus non est disputandum. The
founders of our Government never for a moment
entertained this new-fahgled Massachusetts idea
of negro equality. They were white men, and pro-
vided a government for white men and their posterr
ity. The preamble recites, that " We, the-peo-
ple of the United States, in order to form a more
perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic
tranquillity, provide for the common defense,
and promote the general welfare, and secure the
blessing^ of liberty to ourselves and our posterity,
do ordain and establish this Constitution for the
United States of America." They were white
men, acting under their forms of government and
social institutions as then extant; Massachusetts
and Maryland, and doubtless the other States,
having the old laws to which I have referred
already in force.
Think you that they had the least conception
that they were providing and ordaining a govern-
ment for negro offspring when they spoke of their
posterity ? " If such an idea had been suggested, it
would have been scouted as an insult. Now, for-
sooth, in this day of Massachusetts refinement,
the discovery has been made, that the negro race
is worthy to be taken into copartnership; and
this great Government, with all its glorious des-
tiny, cannot be carried on without their aid and
assistance. Shades of Hancock, Gorham, King,
and a host of other revolutionary worthies, frown
upon such governmental profanity! And may
Heaven, in its mercy, save us from such Godless,
Christless, inhuman, and abominable fanaticism,
now and in all time to come! Such heresies can
never succeed, because they are against the in-
stinctsof human nature, and run counter to all the
uncontrollable decrees of fate The negro race,
although human, in all probability, is inferior
and subordinate to the white race. This is proved
by the experience of all ages, and is one of those
physical axioms that needs no demonstration.
They were undoubtedly intended to do the
drudgery of the white man, and such is the ordi-
nation of Providence. Whilst the white man, in
the perfection of his nature, must take the proper
care of all under him, and adapt them to such
purposes as they are most fitted, we must use the
world as we find it, and legislate practically upon
such physical facts, phenomena, and existences,
as we see around us. This is the part of wisdom
and common sense. In a social system there are,
and must be, various departments and i n stitutions.
The white man, subject to the ordinations of
God Almighty, the great lawgiver, is bound to
provide for all minor and subordinate creation.
The female was made for his help-mate, and
must be placed in that condition best adapted to
her nature and peculiarities. She is not compe-
tent to exercise the duties of manhood—cannot
be distinguished in the forum, the council-cham-
ber, or in the chase. Like the placid moon in the
solar system, although in an inferior orbit, and
reflecting light, soft and serene, she shines in her
own proper sphere, and gently contributes luster
to the great social system. Transform her, change
her position, and she becomes a fiery comet, creat-
ing terror and consternation. God forbid that any
modern reform should be permitted to degrade
her, and assign her any other place, than a
graceful and refined one! She may be permitted
so far as propriety will allow, to exercise all
those excusable—nay, commendable arts pertain-
ing to refined petticoat government, and to that
we will acknowledge our full allegiance. If she
go beyond that, rebellion and revolution will be
the direful result.
So with children, in their minority. They, like
lesser stars, must be subordinate; and if they do
not properly conduct themselves, the responsi-
bility must be taken of following Solomon's
precepts on this subject, which will, probably,
be found to be a necessary discipline occasion-
ally, through all time. I wonder if this old-fash-
ioned, scriptural, and patriarchal dispensation,
has been exploded by the modern refinements of
Massachusetts spiritualism ! Or will they con-
tinue it as a part of their social economy, suffering
the rod to be used upon children when beneficial
to them, but exempt the poor negTO, who is
always in a state of pupilage ? You will also find
in social life a large class of persons, adults of
feeble intellect, non compotes mcntes, incapable from
mental imbecility of taking care of themselves.
These must be provided for. Would Massachu-
setts philanthropy open the doors of all their
lunatic asylums, and turn out upon the world the
unfortunate madmen, because, forsooth, they are
; in fact deprived of their freedom ? She may de-
mand, who is authorized to pronounce them fool? ?
, That maybe agross assumption. A madman once
I confined in an asylum was asked by a strange
] visitor, why he was thus placed under duress.
His transcendental reply was, that it arose from
a difference of opinion—that all the world thought
he was crazy, whilst, on the contrary, he took it
that all the world was crazy; but being in an
awful minority himself, and the world having the
greater power, they had, by force of mere brute
numbers, placed him in that condition. How do
you find the negro here and elsewhere, and what
is the instinctive impression as to his proper des-
I tiny ? Feeble in intellectual power, with great
physical endurance, and, so far as we have all
! history to teach us lessons, utterly incapable of
i providing for himself. What is the duty en-
! joined as to him ? Provide for him—make him
comfortable according to his capacity. Let him
be employed in useful work, contributing to his
own improvement, and at the same time to all
around him. Experience proves that, if you turn
| him out, he will soon destroy himself; and if those
I properly changeable with his custody suffer him
j to become miserable and squalid, a fearful re-
I sponsibility rests upon them. My own State, a
I long time ago, acting upon humane and rational
views, provided by statute for the comfort and
management of the negro, and its wise legisla-
tion still stands and operates. Her statute, passed
in the year 1715, provides:
"That if any master or mistress of any servant what-
soever, sball deny, or not provide, sufficient meat, drink,
lodging, or clothing—or shall unreasonably burden them
beyond their strength with labor, or debar them of their
necessary rest and sleep, or. excessively beat and abuse
them, or shall give them above ten lashes for any one of-
fense, they shall be fined in the discretion of the court not
exceeding one thousand pounds of tobacco; and for a third
offense, the said servant shall be freed."
Such is the humanity of our system upon this
subject. Parents too, in that State, are allowed
to administer reasonable chastisement upon 'heir
children, not having abolished the old patriarchal
custom. A few madmen are confined in proper
asylums. The fairer and better portion of cftaUon
are allowed to stay at home and take charge of
