1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. of Reps.
their household affairs, and are idolised and wor-
shiped- They aja not permitted to turn travel-
ing politicians airtrpolitical propagandists of any
sort. We bow at their domestic sririne, and sub-
mit with due humility and gallantry to be gov-
erned by them within certain conventional but
well-defined limitations. Under this antiquated
system, it may be, we are comparatively happy
and contented. All classes, male and female,
parent and child, guardian and ward, master and
apprentice, master and servant, are reasonably
comfortable, and we are not, like Raaselasin the
happy rallev, discontented with our lot. If these
old and established usages are suffered to remain
to us, and we are not annoyed by officious inter-
meddlers, we stand up manfully for the compact
of government—we hold to the bond of union,
for we are a loyal people.
This may be our simplicity, but we go for the
greatest good to the greatest number—for law,
order, parental and diversified social government^
opposed to ultraism; in favor of natural and sen-
sible progressive improvement and amelioration
in all things. We are not yet prepared to adopt
all your extreme and unfledged theories—Maine-
law ism, Mormonism, Spiritualism, Fourierism,
Fan ny W rightism, Agrarianism, Fanaticism, and
the thousand other nameless heresies and hum-
bugs that political upstarts may press upon our
attention. We are content,so long as we are able to
follow the ten commandments; and our ministers
of the various denominations (for we are not sec-
tarians—Catholic and Protesant have an equality
of privilege from time almost immemorial) confine
themselves to their appropriate duties; and reli-
gion, pure and undefiJed before God and man, is
proclaimed; and we witness under its benign in-
fluence, thousands of good Christians of all classes
on their road to Heaven—masters and servants,
in the same category, each in his proper element.
We are satisfied tliat such institutions and cus-
toms, with slavery in their midst, have done more,
and are still doing more, to evangelize the be-
nighted African, than the false philanthropy and
all the missionary societies of the North, from the
foundation of the world to the present time.
The North, it may be, being Better adapted for
other systems, has wisely transferred her slavery
to her southern brethren, and by turning the
products of slave labor to the best accountin her
manufacturing establishments, has grown great,
powerful, and wealthy, whilst the South has its
adrantaze in the agricultural and planting pur-
suits. Properly speaking, the slavery institution
of the South is but that servitude under the great
and necessary law of society, practically working
up its materials to the bestjulvantage, and essen-
tially preservative of the best interests of all
classes and races. Under the diversified social
system, wisely adjusted at home, and under a
great parental government, all sections have en-
loyed unexampled prosperity, because each sepa-
rate community has been allowed, in regulating
its institutions, to adapt them to the climate and
their natural capability. Under our laws as thay
now stand, no more slaves can be introduced from
abroad. Whether this svstem of prohibition is
judicious or otherwise, all agree to stand to that
policy. In the Constitution, Congress was re-
stricted in the passage of any law to prohibit their
importation before the year 1808. To that ex-
tent, the framers of the Constitution invited and
encouraged an increase of slaves. The power,
however, was reserved to each State, as it might
think fiu to prohibit their introduction. The State
of Maryland had thought proper, by her act of
1783, before the adoption of the Constitution, to
prohibit the further introduction.
This had also been the policy of the State of
Virginia. After the adoption of the Constitution,
Maryland, by her act of 1792, in a spirit of be-
nevolence, provided that the refugees from the
troubles in St. Domingo, who hgfl come into the
State with their slaves, should be entitled to hold
them. The State, again, by the act of 1796, re-
affirmed the act of 1783, thus maintaining the
policy of non-importation, although tolly entitled
to import under tne Constitution, which had been
recently adopted in 1789. The views of Mary-
land, Virginia, and other southern States, upon
this subject, could not be universally carried out,
by reason of the privilege conceded to such as
chose to avail themselves of it under the Consti-
tion. This result was forced upon Maryland by
the eastern States, in part. Those States, if no
restriction on navigation acts was imposed upon
them by the authorities, were very ready to in-
dulge any who desired an increase in the number
of their slaves; and by their aid and essential co-
operation, the ninth section of the first article
wasadopted, expressly against the remonstrances
of the State of Maryland. The celebrated Luther
Martin, of that State, who was a member of the
general convention, with gigantic powers of intel-
lect, (and no more accomplished jurist ever flour- '
ished in thisorany other country,) in hisexplana-
tions of the proceedings of the convention to his
own State, upon this very subject, to be found in
the first volume of Elliot's Debates, page 372,
| says:
" The design of this clause is to prevent the General Gov-
1 ernment from prohibiting the importation of slaves. This
i clause was the subject of a great diversity of opiuion in the
■ I convention. A committee of one member from each State
I was chosen by ballot, to take this part of the system under
their consideration. To this committee was also referred
■ the following proposition: 'No navigation act shall be passed
without the assent of two thirds of the members present in
each House;' a proposition which the staple and commer-
cial States were soticitous to retain Jest their commerce
, should be placed too much under the control of the eastern
; States, but which these last States were asanxious to reject.
This committee, of which I had also the honor to be a mem-
< ber, met and took under consideration the subjects commit-
i ted to them. i found the eastern States, notwithstanding
, their avertio* to slavery, were very willing to indulge the
southern States, at least with a temporary liberty to prose-
cute the slave-trade, provided the southern States would in
their turn gratify them, by laying no restriction on naviga-
tion acts; and, after a very little time, the committee, by
a great majority, agreed on a report by which the General
Government was to be prohibited from preventing the im-
1 portation of slaves for a limited time, and the restrictive
i clause relative to the navigation act was to be omitted. You
will perceive, sir, that the General Gf>vernment is prohib-
ited from interposing in the slave trade before the year 1808,
but that there is no provision in the Constitution that it
shall afterwards be prohibited, nor any security that such
1 prohibition will ever take place."
This is made a matter of complaint to the peo-
ple of Maryland, against the action of the east-
ern States, of which Massachusetts was then, as
now, the head.
George Mason, also, one of the most eminent
delegates to the constitutional convention, from
t^ State of Virginia, made a strong appeal
against the adoption of this clause. He said :
" This is a fatal section, which has created more dangers
than any other. The first clause allows the importation of
slaves for twenty years. Under the royal Government this
evil was looked upon as a great oppression, and many
attempts were made to prevent it, but the interest of the
African merchants prevented its prohibition. No sooner
did the Revolution take place than it was thought of. Its
exclusion has been a principal object of this State, and'
most of the States of this Union: yet, by this Constitution,
it is continued for twenty years."
And he further goes on to say: " That the
fifth article, providing for amendments, expressly
excepts this article." So that "they have done
what they ought not to have done, and left undone
what they ought to have done.—(3 Elliot, 452-'3.)
And amongst the objections he assigned for not
signing the Constitution, was, that the general
Legislature is restrained from prohibiting the
importation of slaves for twenty years (Elliot,
I vol. 1., 496.)
i Here were objections urged and relied upon,
i by these learned, patriotic, and distinguished men
| from Virginia ana Maryland; but it availed not
i against the interests and inclinations of the men
| of the East, by whose votes the section was car-
I ried. In the proceedings in the East, prepara-
! tory to the final assent to the Constitution, or to
| its rejection, many alterations and amendments
were suggested. I have not been able to discover
that any formal and distinct objection was ever
made to this clause, in the way of amendment.
The whole people at home fully indorsed the
action of their delegates. The State of Massa-
chusetts, in particular, made very grave objec-
| tions at that time, to the adoption of the Federal
! Constitution, but they were on other grounds,
as her debates will show. The noble patriotism
of her illustrious sons of that day was enabled
to surmount all these objections; and by a close
vote, the Constitution was at last adopted.
Before putting the vote, tha immortal John
Hancock, amongst other noble sentiments, thus
eloquently remarked:
" That * general system of government is indispensably
necessary to save our country from ruin, is agreed upon all
sides; that the one now to be decided upon has its defects,
all agree; but when we consider the variety of interests,
and the different habits of the men it is intended for, it
would be very singular to have an entire union of senti-
ment respecting it. The question now before you is such
as no nation on earth, without the limits of America, baa
ever had the privilege of deciding upon."
These are considerations which I beg to com-
mend , in all their comprehensive force and bearing,
to his descendants. He then put the question,
whether the convention will accept the report of
the committee, as follows:
"The convention having impartially discussed and fUlly
considered the Constitution of the United States of America,
reported to Congress by the convention of delegates from
the United States of America, nnd submitted to us by a reso-
lution of the general court of the said commonwealth, and
acknowledging with grateful hearts the goodness of the
Supreme Ruler of the Universe, in affording the people of
the United States, in the course of his providehce, an
opportunity, deliberately and peaceably, without fraud or
suspicion, of entering into an explicit and solemn compact
with each other, by assenting to and ratifying a new Con-
stitution, in order to form a more perfect union, establish
justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide forthecommon
defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the bless-
ings of liberty to themselves and their posterity—do, in the
name and behalf of the people of the commonwealth of
Massachusetts, assent to and ratify the said Constitution for
the United States of America."
Then follow recommendations of certain alter-
ations and provisions, as proposed amendments, in
none of which is any reference made to this ninth
section. The vote in the Massachusetts Con-
vention was—yeas one hundred and eighty-seven,
nays one hundred and sixty-eight; of her thir-
teen counties eight were for it and five against it
In Suffolk county the vote was—yeas thirty-four,
nays five; Essex, yeas thirty-eight, nays six;
Middlesex, yeas seventeen, nays twenty-five;
Hampshire, yeas thirty-three, nays nineteen;
Plymouth, yeas twenty-two, nays six; Barnsta-
ble, yeas seven, nays two; Bristol, yeas ten, nays
twelve; York, yeas six, nays eleven; Duke, yeas
two; Worcester, yeas eight, nays forty-three;
Cumberland, yeas ten, nays three; Lincoln, yeas
nine, nays seven; Berkshire, yeas six, nays six*
teen. On the motion for ratification being carried
and declared in the affirmative, observe how nobly
the sons of Massachusetts of that day acquiesced
in the settlement. Mr. White arose and said:
" Notwithstanding he had opposed the adoption of tha
Constitution, upon the idea that it would endanger the lib
erties of the country, yet, as a majority had seen fit to adopt
it, be should use his utmost exertions to induce his con-
stituents to live in peace under, and cheerfully submit to it."
Mr. Widgery said:
" He should return to bis constituent!, and inform then
that he had opposed the adoption of the Constitution, but
that be had been overruled, and Uial it had been cairied by
a majority of wise and understanding men."
Mr. Whiting said:
" That, although he had been opposed to the Constitu-
tion, he should support it aa much a* if he had voted for it-"
Mr. Cooly said:
"He endeavored to govern himself by the principles of
reason ; and that, as the Constitution had been agreed to
by a majority, be should endeavor to convince liis constit-
uents of the propriety of it* adoption."
Dr. Taylor also said:
" He had uniformly opposed the Constitution; that k*
found himself fairly beaten, anil expressed bis determina-
tion to go home, and endeavor to infuse a spirit of harmony
and love amongst the people."
Other gentlemen who had opposed it took sim-
ilar patriotic ground. In all these proceedings
and nigh-tonea annunciations of broad patriotism,
no war was declared against this ninth section,
or any other clause of the Constitution, bearing
upon the subject of slavery. This, they knew,
was a delicate subject, and not to be trifled with,
and, like many others, was to be adjusted upon
principles of forbearance. They also were well
aware upon what terms it had been settled; and
they certainly knew, that upon no earthly ground
could they justly accuse their southern brethren
foranypossibleaugmentationof the slave interest,
when they were aiding and assisting, through
desire to promote their own interests, in its mtro-
j duction and perpetuation. If the same sentiments
animated the men of Massachusetts of the present
day, would they enact person#! liberty bill*?
