APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLpBB.
[July 23,
34th Cong..*. 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Sapp.
Ho. of Reps.
its purposes the whole influence of the Federal
Government, 'which controls the appointment of
territorial officers, which masters the territorial
courts, which can order out the military arm of
the Government to protect it in the prosecution
of its infamous purposes, which can march a
ghalanx of foreign invaders from their slave
tates to outvote the sons of freedom, bona fide
residents on the soil, drive them from the. polls
by superior force, and which can control their
movements, allowing them only to travel about
with passes signed by some of tfiem—passes such
as they give to their slaves in the South ? Energy
and enterprise are palsied when brought into con-
tact with an institution such as that. Positive
prohibition is what is necessary. That alone
will keep free territory free. Positive prohibi-
tion is what made Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Mich-
igan, Wisconsin, and Iowa free. Will you, learn-
ing from the lessonsof the past, permit yourselves
to be deluded with the idea, that freedon will re-
sult from non-intervention by Congress, squatter
sovereignty, and the host of relative humbugs
like unto those? No; the men of the North must
shake off the shackles which have too long bound
them to that spirit of pandering to slavery prac-
ticed by the old parties. It is only by the triumph
of the Republican party that free soil will remain
free-soil. Place the administration in the hands
of the friends of freedom, and the potent lever so
long wielded by the South, Federal patronage to
Srostrate freedom, will be wrested from their
ands.
Mr. Chairman, the South cannot blame the
North for desiring to see new-born States free.
They themselves, around their own firesides,
deprecate the existence of slavery. In Ken-
tucky, previous to the formation of their last con-
stitution, many of the prominent candidates for
the convention avowed themselves emancipation-
ists. Their own great Clay, whose memory
occupies a high place in the hearts of the Amer-
ican people, was an emancipationist. He thought
that slavery was a curse to any Territory, and
in the Senate of the United States, on this very
point, he used the following emphatic language:
"I repeat it,sir, I never can, find never will, and no
earthly power will make me vote, directly or indirectly, lo
spread slavery over the Territory where it does not exist.
Never while reason has a seat in my brain—never, while
iny heart sends the vital fluid through my veins—never!"
Virginia, thirty-four years ago, that ancient
commonwealth, was agitated from each of its
extreme boundaries to its center, on the subject
of the policy of the State with reference to slavery.
I speak the truth of history when I say that her
most distinguished statesmen who were in the
Legislature in that day "were prominent and zeal-
ous advocates of emancipation. From these facts,
I judge that those men of the South saw that it
was slavery that retarded the progress of their
commonwealths, and like men, for the benefit of
future ages, they avowed themselves emancipa-
tionists. They saw that slavery was a disad-
vantage instead of a blessing. Why, then, gen-
tlemen of the South, do you ask us to spread this
blighting institution ? Why denounce us for advo-
cating the same views which you, in your discus-
sions of State policy, around your own firesides,
shut out from the penetration of the northern ear,
honestly entertain and boldly express ? We seek
but to prevent Kansas from being cursed with the
same infliction which you would gladly, years
ago, have rid yourselves of. Therefore it is
that we wish that Territory to take her rank
amongst the free States of this Confederacy.
How can you, gentlemen of the South, under-
standing, as you well do, the ruinous effects of
the institution of slavery, wish to extend the po-
litical leprosy ? In Bancroft's Miscellanies, pub-
lished by the Harpers, the blighting effect of
slavery upon the Roman Empire is depicted. He
says that " slavery threw the power and lands of
the States into the hands of a few; it crushed the
free middling classes." * * * "The code
of slavery like unto tjiat of our southern States,
except that intlome the slave could be instructed.''
* * " It prepared the way for the further
debasement of Rome by introducing an extrava-
gant luxury, and everywhere degraded public
morals by violating the sanctity of marriage.
Chastity amongst tne young men of the upper
classes became almost unknown. With the
chattel bondage, terrible vices and terrible dis-
eases set in over the whole of society. At length
despotism and submission to foreign authority was
the natural course to a society so rotten and dis-
eased." * * "The land of Italy, as begins
now to be seen in Virginia and other of the south-
ern Statesof America, was exhausted by slavery."
* * «« The fields of the Campagna were
once rich as the lands on the slopes of the Alle-
ghanies, or in the Kentucky prairie bottoms."
* * * " But the wasteful system of
cultivation by bondsmen first turned them from
fertile green fields to pastures, and left them as
they are now, solitary and miasmatic claims,
where hardly man can dwell.'' " It is a calumny,"
says Mr. Bancroft, " to charge the devastation
of Italy upon the barbarians. The large Roman
plantations tilled by slaves'labor were its ruin.
Slavery had effected the decline of the Roman
people, and had wasted the land before a Scyth-
ian or a Scandinavian had crossed the Alps."
" Slavery," continued Mr. Bancroft, "had de-
stroyed the Democracy; had destroyed the aris-
tocracy; had destroyed the Empire; and at last it
left the traces of its ruinous power deeply fur-
rowed on the face of nature itself."
This, gentlemen, is the experience of an em-
pire where slavery has had its way. It is not the
lesson of theory, but that of experience, speak-
ing volumes against the institution which blighted
Rome. Ye men of the South, read in this the
history of youfown future, unless you rid your-
selves of this nuisance! Ye men of the North,
read in it a lesson of warning, teaching you to
let no more of our Territory be prostituted to the
augmentation of an institution which but touches
to destroy, and leaves the signs of its path in the
ruins which follow it.
Mr. Chairman, why should the South object
to the State of Kansas being free ? Out of the
Louisiana Territory, of which it forms a part,
three slave States, (Louisiana, Missouri, and Ark-
ansas,) embracing an- area of one hundred and
fifty-eight thousand five hundred and seventy-
four square miles, adding six Senators to the
strength of the South in the Senate, and thirteen
Representatives to its strength in this House,
have been made, and not one free State has been
carved out of it. Is this what you call justice
to the North, to purchase territory at tne cost
of $23,000,000 out of the common Treasury,
merely for the purpose of adding to the con-
gressional strength of the slave power? Well,
sir, what has the North gained by other pur-
chases of territory? Florida, embracing an area
of fifty-nine thousand two hundred and sixty-
eight square miles, was purchased at a cost
which the war and incidental expenses made
$118,430,000—and what for, sir? To make a
slave State out of her; to give the South two
more Senators in the Senate, and one more Rep-
resentative in this House.
Again, sir, we annexed Texas, involving us in
a war with Mexico, and other expenditures,
amounting in the aggregate to $273,000,000; and
what, sir, has been done with that Territory, over
three hundred and twenty-five thousand square
miles in area? Why, sir, it has been laid at the
feet of the slave power, and has given it two
Senators and two Representatives.
And, Mr. Chairman, if we look, we will find
out of an immense surface of new territory, cost-
ing this Government near five hundred ana thirty
millions of dollars, five slave States have been
admitted, with a senatorial and representative
strength and area as follows:
Slates. Square Miles. Senators. Representatives.
1. Louisiana   41,346 2 4
2. Missouri  65,037 3 7
3. Arkansas 52,191 3 3
4. Florida  59,268 3 1
5. Texas 325,369 3 3
5 Slave States 543,369
10
16
And has the North got anything for all this ex-
penditure of blood and treasure ? Nominally she
has, sir, but in reality nothing. She has Cali-
fornia as a free State, but her congressional rep-
resentation is always pro-slavery; so that the
North has not got one iota of political strength out
of all this territory. The South has gained every-
thing—the North nothing.
Let us look at the relative strength of the two
sections in Congress.
There are sixteen free States, having a white
population of 13,600,000.
There are fifteen slave States, having a whit®
population of 6,200,000.
In the Senate, the slave States have thirty Sen-
ators, only two less than the North, which ha#
over twice as much white population.
In the House, the slave States have ninety Rep-
resentatives. Supposing the white population
was the basis of representation, the North ought
to have, according to that ratio, one hundred and
ninety-seven Representatives. Instead of that,
she has but one hundred and forty-two Represent-
atives in this bod)'', fifty-five less than she ought
to have. And how, sir, is this? Because the
Constitution wrongly gives any man in the South
who has one thousand slaves as much political
power as six hundred white men in the North—
the South being entitled to a representation for
her slaves of three fifths of their number. Thus
it is that, by the very organic law of the country,
the North is oppressed; and because we want to
use every lawful means to add to the area of free-
dom, and relieve ourselves of oppression, that
we are called sectionalism, and everything else in
the vocabulary of the slave power and the dialect
of their northern doughface allies.
1 have said, Mr. Chairman, that the white
population of the South is about six millions two
hundred thousand, and yet out of this there are
but three hundred and forty-six thousand slave-
holders; so that near six millions of that popu-
lation do not have a direct interest in slavery. Is
there any better evidence of the power of the
slaveliolding aristocracy ? Over five millions of
white population bend their knees at the Baal of
slavery—ay, sir, controlled by three hundred and
forty thousand slaveholders! If, sir, it can now
wield that influence, what will it not do if you
increase the means of exercise ?
Mr. Chairman, the men from the North who
oppose the onward march of slavery are design
nated by their opponents with all manner of
names—Black Republicans, Woolly-heads, Nig-
ger-worshipers, Abolitionists, Free-Soilers, Lib-
erty-men, &c., &c. Sir, these designations are
applied in a spirit ofopprobrium. I say to those
who use the terms, such designations do not of-
fend us. If love of freedom gives title to those
appellations,then lam either one of them, or all
of them, as you may please to call me. And no
matter what name you apply to those sons of the
North who wish rather to see the constitution
of each new State lighted by the rays of freedom
than darkened by the curse of slavery, the spirit
of freedom will inand forth in bold relief, exhibit-
ing an incentive for their action which will entitle
them to the respect of the right-thinking men of
the world.
Sir, these terms come with ill grace from those
men who hold in bondage human flesh and blood
—men who traffic in slaves. For myself, let me
be called anything rather than a negro driver,
negro trader, negro auctioneer, negro buyer, or
negro seller:
" I would not have a slave to till my ground,
To carry me, to fan me when I sleep,
And tremble when I wake, for all the wealth
That sinews bought and sold have ever earned."
Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of admitting
Kansas under the Topeka constitution. I believe
that peace can only be restored by admitting her
with her free constitution. It is useless to say
that that constitution was irregularly framed. It
was an emanation from an outraged people, who,
oppressed by the existing government, and sub-
jected to the many injuries and indignities which
, I have enumerated, convened to frame a State
j government, to relieve them of theiroppressions,
| j and afford them that protection which the tern-
I torial government did not. Nor need you urge
j that the whole people of Kansas did not take part
in initiating this new government. If they aid not,
it was their fault. It is sufficient for me to know
that a majority of the people took part in it, and
sanctioned the constitution it adopted. Nor need
you tell me that Kansas has not a sufficient pop-
' ' It is sufficient in accordance with the
ulation.
