1000
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 2j
34th Cqng....1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Valk.
Ho. op Reps.
not care whether he is from California or New
York. [Great laughter.] .
Mr. LETCHER. Your chance is bad, when
you do not know where your candidate lives!
[Renewed laughter.] .... ,
Mr. SAPP. It is not difficult to find his where-
" abouta. He rides the " mustang colt" all over
the Union.
Mr. LETCHER. Does the gentleman expect
he will ride the woolly horse into the White
House ? [Laughter.]
Mr. SAPP. He will be the next occupant of
the White House. He is a man who loves his
country And its freedom. He is a man for the
crisis; and he will be put forward to meet it. I
have done.
The northern people are pleased with the stand-
ard bearers of the Republican party. They see in
Colonel Fremont a man whose past life has been
an unbroken line of meritorious service arid
praiseworthy distinction. In him are planted
none of the insidious guiles of the professed
politician. They see him coming from the hum-
blest walks of life, shining a brilliant star in the
military and scientific constellation of his coun-
try, exploring that vast area of forests, deserts,
and wilds between the Mississippi and the Pacific,
and marking the path where man can find his
wity overland to the inviting El Dorado of the
West. They see him going through the most
hairbreadth perils for science and his country.
They see him leading a military force, and aiding
in the recovery of a then foreign province to a
free State. They see him then fighting his
libelers, who, envious of his distinction, endeavor
to drive him from the army. They see him
proudly scorning a commission tendered to him
to restore him to that service from which he had
been so unjustly ejected. They see him then
taking part in developing the Americanization of
a country, towards the absorption of which by
the United States he had contributed so much
and aiding in preventing slavery from being intro-
duced within her limits. They then see him in
the Senate as one of her two first Senators, labor-
ing assiduously to promote her interests. They
then see him retired to private life, and but re-
turning now to politics in response to the unan-
imous voice of the Republican party calling him
forth from his retirement to take the highest
place in the gift of the people. They see him a
glorious apostle in the cause of freedom; and as
the representative of that cause they will place
him in the high position for which he has been
named. As to William L. Dayton, they have
Only to recollect his career in the Senate—a
career devoted entirely to the cause of freedom
—as eloquent as the most eloquent amongst the
orators of that body; an honest man, a dignified
statesman, and an earnest anti-slaveryite.
: But why, Mr. Chairman, should I speak of men
in this contest ? Like General Washington, who
said, when going up to the polls for the last time
in his brilliant life, " I vote for measures, not
men," so do the Republicans of the country in
the next contest vote for measures, not men.
Men are mortal; principles are eternal. The one
springeth up to-day, and is cut down to-morrow;
but the great principle of freedom, for which
the Republicans are fighting, is as eternal as
Heaven itself. Freedom is that great element in
the value of which nature maketh the boy to feel
before he hath yet reached midway his road to a
majority. Freedom is what infused our revolu-
tionary fathers, and caused them to shake off the
dominion of a foreign and tyrannical power.
Freedom is the Archimedean lever which has
moved every popular outbreak crying for liberty,
and causing kings to tremble on their thrones.
It was freedom which moved the free-State men
of Kansas to meet at Topeka to form a State con-
stitution. It is that freedom forwhichthe Repub-
licans are now warring, and which will enable
them, beating down all opposition, to march tri-
umphantly to power and glory in our next presi-
dential contest. Yes, with that freedom, and
Fremont and Dayton emblazoned on the ample
folds of our national banner, we will drive the
baS« minions of slavery from their control of the
Government, and we will use its powers to build
up our nftw country, free from the taintsof sla-
very, and make America worthy of being the
north star of freedom, by which the eye of the
exile can be guided with safety to the asylum of
liberty. Let the giant heel of freedom be placed
upon the neck of the serpent of slavery,and avert,
by its genial and healthy influence, the miseries
and injuries which woula arise from the sanction
of human bondage in what is now free territory.
Then indeed we can appropriately say,
" Thou, too, sail on, O ship of State!
Sail on, O Union, strong and great:
Humanity, with all its feats,
With all the hope of future years,
Is hanging breathless on thy fete.
We know what masters laid thy keel,
What workmen wrought tliy ribs of steel;
Who made each mast, and sail, and rope,
What anvils rang, what hammers beat,
In what a forge, and what a heat,
Were shaped the anchors of thy hope."
NATIONAL POLITICS.
SPEECH OF HON. WM. W. VALK,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House op Representatives,
Jlugust 2, 1856.
The House being iu the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union,
Mr. VALK said:
Mr. Chairman: My advent into this Hall
was not accompanied by any ambitious desire to
become identified with its speaking members, or
to render myself officiously conspicuous by per-
severingly engaging in every little controversy
that might arise. I have rather preferred a quiet
performance of my duties, under the conviction
that I had better learn than presume to teach;
therefore I have not been so unfortunate as to
waste time, or to cause its useless expenditure by
making objections and otherwise embarrassing
the regular business of the House.
The first session of this Congress is soon to
terminate, and all of us will return to our people
to give an account of our stewardship. Believing
that I have been faithful to my obligations, and
desirous of placing my opinions upon record for
future reference, I presume at this time to address
the committee upon such topics as present them-
selves to my mind—not, it is true, having any re-
lation to the immediate question before us, but
by precedent and example allowed, as personally
convenient or useful. 1 mean to be plain, frank,
and as brief as possible, and desire it to be dis-
tinctly understood, that I speak not as a northern
or a southern man, but as a representative of the
United States; not as the mouth-piece of New
York politics in all its vagaries and phases, but
as the protector of the local interests of my dis-
trict, and the advocate of its rightful demands.
When in 1844 the American party of the first
district of the State of New York decided to send
me to Washington as their Representative in the
lower branch of the National Legislature, I felt
that, aside from the high honor conferred, they
had imposed upon me the most elevated duties
and responsibilities; and 1 determined, in view of
all possible consequences to myself, that nothing
should deter me from the fulfillment of those duties,
or the assumption of any hazard that a resolute
adherence to my principles might involve. I knew
perfectly well that the path I was about to follow
was encompassed with difficulties, and that to be
consistent, 1 had to face them boldly, and to en-
counter. the slanderous opposition of open and
secret enemies. I knew that at home I had the
hate of a select body of bar-room politicians; and
that here, I should not escape many trials, or be
able to steer clear of illiberal and unjust censure
from narrow-minded opponents. Results have
proved that knowledge to be correct; and the ex-
perience of eight months has demonstrated, that
at this national capital there exists a host of evils
requiring correction at the hands of a deceived
people.
I nave already addressed my constituents upon
the subject of the protracted contestin the House,
at the commencement of the session, which re-
sulted in the elevation of the Hon. Mr. Banks to
the Speakership, by what I conceive to be Dem-
ocratic management. They know, that with a
small band of lew than forty good and true men,
there was fought as gallant a battle as any re-
corded of the knights or cavaliers of old. But for
Democratic stubbornness, and the insult offered
to the Americans on the evening of the 1st De-
cember, 1855, there would have been consum-
mated the defeat of Mr. Banks, and very probably
the election of a conservative, national man.
It is to be noticed, as far as I recollect, that,
with the single exception of the " District of
Columbia bill, "there has not been brought before
the House, as yet, a measure calling out Ameri-
can votes. Legislation in the House has been
almost wholly confined to that kind bf insanity
which has no vision beyond the " horrors of
slavery,"and no language too harsh to give force
to the declarations of its victims. The business
of the country has been, in my opinion, neglected,
and eight weary months consumed in idle decla-
mation about the " wrongs of Kansas," "border
ruffians," "cruel murders," "Missouri mobs,"
"burning houses," " slave power," " southern
aggression," and all the clap-trap eloquence of a
burning zeal to vindicate the "rights of man."
Assuming to be " wise above what is written,"
and, like the Pharisees of old," not as other men
are," these philanthropic gentlemen have been
playing out their game, ana they have well nigh
won for themselves an immortality of fame.
With a majority adequate to proper or improper
legislation, with a knowledge that " peace and
domestic tranquillity" was on all sides demanded
by an excited people, and that the signs of the
times bore a threatening aspect, strongly indica-
tive of revolutionary sentiments and proceedings,
what, let me ask, sir, has been accomplished by.
the Republicans in the House of Representatives?
What have they done to stem the tide of section-
al bitterness and hate now sweeping over the
land, and menacing the very integrity of the
Union ? What measure of peace have they pro-
posed—what remedy for existing abuses ? Have
they desired to still the storm, or suppress agita-
tion ? Have they done anything to give peace
to their distracted and suffering country? Have
they done one act for truth and justice? Let the
record answer, for it will bear away into the
future a testimony blacker than the ebon-skin
that has made it. What done? Is it demanded
that their doings shall be brought out, and fully
exposed to the gaze of an insulted and inquiring
people? In short, are they traitors or honest
men? Let us see how the case stands.
Upon the assembling of the present Congress,
in December last, a diligent inquiry disclosed the
fact that more than ninety members of the House
claimed to have been elected as Americans, by
American votes. It is to be presumed that their
constituents believed them sincere, and had not a
suspicion that hypocrisy might be a ruling senti-
ment with a large proportion of their candidates.
Scarcely had the session opened, however, when
it became evident that the Americanism of over
fifty members was decidedly spurious, and that it
had been assumed as a cloak to conceal the deform-
i ities of a new-born Republicanism. These men
knew that, in the fall of 1854, the American party
j would sweep everything before it; and that their
j only hope of success was to seem to be what
, they were not. The trick was successful, and
I their ambition was gratified at the expense of
honor and veracity. Power and place had been
obtained, but at a cost fearful to the contempla-
'tion of every man whose honor does not sit easy
upon him. The struggle for the Speakership
disclosed the naked truth, and confirmed the fears
, of those who stood up to their professions, and
| felt the force and power of solemn obligations
; voluntarily a'ssumea. Reduced in numbers, but
j not in courage, the small band of National Amer-
icans did their duty unfalteringly; and to this
hour have continued steadfast in the faitn, ana
unflinchingly true to their principles.
A Speaker chosen, (and 1 honor his manliness,;
the business of the session commenced, fcsu it
was not that kind of business which was to ben-
efit the country. It was not the policy or plan of
thfe majority to restore quiet to an exasperated
people, or to calm the troubled waters of a do-
mestic strife. A presidential election was fas
approaching, and the great battle was to be fought
by unceasing agitation. • There was to be no peace
for Kansas, or any pause in the howlings for
