1856.]
APPENOTX TO THE COBTGRESSIONAX; GLOBE.
1001
34th Cong....1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Valk.
Ho. or Rets.
" liberty and freedom." Time must be frittered
away in doing nothing, and precious moments
wasted in useless discussions, and lengthy
soeeches, too frequently the everlasting curse of
an American Congress. Sectional feeling was to be
encouraged, not calmed; and the fire of sectional
discord fanned into the flame of an actual conflict
upon fearful issues. What if Washington ^tad
warned his countrymen of the very condition of
things now existing, and of the "designing men"
who have brought them to pass? What of him, or
his counsels, or his warnings ? What if his dust
were now-reanimated, and that voice were once
more heard in its affecting admonitions and ap-
peals to his now deluded fellow-citizens, would
it be heeded r They would not believe," though
one.rose from the dead." " Quern Deus vuIt per-
dere, primus dement at.
It is history, that a special committee was
appointed to proceed to Kansas, to ascertain the
actual state of affairs in that unhappy country,
and it is also history that it has returned and
made its report. There is scarcely a man in the
House who did not know, when that committee
was appointed, what, in substance, its report
would oe. They have but fulfilled a remarkable
prophecy, and added fuel to an already fierce
conflagration. Now, sir, I never doubted that
the repeal of the Missouri compromise line was
altogether unwise and inexpedient, and not called
for by any particular exigency. And, although
1 never doubted its being an unconstitutional
enactment, I would have let it remain, for good
or evil. But it has been erased; it is among the
things of the past; and as it cannot, in my opin-
ion, be restored, whatare the dictates of prudence
and patriotism? There can be but one answer,
viewing flings as they are, and that is, to go back
to the Constitution, adhere strictly to its princi-
ples, and leave the hateful subject of slavery to
the untrammeled disposal of the people. Let them
settle it in their own way, and in their own time,
without any other interference from Congress
than the "needful rules and regulations" for
the Territories, authorised by the Constitution.
There never can be peace until Congress ceases
to meddle with slavery. There never will be
harmony and quiet until agitation proves impo-
tent in giving notoriety and influence to bad men
in the public councils. I say it, and with a full
confidence of its truth, that there often are un-
scrupulous and reckless members in the National
Legislature, and that,by certain ways and means,
there are bold robberies committed, and the most
flagrant designs effectively consummated, by
which millions of dollars are lost to the Govern-
ment, and hundreds of thousands transferred to
the credit of these skillful legislators.
In the whole course of my official duties, I have
never lost sight of the fact that I am one of the
Representatives from the State of Now York, in
the lower branch of Congress. Sent here to legis-
late for the whole country, I have so endeavored
to fulfill my obligations to the people of all the
States, as to keep myself constantly reminded
that I am a citizen of the United States. To the
district from whence I come, it is, of coarse, due
that local interests be regarded and protected.
What is justly due to my constituents, and prop-
erly within the sphere of my public duties, I feel
myself bound to accomplish, as a Representative;
but I do not feel myself bound to reflect extrav-
agant or disturbing opinions, or, in other words,
to become a " nigger worshipper," here or else-
where, because there are such men at home, and
they choose to say they are my constituency.
The Americans of the first district sent me here
to represent them, and to legislate-for their prin-
ciples as national and conservative, and as adapted
to the whole people. They claimed no special
guardianship over slavery, or desired the subject
to be incorporated into their creed; still less, that
I should identify myself with it in any way, as
its advocate or denouncer. I do not, and will
not, actively meddle with it, rather preferring to
let it alone, and to leave it to the disposal of Prov-
idence, and the people in whose midst it exists.
No responsibility rests on me for its being in the
land, and none that 1 should seek to force it out
at the fearful cost the experiment is sure to in-
volve. I have no judgment to pronounce against
it, nor curses to utter upon the slaveholder.
" Who art thou that judgest another man's ser-
vant? To his own master he shall stand or fall."
It was to be expected that in certain quarters I
would be tolerably well abused and misrepre-
sented by the press at home, as to my votes in
the House, upon such questions as are decided
by the yeas and nays. As a record of my senti-
ments, there they stand ; and I would not change
one of them if 1 could. I have no political Affil-
iation with the Republicans, in or out of Congress,
and cannot indorse them, either in principle or
practice. Regarding them as a political party
dangerous to the peace of the country, and as the
advocates of doctrines not sanctioned by the past,
nor promotive of our future quiet, but rather as
disturbers of our domestic tranquillity, and inter-
medlers with other people's affairs, I can have
no fellowship with them, or act otherwise than
in opposition to them and their purposes. I have
steadily goneagainstalmostevery measure coming
from them, and especially have I resisted their
plana for the pacification of Kansas. They com-
menced early in the Session, their hue and cry
about " border ruffians," " bloodshed," " spuri-
ous Legislature ,' '&c.; and that Andrew H. Reeder
was not only the Delegate from " bleeding Kan-
sas," but that he was a martyr to his devotion
to " law and order." Next came the " Kansas
investigating committee," for which I voted,
although I felt at the time that its appointment
would give no hope of anything but a one-sided
report. The newspapers, the telegraph, letter-
writers, and returned travelers, had long been
pouring into the country all the inventive tales
of horror that an ingenious policy could suggest.
It was granted that these might, to some extent,
be true, and none ever doubted that there had
been irregularities and controlling influences ex-
ercised at the Kansas elections. But none else
than the Republicans were determined to exagger-
ate and magnify them into monstrous iniquities. The
wish was father to the thought.
I have already intimated my disapprobation of
the repeal of the Missouri compromise line, and
I am free to say here, that had a vote been mine
on the Kansas and Nebraska bill, it would have
been in the negative. My convictions have
been, and are still, that-in the act by which the
line of 36° 30' was established, an unconstitu-
tional legislative deed was done. Mr. Jefferson
said of it:
" This Missouri question, by a geographical line of divi-
sion, is the most portentous one I have ever contemplated."
Mr. Monroe declared:
" That the proposed restriction as to Territories which
are to be admitted into the Union, if not in direct violation
of the Constitution, is repugnant to its principles."
And Mr. Madison justly remarks:
" I must own that I have always leaned to the belief that
the restriction was not within the true scope of the Consti-
tution."
Declarations such as these, from such men, are
certainly entitled to our most serious considera-
tion and reflection, and they go far to prove the
wisdom and sagacity of Washington, when he
penned his " Farewell Address" to his people.
" Faction and feuds will overturn the State
Which union renders flourishing and great."
But it may be said, if the Missouri restriction
was unconstitutional, why disapprove of its re-
peal ? I answer that it had been sanctioned by
time, as far as that could give it any force; and
again, that its repeal was but too well calculated
to bring about the results that have followed.
Its establishment convulsed the country, and fear-
ful was the bitterness of sectional strife. Then
was " sown the wind," and now are we " reap-
ing the whirlwind" by its abrogation. For the
sake of peace, it had been better not to have blot-
ted out that "geographical line," and for the
same reason, I would not now vote for its restora-
tion. It can be well understood how controlling
an influence is exercised over men's minds, when
strong feeling usurps the seat of their deliberate
judgment. Passion, prejudice, and revenge, are
all infirmities of human nature, and he reads the
signs of the times but carelessly who does not
perceive the humiliating truth standing out in
bold relief all around him.
It has been charged upon the South, that the
repeal of the Missouri restriction was their act.
If you will turn to the files of the New York
Courier and Enquirer, you will see in that paper,
for July 7, 1855, the following statement:
" Since the presidential election of 1858, the South itself
has repudiated and repealed the great compromise of 1820 ;
and by so doing, laughed to scorn all that the northern
Union men urged in regard to the sacred nature of the com-
promise of 1850. They have taken from us every plea upon
which we demanded obedience to the fugitive slave law,
aud submission to the compromise of 1850, as beyond
repeal; and now, with one accord, if we would not be aa
regardless of truth and honor as those who repealed the act
of 1820, we have no alternative but to demand the imme-
diate restoration of the Missouri line, or to repudiate the
compromise of 1850.
" And this state of things is the legitimate fruit of the
dishonest and dishonorable course of the South itself, in its
shameful repeal of the Missouri compromise. In our judg-
ment, it is as certain as that we now write, that if the Mis-
souri compromise be not promptly restored, the compro-
mise of 1850 will be repudiated. Slavery will be abolished
in the District of Columbia, the internal slave trade will be
done away with, and proclamation be made that no more
slave States (not even under the Texas compromise) can
be admitted into the Union."
I shall not presume to answer a charge like1 thi?
It is not true; and as my own distinguished chief-
tain has disclosed its absurdity, let him answer;
for it is thus Mr. Fillmore speaks:
"This repeal seems to have been a Pandora's box, out
of which have issued all the political evils that now afflict
the country, scarcely leaving a hope behind; and many, I
Serceive, are ready to attribute all these to our southern
rethren. But is this just? ['No!' 'No!'] It must he
borne in mind that this measure originated with a northern
Senator, and was sustained and sanctioned by a northern
President. I do not recollect that ever a petition from a
southern State solicited this repeal; and it must be remem-
bered that when a northern Administration, with large
numbers of northern Senators and1 northern members,
offered the southern States a boon, southern members of
Congress ventured much if they refused to take it. It could
only be done by sacrificing themselves upon the altar of
their country's good; and that is certainly expecting too
much from political men in times like these. The blame,
therefore, it appears to me, with all due deference, is chiefly
chargeable to those who originated this measure; and how-
ever much we may deplore the act, it affords no just ground
for controversy with our southern brethren—certainly none
by which they should be deprived of their political lights."
If more proof be wanting, it is found in the fact,
that the original (territorial) Kansas-and Nebras-
ka bill was introduced by Mr. Dodge, of Iowa.
The Territorial Senate Committee were mostly
free-State men. The vote on the passage of the
bill was 37 yeas to 14 nays. In the affirmative
were fourteen northern Democrats; in the neg-
ative, four northern Democrats, six northern
Whigs, and two Abolitionists. Of the absentees,
three Democrats and three Whigs were in favor
of the bill. In the face of all this, and with the
record, how can it be asserted that the South
repealed the Missouri compromise, or that they
forced it upon the country " in defiance of every
principle of right and justice ?"
Let me pass on to other topics; for I wish to
speak with great plainness and frankness of im-
portant, if not serious, questions; such as are
now affecting our peace, ahd such as may, in all
probability, lead to the most disastrous con-
sequences.
The peculiar danger of the combination of
parties now forming, or actually formed, in the
free States is, that their purposes with regard to
an essential element in our polity are such as
leave no room for compromise or accommodation.
They are such as an appeal to arms alone can
settle. The bare condition of success would be
equivalent to revolution; and a revolution, too,
far beyond what took place at the time the thir-
teen colonies were severed from the mother
. country. Then the people flew to arms to avoid
a change; for the British Administration had
determined to break up their local governments,
while the people were as resolutely resolved to
maintain them. *
Now we have, sir, a northern, Free-Soil, sec-
tional party, and the doctrines it advocates in
regard to the slave States are precisely such as
Great Britain advocated in relation to the old
thirteen colonies, viz: a right to rule and control
them. Their argument is, that fifteen States
(coequaland sovereign) hold onto slavery,which
they say is contrary to the law of God, and that,
therefore, they have a right to assail and destroy
it. And when the provisions and protection of
the Constitution are appealed to, reserving this
very question to the States: and when it is said
that, as to dealing with it, there is a contract, or
compact, or agreement, or compromise entered
into Dy these States, which stands as a barrier to
