l856.] APPENDIX TO THE COflGRfiSglOIf At, ,<*LOBS.
3-1th Cong....1st Sess. River and Harbor Appropriations—Mr. Bell, of Termessee.
4003
SENATE,
descried. But who shall give the description ?
\ friend? He who is of it, and is its advocate?
No sir; ratlvr fct me have it portrayed by an
opponent ai;d a Republican, and thus avoid the
suspicion of partiality. Turning, then, to the
New York Courier and Enquirer of November 11,
5^54, let us read its description of the American
party.
Here it is:
> The Itnrll sounds. O.i ever)- breeze, north, Fouth, east,
uid west, come the death tones. The old political parties
 rf deaJ—dead beyond hope—beyond resuirection. Even
now they are • knocked atvmt the" mnzzard with a sexton's
mule,' uid * men aie playing at loggats with their bones.'
Their last days were their worst (lays, and few there be that
mourn thein.
'•A new parry is springing into life—a party still in its
endle, and yet as strong as an infant Hercules—a party
tore on American soil. Blowing with American blond, and
strenuous with an American spirit—a party that, as it grows
m stature, and knits its energies, is destined to be the deliv-
erer of our country from evil tiiues,and to serve thereafter
as lis noblest defender. It is a party which in its very youth
tvnrs, at the altar of the fathers of the Republic, eternal
allegiance to American principle—a party schooled in all the
political maxims of the great Washington's Farewell Ad-
dress, and which have taken into their inmost heart the most
earnest of his lessons that' Foreign influence is one of the
■est baneful foes of republican government'—a party that
believe in a country; that put a value upon nationality; that
'lore their own, their native land that cherish her early
iwown; that think itnot a vain thing to inherit the blood of
■oMesires—a party that have ancestral graves to look upon;
dot have ancestral toils and labors to dwelt upon ; that, in
institutions of government and institutions of religion, have
an ancestral inheritance to glory in, as well as a present
blessing to be enjoyed ; that have an ancestral glory to be
aspired with, ancestral precepts to respect, ancestral exam-
ples to imitate—a party that believe in popular enlightenment
and national justice; in order and law, in religion and i
morality; that adjure filhbusterism and all forms of unlawful 1
agression; that neither seek to interfere with the concerns
of other nations, nor will permit other nations to interfere
with oar concerns; that look upon the Federal Constitution
as the bond of the Union, and will unwaveringly hold fast to
us integrity; that recognize a sanctity in plighted faith and
abide by public compromises; that upon the great subject
of slavery pretend not to be wiser than their fathers, but
keep equally clear from the ultraism on the one side that i
sees in the institution the corner-stone of every political
and social blessing, and from the fanaticism on the other,
that would upheave it in spite of every constitutional* bar-
rier, and in disregard of all consequences—> party that |
hate violence, and pat moral influence far above material
means; that repose their confidence in the duration of our
system of Government, in the diffusion of general knowledge
and good virtuous sentiments; that recognize die undoubted
right and the bounden duty of Government to provide for
the instruction of all youth, and hold that Christian instruc-
tioa is a necessary element in all republican education; that
the Bible is not a sectarian book, and that it should not be j
proscribed in our public schools; that believe in the liberty !
•f conscience, but none the less believe in the righto of .
anudrncc; that while they would admit every man to the ,
freest enjoyment of whatever spiritual allegiance he may r
set lit to adopt, would permit the exercise of no temporal
the Atlantic or the other; that gladly welcomes the poor and {
doninion of a bierarch or a hierarchy, direct or indirect, j
by whatever name called, whether seated on this side of
the oppressed of every land ; would faithfully secure for j
them the exercise of all their natural rights, and wonld j.
treat them with all the hospitality becoming a great and
glonou* people, yet do not feel called upon It confer on
tkem franchises which they are not qualified to exercise, and
clothe thrm vsith a power they know not how to use—a party, 1
ia fine, who believe that hitman liberty is yet obliged to
repose its principal hopes on the intelligence and the vigor
•/ the Saxon race, whose spirit is the spirit of American
independence, whose genius is the genius of the ever-living
Washington.
"The old political parties have for years been carrying 1
within themselves the seeds of their own dissolution. The
opposing principles of conservatism and radicalism have
been struggling in each for the mastery, and have waged an
internecine strife. They have succeeded in maintaining
the outward forms, but have lost all essential unity and all
vital energy. Not an election has taken place within the j
last two or three years that has not wrenched their whole
structure and hastened their destruction. Each of the great
parties have radical elements and conservative elements;
and there is a far greater affinity between the two similar
kinds of elements in the opposing parties, than the two dis-
similar kinds of elements in the same party. In the nature
of things, this anomalous condition could not long continue.
'Ahou-c divided against itself, cannot stand,' is a truth
confirmed by holy writ; and it applies no less to political i
parties than to all other human associations. The difficulty
in breaking off from the old parties has been the want of a
distinct and independent plan for a new organization. Con-
servative Democracy could never effectually unite with con-
servative Whiggery as such, nor conservative Whiggery with
conservative Democracy; and yet both might enter into a
third orgaoizaton and work together most harmoniously and
effectually. Thus we have just seen, in our own State, Hard
Democrats and Silver Gray Whigs vieing in the support of a
candidate which distinctly belonged to neither. They were
not urged into the support of that candidate by the mere
force of chance circumstances, but because they saw in him
the representative of principles which challenged their
hearty concurrence. Thus it has been that such a candi-
date has received a full hundred thousand votes in this
State, and came very near the highest post in the gift of the
people. The remarkable strength which the Know Nothing
organization has acquired in every part of the country, is I
all ributahle ty its peculiar American spirit: and to its reso-
lution to preserve, unimpaired, established American princi-
ple* a< transmitted from our forefathers
Sir, is not this a faithful picture of the Amer-
ican party, a very lifelike portrait of its origin, its
aims, and national purposes ? Is it not doubly
valuable, coming as it does from one who is now
our foe? Away, then, with the foolish charge of
" proscription,and religious intolerance, darfi lan-
terns , and dark deeds. ' Such things may frighten
children—theyare beneath the contempt of men.
I have thus, Mr. Chairman, in my own way,
presented to you my views and feelings. In the
exercise of free speech, and in no spirit of boast-
ing or offense, I take my stand upon the Ameri-
can platform, determined to support it, and to do
battle for its principles, under all and any circum-
stances.
" Still hold to truth—be firm and just,
Refusing every base compliance;
Our praise within—above our trust.
And live and die in self-reliance.''
river and harbor appropriations.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN BELL,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the Senate, Jlugwt 4,1856,
On the bill for the improvement of the Mississippi River.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, said: I do not see of
what particular use the appropriation of $100,000
for the improvement of the Mississippi river ;
below the rapids can be, unless the additional j
appropriation proposed by the amendment of the i
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Geyer] be adopted.
Although there is no specific recommendation
from the Department for this additional appro-
priation, we all know that there have been numer-
ous former estimates for building the snag-boats,
and other boats necessary, for the Missouri, the
Arkansas, and the Mississippi rivers; and no
appropriation for the improvement of those rivers
can be of much value unless there be some ade-
quate provision for these boats. I should like to
know from the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, or any member of that committee,
whether, if this subject had been brought to their
notice, they would not have proposed the appro-
priation of so much as is necessary for this pur-
pose ? The $100,000 proposed by the original
bill is of no consequence, unless the additional
§126,000 proposed by the Senator from Missouri
be voted. There can be no lack of estimates,
and no lack of information, if honorable Sena-
tors really want it; but that is not the ground of
objection. The gentlemen who interpose this
objection are opposed to the whole practice and
policy of appropriations for these objeets.
The honorable Senator from Georgia has an-
nounced over and over again that there is no pre-
text in the Constitution, or in any proper and just
policy, for making any of these appropriations.
He says that the States in the Mississippi valley
are abundantly able to provide the mean? o£ trans-
porting theif own produce to market ia the cheap-
est manner, withou t taxing his constituents, or the
people of any other section of the Union for that
purpose. I do not wish to enter into the debate
on the general subject, and I will not do so; but
I I think it incumbent on those who vote for these
appropriations to take some notice of the remarks
of the Senator from Georgia, particularly where
a great work like the improvement of the Missis-
sippi river is concerned, without which I should
; feel very little interest in this whole subject,
i That is the grand trunk of internal navigation
and commercial intercourse between the States
of the great valley of the West. The rivers in
my own State are large and important, but they
cannot compare in magnitude or importance with
the great Father of Waters.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr.Toombs] insists
that we are seeking these benefits at the expense
of his own section of the Union. On what ground
can such an allegation be founded when you come
to look into it? He has charged heretofore this
whole system to be founded on local interest and
selfishness; he has denounced, it as a system of
robbery and plunder, to resist which the op-
pressed and injured sections ought even to draw
the sword if it be persisted in.
These are very strong terms. I must say that
I have beep in Congress more than twenty years,
and since 1830 I have been a consistent supporter
of appropriations for the improvement of the
great rivers of the West, and the harbors upon
the lakes; and I have never before heard so fero-
cious and unqualified a mode of warfare against
these appropriations as that which lias been
adopted at the present session. And yet we have
had—I do not say it disparagingly to gentlemen
who have engaged in this debate—the ablest men
of the country, particularly from the South, who
have been opposed to this system, engaged in
the discussion of the subject over and over again
during that long period. Since I have been a
member of Congress, I think I have heard on
this subject three or four of the ablest debates
that ever occurred in either House of Congress
on any question. Those debates were partici-
pated in by the first men of the country, ooth iu
advocacy of, and in opposition to, the system.
What is the occasion of this increased fierceness
of denunciation?—whence does it spring, and
what is the object to be accomplished by it?
As I said before, I am not going into the gen-
eral argument of this subject; but I wish to state
a few facts connected with its history. The
fathers have been appealed to, and their construc-
tion of the Constitution has been relied upon. I
say that Jefferson, Madison, and Monroe, have
all given their-Sanction to appropriations for the
Cumberland road, and for objects similar to those
in the bills now pending in the Senate—appropria-
tions for the construction of piers in the harbors
of the Atlantic which cannot be discriminated,
and I believe are not sought to be discriminated,
in principle from the appropriations made for har-
bors on the lakes. These are the illustrious
names emphatically alluded to as the republican
fathers. Every one of them sanctioned and sus-
tained the constitutional power to appropriate
money to internal improvements with no other
limitation than that the objects be national and
not local in their character; but they all denied
the power to construct roads or canals within the
States, as to do that would involve an exercise of
jurisdiction by the Federal Government within
the States not allowed by the Constitution.
Mr. Monroe not only admitted the power in
the theory to appropriate money for these ob-
jects, when of a national character, and con-
nected with the common defense, but he actually
approved a bill authorizing the Government to
take stock in the Delaware and Chesapeake canal.
Mr. Adams recognized the power to a greater
extent, and signed bills authorizing stock to be
takcji in the Dismal Swamp, Chesapeake and
Ohio, and the Louisville and Portland canals,
and this he did without going beyond the power
conceded by his predecessors. When General
Jackson came into power, there was a very gen-
i eral ferment on this subject throughout the coun-
try, and the prevalent opinion was in favor of
the power to construct roads and canals of a na-
tional character within the States; but General
Jackson, in his veto of the M^sville road hill,
took ground against the power of the Govern-
ment under the Constitution to construct works
of internal improvements within the States. He
vetoed the Maysville road bill, which proposed
to take stock in aid of its construction, on the
ground that it was clearly a local object; but he
I distinctly admitted the power to make appropri-
! ations for objects of a national character, as laid
I down by Mr. Monroe, and continued throughout
: his administration to sign bills for the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors of general and na-
tional interest, to be applied under the direction
of Government officer^ and agents.
I allude to the veto of General Jackson, not so
much to show his opinion and practice on this
j subject, for they have been alluded to heretofore
! in tne debate, but for the sentiment expressed in
his message upon another point. After alluding
to the numerous precedents for the exercise of
this power, and urging in strong terms the neces-
j sity of guarding the Constitution with sleepless
vigilance against the exercise, by Congress, of
powers not granted, he uses this language on the
subject of contested or doubtful powers:
 It is not less true, that the public good, and the nature
of our political institutions, require that individual differ-
