1006
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 31,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Sherman.
Ho. of Reps.
Speaker, to follow the gentleman from.Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] in rambling from the question
before the House. His eminent ability, as well
as my inexperience in this forum, deter me from
such an attempt. He has discussed topics to
which I will not refer—such as the fugitive slave
law, and the rights of negroes in the northern and
- southern States.
The controversy now before the House turns
upon the question whether or not the two bodies
recently assembled at Shawnee Mission was a
valid Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Kansas, elected in accordance with its organic
law. If so, then General Whitfield is entitled
to retain his seat here, and I would not vote to
deprive him of it.
It is true, there are other questions involved.
If the alleged Legislative Assembly was valid,
the election law passed by it contained uncon-
stitutional tests and qualifications, which were
intended to exclude and would have excluded
a large number, if not a majority, of the legal
voters from the polls. From the testimony of
eighteen witnesses, taken before the Kansas in-
vestigating committee, it appears that the same
organized invasion from Missouri which con-
trolled the previous elections in the Territory,
participated in the one ofOctober last, but to a less
extent. In eight election precincts, eight hundred
and fifty-two illegal votes were cast. But one
party voted, and in most cases the election law
•was utterly disregarded. The dollar tax and test
oaths were only designed to exclude a particular
class of voters; and this being done by other
means, they were generally disregarded. How
far these facts affect the election I shall not stop
to inquire. If the Legislative Assembly was
itself a usurpation, it is scarcely necessary to
inquire how far its edicts were observed.
But the gentleman from Georgia claims that
Congress has no power to make this inquiry.
There he and I entirely differ. I claim that this
is a question to be determined by Congress alone.
The Territorial Government of Kansas is a mere
creation of Congress. It owes its organization,
its existence, and its vitality, entirely to the act
of May 30,1854, known as the Kansas-Nebraska
act. Its officers are dependent upon Congress
for their salaries; if paid at all, tney are to be
paid by your appropriations. All the powers of
the territorial government are, granted, limited,
and distributed by Congress. The very exist-
ence of Kansas as a Territory proclaims its de-
pendence upon Congress; and it is only when its
people take steps to form a State government
that they exercise the least independent political
power. It is Congress that divides its govern-
ment into three departments—the executive, the
judicial, and the legislative. Two of these de-
partments are intrusted to the President; he ap-
points the Governor and the judges. They are
mere tenants at his will—he may remove them
at his pleasure. It is no figure of speech to say
he is Governor and sole judge in the Territory;
for if his deputies violate his imperial will in the
least, their fate is sealed. He is responsible for
their conduct, and should be held to a strict ac-
count for all their official acts.
The only political power conferred by Congress
upon the people of the Territory was the right to
select a Legislative Assembly, to bei«composed of
two Houses—a Council ana a House of Repre-
sentatives—to be elected at such time and places
as the Governor should appoint. This Legisla-
tive Assembly have power to pass laws, under
certain restrictions, for the government of the
Territory.' The right to vote at this election was
expressly confined to " free white males, above
the age of twenty-one years, who are actual resi-
dents of the Territory." In other words, the
actual settlers were invested with limited legisla-
tive powers, sufficient for their government and
protection while inhabitants of the Territory.
This limited power was baptized with the pleas-
ing name of "popular sovereignty;" and was
declared to be . the panacea for all sectional con-
troversy. The people of the Territory were
assured, by an express congressional declaration,
that they were perfectly free to form and regulate
their domestic institutions in their own way.
We are now told that, previous to and on the
day of election, art armed invading force from
the State of Missouri, of near five thousand men,
marched into, the Territory in military array;
that this force was divided so 'as to extend to
every council district, and every representative
district but one; that these invaders, by fraud
and force, controlled the elections, and deprived
the actual settlers of the Territory of their only
political right. This is a question of fact. To
enable you to determine it Justly and fairly you
have sent a commission of your own members
into the Territory, have caused the testimony of
three hundred and twenty-three witnesses to be
taken, and you have now before you all the
official documents relating to this election.
Mr. Speaker, so far as the facts of this contro-
versy are concerned, I do not wish to add any-
thing to the report of the committee. To that
part of it which relates to the election of the 30th
of March, and which affects the question now
before this House, I invite the severest scrutiny.
It is contained from page nine to page thirty-six
of the report, it is a bare statement of the result
of the testimony, with dates, names, and refer-
ences. Every material fact there stated is sworn
to by one or more credible witnesses, belonging
to different parties. They corroborate each other
in most of the essential facts; and where they
differ, it is easy, by a comparison and review of
the whole testimony, to ascertain the truth. I
must, say that, in my brief practice at the bar, I
never met with or read of a case, involving com-
plicated facts, where there was a more " general
consistency, with immaterial variances," in the
testimony of witnesses, than in this investigation.
This may be accounted for from the public or
historical character of the facts sworn to, their
publicity being a gutyd against perjury. And I
should not have trespassed upon the time of the
House, but for the counter-statement made by the
minority of the committee. To this J ask your
attention.
Before doing so, it is but proper for me to say,
and I do so with great pleasure, that my colleague,
[Mr. Oliver, of Missouri,] who made that state-
ment, was required to perform his duty under
circumstances of great embarrassment. His con-,
duct, and that of many of his constituents and'
personal friends, was involved in the inquiry;
and while it was his duty to aid in eliciting the
truth, it was ))ut natural for him, and his sense
of duty and honor would require him, to excuse
and palliate their acts as far as possible. This
embarrassment must have been increased by the
overwhelming character of the testimony, which
left him a cause and friends to defend, without
facts upon which to place their defense.
The report of the minority covers forty-one
printed pages; nine of the plages are devoted to
the election of 30th March. Three of these con-
tain nothing but extracts from ex parte deposi-
tions, not taken before the committee, not taken
before my colleague, but taken after we left Mis-
souri; and the first notice we had of them was
the publication of the report.
IVlr. OLIVER. I would ask the gentleman
whether the majority of the committee admitted
and put on record no testimony except that taken
before the committee }
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not recollect any case
except the testimony of H. Miles Moore.
Mr. OLIVER. Do you recollect the testimony
of Charles Robinson ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The statement made by
Moore, while he was confined, was attached to
the testimony, and shows under what circum-
stances it was taken. The rebutting statement
of Charles Robinson was taken when he was
confined in prison, and was sworn to before a
notary public. A Wyandot, by the name of
Walker, had sworn to his alleged declarations,
and he being a prisoner at Lecompton, we gave
him an opportunity to explain.
Mr. OLIVER. And H. Miles Moore—his
depositions were alsp put on record.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have already stated that.
I say again, that of the nine pages relating to the
election of 30th of March, three are mere extracts
of ex parte testimony. The residue of my col-
league's statement, not embraced in the nine
pages, relates to other matters. It is made up
chiefly of official documents, which had been pub-
lished before by the House—such as the corre-
spondence between Shannon and the President,
ex parte statements which I never saw until they
were published, and overruled testimony reduceH
to writing in form of affidavits. The ex parte tes-
timony is of three classes. The first class is the
letters of Governor Reeder to his friend, Mr. G.
R. Lowry. Now, I will state the circumstances
connected with these letters. Mr. Lowry, without
any process against him, was driven from the
Territory. Governor Reeder was also driven
from the Territory; and, as I believe, for the
mere purpose of depriving the committee of the
benefit of his local information and aid. They
left their private papers and clothes in their
trunks in the town of Lawrence, each having his
own key. When that town was sacked, their
trunks, in which were these papers, were broken
open, and the letters abstracted. A lawyer from
Atchison, fresh from the sacked town, brought
these stolen letters to the committee; but the com-
mittee refused to receive or publish them. We
refused, by so doing, to share the ignominy of a
shameless breach of the law, which in every civ-
ilized country respects the confidence of private
friendship. They are now a part of the minority
report. It is not for me to make exception to the
gentleman's publishing them, if he chooses so to
do; but they were rejected by the committee on
the ground that they were improperly obtained.
And I appeal to every gentleman of the House
whether the circumstances under which these
letters were obtained would have justified the
committee in publishing them.
Another class of these ex parte statements, em-
bodied in the statement of the minority, consists
of affidavits taken after we left the Territory, and
after we left the State of Missouri. We never
saw -them until they were produced here, as,
printed and ingrafted on the report. They were
taken when my colleague was not present, and
they appear to have been sworn to before a jus-
tice of the,peace, in Missouri. They are to be
I found from pages 1136 to 1206 of the testimony;
I but they are properly no part of it, and, as 1 will
{ show hereafter, some of them are entirely false.
A third class of the ex parte testimony relates
to the sufficiency of the houses in Pawnee to ac-
commodate the Legislature. In the early part
of our investigation, Governor Reeder proposed
to prove that there was sufficient house room in
Pawnee to accommodate the Legislature, and
that the excuse given by it for its removal was a
mere pretext. The committee, however, rejected
the evidence, as totally irrelevant and incompe-
tent, on the ground that it did not affect any ques-
tion before them; and in this decision our col-
league concurred. And yet, after we left the
Territory, we find that ex parte testimony on the
subject has been taken by the sitting Delegate,
and ingrafted on the report. This is manifestly
! unjust to Governor Reeder, and was unwarranted,
and eannot be justified.
' There Is still another class of cxparte testimony
embodied in the, statement of the minority, and
dwelt upon at great length-. It is that in regard
to the murder of Doyle and others. Now, sir,
the committee unanimously excluded all evi-
dence as to events.which took place after the.
| 19th of March, 1856, the date of our appointment;
' and the testimony in regard to these murders was
1 excluded with all the rest.
Mr. OLIVER. What do I understand the
gentleman to say in that,regard?
Mr. SHERMAN. That all evidence as to
events after the 19th March, 1856, was excluded
by the general consent of the committee.
Mn OLIVER. Will the gentleman allow roe,
here to make a statement to the House ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would prefer that my
colleague would wait until I get through, when
he will have ample time.
Mr. OLIVER. Allow me two minutes to
make a correction ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state what I know
the gentleman wishes to refer to; that a witness
of the name of Rev. Pardee Butler was examined,
and testified as to events that occurred before the
19th of March, and, by inadvertence, he also tes-
tified as to one event that occurred after that date.
No objection was made, and the attention of the
committee was not called to it. On that basis, my.
colleague claimed to have a right to put on record
