1856.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1009
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Oliver, of Missouri.
Ho. of Reps.
While my colleague, by general statements,
disputes the conclusions of the report, he does
not controvert any distinct fact or allegation con-
tained in it. The report gives facts, and sustains
them by names, dates, and references. They are
given in such detail, that, if not sustained by the
proof, it could be readily noticed. Yet no dis-
tinct fact alleged in the report is disputed; and
my colleague contents himself with a general
denial, and in this way endeavors to overthrow
the sworn testimony of hundreds of witnesses,
many of whom are Lis own friends and constitu-
ents. Thus, while admitting " that a large num-
ber of Missourians went over to the Territory on
the day of election," he says that they went
merely to prevent illegal voting by eastern emi-
grants; but he says that only a few, whose names
are given, are proven to have voted; and not as
many, in all, as there were eastern emigants who
voted illegally at Lawrence. And yet the proof
is conclusive, that no eastern emigrants voted
except at Lawrence; and of these, not over fifty
illegally, and these fifty were bona fide settlers in
the Territory, but had not selected their claims.
And it is as conclusively proven as any such fact
can be, that four thousand nine hundred and eight
residents of Missouri, who came in armed and
organized bands, with cannon, flags, guns, and
all the paraphernalia of war, voted, and their
names are found in the poll-books. No doubt
many more came, who, like my colleague, did
not vote. If mv colleague's assertion is true, I
would like to know how he will answer these
questions.
How came there to be six thousand three hun-
dred votes cast, when there were but two thou-
sand nine hundred legal voters in the Territory,
and of these less than one half voted ?
If the Missourians only went to prevent the
eastern emigrants from voting, why did they go
into every council district, and every representa-
tive district but one, when it is admitted that all
these emigrants were at Lawrence ?
Why did they marshal five thousand armed
men, merely to prevent the white males among
five hundred emigrants from voting ? for the ex-
tent of the entire eastern and northern emigra-
tion, that spring, is shown by them to be five
hundred, including women and children.
Sir, it is idle to dispute the facts in this case.
I have been astonished that gentlemen, in the face
of testimony that would convict of crime in any
court, will still deny or evade. They may ex-
cuse and palliate, they may talk about emigrant
aid societies, and congressional interference, and
all circumstances of mitigation which ingenuity
can devise, but it is too late for denial—the glar-
ing facts stand out, proven by testimony beyond
reasonable doubt, that at the first legislative elec-
tion, the first and the only opportunity of the
people of that Territory to exercise the political
power given to them, they were controlled by
non-residents.
Why, then, will gentlemen still talk to us about
popular sovereignty, and appeal to us to leave
the people of the Territory to settle the question
of slavery for themselves ? Why, sir, ever since
this controversy was reopened by the repeal of
the Missouri compromise, the settlers have only
asked that poor boon. They have again and
again, and now appeal to you for protection
against non-residents, and you deny the power of
Congress to even consider their complaints. You
refer them to the President and the judiciary;
and yet, the other day, you refused to direct the
President to take the only steps by which he can
protect them in their rights. The gentleman
from Georgia, turning to me, says, that in the
amendment to the Army bill, offered by me and
adopted by the House, we gave the President
extraordinary powers. Why, sir, he has al-
ready exercised all the powers given by that
amendment; but not for the peaceful purpose
there stated. Instead of preserving the peace
and preventing the commission of crimes dis-
graceful to the age, he has taken sides with the
invading party, and has caused the arms of the
United States to be distributed among mere par-
tisans, to be used for purposes of oppression.
The House only declares that the army and mili-
tary stores shall not be- used in that way, and I
trust it will adhere to that position. I
New Series—No. 64.
Sir, while I would take nothing from the con-
stitutional powers of the President, I would add
nothing to them. Look at his action heretofore!
Read the testimony of Governor Reeder, when
he came to Washington, and fully detailed all
the incidents of the 30th of March. Think how
the rights of that infant settlement were talked
over—chaffered with—bartered ! How a mission
to China, or another trust of equal profit and im-
portance, was discussed, as a means to induce a
resignation by Reeder! This interview between
the Governor and the President presents a pain-
ful scene, upon which I do not wish to comment.
Contrast the conduct of the President with the
Shawnee Mission Legislature and the Topeka
Legislature—the one elected by the means I nave
stated, and of which he was fully informed by
Reeder—the other a movement of citizens, and
none but citizens, of the Territory, to avoid the
evils of a base submission to wrong on the one
hand, and anarchy on the other. The one is
recognized—paid out of the national Treasury—--
and sanctioned and sustained by the military
force; the other is dispersed by this same force,
and its members harassed by groundless prose-
cutions. Sir, with all respect to the President, as
a man, I must condemn his conduct in this struggle
between the citizens of Missouri and Kansas, as
a mixture of weakness, indecision, and wrong,
unworthy his high position. He not only refused
to protect the citizens of Kansas from invasion,
but now, with the facts fully proven, he insists
upon enforcing the enactments of a Legislative
Assembly imposed by it; and, more than all, he
sustains a judiciary that has allowed all its powers
to be perverted to sustain oppression and wrong.
Judge Lecompte holds the omce of chief justice
at the pleasure of the President; and yet, in May,
1855, this man attends a bitterly partisan meet-
ing, addresses it, and sustains resolutions which
look to and lead to unlawful violence, suppress the
Bberty of speech, and prejudge the very question
which we are now told should be left to his judg-
ment. He go administers the criminal law, that
no crime is punished, if it be committed by a'pro-
slavery man—that arson, robbery, and murder
are done, and sanctioned by his officers, without
fear of punishment. He allows indictments
against houses, printing-presses, and bridges, to
be found in his court; ana then, without notice to
the owners, or trial of any kind, allows the prop-
erty to be destroyed by a mob, marshaled under
his officers. To facilitate this kind of law and
justice, and enable his officers to be present, he
adjourns his court. He revives the doctrine of
constructive treason, and under such charges
allows leading citizens of the Territory to be ar-
rested and detained in custody, and refuses the
prisoners the privilege of bail. They are charged
with treason! Treason against what? Surely
not against the Kansas-Nebraska bill! Since the
passage of that law, no man gainsays its force.
Each of these prisoners is willing to leave the
question to the people, undeterred by non-resi-
dents.
Mr. STEPHENS. I would ask the gentleman
whether he is willing to leave the question to the
people of the Territory to settle ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer that at some
other time — I do not choose to be interrupted.
To do so would draw me from my present pur-
pose, which is to show that the judiciary, as a
remedy, is utterly futile. Here is a certified copy
of the indictment, charging with treason men
who are now held in ignominious servitude, while
we are passing our days in trying the validity of
the Legislative Asssembly, wnose ac.ts they are
charged with resisting. The crime alleged against
them is, that they will not consent that a govern-
ment of force and fraud shall be substituted for
that which you provide for them. The indict-
mentdoesnot,on its face, allege a case of treason;
and, besides, it alleges facts which everybody
knows are utterly untrue. The overt act (as
lawyers call it) is laid on the 20th of May—the
day before Lawrence was sacked. On that day,
sir, Charles Robinson was in the custody of
armed men in Missouri. He was stopped with-
out warrant, while passing with his wife on a
national highway, and detained until this indict-
ment was found. No overt act, within the mean-
ing of the Constitution, is alleged. All the others
who are named in this indictment, but one, were
absent from the Territory at the time when the
treason is charged to have been committed.
Sir, there is no remedy for these wrongs, un-
less Congress administers it. It opened this
" Direftil spring
Of woes unnumbered,"
by the repeal of the Missouri compromise. It is
the governing power, and must take the respons-
ibility. If we cannot agree upon the only true
and radical remedy—the restoration of the Mis-
souri restriction—let us, at least, prevent a civil
war; let us withdraw the arms of the United
States from excited men; let us suspend the exe-
cution of laws whose validity is denied; let ua
stop the hounds of Judge Lecompte, lest our
country be disgraced by another " Campaign in
the West," so infamous in English history; and
beware lest a repetition of that historical crime
shall bring again the fate of James II. and of
Jeffreys. Take from him the power to punish
honest men for fictitious crimes.
I trust that every representative of the people
of the United States is willing to put a stop to
these evils. To do this, three things must be
done. The sitting Delegate has no just righthere.
Although I entertain feelings of much kindness
for him personally, yet 1 shall vote for his ex-
clusion, because he is the representative here of,
the force and fraud which carried the election
on the 30th of March. In the next place, the
pretended laws of Kansas ought to be declared
null and void, or repealed. And then the mili-
tia of that Territory ought.to be disarmed, and
the whole force of the Government should be
used, if necessary, to keep the peace. For God's
sake, keep the peace ! I would, if it were possi-
ble, tie down every citizen of the Territory to hi3
home, and protect him from invasion and judi-
cial oppression. The worst evil that could befall
our country is civil war; but the outrages in
Kansas cannot be continued much longer with-
out producing it. To our southern brethren I
especially appeal. In the name of southern rights,
crimes have been committed, and are being com-
mitted, which I know you cannot and do not
approve. These have excited a feeling in the
northern States that is deepening and strength-
ening daily. It may produce acts of retaliation.
You are in a minority, and, from the nature of
your institutions, your relative power is yearly
decreasing. In excusing this invasion from Mis-
souri—in attempting to hold on to an advantage
obtained by force and fraud—you are setting
an example which, in its ultimate consequences,
may trample your rights under foot. Until these
wrongs are righted, you must expect northern
men to unite to redress them. It may not be this
year; but, as sure as there is a God in heaven,
such a union will be effected; and you will gain
nothing by sustaining northern agitators in vio-
lating the compromises of your fathers.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OP HON. MORDECAI OLIVER,
of missouri,
In the House of Representatives,
July 31,1856,
On the Resolutions reported by tlie Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election Case from tbe Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri, said:
Mr. Speaker: When I came into this Houge
this morning, it was with no intention, I assure
you, sir, of submitting to the House any remarks,
either in relation to "Kansas affairs" or any-
other subject whatever; and never thought of
doing so, until I heard the (to me at least) extraor-
dinary remarks of the honorable member from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] just made to the House,
in reference to the question now pending before
us. For, sir, having been hitherto entirely will-
ing to rest the merits of this whole investigation
upon the testimony taken by the committee,
together with the majority and minority reports,
I have had no desire, at any time, of consuming
any portion of the precious time of this Mouse
by offering for its consideration any remarks upon
