1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1011
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Oliver, of Missouri.
Senate.
aware, no testimony was taken in Kansas in
regard to Reeder'selection. None anywhere, with
mv knowledge and consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say that, while
there was testimony taken in Kansas in regard to
the election of General Whitfield, there was none
taken in regard to that of Governor Reeder.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio a question or two. Did I not,
on more than one occasion, call on the committee
for the poll-books in regard to Mr. Reeder's
election ?
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of my
colleague, I will state that at Leavenworth Gen-
eral Whitfield called for these poll-books. They
were then in the possession or Governor Reeder.
I did not see them until we got to New York,
where we got copies of them.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I desire to make a state-
ment, which, if not correct, I hope the gentleman
from Ohio will contradict. When I first called
on the gentleman from Ohio for the poll-books in
regard to the disputed election, he stated they
were at Mr. ——!s, on the Neosho river; the
next time I called he stated they were taken in
the siege of Lawrence; and the next time I called,
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Howard]
stated to me, " If you expect the election of Mr.
Reeder to be examined into, you are mistaken;
you may have some other committee to do jt, but
we are not goine to do it." And now we find
the poll-books of Mr. Reeder's Topeka conven-
tion occupying three hundred and thirty-five
pages of this report.
Mr. SHERMAN. So far as the declaration
made by the chairman of the committee goes, I
can say nothing. In respect to the other state-
ment, I did inform the sitting Delegate that I sup-
posed the -poll-books were at Neosho. Governor
Reeder had gone away suddenly without our
knowledge. I did not know where the books were,
but I supposed they were with the poll-books
of the constitutional convention. I subsequently
ascertained that they were in the possession of
Governer Reeder himself. All his papers at Law-
rence were either destroyed or taken into posses-
sion by those who sacked that town. The poll-
books, however, had been left by Govepor Reeder
in New York, and we there took copies of them.
Mr. WHITFIELD. One more question, Mr.
Speaker. How did the committee get hold of
these poll-books? Did the gentleman examine
them in regard to his election, or in regard to the
Topeka convention.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a Ion? question,
but I will answer it very briefly. With regard
to the Topeka convention, we did take testimony.
Witnesses gave us full and distinct accounts of
the whole matter. Testimony was taken in New
York in relation to the election of Governor
Reeder. The sitting Delegate did examine some
witnesses; Governor Reeder did not. We took
the poll-books of that election just precisely as
we took the poll-books of all the elections in the
Territory. They were official documents. We
copied them, andpublished them as copied.
Mr. WHITFIELD. Onemoroquestian. There
is another deposition in this volume 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Delegate from Kansas
is out of order.
Mr. OLIVER. Mr. Speaker, I never had the
opportunity of seeing the poll-books of that cele-
brated election. We were first informed by the
majority of the committee that they were on the
Neosho river; then, again, that they were taken
at the siege of Lawrence; and then, again, that
they were at St. Louis. We never could come
at these poll-books until after the committee had
reached St. Louis or Detroit. Then they turned
up for the first time, as I am informed; but I never
have seen them yet.
Mr. Speaker, all this was done, as 1 believe,
only for agitation, and for the sake of achieving
a sort of triumph over the laws of the Territory,
and with a view to operate throughout the coun-
try in the coming presidential contest. Yes, sir,
they have elaborated the subject to prove that an
assemblage of law-breakers—of resisters of law—
disturbers of the public peace and of the repose
of this whole oountry, whose conduct rendered
it necessary that the militia of the country should
be called out to keep them within the bounds of
of law and order,.—that this revolutionary body of
men elected Governor Reeder to this Congress;
and the congressional committee, without the
authority of law, or the semblance of law, as
before remarked, have taken testimony with re-
gard to that disorganizing election. I protest
against their action now; I protested against it
to my colleagues upon the committee in Kansas.
I tola them that it would be setting an example
upon our part—representing, as we did, the high
authority of the American Congress—by thus
transcending our authority, and trifling with the
laws of the land, that might, in its ultimate con-
sequences, disturb the peace"of the whole Union—
that it was degrading to the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the gentleman from
Missouri allow me to explain ?
Mr. OLIVER. No, sir, not now. I cannot
be interrupted.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague on the com-
mittee is laboring under a misapprehension. I
ask him for just one moment to allow me to
explain.
Mr. OLIVER. The gentleman will pardon
me; he would not yield to me, and I cannot now.
Now, sir, we are acting upon a legal proposition.
Has there been any election in which Reeder was
elected according to law? None whatever. Then
I submit to gentlemen on the other side of the
House, whether they are willing, merely to gratify
personal ambition, to trample upon the laws by
recognizing the election of Reeder to a seat in
this House? I hope not, for the honor of mem-
. bers. I hope not, for the honor of this House.
I hope not, for the honor of the country. I hope
! not, for the respect I bear to the Constitution and
j to the laws of the land. I should be glad to
believe, even for a moment, that gentlemen upon
^he other side of the House would, for once, own
' that, in this case, the action proposed to be taken
for Governor Reeder is without authority of law.
It has been said that the movement is one
having reference to the pending presidential elec-
j tion. I would say to gentlemen, if you are so
| hard put to it to elect your candidate as to trample
! upon lawUnd upon the Constitution, and even upon
! common decency, I advise you to retire from the
1 contest, with blushing, and go back into that
obscurity to which you are soon destined to go,
by the action, at the ballot-box, of the freemen
of the nation. I have no more doubt about it
than I have of our existence here. Were I to
doubt it, I should doubt the capacity of the
American people for self-government; I should
doubt their intelligence; I should doubt their
patriotism; I should doubt the influence of the
1 teachings of those exalted patriots who were the
' founders of this Government.
Now, in view of all this, is there a man in this
. House, who has so far forgotten his allegiance to
the Constitution, who has so far forgotten his
obligations to law, as for a moment to be guilty
\ of such a monstrosity in the American Congress?
Can it be possible ? 1 cannot believe it until I see
it done, and then I shall see it with shame and
mortification, not simply out of friendship for
1 General Whitfield, but from regard to the char-
acter and dignity of the American Congress.
I I have charged that the report of the majority
of the committee treats of subjects in relation to
which they had no evidence whatever. In their
report the majority^ of the committee speak of
occurrences in the Territory during their stay in
it—of murders, robberies, larcenies, arsons, and
every other description of crime, and also of the
1 tarring and cottoning of a young man by the pro-
slavery party, at the town of Atchison. All these
; things are paraded in their report, evidently for
I no other purpose than to create excitement in the
j country, ana to poison the minds of the northern
, people against the " law and order" portion of
! the people of Kansas Territory; and all this is
done without one particle of proof to justify it,
; either as taken before the committee, or anybody
else—none whatever. Yet, after all this, the
honorable member from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
has the downright impudence to charge me with
treating of matters, in my report, unauthorized
by evidence taken before the committee.
Sir, examine my report, and it will be seen that
I am supported by the evidence in every instance.
I take no position that is not founded on law. I
draw no conclusion that the testimony will not
allow. I submit the matter for the judgment of
the House.
| _ The gentleman arraigns my report, and partic-
! ularly refers to that portion where I designate
i the report of the majority as "ex parte, one-sided,
| and partisan in its character." The charge was
deliberately made in my report. I put it there
j after mature reflection. Of course, I had no
i design of offending either of the gentlemen com-
j posing the majority. I made the statement be-
j cause I believed that it was absolutely true. I
: am sure, if gentlemen will examine it, they will
| agree with me.
I rely, the gentleman says, in regard to one or
two districts, in my report, on testimony taken
before a magistrate after the committee had left
j the Territory. The charge would imply that my
| colleagues were above any such folly; that they
; deemed it to be wrong, and would not be guilty
! of any such impropriety or irregularity. How
| stands the matter? If testimony was taken in
1 regard to the fifth and sixth districts by General
i Whitfield before magistrates after the committee
left, it was absolutely necessarylhat he should do
! so in order to secure a full and clear investigation
j of the whole subject. The witnesses whose tes-
i timony was taken before magistrates, had been
subpenaed by the committee when it was sitting
at Westport. The committee informed General
Whitfield of its intention to adjourn on a certain
day. He begged that they would not adjourn
until these witnesses were brought before them.
He told them that the subpenas were out, and
that the difficulties in the Territory alone pre-
vented the appearance of the witnesses. The day
after the committee left I believe there were twenty
or thirty witnesses that came there in obedience
to the subpenas. Before the departure of the
committee, General Whitfield protested against
their going away before they had examined these
important witnesses. They left, and then Gen-
eral Whitfield was reduced to the necessity of
taking their evidence before magistrates, or losing
it altogether. This is a plain statement of the
matter. I submit whether General Whitfield wa 
not, under the circumstances, justified in doing
what he has done ?
But the honorable member, it would seem, con-
siders it all to have been very wrong, and of
course never admitted to record any evidence not
taken before the committee; but by going to the
report of the committee, you will find that the
testimony of Charles Robinson, Governor of the
State of Kansas under the Topeka constitution,
was taken before a commissioner, and that com-
missioner, George W. Brown, the editor of the
Herald of Freedom. The gentleman does not
say a word against this evidence as not being
taken before the committee.
But again, the gentleman says, that General
Whitfield took testimony of what occurred,after
we had reached the Territory, among the people
there. This charge would seem to imply that they
did not. But they did, however. They took
evidence relative to the tarring and feathering of
Pardee Butler, an abolition, fanatical, cracked-
brain preacher. This they did against myprotest,
I taking the ground that we had no legal authority
to take any such testimony. When it was taken,
1 urged, on the same ground, that it be stricken
from the report; but in this I was overruled.
Well, sir, after we came to Westport, I learned
that there had been a horrid massacft in the Ossa-
watamie country, in the Territory, by a party of
; Abolitionists, headed by a notorious Abolitionist
| by the name of John Brown; that they had gone
to the houses of inoffensive settlers, ana murdered
them in cold blood; they tore them from wife and
i children, and put them to death with before un-
heard-of cruelties; that some had their noses and
! ears cut off, and in other respects most shock-
j ingly mangled. These things were done by Abo-
litionists—by members of tnat party on this floor
; whose sensibilities are so shocked by visions of
blood and murder. These were men of that party
in Kansas who are always setting up such a cry
to the prejudice of my people, and of the ««law
and order party" in Kansas. These were men
of that party who are eternally engaged in pick-
