1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
34th Cong ...1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Edmundson.
Ho. of Reps.
tpntion of the House much longer than I expected,
when I rose; but before resuming my seat, I beg
to remark briefly upon the stale charge, that the
repeal of the Missouri prohibition (compromise)
has produced all the ills with -which We are now
afflicted as a nation. There is, in my opinion,
no ground for the allegation. But, sir, I am well
aware that when the Kansas-Nebraska bill was
passed, a certain class of men, prophets, who have
labored to bring about the realization of their
own predictions, prophesied the most doleful re-
sults to the country from the passage of that act.
When in ordinary affairs of life, sir, a man from
malicious or other feelings, smarting under the
defeat of his own schemes, predicts that his neigh-
bor will sooner or later suffer some serious ca-
lamity, his homestead, for instance,will be burned
down, or his children be poisoned or stolen, and
the prediction becomes realized, the common sense
of the community readily—yea necessarily, asso-
ciates the prophet as the cause, with the sad effect. :
This is applicable to the prophecies in relation to 1
the consequences of the Kansas-Nebraska act. [
There is nothing in the act necessarily entailing '
all the troubles that have followed in its train. ;
Nebraska has gone on quietly and peacefully
under it, and Kansas could have done the same;
but the prophets foretold dire consequences, and
te realize the predictions they have produced the
effects we now have in the country. They have la-
bored hard to verify their own wicked prophecies.
" Faith, frantic faith, once wedded fast
To some dear falsehood, hugs it to the last."
In conclusion, sir, however much my constit-
uents may desire to see Kansas made a slave
State, upon the ordinary principles of self-preser-
vation, they will never think of interfering with
that or any other subject in Kansas Territory, only
to the end of meeting and counteracting, as here-
tofore, any unusual and extraordinary efforts of
Abolitionists to make Kansas a free State, by
their systematic exertions to colonize that Tern- !
tory with Abolitionists, for no other purpose than
to prevent the introduction of slavery into it.
Sir, let them cease this disturbing system, and
there will be no more trouble in that ill-fated Ter-
ritory in regard to the institution of slavery.
Then we shall hear of no more complaints of the
interference of the proud, indignant people of
Missouri. But if otherwise, they will stand by
their rights under the Constitution of our coun-
try, as will the whole South. God will defend
the right.
i
Note.—By request, I state that Judge John-
son, formerly of the supreme court of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, says, that he never instructed j
the people of the Territory, "that when called '
on to swear in the Territory they might swear i
to what suited them, and they would not be per- 1
jured, as there was no law in the Territory,"
that he never entertained any such sentiments,
and refers to General Whitfield to bear him tes-
timony.
ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
REMARKS OP HON. H. A. EDMUNDSON,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
July 14, 1856,
On the Resolutions reported by the select committee to
investigate the alleged assault upon Senator Sumner by
Mr. Brooks.
Mr. EDMUNDSON, by the unanimous con-
sent of the House, said:
Mr. Speaker: If the statement, which this ;
House has kindly consented that I should make,
were purely personal in its character, I feel a
proper delicacy forbids that I should say one '
word in what might be construed a defense of j
myself. Several friends, who have taken part in ;
this debate, to whom I feel deeply grateful, have ;
placed my action in connection with this matter,
upon grounds on which I might well, and perhaps ;
wisely, permit it to rest; but, sir, I feel most
sensitively upon this subject, because of the effect
it is calculated to bring to bear upon me in my ,
representative capacity. I therefore feel it to be
a duty I owe to a confiding constituency, who '
have so generously and repeatedly honored me
with their confidence, to prove, at least in this
instance, that that confidence has not been abused.
I propose also to show that this question in-
volves what should be regarded as the dearest
rights of every member of this House—the right
to protect his own honor. Convinced that my
name is very improperly brought before the
House in a resolution of censure, I deem it my
duty to explain the grounds—the sole and only
grounds upon which the majority of the special
committee raised by resolution of this House, to
investigate the matter connected with an alleged
assault, committed by the Hon. Preston S.
Brooks, of South Carolina, upon the Hon.
Charles Sumner, a Senator from Massachusetts,
have thought proper to make such us6 of my
name. I ask, as an act of justice to me, that if,
in the further course of my remarks, I do not
state fully, or fail to state accurately, the grounds
on which the said committee based their action
against me, any member of the majority who
reported this resolution, will rise in his place and
correct me. In order, therefore, that every gen-
tleman be put fully in possession of the nature
r and grounds of this proceeding, so far as I am
involved therein, I beg leave to state that it is
founded exclusively upon my own testimony
given as a witness, summoned by the chairman
of said committee, and sworn to state what I
might know of the alleged assault by Mr. Brooks
upon Mr. Sumner, and to state further what I
might have heard Mr. Brooks say in relation
thereto, previous to said assault. Supposing
that all the members of the House may not have
read my testimony, I will ask the Clerk to read it,
and request of any member of the House, if in his
opinion there is anything that requires explana-
tion so far as my individual action is concerned,
or if there is any one who supposes there is any
other information in my possession not disclosed
, by my testimony, which' he may desire to learn,—
1 I ask such person to interrogate me further, and
it will afford me great pleasure to answer fully
and frankly any such interrogatory. I have
nothing to conceal; it is my purpose to deal with
this House without concealment of any sort. I
now ask that the Clerk will read my testimony,
and hope, as an act of courtesy, that the House
will give their attention.
• The Clerk read the testimony, as follows:
" Honorable Heniy A. Edmundson, sworn :
" Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) What do you know of
the facts connected with the assault alleged to have" been
made upon Mr. Sumner, in the Senate Chamber, by the
Hon. Mr. Brooks, of South Carolina, on the 22d of May,
1856 ? and state anything you may have heard Mr. Brooks
; say in relation thereto, previous to said assault.
1 ''Answer. 1 was not present when the alleged assault Was
made. The first intimation I had that Mr. Brooks bad taken
any offense at what Mr. Sumner said, was on going into
the Senate Chamber on the second day of the speech, when
I heard a gentleman, say that Mr. Brooks liad taken excep-
tions to remarks made by Mr. Sumner, the day before, in
relation to Judge Butler, and of the State of South Caro-
lina. The morning alter Mr. Sumner closed bis speech,
while on my way to the IIou.it with some other gentlemen,
I met Mr. Brooks at the foot of the first flight of steps
approaching the Capitol. I accosted him, saying, ' You
are going the wrong way for the discharge of your duties.'
. He asked me to walk with him. I did so. He then told
ine Mr. Sumner had been very insulting to his State, and
| that he had determined to punish him, unless he made an
ample apology. We took a scat in the Capitol pounds,
I near the walk leading from the Avenue to the Capitol. He
[ said to me, ' I wish you merely to be present, and, if a
difficulty should occur, to take no part in it. Sumner may
have friends with him, and I want a friend of mine to be
with me to do me justice.' I asked him what was bis
purpose ? He replied it was to call upon Mr. Sumner for
the insulting language used towards his State, and if he did
not apologize to punish him.
" Question. About what time was this ?
" Answer. I met Mr. Brooks about ten minutes before
the time for the meeting of the House, on Wednesday morn-
ing. I remember to have heard Mr. Brooks say it was time
for southern men to stop this coarse abuse used by the Abo-
litionists against the southern people and States, and that
he should not feel tbat he was representing his State proper-
ly if he permitted such things to be said; that be learned
Mr. Sumner intended to do this thing days before he made
his speech; that he did it deliberately, and he thought he
ought to punish him for it. That is all that occurs to my
mind tbat has any relevancy to this' matter. The next
morning, when coming to the Capitol, about the time for
the House to meet, I saw Mr. Brooks sitting in the gate-
house of the Capitol grounds at the entrance from Penn-
sylvania avenue, alone. I supposed what his object was,
and stepped in. I said, you are looking out. He said he
was desirous of seeing Mr. Sumner; that he could not over-
look the insult; that lie had scarcely slept any the night be-
fore thinking of it; and that it ought to be promptly resented.
We sat there only a few moments, during which time i
learned that his purpose was to meet Mr. Sumner before he
got into the Senate Chamber; that be could see from that
position, whether he should walk or ride; if he should be in
a carriage, he (Brooks) intended to pass through the ground
and Capitol, and meet him before he reached the Senate
Chamber. I stated to him, that would be an imprudent
course; that I had no doubt Mr. Sumner was physically a
stronger man than himself, and the exertion and fatigue of
passing up so many flights of steps would render him un-
able to contend with Mr. Sumner, should a personal con-
flict take place. We walked then to the Capitol; our con-
versation, as we passed on, was in relation to other matters.
When we arrived at the door entering into the rotunda he
remarked that he was going into the Senate Chamber, and
went in that direction. I went into the House, where i
found Mr. Lindley, of Missouri, was announcing the death
of bis colleague, Mr. Miller; he was followed by Mr. Mar-
shall, of Kentucky; after which, the House adjourned.
" 1 then walked over to the Senate, and saw Mr. Brooks
standing in the lobby on the opposite side of the main aisle
from where Mr. Sumner was sitting. I seated myself, and .
heard Mr. Geyer announce the death of Mr. Miller in the
Senate. The Senate then adjourned. When I noticed Mr.
Brooks again he was occupying a seat in the Senate Cham-
ber. As I was passing near him, I asked him if he was a
Senator ? He then said to me he would stand this thing no
longer; he would send to Mr. Sumner to retire" from the
Chamber. He then got up, and went into the vestibule
outside of the Chamber with that view. I followed him,
and said, that if he sent such a message, Mr. Sumnerwould
probably send for him to come into the Senate Chamber.
He seemed to be busy at his desk directing documents, as
1 supposed ; and he would effect nothing by this, he having
previously said he did not desire to have an interview with
Mr. Sumner while ladies were present, and I knew there
still remained a lady occupying a seat in the lobby not far
from where Mr. Sumner was sitting. This is all the con-
versation that I now remember to have had with Mr. Brooks
that had any relevancy to this matter. We then .stepped
back into the Senate Chamber. 'I immediately passed on
through another door, near which I met a friend, (Senator
Johnson,) to whom I propounded the question, if there
would be any impropriety, should an altercation occur be-
tween Mr. Brooks and Mr. Sumner, of its taking place in
the Senate Chamber, the Senate having adjourned at the
time ? My recollection is, that I suggested, in the said con
versation, there seemed to me no impropriety in calling on
Mr. Sumner in the Senate, it having adjourned some time
before, and there being few persons present; the insult was
given there, and that might be looked upon as the proper
place to resent it; and further, that should a collision follow,
both parties might prefer it to take place where it would be
more private than it would probably be outside of the Cap-
itol. Here the conversation terminated, and as I turned
away from this gentleman, I heard a noise in the Senate
Chamber with exclamations of' Oh! oh !' I went back as
quickly as I could ; but when I got into the Senate Cham-
ber the whole difficulty was over. I found Mr. Sumner in
a reclining position, Mr. Morgan holding him by the arm,
saying that he was very badly hurt, and that a physician
must be procured. There was some conversation between
Mr. Brooks and Mr. Crittenden. In a short time it was
suggested that Mr. Sumner had better go into the ante-room,
and be was carried out in a leaning position.
" I saw three pieces broken off the small end of the cane.
My attention was called to them, by Mr. Brooks requesting
me to procure the head of his cane. My recollection is that
he said it was presented to him by some one from Philadel-
phia. I got a portion of the stick and gave it to Mr. Gloss-
brenner, Sergeant-at-Arms of the House, and have not
seen it since.
" Question. Do you know of any arrangement made by
! Mr. Brooks with any other member?
l " Answer. I do not think there was any such arrange
ment; for on the day of the first conversation referred to,
1 between Mr. Brooks and myself, I referred to a conversa-
tion I had with another gentleman in reference to the view
he (Mr. Brooks) took of Mr. Sumner's speech; when he
replied, Then you bave mentioned this matter to some one
else ? saying, at the same time, that he himself had men-
tioned it to no one else. I heard, in going into the Senate
Chamber whilst Mr. Sumner was speaking the second day,
• that he bad expressed some dissatisfaction with Mr. Sum-
• ner's course the first day of his speech. He repeated tome
, the words Sumner had used in relation to his State, in our
[ first conversation. I think the language he repeated that
[i Mr. Sumner had used towards South Carolina was: " Dis
; gracefully impotent during the Revolution, and rendered
still more so since on account of slavery.'
" Question, (by Mr. Cobb.) The language used in his
reported speech is, ' shamefully imbecile ?'
" Answer. I think the words repeated to me by Mr.
. Brooks were not exactly those in bis speech. I have stated
j1 that Mr. Brooks did not call on me with the view of my
1 taking any part in the matter. His design was, that i
' should know exactly what was done on the occasion. That,,
,j he stated at the time, was his main purpose in calling on'
1 me.
" Question. Your meeting with Mr. Brooks the morning
before this occurrence was accidental?
" Answer. It was.
, " Question. When Mr. Brooks requested you to be pres-
; ent, I ask you whether or not he was very explicit in stating
that it was not with the view of your taking any part in the
transaction, but simply that you would be present as a wit-
ness of what occurred ?
" Answer. That was all. He said to me,' I "want you to
take no part in this thing.' I mentioned the fact that it had
been rumored by Senator Sumner's friends that he had
armed himself in anticipation of an attack, and asked Mr.
I Brooks what preparation be had made ; for 1 had nothing
but a little briar stick. He replied: (I have nothing but
' my cane.' „ .. . ..
" Question. Do you know of his having any other,
weapon ?
