1014
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 14,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Edmundson.
Ho. of Reps.
" Answer, 1 do no;.
" Question, (by Mr. Penhiwgton.) Was the morning on
which Mr. Brooks first informed you ot his purpose in
regard to Mr. Sumner the day before the assault.
'' Answer. It was.
" Question. Was that the first intimation you had of his
purpose ?   
" Answer. It was the first direct intimation. I learned
in the Senate Chamber, the day Mr. Sumner closed his
speech, thai Mr. Brooks had taken offense at what had
been said the day before.
" Question. Did you know of his intention to punish him
then.'
" Answer. I did not. The first word he said to me on
the subject was oil the morning after Mr. Sumner had
closed liis speech. I think this was on Wednesday, and
that he closed his speech on Tuesday. The affair took
place on Thursday.
" Question. Then the first time he announced his fixed
determination to you, was on the morning previous to the
assault ?
".Answer. That was the first time I heard from.Mr.
Brooks on the subject. As I have stated, I heard Senator
Hunter state, the day before, that Mr. Brooks had com-
plained of language used on the first day of the speech. I
heard but very little of Mr. Sumner's speech, but I heard
some strong language, and remarked at the time that it was
strong language. It was said that he had been particularly
severe the day before upon Judge Butler, and that Mr.
Brooks had complained of it.
" Question. When you reached the scene of the trans-
action, you say that Mr. Sumner was already in the arms
of Mr. Morgan ?
" Answer. Mr. Morgan had hold of him. I think he had
him by the arm. They were about removing him when I
arrived in the Senate Chamber.
" Question. Then you were not anticipating an imme-
diate assault?
" Answer. I did not anticipate an immediate assault, be-
cause when I left the Chamber there was a lady in the
Chamber, and Mr. Brooks had said he would have nothing
to do with the matter in the presence of ladies. He had
expressed a desire to see Mr. Sumuer outside the Hall.
" Question. Did he intimate or express a wish that you
remain until the transaction was over ?
" Answer. He did not at that time. The only time when
he expressed any wish tome upon the subject, was the day
before, when we were sitting on the seat I have mentioned
in the Capitol grounds.
" Question. When was it that you asked him as to his
preparation !
" Answer. It was on Wednesday morning, the day before
the occurrence.
" Question. How long did you remain waiting for Mr.
Sumner on that morning ?
" Answer. I suppose about fifteen minutes. I could not
state precisely as to the time; the second morning but a
very few minutes.
" Question. Were you with Mr. Brooks "in the Senate
Chamber on that morning.'
" Answer. We parted at the rotunda of the Capitol. He
remarked that he w.as going into the Senate Chamber. I
went into the House.
" Question. Did you accompany Mr. Brooks to the Cap-
itol on Thursday morning?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I met him at the gate-house at the
foot of the Capitol grounds, a few minutes before or a few
minutes after the time of the meeting of the House—I can-
not speak precisely as to the time. The meeting was casual
altogether.
" Question. Then Mr. Brooks said nothing to you of
bis purpose on going into the Senate Chamber on that morn-
ing?
" Answer. He said nothing in the world about what his
purpose was in going to the Senate. I do not think—if
there was, I do not recollect it—that there was any reference
made to the matter in walking from the gate-house to the
Capitol. Wewere in conversation about some other matter
When we arrived at the rotunda.
" Question. Then he gave no intimation as to when he
intended to carry out his purpose ?
" Answer. None whatever.
" Question. Your subsequent meeting in the Senate was
also casual?
" Answer. It was. After the adjournment of the House,
I walked over to the Senate to hear the eulogies on Mr.
Miller. Mr. Miller was an acquaintance of mine, with whom
I had been associated in the House for a considerable time;
and I went to the Senate to hear the eulogies on him.
" Question, (by Mr. Penmhoton.) Did you know whether
or not Mr. Keitt knew of Mr. Brooks's purpose to punish
Mr. Sumner before the transaction; and if he did, how long
before; and what did he say to you about it?
" Answer. Mr. Keitt and myself never had any conver-
sation upon the subject, and I know nothing in reference to
his having any knowledge of Mr. Brooks's intentions, except
an inference that might be drawn from a single remark.
On the day the occurrence took place, I proposed to Mr.
Keitt that we should go down street, and he said, ' No, I
cannot leave till Brooks does.'
" Question. Where did that conversation occur.
t( Answer. I do not know that I can specify the precise
•cation Wihere it did occur. My recollection is that it oc-
curred in the small rotunda behind the main rotunda and
the vestibule of the Senate. That is as near as I can recol-
lect.
" Question. How long was this before the transaction oc-
curred?
" Anewer. I am not certain; but my impression is, that
it was between the adjournment of the Senate and the time
When the occurrence took place.
" Question. Did you see Mr. Keitt or have any conver-
sation with him in the Senate Chamber ?
" Answer. I had no conversation with him, other than
DM to which I have referred. I do not now recollect, and
could not state, whether 1 saw him after that conversation
or not.
" Question. Did he request you to wait.'
" Ansu-er. He did not.
" Question. State if, when you left the Senate Chamber
last, before the occurrence took place, you were preparing
to leave the Capitol, or whether you were waiting to wit-
ness an interview between Mr. Sumner and Mr. Brooks ?
" Jrroer. I did not remain at the Capitol with any defi-
nite view of witnessing an interview between Mr. Sumner
and Mr. Brooks; yet my impression was, that an interview
would take place; and that, perhaps, influenced me in re-
maining longer in and near the Senate Chamber than I
otherwise should have done. But I felt no obligation to
remain from anything that had passed between me and any
other person, and should not have hesitated to leave there,
had there been any reason influencing me to do so."
Mr. EDMUNDSON. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
do not complain of the conclusions to which the
majority of the committee have arrived in rela-
tion to the facts contained in. my deposition. I
do not say they disparaged my testimony in any
sense; on the contrary, the conclusions to which
they have arrived, and the inferences they have
drawn, are in the main correct. What I object
to and protest against is, the utter insufficiency
of the grounds, as I flatter myself I shall be able
to show, on which the committee have based this
proceeding. I shall attempt further, to show an
utter disregard of the plainest principles of justice
on the part of said committee in failing to give
me any notice that my name would be thus placed
before this House. If there is any one con-
nected with this matter, who in justice should
have received notice from the committee, it was
myself. < If the committee had intended to entrap
and throw me off my guard, they could not have
taken a more effectual course to bring about that
end than by summoning and examining me as a
witness in the very manner done in this case. I
have some knowledge of the proceedings in courts
of justice in my own State, derived from a prac-
tice of some fifteen years, and never heard in any
court, or read in any law book, of one called as a
witness against another, and upon testimony thus
elicited, to be made the foundation of a proceed-
ing even, much less the grounds of a conviction
against the witness. I presume a majority of this
House are lawyers. Will any one of them all
rise in his place and state if any such case (except
the one now before the House) ever came under
his observation ?
Again, Mr. Speaker, to show to this House
(what must have been known to every member
of the majority of this committee) what will be
manifest to any one who has paid attention
to the reading of my testimony, as well as by
the questions asked me. My mind was not di-
rected to my own conduct in reference to this
transaction. My attention was only drawn to
the alleged assault and declarations made by the
gentleman from South Carolina. Such was the
oath administered, and the questions asked me.
To this point my testimony is full. At least it
was my intention it should be so. If anything
was omitted, it was forgotten. There are one
or two immaterial points%which, from subsequent
conversation, I find were omitted, or wrongly
stated. I was mistaken in supposing that I
stepped back in the Senate Chamber with Mr.
Brooks. But, Mr. Speaker, it was my purpose
to state what I deemed important as tending to
show the facts within my knowledge, relative
to the matters properly before said committee
for their action, ana stated every such material
fact which related to this point directly or re-
motely. I refer to my testimony to show that
my answers are directly responsive to the ques-
tions propounded to me.
Then, sir, it does not lay in the mouth of the
getters up of this report and resolution, to say
that I attempted to withhold any fact calculated
to throw light on this subject, whether friend or
foe was to be affected thereby.
Now, Mr. Speaker, does it not strike you as
most singular? Yes, sir; I appeal with the
utmost confidence to that sense of justice that
pervades every honorable mind, to know whether
it does not show on the part of the authors of this
report and resolution, the grossest want of a
proper perception of the plainest principles of
justice, not to have given me notice of their in-
tention to connect my name in this matter in the
way which they have done, and more especially
> ^sfcen notice was given to all the other parties,
directly or indirectly implicated in this transac-
tion? Notice was duly served upon Mr. Brooks
and Mr. Keitt, and was even served on Mr.
Rivers, in consequence of a statement made by
Mr. Buffinton, of Massachusetts, in his testi-
mony; and in this connection I desire to say, if
an altercation had ensued between Mr. Rivers
and Mr. Sumner, Mr. Boffinton would have
been as justly censurable for not informing Mr.
Sumner, as to the language used by Mr. Rivers,
which he casually overheard, as 1 am now, on
the charges made against me. Sir, if there is a
character more contemptible in my opinion than
another, it is the common tattler, the man who
retails in public, declarations or conversations he
may casually overhear.
But, sir, more is required of me by the major-
ity of this committee. Nothing less than that I
should betray a confiding and trusting friend,
who had made me the depositary, as in this case,
of his intention to resent a gross insult to the
revolutionary history of his State, which, in the
manliness of his nature, he determined to repel.
I honored the feeling, and if I had betrayed such
confidence, there is no degradation of character so
low I should not have justly merited it. The
very last thought that would ever suggest itself
to my mind would be to turn traitor to my friend.
But the committee say I should have sought Mr.
Sumner, to whom I would also have to be intro-
duced, as I have not the honor (if it be an honor)
of a personal acquaintance, and to have disclosed
to him what Mr. Brooks said to me. Away,
dishonoring thought!—I dash it from me as some-
thing polluting. The very idea of such baseness
makes my ears tingle, and cheek to burn with
shame. But this is my condemnation in the cool
and deliberate judgment of a majority of this
special committee. I do not wonder, therefore,
that 1 was tried and condemned in secret. I con-
fess I have not the moral courage myself to have
faced the humblest man to whom I had done so
Fross an act of injustice; and I here declare that
utterly disregard the resolution of censure based
upon such grounds, to have done that which would
have secured the approval of the majority of
this committee, to wit: to play traitor to a warm-
bosomed friend, would have been nothing less
than to utterly degrade myself in my own esti-
mation, as well as in the estimation of every man
whose good opinion is worth having. I there-
fore say to the majority of said committee, I
utterly disregard your censure, but could not
tolerate your approval.
Mr. Speaker, I have no apology to offer for my
conduct; IiStand here to justify it. If the con-
demnation of the committee be approved by the
whole House, it would not change my mind for a
moment in a matter like this* If I had acted thus
treacherously, I would have forgotten the paren-
tal authority under which I was trained aftd reared
to manhood. I would have to shut my eyes to
the rules that pervade the schools of my district,
if I had turned informer on that occasion, as
required by a majority of raid committee, on a
fellow-member, and that membera warm personal
friend—one who had always treated me, and at
all times confided in me, as such; between whom
and myself there were few, if any, secrets. I
would have to turn my back on every principle
that characterizes a gentleman. It is true, Mr
Brooks did not put me under any express injunc-
tion of secrecy. Every gentleman would under-
stand what would be desired of him under such
circumstances. May I not stop and inquire, if
there is a member here so lost to honor, so utterly
depraved in character and the natural instincts
of a gentleman, who, if a similar communication
were made to him, under like circumstances,
would feel it to be his duty to divulge it to the
public ? I cannot believe there is to be found one
such monster in human shape.
Now, sir, will this House and the country be-
lieve that the report of a majority of the committee
in this case (as I shall show from the report
itself in so many words) condemns me solely
upon the grounds here stated, and recommend
that I shall receive the censure of this House?
They say in so many words, that it is right and
proper for a friend to betray his friend, and
if he fails thus to violate personal confidence and
an assault follow, to act thus, is criminal; and
