APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Edmundsm.
Ho. op Reps.
such person ought to incur the censure of the
House. These are the grounds ( occupy, and if j
the House think that in occupying these grounds
I deserve their Ktuuie, 1 stand ready to receive
, n. I would not give one snap of my finger to
trert it. It would not change my opinion of uiy
cmxiurt in the slightest degree. It would not
ihake me in mv faith for an instant. The prin-
ciples upon which I acted are too well grounded
by education and association—until they have
become a part of my very nature—to be thus
changed or eradicate*]. I never will betray eon-
ideiKe knowingly; if I know myself, Mr. Speak-
er, 1 will hokl such a condemnation in utter con-
tempt.
I will now proceed to read the summing op of
the majority of the committee, with the view of
showing that I have stated accurately the grounds
oo wluch they have based their report, and will
leave it to the House to determine whether they
approve their judgment as just and proper.
- No Mnoay has ben taken, nor are the committee
mit ot' any, which shows that any other member of the
Hihi« was either actively engaged lu the assault or designed
to commit any violence upon Mr. Sumner, nor that any
odier member knew the ' previse time irAen' or * ike place
«Ur ' Mr. Braoks mnld aMil hiiu. ft does appear, how-
ever. that the Hon. Hennr A. Edmuiubou, of \ irginia, and
the Hon. Lawrence M. Knit, at" South Carolina, member*
of the Home, bad been previously infbrmed of the purpaee
of Mr. Brooks to nasM aa assault apoa Mr. Sunnier, and
taat they anticipated tliat the tauult would take place in
or near the Senate Chamber about the time the occurrence
did take plaee. Mr. Keitt was in the Senate Chamber and
Mr. Edmundson la a room adjoining it at Uie time the attack
w*  made; and it M proved that Mr. Keitt rushed up with
a cane in a threatening manner when the bystanders at-
tested to protect Mr. Sumner from the blows of Mr.
Brook*. and that Mr. Unuubrn entered the Chamber soon
rter Mr. .Stunner Ml.
" The ooaamitte* do aot feel tbenselves j Milled in ex-
pressing the opinion apoa the testimony thai either of these
member* was a principal or accessory in the assault, but
regard their conduct in the transaction—and particularly in
aot takinf steps to prevent the perpetration of the wrong,
or to inform the Senator of his danger—as reprehensible.
Tne committee, therefore, recommend the adoption of the
following resolutions:
'• Whereas, the Senate of the United States have trans-
mitted to this House a message, complaining that Preston
8. Brooks, a Representative from the State of Sooth Caro-
lina, committed upon the person of Charles Sumner, a
Penator (Voni the >tale of Massachusetts, while seated at
has desk in the Senate Chamber, after the adjournment of
that body on the of Mar last, a violent assault, which
dnaMed bun ftora attending to his duties in the Senate, and
declaring that the said assault was a breach of the privileges
of that body: And whereas", from respect to the privileges
of the H<m«e, the j*enate have further declared that, inas-
■arh as the said Preston S. Brooks a a member of the
Home, they cannot wrest, .and, 4 Jertiori, cannot try or
pan h him for a breach of their privileges, that they cannot
pmceed further in the case than to make their complaint to
tfc  Howe, and that the power to arrest, try, and ponish,
devolves solely on tins body: And whereas, upon full in-
vestigation, it appears to this House that the said Preston
ft. Brook* has been guilty of the assault complained of by
the Senate, with most aggravated circumstance* of vio-
lence ; mat the same wa* a breach of the privileges not
oaly of the Senate, bat of the Senator assailed, and of this
Hm e,a* a coordinate branch of the legislative department
of Government, in direct violation of the Constitution of
the limed States, which declare* that Senators and Repre-
sentatives ' for any speech or debate in either House shall
aot be questioned m any other placeAnd whereas, this
Hone is of opinion thaf it has the power and ought to
pniiBb the caid Preston 8. Brooks for the said assault, not
only t* a breach of the privileges of the Senator assailed,
sad of the Senate and House, as declared by the Consti-
tstwa, bat ss sn net of disorderly behavior: And whereas,
it funber appears, from such investigation, that Henry A.
Edmundson, a Representative from the State of Virginia,
and I,awrence M. Keitt, a Representative from the State
of South Carolina, some time previous to the said assault,
were miormed that u was the purpose of the said Preston
8. Brook* to commit violence upon the person of said
Charie. Sumner, for words u ed by bim in debate, as a
Senator in the Senate, and took no measures to discourage
or prevent the same; but, on the contrary, anticipating the
commission of snch violence, were present on one or more
occasions to witness the same, as friends of the assailant:
Therefore,
" Rooked, That Preston 8. Brooks be, and he is forth-
with. expelled from this House as a Representative from
the state of Sooth Carolina.
'' Retolved, That this House hereby declare its disappro-
bation of the said set of Henry A. Edmundson and Law-
rence M. Keiu in regard to the said assault.
« LEWIS D. CAMPBELL,
" F. E. SPINNER,
"A. C. M. PENNINGTON."
Here, then, you have, from the report of the
committee themselves, the entire matter relied
upon by them, and that, too, in their own words,
as the basis of their actions upon which they have
founded the proceeding* against me. It is true,
as asserted in said report—I did not know the
precise time or place where an interview would
take place between Messrs. Brooks and Sumner,
and did not know that an assault would take place
at all. I felt assured, that unless an ample apol-
ogy was made by Mr. Sumner for the insult of-
fered to the State of South Carolina, upon a meet-
ing of the parties, then a collision would follow.
Mr. Brooks never asked my presence except in
the Capitol grounds the day before the assault
took place, as set forth in my deposition; at which
time lie told me Mr. Summer had libeled the revo-
lutionary history of his 8tate, that he was informed
Mr. Sumnkr's friends were boasting he had in-
sulted South Carolina, and waa said to be armed
ready to repel any assault that might be mads
upon him. I, too, had heard the rumor that he
was armed; hence, I asked Mr. Brooks what was
his preparation, thinking that my friend was going
into the contest on unequal terms, when he in-
formed me he had only lus ordinary walking cane.
It never was my intention to interfere in the con-
test in which Messrs. Brooks and Sumner should
alone be engaged. No third person should have
interposed to have showed foul play to either
party. When Mr. Brooks asked me to be pres-
ent, he also requested me to take no part, but to
see justice should be done him, as a mere witness
of what might occur.
Mr. Speaker, you and this House may feel well
assured that I will never consent to be present on
any occasion, when a personal rencounter is to
take place, with a view of combining with any
other person in ai^ attack on a single individual.
Man to man in such contests is my doctrine; and
if my friend is not equal to a physical conflict,
let him seek some mode of redress which will
tend to bring about equality.
But, sir, 1 must now turn more particularly to
the action of the majority of the committee, and
ask the especial attention of the House to look
the report in the face to see its own features, and
tell me if it is not a monster in deformity ? It
states that I did not know the precise time or the
Flace where the assault would be committed; that
was neither principal nor accessory, but that
I was cognizant of Mr. Brooks '  purpose, on an-
other occasion, and therefore they regard my
conduct in the transaction, and particularly (and I
wish that word " particularly, in its connection
with this report, to be particularly borne in mind
by the House in determining this question) in
not taking steps to prevent the perpetration of the
wrong, or to inform the Senator of his danger, as
reprehensible. 1 say that word " reprehensible"
should be blotted out of that report; it is a strong
word in its import, and conveys to the mind a
striking impression, that the conduct of those
which should be characterized by such a phrase,
is marked with the grossest injustice. When I
should use such a term towards a fellow-member
on this floor, empowered by this House as a
committeeman to pass my deliberate judgment on
his conduct, every feeling of justice ana magna-
nimity would restrain me from the use of such a
phrase, unless I intended to pass a severe judg-
ment upon his-actions; and never would it occur
to my mind to use the word " reprehensible" to-
wards the humblest individual, for failing to vio-
late personal confidence and friendship. As used
in this report, it does me the grossest injustice.
I will state to this House frankly what passed
in my mind in contemplating a conflict between
Messrs. Brooks and Sumner. I thought, if there
was danger, it was on the part of Mr. Brooks.
1 believed the rumor that Mr. Sumner was armed,
and would thus repel an attack made on him.
Every one who knows anything of personal con-
flicts, is aware that a stick puts a man oft* his
guard, particularly if his opponent is armed with
a pistol or bowie-knife, the weapons ordinarily
used at this day, though I never owned either in
my life, nor can I say that I am familiar with the
use of either—while it is asserted in the public
prints North that members of this House, from
that section, are perfect walking arsenals; and
one of the leading journals of that region has
labored, in a long editorial, (which paper was
sent to me, and, no doubt, other members,) to
bring about a personal conflict, which would lead
to bloodshed on this floor. I can assure this
House, and the country, that this dastardly
parade and bravado ha& not made sufficient im-
pression on my mind to resort to any such means
of protecting myself. A penknife is the only
weapon I huve about my person. I care not for,
much less fear, such men as carry these weapons,
and have themselves advertised in the public
prints aa heroes. I feel a confident assurance
' that I can protect myself against such assassins.
' Was it therefore unreasonable for me to suppose
Mr. Sumner was armed ? Is it not notorious that
a Senator from the same State goes to his seat in
the Senate Chamber with pistols in his pockets ?
.These are the very words in which he is adver-
tised in the New York Courier and Enquirer.
The fact is thus unblushingly published to the
world; and is it not also notorious that this same
gentleman habitually uses what appears to be a
walking-cane, but what is in fact a rifle in disguise ?
And the disguise is so flimsy that it nay be de-
tected by the trigger, which protrudes, which
the boys on the streets amuse themselves by
saying, " There goes the gentleman with a walk-
ing gun?" I think, Mr. Speaker, if I carried
such implements, my bosom friend should not
know the fact. I certainly would not use any
other weapon than God gave me for my protec-
tion, unless under full notice of such intention,
or under circumstances of great provocation.
I will not detain the House with a longer nar-
ration of the small part which I took in this
matter, or of the motives that influenced my
action; and will now recur to a point touched,
upon by me before, to wit: the want of notice.
If, Mr. Speaker, you will look at the. whole pro-
ceedings in this case, you will see I had no reason
to suspect that I would be implicated. When the
resolution raising this committee was moved by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] the
names of Messrs. Brooks and Keitt were em-
braced. It is true the term " others" whs used;
but upon Mr. Brooks stating at the time that no
person except himself knew of the time or place
where the assault would be committed, the
mover of the resolution at once consented to
drop the name of Mr. Keitt. I could not have
supposed, from the resolution itself, that my name
would be considered as embraced in said resolu-
tion. Manliness and fairness would demand at
the hands of the gentleman from Ohio that, if he
had contemplated embracing me at the time he
moved said resolution, he should have mentioned
my name; and certainly the fact that 1 was called
as a witness on the part of the prosecution against
Mr. Brooks was calculated only to deceive me.
I hardly supposed that I would be used as a wit-
ness, and tnen be proceeded against. If such a
supposition had entered into my mind, I certainly
would not have been a witness to have involved
myself in difficulty; neither would I have been
to exculpate myself from punishment. The com-
mittee could not have got me on either horn of
that dilemma. I should have refused to have
gone before the committee as a witness.
In answer to the summons of the chairman of
the committee, I went before them and gave my
testimony. They sent it to me for revisal. After
revising it I went before them again, and waa
further interrogated by them. Yet, with all this
opportunity, no notice was served upon me
They well knew that I had not a- suspicion tha
such use was to be made of my name. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio if he even contemplated it
at that time? Was it not an after-thought? It has
been stated in the papers of a particular party
North, no doubt witn a view of making political
capital, that there had been a combination of
southern men to beat and maltreat Mr. Sumner.
Could it have been—I do not charge it—that
the committee would lend themselves to give
color to such an accusation ? I cannot deal so
harshly as to suppose they would do so. But
what excuse is to be given for not notifying me ?
I looked upon all the members of the committee
as my personal friends—with the single excep-
tion of Mr. Spinner, with whom I had not the
Fleasure of a personal acquaintance—and of him
have nothing to say; but as to the other two
members of the majority of the committee, my
relations with them had been of the kindest char-
acter up to the time of the adoption of this report,
and particularly so with the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Pennington.] Our associations
had been more intimate than mine had been with
most of the members of this House. We had
