1016
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 34,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Presidential Election—Mr. Branch.
Ho. of Reps.
been thrown together socially; and may I not call
the gentleman 'a recollection to an occurrence ;
■which took place in the presence of the whole
committee, on the morning I went before them to
give my testimony, and ask that his conscience
may be present also, if he undertakes to answer
what I shall say? He told me at that time, that
a mutual friend, in this city, had invited us to
spend the evening with him; and he added his
request that I would be present On the occasion
to revive old associations, &c. That was on the
first day I was called before the committee. My
testimony was notthenasfull as it was afterwards
made on the cross-examination, but it embraced
all the material points. We met that night, and i
were together until twelve o'clock. The gentle-
man and myself were thrown in direct personal I
contact, and yet he never uttered a sentence or a
■word to inform me that his duty would require
him to adopt the course he has done. i
On a subsequent day the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Cobb,] my personal and political friend,
as a member of saia committee, offered a resolu-
tion to give notice to the other gentleman sup-
posed to be implicated. My name was not em-
braced, because, as he assures me, he supposed
that no proceedings would be taken against me;
and yet those gentlemen, constituting a majority
of this committee, did not see fit at the time to in-
form him or myself; when, no doubt, they had
predetermined what their action would be, that
it was proper that my name should be embraced
in said resolution of notice. Do not these facts
justify the conclusion, that the concealment was
designed on their part? The gentlemen are both
lawyers; and the gentleman from New Jersey has
shown, by his argument of this question, that he
is a well-informed lawyer, and of large experi-
ence. Will he rise in his place and state to this
House, that his learning or experience will fur-
nish a case that justifies his action as a committee-
man ? There has not been aflbrded me, even by
way of cross-examination, an opportunity of
shewing what my position is. I nave never had
a day in court, and no one knows it better than
the gentlemen who constitute the majority of this
committee.
And, now, gentlemen, in conclusion I ask you
again to look at the grounds upon which this
committee ask you to pass a resolution of cen-
sure against me, one of your equals and associ-
ates on this floor, by what a slight tenure we hold
our seats, unless we consent to occupy them
under a vote of censure. I would never make a
Eersonal friend of any man who would tell me,
y his vote or otherwise, that it was a duty to
divulge secret communications, made to me in
confidence by a friend. Why would not I have
a man of that sort for a friend ? Because he would
betray me. Who would have a friend who would
prove traitorous in the hour when a friend was
needed ? I want no such friendships, Mr. Speaker.
Arnold betrayed his country; he would have
betrayed his friend; and the man that is- not
reliable in that relation, is not to be trusted in
any of the relations of life. I would not trust
him as a husband; I would not trust him as a
father; and much less would I trust him as afriend.
In no relation of life would I confide in such a
man. That is the ground upon which censure
is sought to be fastened upon me, and I leave
to the House to carry it out, if their judgment
approves it.
Mr. DUNN. As an act of justice perhaps to
the gentleman from Virginia, if his answer shall
turn out to be as, I suppose, from what he has
said, it will be, and also as a matter of right to the
whole House, I wish to ask the gentleman a sin-
gle question, if he will answer it.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I shall be very willing
to answer it.
Mr. DUNN. My question is this: when the
gentleman was examined and made his statement,
or at any time until after the report was brought
in, had he any suspicion that it was designed to
found any censure upon his conduct ?
Mr. EDMUNDSON. None on earth. The
first intimation I had of it was given to me by a
gentleman connected with the press, who told me
that such a report had got into the papers. I told
him that I did not believe that any such thing
was intended.
Mr. DUNN. One question more. If it had
been intimated to the gentleman that his conduct
was regarded as reprehensible, would he have
desired then to state, and if so, would he have
stated that he had no purpose whatever to inter-
fere in this transaction, unless foul play had been
shown on one side ?
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I certainly would; and
I do not doubt that I could have satisfied the
minds of the committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, took the floor.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to ask the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Ohio, and that of the
House, to make a single statement in regard to
this matter. After the committee had got through
their investigation, and it was rumored in the
streets that they had agreed on their report, I
was standing on the corner of Pennsylvania av-
enue and Sixth street in company with the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Edmundson,] when
a gentleman, well known to many members of this
House as a correspondent of the public press,
came up and addressed us. In the course of con-
versation he stated that it was understood that
the committee had agreed on their report, and
that they had annexed to their report a resolution
censuring his [Mr. Edmundson's] conduct. It
evidently took my friend from Virginia entirely
by surprise, because he said he did not believe a
word of it. He spoke of his personal relations
with the chairman of the committee, the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] and with the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Pennington.]
I think it proper to mention this fact to corrob-
orate what was said by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, showing plainly that he had no intimation
of any such thing.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Will the House allow
me a single word ? I will state to the House very
frankly that I can corroborate the statement which
the gentleman from Virginia has just addressed
to the House, that he had no notice from the com-
mittee that they viewed censurably what he had
stated to have been his conduct in the transaction
referred to; and that I have felt the pressure of
the circumstances to which he has alluded in that
connection. The report of the committee was
made somewhat hurriedly. I had but little to do
with the preparation or management of the busi-
ness of the committee. It was not by my act that
Mr. Edmundbon was at all called before the com-
mittee ; nor would he have been so called, as I have
said before, if I had supposed he would inculpate
himself. It is true that our social relations had
been kind, and, so far as my feelings are con-
cerned, they are kind yet. The gentleman is
mistaken in supposing, that when we had the
social meeting to which he refers, the committee
had determined to report any recommendation of
censure as against him, or even to regard him as
worthy of censure. But I can say to him, that
I shall never allow my social friendship to stand
in the way of my public duty'.
And besides, sir, the gentleman will recollect
that on the evening when he saw fit to wait on
me, not altogether in the spirit of kindness, and
upbraided me for the part I had taken as one of
the majority of the committee, I very calmly and
kindly informed him, that so far as I was con-
cerned—although the report of the committee had
been made—he should, if he desired it, have still
an opportunity of appearing before the commit-
tee, and of justifying or explaining his conduct.
I stated to him distinctly, that if he desired it I
would see that such an opportunity was afforded
him. I have felt it my duty to make this state-
ment in justification of myself, and in answer to
the statement made by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. 1 just wish to state to
the House—what I suppose the gentleman from
Ntiw Jersey will recollect—that I said to him then
that I did not choose to avail myself of the
courtesy of the committee to ask a hearing in
my name, after the report had been made to the
House. I could hardly be expected to appeal to
that tribunal where I thought justice had been
denied me in the first place; and that I would
rather appeal to the tribunal of the House itself.
Mr. PENNINGTON. The gentleman will
recollect that he was under very considerable ex-
citement on that occasion.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I was, sir.
Mr. PENNINGTON. And you recollectvery
well, too, that it required all the forbearance on
my part that I could command to avoid a per-
sonal collision on that occasion, in my own house
and in the hearing of my family. The gentleman
will recollect, notwithstanding all this, that I told
him, on parting, to take the matter into calm con-
sideration, and when he was not under such ex-
citement, to let me hear from him further on the
subject. Perhaps the excitement of the gentle-
man was of such a degree (I will not say character)
that he cannot well remember it.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I recollect that, sir.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Then the gentleman
should not have exhibited such a feeling on this
floor.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I did not display any-
thing like feeling on this floor. I would certainly
avoid anything like personal collision with mem-
bers on this floor.
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) Further de-
bate is not in order.
THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. L. O'B. BRANCH,
of north carolina,
In the House of Representatives,
July 24,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union,
Mr. BRANCH said:
Mr. Chairman: A great and vital contest has
commenced, and is now raging before the people
of this country. If we estimate its importance
by the magnitude of the results to flow from it,
such a one has not, in my opinion, occurred
since the establishment of the Government. The
portentous flag of Black Republicanism has been
raised, and around it have rallied not only the
fanatical and political Abolitionists who profess-
edly aim at tne total abolition of negro slavery
everywhere, but also a body of men far more
dangerous, who would reach the same result by
rendering odious and proscribing the slaveholder,,
and limiting the influence and checking the growth
of those States in which negro slavery exists.
Under the folds of this flag are found those who
would refuse equal privileges to the citizens of
the different sections of the Confederacy, and who
seek to destroy the equality of the States of the
Union. The party formed of such materials, and
aiming at such objects, is, of course, and must
always remain, strictly sectional in its organiza-
tion. It has no existence out of the non-slave-
holding States. But as those States have a large
majority of Congress, and of the electoral college,
its success in getting entire control of the Govern-
ment is not at all impossible, nor, under the state
of things now existing, at all improbable. I am
no disunionist, nor alarmist. Nor is Mr. Fill-
more. But he has warned us against the election
of Fremont, and tells us that one of the conse-
quences must be a dissolution of the Union.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I think the gentle-
man from North Carolina does not correctly state
Mr. Fillmore's position. He says that, if Mr
Fremont carries out the policy of appointing none
but northern men to his Cabinet, it would cause a
dissolution of the Union.
Mr. BRANCH. My friend from Kentucky is
correct as far as he goes. But Mr. Fillmore says
Mr. Fremont would necessarily take all his high
officers from the North, and that such a course
would dissolve the Union. I understand him to
intimate very distinctly that the South ought not
to remain in the Union under such circumstances.
Against such a party, openly avowing such a
purpose, the friends of the Union and the Con-
stitution should be indissolubly united. Certainly
nothing less than the arrant folly of the mad-
man could produce division in the minority sec-
tion at such a crisis. The noble and patriotic
citizen of the North, who, scorning the dema-
gogue cry of 4*slaveocracy and "southern
domination," stands upon the Constitution and
fights for the Union, regardless of sections, en-
counters prejudices which demagogues excite
