1018
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 24,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Presidential Election—Mr. Branch.
Ho. of Reps.
himself seen many of them. Their natural effect was to
produce dissatisfaction ami revolt among the slaves, and to .
incite their wild passions to vengeance." j
He then goes on to depict the horrors of ser- '
vile insurrection j and to denounce the A.bolition~ j
ists: <
" Under the influence of the feelings excited by these
cau<e« tiie southern members of Congress reached Wash-
ington in December, 1835. Many ot them, with sorrow
and anguish of heart, declared that if the southern States
couJd not remain in the Union without having their do-
mestic peace continually disturbed by the attempts of the
Abolitionists, the great law of self-pieservation would com-
pel them to separate from the North. Immediately alter
the commencement of the session, and throughout its con-
tinuance, the Abolitionists, intent upon their object, sent
immense number of petitions to Congress for the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia, couched iu lan-
guage calculated to exasperate the southern members." (It
was under these circumstances that Mr. Fillmore wrote his
Erie letter.) What did they ask? That in the District,
ten miles square, ceded to Congress by two slaveholding
States, and surrounded by them, slavery should be abol-
ished."
He then goes on to denounce in strong lan-
guage the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia, and concludes this branch of the sub- ,
ject, as follows: |
" Impelled by these motives, the Senate, upon his mo-
tion, after the petitions had been received^ rejected the
prayer of the petitioners by a vote of thirty-four to six, and
refused to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia." *
* * " Thus stood the question on the 4th of July, 1836,
when Congress adjourned. The members of Congress i
from the slaveholding States and their constituents had a
right to expect peace. The question had been fully dis-
cussed, and deliberately decided by overwhelming majori-
ties, and the South had reason to hope that the minority
would acquiesce, at least for a season, in the will of a ma-
jority."
But Mr. Fillmore and the Abolition societies at
the North would not allow peace and quiet to the
South, but persisted in an agitation of the ques-
tion which has repeatedly brought the Union to
the brink of destruction. Where is the friend of
Mr. Fillmore who will ever again charge Mr.
Buchanan with unsoundnes^on this question ?
4. It is said Mr. Buchanan is favorable to fili-
bustering; and the manifesto of the Ostend con-
ference is cited as proving that he favors attempts
to acquire the Island of Cuba by that means. Mr.
Buchanan's letter accepting the nomination ut-
terly refutes any such charge. In it he says:
" Should I be placed in the executive chair, I shall U9e
my best exertions to cultivate peace and friendship with
all nations, believing this to be our highest policy as well
as our most imperative duty."
From a statesman of his conservative eharacter,
whose experience in the conduct of our foreign
affairs is unequaled, and whose prudence is pro-
verbial, no such declaration would be needed to
satisfy the country that in his hands its peace
and honor would oe equally safe.
The manifesto T f the Ostend conference de-
clared that the possession of the Island of Cuba
was of great importance to the commerce and the
security of this country; that our Government
ought to acquire it by purchase, if possible, and
could afford to give fur it a very high price; that
if Spain should refuse to sell it to us, it ought to
become the fixed policy of this Government, that
in no event would we permit it to pass into the
hands of a maritime Power, commanding, as it
does, the whole of our southern coasts on the
Atlantic and the Gulf, and shutting up the whole
of our Gulf States, including the mouth of the
Mississippi, in the event of war between us and
the Power possessing it. Such were the senti-
ments I avowed to my own constituents. And I
go further and say, that if Spain should attempt
to pursue such a course with the island as to
render it a dangerous neighbor to us, the great
law of self-preservation would imperatively de-
mand of us to interpose and prevent it. If there
is a party in this country entertaining different •
sentiments, I would like to hear them avowed.
Whilst Mr. Fillmore was President, the best
appointed and most formidable filibustering ex-
pedition that was ever fitted out from our shores
left the Mississippi river almost, if not quite,
without opposition from the Government. It was
that led by Lopez for the conquest of the Island
of Cuba. I do not censure Mr. Fillmore for i{.
He no doubt did all he felt justified in doing to
arrest it. He issued his proclamation warning the
adventurers that they need not expect the aid of
their Government if they met the fate they might
reasonably expect. That was doing no more than
it was strictly his duty to do, both as a faithful
President and a benevolent individual. But the
then editor of the Union, Andrew J. Donelson,
now the candidate for Vice President on the
ticket with Mr. Fillmore, thought otherwise, and
day after day, through the columns of the
Union, denounced Mr. Fillmore for " truckling
subserviency" to Spain, and for pusillanimously
abandoning American citizens to Spanish ven-
geance. Indeed* of all the violent abuse heaped
on Mr. Fillmore by Mr. Donelson, through the
Union, none was more unqualified and more bitter
than that founded on Mr. Fillmore's attempt to
suppress fillibustering.
5. It is charged that in his speech on the Inde-
pendent Treasury, Mr. Buchanan contended that
ten cents per day was sufficient wages for a labor-
ing man. It is a sufficient reply to this to say,
that no such thing is in that or any other speech
of Mr. Buchanan; and his enemies, having been
repeatedly challenged to point it out, have not
been able to do so. The whole basis of the charge
is that he advocated the Independent Treasury.
The enemies of that measure contended that it
would reduce the wages of labor; Mr. Buchanan
denied it. The measure has been the law of the
land for ten years, and experience has shown that
Mr. Buchanan was correct. The wages of labor
and prices of produce have never been so high,
nor the country so exempt from disastrous com-
mercial revulsions, as they have been under the
operation of the Independent Treasury.
6. The charge of bargain and intrigue against
Mr. Clay. Mr. Clay, in his life-time, and his
friends, including Prentice, his biographer, hav-
ing exonerated Mr. Buchanan from all that was
improper in that matter, it is too late to found on
it a new charge, at least without some new evi-
dence.
These frivolous charges are only intended, as I
, remarked just now, to excuse the Know Nothings
for dividing the South, and to draw oft" public at-
tention at the Smith from exposure brought upon
the Know Nothing party by the proceedings of
this Congress, and the verification of every charge
made by us against it last summer.
But I do not intend to be placed on the defens-
ive, nor, by any such clatter of small-arms, to
! be drawn off from the exposure of the misdeeds
| of "The Order" of this Congress. Let us briefly
I trace its origin and history.
j In the presidential election of 1852, the friends
of General Scott made the most desperate efforts
to secure the votes of the Roman Catholic and
foreign-born population of the country. General
! Scott himself wrote letters, and made speeches
throughout that portion of the country in which
they are numerous, abounding in fulsome flattery
ana disgusting adulation of those classes, and
affected a fondness for " the rich Irish brogue"
and " sweet German accent," which no pelting
storm nor howling wind could ever prevent him
from distinguishing from the coarse and vulgar
English of the native-born American. In a
speech at Cleveland he said:
"Fellow-citizens—when I say fellow-citizens i mean
native and adopted citizens as well as all who intend
to become citizens of this great and glorious country—
I thank you for the enthusiastic reaction you have given
me. [Cheers.] But there is one thing I regret in visiting
this beautiful city, and that is. the rain. X was pained that,
while I was comfortably sheltered in a covered carriage,
you should have been exposed to rain and mud.
" Fellow-citizens, 1 have thought a man could hardly dall
himself a citizen of this great country without passing over
these great lakes, of which this is justly celebrated as one
of the most beautiful of the whole West. [' You arc wel-
come here,' from an Irishman.] I hear that rich brogue—
1 love to hear it; it makes me remember noble deeds of
Irishmen, many of wlum I have led to battle and to vic-
tory. [Great cheering.]"
| If in his ardor he did not actually vituperate
the natives of the country, their exploits as sol-
diers, their virtues as citizens, ana the simple
vigor of their language, were overlooked and de-
spised, and the Irishman or German who had
" passed over these great lakes" was, inhisesti-
\ mation, a better citizen than a native of my State
j who had never seen them.
! In that celebrated letter in which he accepted
I the nomination, " with the resolutions annexed,"
j he declared that, if elected to the presidency, he
| would favor such a change in the naturalization
II laws as would " give to all foreigners the right of
citizenship who shall faithfully serve, in time of
war, one year on board of our public ships or in
our land forces," thus proposing to give to a for-
eigner, who had served one year in the Mediter-
ranean, or on the coast of Africa, or in Mexico,
who had never been in this country, nor attended
an election, and who of course had no opportu-
nity to learn anything of our laws and customs,
the full rights of citizenship. He proposed to
let such a foreigner vote the very first day his
foot ever trod on American soil. Nine tenths of
those who are now so clamorous for " Americans
to rule America" were the warm friends of Gen-
eral Scott, defended this letter from the attacks
of the Democrats, and gave to the people as
many assurances of his soundness as they now
give of the soundness of Mr. Fillmore. So much
for the foreigners in 1852.
The Roman Catholics were equally courted.
One of the reasons urged by those who are now
Know Nothings against the election of General
Pierce was, that the State in which he lived (New
Hampshire) excluded them from office. The
Louisville Journal, then one of the leading Scott
papers, and now one of the leading Know Nothing
organs, said:
" They (the American people) will not consent that the
New Hampshire Democracy, who recently voted, by an
overwhelming majority, in favor of Catholic disability to
hold office, shall have the honor to give a President to the
nation. They would greatly prefer that this honor shall
be accorded to some State not disgraced by such abominable
bigotry." .
General Pierce's friends proved that he was op-
posed to excluding Roman Catholics from office
on account of their religion, and that he had done
all he could to get the disability removed; there-
upon the same editor said:
"If that was all that General Pierce could say or do
towards relieving New Hampshire of a disgrace that causes
her to be regarded with scorn by every liberal-minded man in
the United States and in the world, we ask if he is fit to be
President?"
The constitution of North Carolina had, at one
time, like that of New Hampshire, contained a
clause excluding Catholics from holding office.
I find in the National Intelligencer of 4th Septem-
ber, 1852, a defense of Governor Graham, the
candidate for Vice President, against what was
then considered by his friends a most heinous
charge—a suspicion that he was in favor of ex-
cluding Catholics from office. I read from it as
follows:
" Governor Graham and Religious Tests.—Several
of the Democratic presses, perceiving that their candidate
for the Presidency is likely to be prejudiced by the odious
religious test in the constitution of New Hampshire, affect
to believe that Governor Graham, the Whig candidate for
Vice President, is not as tolerant as he should be, and one
of them has even gone so far as to declare that Mr. Graham
was opposed to the reform in the constitution of North
; Carolina, by which a similar restriction was abrogated."
* * * * " In an address to the people, dated June,
1833, while the election of Governor Graham was pending,
they (his friends) declared that it was a ' disgrace to any
! free people to tyrannize over the consciences of othere,'
and pronounced the obnoxious provision ' an odious restric-
tion upon conscience.'"
The article quotes, in his further defense, an
address signed by Governor Graham and others,
dated January, 1834, as follows:
" The thirty-second article of the constitution excludes
from civil office all who may deny the truth of the Protestant
religion. This has no practical effect, for the plain reason
that there is no tribunal established by the constitution to
determine a man's faith. It is an odious badge of prejudice,
'■ which the enlightened liberality of the present day should
] scorn to wear. It is an unjust imputation against the
11 Catholics of this State to attach to them any such disquali-
I fication. The patriotism, personal virtues, and ability, and
II the disinterested public services of a single individual in the
! | State, brand with falsehood the idle fears that are implied
11 by this paper restriction. How far it is consistent with the
spirit of Protestantism itself—how far it is compatible with
the bill of rights, which declares c that all men have a nat-
ural and inalienable right to worship God according to the
dictates of their own conscience,' we leave to that bigotry
which would perpetuate this stigma."
Up to this period Catholics and foreigners were
in high favor. In two years from that time we
find these same persons swearing voters, on the
Holy Bible, to exclude from all offices all Roman
Catholics, and even those having Roman j-*th-
olic wives or parents; inflicting on the rebellioffs
member who should vote for a Catholic, or con-
tinue one in office under him," cruel and unusual
punishments," such as the Constitution forbids
the courts to inflict, and such as no humane jury-
man would prescribe for a thief or a robber; post-
