1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1019
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Presidential Election—Mr. Branch.
Ho. op Reps.
in" him from council to council as a liar and a
traitor, as a dangerous and outlawed runaway
negro would be posted from cross-road to cross-
road; demanding of every true and faithful
"brother" to shun and despise him, and to use
every possible effort to reduce him and his family
to beggary and starvation.
The foreigners and Roman Catholics refused to
take the bait held out to them, and, as was alleged
by General Scott's friends, generally voted for
General Pierce — thus proving that, as a class,
they are not so easily auped by politicians and
misled by demagogues as the Know Nothings
allege.
Having wooed warmly, General Scott's friends
hated intensely the classes who had thus, inno-
cently on their part, been made the object of so
much lust. The same individuals who had endeav-
ored, two years before, to bring about such a
change in the naturalization law as to permit a
foreigner to be naturalized on one year's service
in the Army or Navy, proposed, in 1854, that no
foreigner should ever be permitted to vote. And
those who, in 1852, had contended that General
Pierce ought not to be elected President, because
his State retained in its constitution a clause
excluding Catholics ffom office, endeavored, in
1854, with just as much appearance of sincerity,
to convince the people that to permit Catholics
to hold office was in effect to place the country
under the dominion of the Pope of Rome.
Such was the origin of the party; and there is
too much reason to believe that it arose more
from spite and disappointment, than from solici-
tude about our institutions or our religion.
The party sprang up in the North just pre-
vious to the passage of the Kansas and Nebraska
bill in May, 1854. In the midst of the excite-
ment produced by the passage of that bill, the
elections for members of the present House took
place; and availing itself thereof, it defeated the
Democratic party in every northern State. Of
the one hundred and forty-three members of this
House from the North, ninety-one were elected
as Know Nothings; and of these ninety-one,
seventy-five voted for Mr. Bakes, also a Know
Nothing, for Speaker. Every Black Republican
voted with them; not a single Democrat voted
for him. A list of the names having been read
on this floor in April last, by my friend from
Tennessee, [Mr. Smith,] and properly corrected,
I will append it to my printed speech as authen-
tic.*
On the 26th January, the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Dunn,] now at the head of the Fill-
more electoral ticket in that State, introduced into
this House the following resolution, which, it
will be observed, goes further than the Black-
Republican platform:
" Resolved, That said restriction (the Missouri compro-
mise) ought to be restored, as an act of justice to all the
'Extract from the rpeech of Hon. Samuel Jl. Smith, of Ten-
nessee, delivered in the House of Representatives, April 4,
18j6. I
" Now, who, I ask, were those who elected that gentle-
m&n, [Mr. Barks ?] I have before me the names of seventy-
five members, elected at Know Nothing«, who voted for the
gentleman from Massachusetts for Speaker. On the final
ballot it will thus be seen that, of tbqse elected to this
House by the Know Nothings, or Americans, seventy-five
voted for the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
for Speaker; and tbat gentlemen may examine the classifi-
cation 1 have made and correct any error that may be in it.
I give the names as follows:
" Know Nothings, or Americans, voting for Sank* on the
final ballot:
"' Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bennett of
New York, Bingham, Bishop, Bradshaw, Buffinton, Burlin-
game, Campbell of Pennsylvania, Campbell of Ohio, Chaf
fee, Clark of" Connecticut, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Co-
vode, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Flagler, Gallo-
way, Grow, Hall, Harlan, Holloway, llowird, King,Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel,Letter, Mace, Matteson,
McCarty, Miller of New York, Morrill, Norton, Pearce,
Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pike, Purviance, Ritchie, Rob-
bins, Roberts, Robison, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Stanton,
Stranaban, Tappan, Tlionngton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Tyson, Walbridge, Waldrou, Watson, Welch, Wood, and
Woodruff.
" To the first list must be added the name of Mr. Speaker
Banks, who, it is well known, was the champion of the
Order in this House during the Thirty-Third Congress. The
Speaker of this House, at his election, received the votes
of seventy-five members who were elected by the Know-
Nothings, and twenty-eight who were elected by the Aboli-
tionists, or Republicans, and did not receive the vote of a
single member of the Democratic party."
| people of the United States, as a proper vindication of the
| wisdom, patriotism, and plighted honor of the great states-
! men who imposed it, and as a necessary and certain means
| of reviving that concord and harmony among the States of
j the American Union which are essential to the welfare of
\ our people, and the perpetuity of our institutions."
i On this resolution, every Democrat in the
House voted " No." Only three northern Know
Nothings voted against it—eighty-eight of them,
with all the Black Republicans, voting for it, or
absent.
On the bill to admit Kansas into the Union on
the revolutionary Topeka constitution, got up by
the Free-Soil party in that Territory, the vote
was about the same. All the Black Republicans,
and all the northern Know Nothings, except
seven, voting for its admission; and all the Dem-
ocrats, except one, voting against it.
It was known to well-informed persons at the
South, at the time these individuals were elected
to Congress, that they were Free-Soilers, and
that on Free-Soil principles they had defeated
sound national Democrats. But the elections
were pending in the South; and the fact was
boldly and unblushingly denied by the Know
Nothings, in the full trust that the rottenness of
their associates could not be exposed until it was
too late to affect our elections. I happen to have
; before me the North Carolina Star, the news-
paper organ of " The Order" in my State, for
I March 17, 1855, in which I find the following
I editorial:
' "New Hampshire Election—An election was held in
New Hampshire, on the 13th, for Governor, members of the
Legislature, Congress, &c., and, from the returns already
received, there is no doubt of the entire success of tb^
American party.
" Of the members of the Legislature, the Know Nothings
have elected one hundred and twenty-three, the Democrats
twenty-nine, and the Whigs three, so far as heard from.
All the Know Nothing members of Congress are said to be
elected. Remember this is Mr. Pierce's State, and may,
therefore, be regarded as an abandonment of the firm of
Pierce, Forney, Seward, & Co. This American victory
occurred on the same day the Virginia American candidate
was nominated. The former may be taken as a precarsor
of the result of the latter."
The members of this House whose election
was thus greeted in a southern State, are among
the most unwavering of the Free-Soil majority;
and the next thing we heard of that glorious
Know Nothing Legislature was, that it had elect-
, ed John P. Hale, and another like him, to the
United States Senate.
Such were the means resorted to to blind the
people of the South to the appalling dangers into
which Know Nothingism was precipitating the
country, and the South in particu^ir. Is not the
charge, made last summer, that the triumph of
Know Nothingism at the North was the triumph
of Abolitionism,' fully proven by every test vote
yet taken in this House ? And " the end is not
yet." Day by day the country is being precip-
itated towards revolution by the blind and frenzied
Free-Soil fanaticism of the Know Nothing ma-
jority of this House. Even now we are threat-
ened with a consummation of the fell purpose to
paralyze the Government of the country by re-
fusing supplies to carry it on, unless the Dem-
ocratic Senate and Democratic President will
permit this House to dictate legislation incom-
patible with the peace of the country, if not
j destructive of the Union. The gentleman from
j Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] who stands at the head of
| the Fillmore electoral ticket of his State, openly
! proclaims that he will never agree to appropriate
j a dollar to carry on the Government, unless it is
i coupled with the restoration of the Missouri
1 restriction. It will not be forgotten how boldly
it was denied last summer, and with what assur-
ance it was declared by the initiated, that a third
degree Know Nothing could not be an Aboli-
tionist.
" The Order" having proved so potent a lever
at the North for raising into power the broken-
; down politicians of a defeated party, it was seized
on at the South as a means of performing the
same office for a large number of aspirants, who,
under every other name, had been rejected by the
people of that section. It came silently and se-
cretly; and until long after its establishment, and
its lodges had been organized in every county,
and in almost every neighborhood, we were igno-
rant of its existence among us. I, myself, at the
moment it was achieving, and until long after it
had achieved the exploits at the North which
filled this House with Abolitionists, entertained
no more suspicion of its existence in our midst
than I have at this moment that Massachusetts
emigrant aid societies are established in the city
of my residence. It not only came secretly, but
it came under the guise of an association, no way-
interfering in politics, except to prevent a repeti-
tion of the discreditable scenes to which I nave
alluded, as having occurred in 1852. Its friends
professed to eschew all offices and promotion for
themselves; denounced " the wild hunt after of-
fice, which characterizes the age," and bewailed
" the purer days of the Republic, when office
sought the man, and not man the office." Such
professions of moderation and disinterestedness
disarmed suspicion. Thousands joined it who
withdrew on ascertaining that, whilst the pretext
was to keep foreigners and Roman Catholics out
of office, the real object was to keep out Demo-
crats; and that whilst ostensibly declining all of-
fices for themselves, their main fundamental prin-
ciple—the one which could never be violated by
" a brother" with impunity—was a preference of
themselves and one another, not only for every
office, but for every employment in the country.
The elections at the North had been carried on
extreme Free-Soil principles, as I have shown.
They had taken place in the fall of 1854. The
elections at the South were to come on in the
summer of 1855. The northern Know Nothings
had had a "good time of it" in 1854, running on
an extreme Free-Soil platform; and the southern
Know Nothings claimed, and had accorded to
them, a platform that it was thought would give
< them an equally " good time of it" in 1855. As
no elections were pending at the North, the thing
was easily arranged; and in June, 1855, the Phil-
adelphia convention passed a set of resolutions
embracing, among others, the celebrated twelfth
section. I, for one, made no issue on that
twelfth section. I told the people that if it was
the doctrine of the party, and the party would
abide by it, and we could be so assured, they
might be safely trusted, as far as the slavery
question was concerned. But I told them it was
not the doctrine of the party—that it was only
put forth to affect the southern elections; and as
soon as they were over it would be repealed, aa
it had already been repudiated by the whole
northern wing of the party. That, like every-
thing else militating against their success, was
broadly and boldly contradicted.
As soon as the southern elections were over,
the newspaper organ of the party in this city
commenced to agitate in favor of striking out the
twelfth section. A feeble echo came from the
county town of one of the most patriotic counties
in the district I have the honor to represent.
From every part of the country, in a few in-
stances even in those portions of the South in
which " an intensely American feeling" pre-
vailed, the cry was taken up. The national
Know Nothing council met at Philadelphia in
February, 1856. The North demanded the re-
peal. Mr. Sheets, of Indiana, said:
" He would assure the South, that the twelfth section
must be got rid of. He was willing to accept a compro-
mise, but the section must be got rid of. He was willing
to accept the Washington platform, for, if there was any-
thing in it, it was so covered up with verbiage that a Presi-
dent would be elected before the people would find out
what it was all about. [Tumultuous laughter.] Three
southern Stales had been carried on the twelfth section.
Repeal it, and we will give you the entire North. [Ap-
plause."]
The twelfth section was stricken out against
the unanimous vote of the South, and the "ver-
biage" platform alluded to by Mr. Sheets was
adopted. Thereupon a large portion of the south-
ern members seceded from the convention. They
say now the verbiage platform is as good as the
twelfth section. Then why did they secede when it was
adopted ? After Mr. Fillmore was nominated, or
rather when they saw that by returning they could
effect that much-desired object, they returned to
the convention, and Mr. Fillmore was nominated.
Then it became the turn of the northern members
to bolt, and they went off, carrying very nearly
all the presidential strength of the party. Such
is the great and harmonious national party which
is to save the Union from sectional strife. Unable
to save itself from strife and dissolution through
forty-eight hours—its whole history is but a long
tale of bolters and seceders, sub-bolters and new
