1020
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 34,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Presidential Election—Mr. Branch.
Ho. of Reps.
seceders. Itaffects to be national, and claims that
in its embrace the Union would be secure. Their
embrace must be more powerful than the feeble
and relaxed ligaments that .bind together the
members of their own body. As well might the
unhappy parents who wrangle and fight at every
meeting around the domestic board, claim that
they are teaching their children fraternal harmony
ana concord. Their example is more potent for
evil than their precepts for good.
The northern members who bolted when Fill-
more was nominated, after having been insulted
by the Black Republican convention, and spurned
from their doors, have tamely fallen into the ranks
of Fremont, and will no doubt labor the harder
for the kicks they have received. Hear what
Ford, one of the leading seceders from the Phila-
delphia Know Nothing convention, said when
admitted to the Black Republican convention:
" The American party lias a great work to do, and that
work is to spread Americanism and resist slavery. [Ap-
plause.] The power of the Pope and domestic slavery are
linked together, [applause,] and they have upon earth but
one mission—the extinction of human liberty. The power
of oppression is the same, whether it be foreign or domestic.
Can we not combine for the overthrow of these powers of
darkness? [Applause.] Is it possible that the people of the
North cannot unite for the overthrow of that hydra-headed
monster—Popery and slavery? [Applause.] X tell you that
• we can. [Great applause.] I tell you we will unite. [Up-
roarious cheering-] Let us inscribe upon our banners, and
proclaim it to the enemies of liberty everywhere, that the
American party wag the first which proclaimed the prin-
ciples of freedom—[tremendous applause]—the first, any-
where, to hold that it has inalienable rights, among which
are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. The Whig
party has bidden high for southern support. The Democrats
nave made bids for it. Every other party has bidden for it,
till the American party sprang up. That party has said to
the South, "We can no longer serve you and it was the
first party that ever said this thing. [Applause.]"
This is the same individual who figured con-
spicuously in the Know Nothing convention of
June, 1855, and who entertained and proclaimed
there the same sentiments. After having been
called to the confessional by Mr. Ford, in that
convention, in regard to the repeal of the Mis-
Bouri restriction, southern gentlemen returned
home, and proclaimed to my people that the
Know Nothing party of the North was sound,
reliable, and patriotic.
Thus ended, as we predicted it .would end, the
attempt to form a national Know Nothing party.
The Democratic party is the only party in the
country standing upon the Constitution, and
maintaining all its provisions, regardless of sec-
tions or of sectional prejudices. It has existed
since the foundation of the Government, main-
taining itself through all the mutations of parties,
of men, and of political issues. To say that it
has occasionally done wrong is only to attribute
to it the character which the Almighty has stamped
on all his works. Nothing is infallible but the
all-wise and unseen God. I claim not for the
Democratic party any greater perfection than
belongs to the fallible men of whom it is composed.
But it has always maintained its strength equally
over the whole Union, because its principles have
always been the principles of the Constitution,
■which was intended to guard, and protect, and
foster the whole Union alike. Whatever party
undertakes to supplant it must necessarily become
sectional, or one-ideaed, because it already occu-
pies all the ground the Constitution affords for
any party to stand on. The Know Nothing
party has only suffered the fate of all its prede-
cessors; and it has only met its fate more sud*
denly and more disastrously than its predeces-
sors, because it started as a sectional party, whilst
all others have started as national, and have only
become sectional after long years of defeat and
disappointment.
In the disastrous wreck at Philadelphia, in
February last, the southern Know Nothings
clung to the platform, (though they had bolted
when it was adopted,) and floated off, with Mr.
Fillmore for pilot, and a few northern friends of
Mr. Fillmore for companions in misfortune. I
propose to examine that platform only so far as
to see whether it contains anything so important
or so urgent as to require or justify the division
of the South at this most fearful juncture.
1. The first object is, that "Americans shall
rule America." No one objects to that. Amer-
icans have always ruled America, ever since our
forefathers declared their independence of the
British crown. The great body of the people
rule America. They are Americans, (not Know
Nothings,) having American principles, Ameri-
can ideas, and American interasts. So long as the
people rule, "Americans will rule America." If,
however, it is meant to say, that a few foreign-
born citizens holding office is incompatible with
this great principle, I deny it. It is a great mis-
take for a few office-holders or office-seekers to
suppose that office-holders rule this country. If
that was the case, the Government would have
ceased to be the popular Government our fore-
fathers established, and it would be time for
another revolution. I know that the little bust-
ling politicians who are always after office, and
who think that " thou shalt not hold office" is the
direst punishment that can be denounced against a
citizen, flatter themselves that when they get into
office they will rule the country. But theirs is a
great error. The first appointment ever made by
General W ashington to his Cabinet was of Alexan-
der Hamilton, a foreigner by birth, to be Secreta-
ry of the Treasury. One of the first appointments
he made to the bench of the Supreme Court was
of James Wilson, a foreigner by birth. The
first appointment made by Mr. Jefferson was of
Albert Gallatin to be Secretary of the Treasury.
Every Administration from that day to this has
appointed foreigners, and nobody has ever found
out, until Know Nothingism sprung up, that
Americans were not ruling America. If, when
we were only five millions strong, General Wash-
ington and Mr. Jefferson did not fear to appoint
them to the highest places, we need not fear to
give them a few small offices, now that we are
twenty-five millions strong.
2. The denial to all foreigners of the right to
be naturalized, as heretofore, in five years; or,
what is a practical denial, the extension of the
probation period from five to twenty-one years.
They do not propose to exclude foreigners from
the country, but to admit them, (the ojd platform
promised them protection and a friendly welcome,
and Mr. Fillmore, in one of his recent speeches,
has repeated its languge;) and when they get
here, to place them on a level, sociallj and po-
litically, with free negroes. If foreigners are
pouring into the country as rapidly as the Know
Nothings represent, we would, under the opera-
tion of this rule, have among us, in a few years,
several millions of white men, of the same color
with ourselves, possessing equal intelligence,
equal pride, and equal sensibility with ourselves,
and yet degraded by the laws to the level of the
free negro. Who would tolerate a proposition
to admit among us such a number of free negroes ?
Not one. Yet it is proposed to make of all that
number of foreigners the most bitter and implac-
able foes to us and our institutions. The free
negro is not our enemy, because, conscious of
the inferiority of his race, he aspires not to equal-
ity. But the unnaturalized foreigner would oe a
most formidable and vindictive enemy, because
smarting under the sting of degradation and
insult. Civil war, riots, bloodshed in every
shape, revolution, and social disorder, would
necessarily follow from such a policy. If they
are not to be made citizens of, and amalgama- j
ted with us, keep them out of the country. Arm j
your forts, and man your ships, and drive them j
from our coasts as you would an army of in- i
vaders. * |
3. The repeal of all laws making grants of lands j
to foreigners.
I know of but one law making grants of lands
to foreigners. That was an act passed 27th of
September, 1850, " to make donations to settlers !
on the public lands in Oregon." It teas signed by
Mr. Fillmore, as President,and without his approval
could not have become a law. It is as follows:
" Sec. 4. That there shall be, and hereby is, granted to
every white settler, or occupant of the public lands—Jlmtr-
icaA half-breed Indidna included—above the ag« of eighteen
years, being a citizen of the United States, or having made
a declaration, according to law, of his intention to become a
citiz en, or who shall make such a declaration on or before the
1st Hay of December, 1851, now residing in said Territory,
or who shall become a resident thereof on or before the 1st
day of December, 1850, and who shall have resided upon,
and cultivated the same, for four successive years, and
shall otherwise conform to the provisions of this act, the
quantity of one half-section, or three hundred and twenty :
acres, of land, if a single man; and if a married man, or i
shall become married within one year from December 1, I
1850, one section, or six hundred and forty acres—half to I
himself, and half to his wife."— Statutes at Large, vol. 9,
p. 497. '
That law ought to be repealed. It ought never
to have been passed. I condemn Mr. Fillmore
for approving it. But what is to be thought of a
party that attributes to others as a crime the act
of its own candidate ?
4. The thirteenth article of the platform is a
general indictment against the administration of
General Pierce, containing many counts.
The first count is for removing Know Nothings
from office. Every Know Nothing is, or was,
required, on initiation, to take an oath, as follows:
" That you will not vote, nor give your influence,
for any man for an y office in the gift of th e people,
unless he be an American-born citizen, in favor
of Americans ruling America;" that is, unless he
is a Know Nothing, " nor if he be a Roman
Catholic;" and "that you will support in all
political matters, for all political offices, members
of this order in preference toothers." Having
sworn to proscribe everybody differing from him
in opinion, what right has the Know Nothing to
complain if those differing from him proscribe
him?
Again he swears: " That you will, in all polit-
ical matters, so far as this Order is concerned,
comply with the will of the majority, though it
may conflict with your personal preferences;"
that is, that he will submit himself implicitly to
the will of " the Order," and vote as it directs
him. If the Know Nothing is right in proscribing
the Roman Catholic, on pretence that he owes
obedience to the Pope in religious matters, the
Democrats are certainly right to proscribe the
Know Nothing who has yielded up his freedom
of judgment, and owes obedience to " the coun-
cil" in political matters.
Again he swears: " That if it may be done
legally, you will, when elected or appointed to
any official station, conferring on you the power
to do so, remove all foreigners, aliens, or Roman
Catholics (though they may be native-born)
from office or place."
Now, sir, I have never been a great admirer of
the spoils system, as practiced by all parties to a
certain extent, and by none to half the extent
that the Know Nothings carry it—the practice of
turning everybody differing from us out of office;
but I do hold that no man who has taken this
oath ought to be continued in office one moment,
and allowed to turn out to starve, perhaps better
men than himself, merely because they profess
an unpopular religious faith, whilst perhaps he
himself has no religion at all.
The second count is on " a truckling subserv-
iency to the stronger, and an insolent and cow-
ardly bravado towards the weaker powers.'' The
language in which this count is couched must
have been borrowed from Major Donelson's
editorials against Mr. Fillmore, when the latter
was making (no doubt honest) efforts to suppress
fillibusteringagainst the island of Cuba. " Truck-
ling subserviency to Spanish despotism" was the
sort of phrases in which he daily indulged. I
may safely leave the brilliant conduct of our rela-
tions with England, the unanimous commenda-
tion bestowed on it by Senators, presses, and
private individuals of all parties, and the suc-
cessful and highly honorable settlement of our
differences with that " stronger Power," to refute
the first charge. And I challenge the production
of one instance of " insolent and cowardly bra-
vado towards the weaker Powers." It is not
true. Never have our foreign relations been on
a better footing than they are at this moment.
The third count is on the " reckless and unwise
policy of the Administration," " as shown in the
repeal of the Missouri compromise." For the
sake of comparison, 1 here present the preamble
to the Black Republican platform, of June 17
1856:
" Mr. Wilmot then submitted the following report:
" The Platform.—This convention of delegates, assem-
bled in pursuance of a call addressed to the people of the
United States, without regard to past political differences or
divisions, who are opposed to the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, to the policy of the present Administration, to
the extension of slavery into free Territory, in favor of the
admission of Kansas as a free State, of restoring the action
of the Federal Government to the principles of Washing-
ton and Jefferson, and for the purpose of presenting candi-
dates for the offices of President and Vice President," fce.
What difference is there between the two?
