1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1021
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Presidential Election—Mr. Branch.
Ho. of Reps.
The Know Nothing platform says it ought not to
have been repealed, but says nothing' about the
restoration of it. The Black Republican says it
ought not to have been repealed, and says nothing
about its restoration. This is the great and vital
question which is agitating the country, and
threatening to snap asunder the bonds of the
Union. I ask again, wherein do the Know Noth-
ings on this subject differ from the Black Repub-
licans? Can the Know Nothings, if they get
into power, any more refuse to restore it than
the Black Republicans ? Both say it ought not to
have been repealed.
At a ratification meeting of the friends of Fill-
more, just held in New York, at which several
southern gentlemen, members of this House,
were present, and addressed the people, Mr.
Ketchum, one of the most influential of the per-
sonal and political friends of Mr. Fillmore, spoke
as follows:*
"As regards the question of slavery, Fillmore will sup-
port the old compromises to which the faith of all sections
of the country was pledged. If he had been in the pres-
idential chair when the Kansas-Nebraska bill was passed,
be would have vetoed it. And, gentlemen, wby do the
Republicans oppose him ? Simply because he is an honest
man. [Cheers.]
" Fillmore is censured because he signed the fugitive
slave law; but he could^not do otherwise, elected, as he
was, by the Whigs, whose principles are opposed to the
exercise of the veto power. He examined the law fully.
He may not have considered it the best law that could have
been made; but it was his duty, as President and a Whig,
to consider whether it was constitutional or not. He re-
ferred it to the Attorney General, John J. Crittenden, to
see if it was constitutional, and he declared that it was
constitutional, and proved it in a very able and clear report.
It was then referred to the Cabinet, and they unanimously
decided it to be constitutional. Now, I ask the Republican
party what Millard Fillmore could have done but sign the
bill—advised by his Cabinet to do so—its constitutionality
having been proved ? I say, if he had not signed it, he
would have deserved impeachment. [Loud cheers.] This
is the only objection the Republican party dare to bring for-
ward against Fillmore. The man who was born among us,
who is bone of our bone, ancLpome from the very loins of
free labor, shall we give hinrup for Fremont ? Shall we
make Fremont the standard-bearer of freedom ? [Voices.
' No, no,'' Black Republicans.' Then groans were given
for Fremont.]"
If either gets into power, the Missouri restric-
tion will, in my opinion, be restored. It cannot
be otherwise; and I leave to others to penetrate
the future, and tell us the consequences. Some
of Mr. Fillmore's friends—the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] for instance—say it shall
be restored, and refuse to vote a dollar to carry
on the Government until the refractory Senate
and President yield their consent. Others of his
friends desire its restoration, but seeing no pos-
sibility of bringing the Senate to terms, are op-
posed to agitating it during this Congress. The
southern friends of Mr. Fillmore, who stand on
this platform, admit that the Missouri compro-
mise was unjust and unconstitutional, and ought
never to have been enacted, but seem to object to
the repeal, because it " reopened sectional agita-
tion. Does it never occur to such, that the
surest possible mode which they could adopt to
keep up and perpetuate that sectional agitation is
to denounce the Kansas and Nebraska bill as a
great wrong, and yet refuse to aid in its repeal ?
Can they expect the agitation ever to cease so
long as they continue to occupy that position ?
A bad law may inflict on the country Jess injury
than a long and angry agitation for its repeal;
and if the Kansas and Nebraska bill were as bad
as they represent it, they can never be justified
in contributing to keep alive the strife which pre-
vails in the country. But it is not a bad law. It
was a great measure of justice and right. It was
but the long deferred payment of a great debt'due
to the Constitution of the country.
What was the Kansas and Nebraska bill, that it
should be thus denounced ? The Missouri restric-
tion had always been regarded, by many able
statesmen of both sections, as a violation of the
Constitution. The South had felt it as an odious
badge of her inferiority in the Union, and a stig-
ma upon her domestic institutions. Those at
* Since the speech was delivered, the House of Repre-
sentatives, on motion of Mr. Donn, of Indiana, who is at
the head of the Fillmore electoral ticket of the State, has
passed a bill restoring the Missouri compromise—Mr. Ha-
vem, of New York, the law partner and friend of Mr. Fill-
more, voting for it.
the North, the whole of whose political princi-
ples consisted of a malignant warfare upon- the
southern section, had never regarded it in prac-
tice, had repudiated and spat upon it from the day
of its adoption, down to 1850, and had never
valued it except as a stinging reproach to the
South, to be perpetuated in the statute-book, only
for the gratification of sectional malignity. A
large and patriotic party at theNorth, (the Dem-
ocratic party,) though believing it to have been
unconstitutional and unjust, yet, with theSouth,
labored for its enforcement whilst it was on the
statute-book, and with us voted for its extension
to our acquisitions from Mexico. They (the
whole South and the Democratic party of the
North) failed in their efforts, and it was repeatedly
rejected and repudiated on direct votes in Con-
gress. Even the Nashville convention, which
was denounced as a treasonable conspiracy against
the Union, demanded nothing but the application
of its principles to the new Territories.
Thus stood the Missouri compromise at the
commencement of the memorable session of Con-
gress of 1850. The friends of the Union and the
Constitution wished a settlement on the princi-
ples of that compromise; the enemies of the
Constitution, and contemners of a constitutional
union of equal States, refused to accede to such a
settlement.
During the session of 1850, the compromise
measures were passed. Many in the South op-
posed that settlement on the allegation that their
section was called on to yield everything, and to
receive no substantial concession. The whole
South, as we all remember, was agitated on the
subject. The presentleaders of the,Know Nothing
party, standing now on a platform denouncing the
repeal of the Missouri compromise, contended
then that the compromise measures repealed the
odious Missouri compromise, and that that was a
substantial concession to our section. One of my
predecessors on this floor, having opposed the
compromise of 1850, was denounced for it at
home on that ground, by leading members of the
present Know Nothing party of the district.
At the next presidential election, in 1852, both
the great parties of the country agreed to make
the compromise of 1850 "a finality." At that
election, General Pierce was chosen President,
and came into office under a distinct pledge to re-
gard the compromise of 1850 as "a finality,"and
to carry out its provisions. During his term, in
1854, it became necessary to establish territorial
governments in Kansas and Nebraska. In the
bill providing those governments, it was declared,
in section thirty-two, as follows:
" That the Constitution, and nil the laws of the United
States which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the
same force and effect within the said Territory of Kansas as
elsewhere within the United States, except the eighth sec-
tion of the act preparatory to the admission of Missouri into
the Union, approved March 6, 1820, which, being incon-
sistent with the principle of non-intervention by Congress
with slavery in the States and Territories, as recognised
by the legislation of 1850, commonly called the compromise
measures, is hereby declared inoperative and void."
It was not the Kansas and Nebraska bill that
repealed the Missouri compromise; it was re-
pealed by the compromise of 1850, and the Kan-
sas and Nebraska bill simply declared the fact
that it had been repealed, and excepted it out
of the clause of the bill extending the constitution
and laws of the United States over the new Ter-
ritories. Congress could not have extended the
Missouri compromise over these Territories, con-
sistently with the pledges all parties had given to
abide by the compromise of 1850. The Kansas
and Nebraska bill may have asserted a falsehood
when it declared the Missouri compromise incon-
sistent with the legislation of 1850. But it is not
competent for the present Know Nothing leaders
to say so, for they told us the same thing in 1850,
and in 1854 they advocated the bill which their
present platform denounces. More than that;
whilst the bill was pending in 1854, they taunted
a certain portion of the Democratic party of the
South, and took great credit to themselves for
having driven those impracticable Democrats—
" secessionists," they called them—to acknowl-
edge that the compromise of 1850 did repeal the
Missouri compromise. If time permitted, I could
present some specimens of oratory of this sort.
It is a singular fact, Mr. Chairman, that whilst
the Black Republicans who denounce the repeal
of the Missouri compromise are persons who
had passed theirwhole lives in opposing, deriding,
and spurning it, go almost all tnose who Btand
upon this Know Nothing platform now, denounc-
ing the Kansas and Nebraska bill, are persons
who advocated, and such of them as were m Con-
gress voted for, that bill when it was pending in
1854; every southern member of the Senate but
two, and every southern member of this House
but nine, having voted for it. It found no more
able or zealous defender in either House than the
distinguished Senator from my own State, [Mr.
Badger,] who distinctly declared that it was de-
manded by the compromise of 1850.
On the 26th- of January, 1856, the honorable
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Meacham] sub-
mitted to this House the following resolution:
" Resolved, That, in the opinion of this House, the repeal
of the Missouri compromise of 1820, prohibiting slavery
north of latitude 88° 30', was an example of useless and
factious agitation of the slavery question, unwise and un-
just to the American people."
This resolution was passed by a vote of 108 to
93, every Black Republican and every northern
friend of Mr. Fillmore, except two, votingforit;
and every Democrat in the House, with every
southern friend of Mr. Fillmore, except one,
voting against it. It seems from this vote that
the southern Know Nothings then thought the
repeal of the Missouri compromise neither "un-
wise," " tinjust," nor " injurious." Yet,in less
than one month thereafter, the National Council
denounces the Democratic Administration for the
passage of the Kansas and Nebraska bill, and
these same southern Know Nothings are heard
singing hosa'nnas to the platform.
The Kansas and Nebraska bill perpetrated no
wrong. If the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise was a wrong, the wrong was perpetrated by
the compromise of 1850, signed and approved by
Mr. Fillmore, and constituting the main ground
on which his friends claim for him. the confidence
and support of the South. It was no sectional
measure; it was a tribute to the Constitution, a
pledge of peace, an offering to the great principle
that the people are capable of self-government,
and entitled to manage their own affairs in such
manner as they deem best. But if it was a
wrong, it was a wrong in favor of the South, and
that sectipn, at least, cannot complain of the in-
jury.
It is further objected to the Kansas and Ne-
braska bill, that it establishes over those Terri-
tories what is called "squatter sovereignty."
That phrase, in connection with the politics of
the country, originated from the admission of
California into the Union. The people of that
State, shortly after its acquisition from Mexico,
in advance of the establishment of any govern-
ment by Congress, and without its authority or
consent, assumed to organize a government for
themselves, formed a constitution, and applied
for admission into the Union. This unauthorized
assumption of sovereign power by the squatters on
the public land was denominated squatter sover-
eignty. It is the only instance in our history in
which such a thing has been done or attempted.
The " squatter sovereignty" was recognized, and
the State thus formed was admitted into the
Union by an act of Congress signed and approved
by Mr. Fillmore. In the case of Kansas and Ne-
braska, no such thing; has been done or attempted,
and, as in most of the other counts of their in-
dictment, they charge against us what their can-
didate has done.
But it is said the bill allows the people resident
there to prohibit the introduction of slavery be-
fore their admission into the Union. It contains
no such feature. The thirty-second section de-
clares its intent to be "to leave the people thereof
perfectly free to form and regulate their domestic
institutions in their own way, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States." If the Con-
stitution allows them to prohibit slavery, then
the bill permits it: if the Constitution does not
allow them to prohibit slavery, then the bill does
not permit it. The power of the people during
the existence of their territorial government is
a judicial question to be settled by the courts, if
a case should ever arise involving the question ;
and whatever Congress might have stud in the
