1033
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 17,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Illinois Contested Election—Mr. Norton.
Ho. of Reps.
bill it could not have altered the Constitution, |
nor taken the question out of the hands of the |
courts. Whatever may be the decision of the |
courts, I will be content; for.I regard the great j
main feature of the bill as infinitely transcending |
in importance any of the minor questions that j
can be raised under it. And I would rather trust t
the question to the people of the Territory than j
to such a Congress as we now have, and are ,
liable to have at any time in the future. 1
The next specification in the indictment is, that
unnaturalized foreigners were allowed to vote at
the first election in Kansas and Nebraska.
I do not approve such a provision, and would
not vote for it, unless compelled to take it in order
to get what I regarded a good provision of greater
importance. I certainly would not have voted
against the .Kansas and Nebraska bill on account ■
of it. When the Kansas and Nebraska bill was
introduced, it encountered the most violent oppo- |
sitionfrom the'Free-Soilersand Abolitionists—the
enemies of the compromise of 1850—because it !
proposed to carry out the provisions of that com-
promise. It was important, in order that a fair
issue might be presented between those who were
in favor of sustaining the compromise of 1850, on
the one side, and those who wished to deny to
the South the most important boon granted to it
by that compromise on the other, that the bill
should be made strictly conformable to precedents
in all its other details. Otherwise, the friends of
the compromise of 1850 might be divided about
details having no bearing on the main issue.
The bill for establishing a territorial govern-
ment for Washington Territory had then but
recently passed, and had become a law bt the
approval and signature of Mr. flllmore. It
was taken as the precedent on which to frame the
measure. I place side by side, for comparison,
the sections of the two bills, in regard to the quali-
fications of voters:
Kansas tend Nebraska bill,
"That every free white
male inhabitant above the
■ge of twenty-one years, who
shall be an actual resident of
said Territory, and shall pos-
sess the qualifications here-
inafter prescribed, shall be
entitled to vote at the first
election, and shall be eligible
to any office within the said
Territory; but the qualifica-
tions of voters, and of hold-
ing office, at all subsequent
elections, shall be such as
■hall be prescribed by the
Legislative Assembly; Pro-
vided, That the right of suf-
'frage and of holding office
shall be exercised only by
citizens of the United States,
and those who shall have de-
clared, on oath, their inten-
tion to become such, and
shall hare taken an oath to
support the Constitution of
the United States and the
provisions of this act."—
Statutes at Large, vol. 10,
page 285.
Washington bill.
"That every white male
inhabitant above the age of
twenty-one years, who shall
have been a resident of said
Territory at the time of the
passage of this act, and shall
possess the qualifications
hereinafter prescribed, shall
be entitled to vote at the first
election, and shMl be eligible
to any office within the said
Territory; but the qualifica-
tions of voters, and of hold-
ing office, at all subsequent
elections, shall be such as
shall be prescribed by the
Legislative Assembly: Pro-
vided, That the right of suf-
frage and of holding office
shall be exercised only by
citizens of the United States
above the age of twenty-one
years, and those above that
age who shall have declared
on oath their intention to be-
come such, and shall have
taken an oath to support the
Constitution of the United
States, and the provisions of
this act."—Statutes atLarge,
vol. 10, p., 174.
Comment is unnecessary.
But not content with letting unnaturalized for-
eigners vote, for which there was some excuse,
as they had voluntarily come to our country, and
formally declared their intention to cast their lots
among us, Mr. Fillmore improved and signed the
bills for the admission of Utah and New Mexico,
both of which contained the following:
" Sec. 5. Every free white male inhabitant above the
age of twenty-one years, who shall have been a resident j
of said Territory at the time of the passage of this act, shall |
be entitled to vote at the first election, and shall be eligible
to any office within the said Territory." * * *   *
"Prodded, That the right of suffrage, and of holding office,
■hall be exercised only by citizens of the United States,
including those recognized at citizens by the treaty with the
Kepublic of Mexico, concluded February 2,1848."—Stat-
utes at Large, vat,9, p. 454, Utah bill; vol. 9, p. 449, New
Mexico HU.
Approved September 9,1850.
To show that we were under no treaty obliga-
tion to permit them to vote, nor even allow them to
become citizens, except when we thought proper,
I give the article of the treaty with Mexico re-
lating to the subject:
" Mexicans   « * *   shall be incorporated
into the Union of the United States, and be admitted at
the proper time, (to be judged of by the Congress of the
United States,) to the enjoyment of all the rights of citizens
of the United States, according to the principles of the
Constitution."—Treaty with Mexico, Statutes at Large, vol.
9, p. 930.
If it is so shocking to permit foreigners to vote
who have voluntarily come to our country, and
filed their intention to make it the home of them-
selves and their children, what is to be thought
of Mr. Fillmore for permitting foreigners to vote
who had not come in voluntarily, but had been
whipped in, conquered by our arms, and forced
into subjection to our laws ?
It may be as well to remark, that the first Legis-
lature of Kansas, in prescribing the qualifications
of voters, excluded all foreigners from voting
who had not been naturalized. (Laws of Kansas,
" Elections," section 11.) So that the ills so con-
fidently predicted have not flowed from permitting
them to vote at the first election.
The next specification is on the " corruptions
which pervade some of the departments of the
Government." Shades of Gardiner and Galphin !
Whither have you fled, that your deeds are so
soon forgotten!! If any one thing above all
others signalized the administration of Mr. Fill-
more, and distinguished it from all its predeces-
sors and successor, it was " the corruptions
which pervaded some of the departments;" not
confined to subordinates and contractors, but
reaching to the very highest officers under him
intrusted with the management of affairs. I wish I
had the figures and the facts illustrating Galphin-
ism and Gardinerism; but I have not, and must
pass them by. If it had been known that Mr.
Fillmore would be the candidate, this count would
certainly never have been placed in the indict-
ment. For integrity, industry, and fidelity to
the public interests, I believe this Administration
may safely challenge a comparison with any of
its predecessors, and I shall remain of that opin-
ion until something more than a vague and unsup-
ported charge can be shown against it.
Mr. Chairman, on a full examination, I find
little in this platform to approve, and nothing that
the warmest Know Nothing—the most ardent
crusader against foreigners and the Pope—must
not admit to be of less importance than the defeat
of the Black Republican candidate. I appeal to
no.section of the country, but to the friends of the
Constitution and the Union everywhere, to lay
aside—or at least to postpone for a time—bicker-
ings on minor questions, and come up to the great
work of maintaining the Constitution and the
Union of our fathers. Bad men are assailing
them; laborious men are sapping their founda-
tions; and able men are striving to destroy the |
fraternal feeling, without which the Union would
be a curse. Can we not unite to drive out the
vermin that are tearing out the cement which
binds together the massive blocks of the edifice ? |
If we cannot, then are we unworthy the legacy i
our fathers gave us. I
If foreignism and Catholicism are evils, they
are northern, not southern evils. We of the South
are not afflicted—if their presence is an affliction—
with any considerable quantity of either. The |
great body of the Know Nothings north have
refused to let their southern allies rid them of i
their evils, unless they are permitted in turn to
rid us of what they regard as our peculiar evil—
slavery. Failingto get the consent of their south-
ern assoctates to any such reciprocity of kind
offices, they have abandoned " The Order," and
joined with the Black Republicans in a war on
the South. Let the southern Know Nothings
in like manner cease their war upon the " pecu-
liar institution" of the North, and uniting, for the
time being at least, with the Democratic party,
aid us to achieve a victory over sectionalism and
fanaticism—aid us to maintain the Constitution
and the Union—aid us to strike down the trea-
sonable flag of Black Republicanism, with its
sixteen stars, and bear aloft that old flag of thirty-
one stars, whose increasing galaxy is emblematic
of the increasing glories of the Republic. Let
them conquer themselves, and all the old preju-
dices of party, and aid us to achieve the salvation
I of the Republic by the triumphant election of
] Buchanan and Breckinridge.
ILLINOIS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. O. NORTON,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
July 17, 1856,
On the Resolutions reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions in the Contested-Election Case from Illinois.
Mr. NORTON said:
Mr. Speaker: I desire to submit a few obser-
vations on the matter before us; and I will strictly
confine myself to the facts presented, after refer-
ring to one or two of the positions assumed by
my colleague, [Mr. Allen,] who has just taken
his seat, and by the minority of the Committee
of Elections in their report. It was well said by
the chairman of the Committee of Elections in
his opening remarks, that this case lies within a
very narrow compass. It is a question of fact—
of fact only. That question is, whether the sit-
ting member, or the contestant, has received a
majority of the votes of the seventh congressional
district? The sitting member claims that he
received one vote more than the contestant. The
contestant claims that he h^s received two or three
votes more than the sitting member. This is the
only issue between the parties.
Before entering upon the consideration of the
facts presented, 1 will say a word in reply to cer-
tain positions assumed by the sitting member.
He complains that the evidence first taken was
without proper notice given to him. It is ad-
mitted that the notice was not given strictly
within the time required, unless you include the
day on which the notice was given. There would
then be ten days, otherwise but nine. Under the
strict rules of the common law, before a civil
tribunal, I admit that the depositions might be
ruled out, and the party required to take new-
evidence. But I submit whether this objection is
not altogether too trivial and too technical to base
upon it the rejection of the contestant's claim
to a seat upon this floor, and of the rights of the
majority of the people of that congressional dis-
trict to his services here? I care not, however,
so far as the argument which I propose to sub-
mit to this House is concerned, whether that
i evidence be considered or not. The contestant
can be shown, by the other testimony taken, to
be entitled to the seat. I shall confine myself to
testimony to which this objection does not apply.
The other position of my colleague, and of
the minority report, to which I would call atten-
tion, is, that the contestant's notice of his inten-
tion to prosecute his claim to a seat is too general
in its terms. • The notice is as follows:
" That the returns made by the returning officer*, as offi-
cially announced, are incorrect, and that the poll books of
the several counties in this district show that I received a
majority of the legal votes polled in the said district for the
said office, and am entitled to the certificate of election
therefrom."
It is assumed that this notice is not sufficient
to call the attention of the sitting member to the
intended contestof the returns made by the judges
and clerks of election. There are two sets of
" returning officers" under the laws of Illinois.
The judge's and the clerks of elections are consti-
tuted one set. It is made their duty by law to
make a return of the votes cast within four days
after the canvass. When the county clerk receives
the returns, it is his duty to make the returns to
the Secretary of State. Both these classes of
officers, under the law of Illinois, are returning
officers. The notice referred to the "returning
officers" in general terms. It embraced both
classes. The contestant was therefore at liberty
to extend his investigations to both returns, or to
confine it to one. Toothing could be clearer than
this. This position of my colleague is therefore
clearly untenable, besides being wnolly technical.
I now go to the question, whether or not the
contestant or the sitting member is entitled to the
seat in contest? The majority of the Committee
of Elections present the case in the true way.
They present two resolutions: one that the sit-
ting member is not, and the other that the con-
testant is, entitled to the seat I might content
myself with reading the certificate of the judge#
