1094
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 17,
34th Cong.... 1st Sfcss.
Illinois Contested Election—Mr. Norton.
Ho. or Reps.
' officers to be held within their precinct, until other judges
shall he appointed, as hereinbefore directed, and the said
clerks may continue to act as such during the pleasure of
the judges of election."
Now, sir, I undertake to say, that you might as
•well assume that, when this Congress adjourns,
you have vacated your office as Speaker of this
House; you might as well say that, when the
Supreme Court adjourns its session, the judges
are functi officio, as to say that the judges of
election were out of office when the day of elec-
tion had passed. And you might as well declare
that the Clerk of this House has lost his office,
and that the office is vacant when the House ad-
journs, as to say that these clerks of the election
lost their offices when the election was over. The
law of Illinois, just cited, provides that the judges
of election shall remain judges, and that the clerks
shall remain clerks, until their successors are
appointed and qualified. The judges of elections
are appointed by the county courts prior to the
elections, and the clerks are appointed by the |
judges of elections, and both hold their places until
their successors are installed into office. There
is no pretense that other judges or clerks had i
been appointed. !
Now, then, I ask you, Mr. Speaker—I ask this
House, what becomes of the statement of the
sitting member, that these judges and these clerks
were irresponsible men, acting without oath and
without authority ? Clearly, sir, by the provis-
ions of the Illinois statutes, from which I have
read, they were, at the time these supplemental
returns were made out, really and legally judges
and clerks of elections. That point, it seems to
me, is beyond controversy. I
The sitting member has suggested to the House ;
that these judges may have been temporarily-
appointed on the day of the election. But, sir, it is j
a sufficient reply to this to say that the presump- :
tion of law is, that those were judges regularly
appointed, unless the contrary is snown. It is
manifest, then', sir, that those men were acting
under their oaths of office, that these votes were
carefully recounted, and that from that recount it
appeared that in the original returns one too many
votes were allowed to the sitting member, and
that two too few were allowed to the contestant.
If that be so, there is, then, an end of the whole
controversy, and the contestant was elected by a
majority of two votes.
But the contestant has not contented himself
with producing this certificate and the amended
returns of the judges and clerks, so clear and con-
clusive in their character, but he has, after due
notice to the sitting member, taken the depositions '
of the judges and clerks of the elections, and, under [
oath, they have testified to the correctness of ;
these supplemental returns. I read from the tes-
timony of those judges. Mr. Hutchinson says:
" The ballot-box was taken by myself on the 2d day of
March, 1855, as one of the judges, to the house of Johnson
J. Birch, another of the judges ; and in the presence of E.
M. Hanks, one of the clerks, and Samuel R. Brown, who,
in the absence of Mr. Hollingshead, the other clerk, was
appointed a clerk pro tempore, and by their assistance the
box was unlocked and the ballots recounted; and at the
conclusion of the counting Mr. Wyrick, the other judge,
was sent for and came in and assisted us. There was at the
aforesaid time a careful examination had and recount of the
ballots, and one hundred and forty-nine ballots were found
in the box, which number corresponded with the number
of names on the poll-books, and on that counting we found
■one hundred and two ballots for William B. Archer, and
forty-six for Mr. Jdmes C. Allen; and on that counting two
of three ballots which were at first thrown aside were
counted for William B. Archer, and the other ballot was
not counted for either Mr. Archer or Mr. Allen, for the rea-
son that both the names of J. C. Allen and William B.
Archer were stricken therefrom." j
Mr. Birch says: j
" Mr. Hutchinson, one of the judges, Mr. Hanks, one of <
the clerks, Samuel R. Brown, who acted as clerk pro tem-
pore in the absence of Mr. Hollingshead, an absent clerk,
and myself, one of the judges, proceeded, at my house in-
Livingston, on the Qd March, 1855, to unlock the ballot-box
and recount said votes, having sent for Mr. Wyrick, the :
other judge of said election, who arrived before we were
done counting the same; when we carefully recounted the
ballots, and found one hundred and forty-nine, as before,
one hundred and two of which were for W. B. Archer, and
forty-six for J. C. Allen. We now found that one more
vote was marked for Allen than he received, or appeared on
the tickets. There were, on the recounting, two votes that
were not counted for either at the first count, that were
now counted for W> B. Archer, and one that was not
counted for either candidate at either the counting or re-
counting, by reason of the names-of both Archer and Allen
b«ing scratched off; which said ballou are the same that
are now attached to the deposition of H. H. Hutchinson,
when we made a corrected return, and sent the same to the
county clerk on the 9th March, 1855."
Mr. "Wyrick says:
K When I arrived at the house of Mr. Birch, they had
finished the counting except three disputed tickets, being
the same that were thrown aside at the first counting, one
of which was thrown aside as on the first counting, having
the names of both candidates scratched off; the other two,
after a careful examination, were given to W. B. Archer,
making one hundred and two votes for W. B. Archer, and
for J. C. Allen, forty-six, there having been, on the first
count, one vote more tallied for J. C. Allen than he actually
received."
The testimony of Hollingshead and Hanks is
to the same effect, and I will not take up the time
by reading it.
But still another count was made. And be it
remembered that these counts were all made be-
fore the Governor had issued his certificate to
any member of this Congress from Illinois. The
third count occurred on the 14th of April. What
was the result of it?
Mr. Birch says:
" And when we had made out said return, [the amended
return of March 2,1855,] we put the ballots back in the box,
and locked it up. 1 took and kept the box, and Mr. Hutch-
inson kept the key. The box remained in my possession
until the May election, 1855, when Mr. Hutchinson and
myself opened It and took out the ballots, and wrapped
them up carefully in a paper, and tied thein with a string,
until the box was returned the next day, when they were
again put into it, and the box locked up, and there remained
until all the judges and clerks were present, on yesterday,
when the box was again opened and the votes recounted,
with the same result as on the second counting, and I am
confident that the ballots have not been altered since they
were voted at the election."
Mr. Speaker, I give the testimony on this
point in full, and in the very language of the wit-
ness, in order to do away with the impression
sought to be made by the speech of my colleague,
that there was some hocus pocus in regard to these
recounts. The testimony cannot be mistaken;
and, if gentlemen consider it dispassionately,
there will be little doubt as to what determination
they will make of this case.
Mr. Hutchinson testifies that, after the count
, on the 2d March, 1855:
i " The ballots and poll-book were carefully gathered up,
put in the ballot-box, locked up, and delivered into the pos-
i session of Johnson J. Birch, and I retained the key myself,
i They were again on this day (April 14,1856) examined by
myself, David Wyrick, and Johnson J. Birch, the judges,
ami Mr. Elza M. Hanks and James Hollingshead, the clerks
of said election; and at said examination there were found
one hundred and forty-iline ballots in the box, and one
hundred and two of them were for William B. Archer, and
forty-six for Mr. Allen."
Mr. Wyrick says:
" On the 14th April, 1856, Mr. H. H. Hutchinson, J. J.
Birch, and myself, as judges, and James Hollingshead and
E. M. Hanks, the clerks of said election, again proceeded
to meet at the court-house in said county, to recount the
votes aforesaid, with the same result, after a careful exam-
ination, as on the 2d of March, A. D. 1855."
Mr. Hollingshead testifies to the same facts.
So does Mr. Hanks.
Now, sir, what can be said, I ask, in regard
to this accumulation of testimony, in no way
conflicting, clear, decisive, and to the point? It
settles, beyond cavil or doubt, the fact, tBat the
contestant is entitled to two more votes than hfe
was allowed in the first returns of the Livingston
precinct, and that he has, at least, a majority of
two votes in the district. But, sir, it is argued
here by my colleague, [Mr. Allen,] that these
ballots may not be the same, that there was no
law in regard to their being kept, and that the
boxes may have been opened. Sir, the question
is not whether there was any law in regard to
the manner in which the ballots should be kept,
or even any law requiring them to be kept at all;
or whether this ballot-box was kept in legal cus-
tody ? but the question for the House to decide
is, were those ballots kept 1 Were they truly
kept—kept safely ? or, in other words, are they
the same ballots which were cast at the election ?
Now what is the testimony upon that point?
I have read, in discussing another point, the tes-
timony of several witnesses, bringing out inci-
dentally some facts in regard to the keeping of
the ballot-boxes and the ballots. Listen to the
evidence. This is what Mr. Birch says about it:
" Question second. At the conclusion of the first counting
did you, in pursuance of the sixteenth section of the act of
1849, in relation to elections, proceed to place the poll-list
in the ballot-box, lock the same up, and put the seal of
one or more of the judges of said election thereon, so as
entirely to cover the opening in the lid or top of said box, and
deliver the key to one of said judges, and the box to another ?
and if so, state whether the judge in whose possession the
box was placed had any means of opei.ing the same without
lorce ?
" Answer. I did; and placed also in the box, at the same
time, the ballots, and a copy of the certificate and tally-
paper ; that the fastening on the under side of the lid was
adjusted, and the box then locked; afld when so fixed,
nothing can get into or out of the box without force, unless
the box should first be unlocked. Mr. Hutchinson, tho
judge into whose possession the box was delivered, had no
means, to my knowledge, of getting into the box, but after-
wards obtained a key, with which he could unlock it, as bo
states.' I believe the ballots have been carefully kept, and
that they were the same voted at the election."
Mr. Hutchinson says:
" Question fourth by Mr. •Archer. State what was done
with the ballots after they were counted, and in whose pos-
session they were placed ?
" Jirnwer. The ballots were placed in the ballot-box, and
locked up, and the box put in my possession, and not
opened, to the best of my knowledge, until the 2d day of
March, 1855; I kept the box carefully until the 2d of March,
1855."
Mr. Wyrick says:
" The ballots, one poll-book, and one tally-paper, were
put in the ballot box, and then the box was locked up,
which Mr. Hutchinson took home with him."
Another witness states that the opening of the
box, through which the ballots were received, was
also fastened, so that nothing could be either put
into, or taken out of, the.box, unless the lid
of the box was forced; or, in other words, that
precisely the same steps were taken in regard to
the ballot-box, which the law requires shall be
taken at any temporary adjournment during the
day. The gentleman behind me denies my state-
ment, and suggests that the laws of the State
require one man to keep the ballot-box, and an-
other man the key, during a temporary adjourn-
ment on the day of election. What I stated ia
true, and that is precisely what was done in this
case. One man did keep the box, and another
the key. ,
Mr. STEPHENS. The evidence is, that the
key was lost. There is no evidence that the indi-
vidual who took the key, kept it. The evidence
shows that there are two keys which unlocked
the box.
Mr. NORTON. Yes, sir, Mr. Hutchinson kept
the box, and Mr. Birch kept the key. That key
was lost; and no other key has ever been heard
of which would unlock the box, except the one
procured by Mr. Hutchinson on the 2d of March,
when the box was opened for a recount.
Now, let me ask the gentleman from Georgia,
what other or greater precautions could have
been taken for the safe-keeping of the ballots?
What pretense can there be that they were not
so kept? What chance there could be for the.vio-
lation of the ballot-box by anybody, without the
■ knowledge of Hutchinson? What ground of
, suspicion, even, that any one else had a key with
which the box could be opened ? I put it to him
as a lawyer to say whether the presumptions are
not all the other way ?
Mr. STEPHENS. That comes directly to a
material point, and I answer the gentleman with
pleasure. The key might have been stolen by
some person entirely unknown fo the officers.
! The fact is, that it was lost, and has never been
found; and there is a possibility that somebody
1 might have got into the box with it. The testi-
mony does not exclude the possibility.
Mr. NORTON. Yes, sir; it says that the key
1 was lost. Inhere is no pretense that it was ever
I found, or that it was ever in the possession of
I any one afterwards.
Mr. STEPHENS. It only says that it went
out of the possession of one of the judges of the
election, and he does not know where it went.
That is the only testimony that it was lost. He
j put it away and somebody got it—he does not
i know who.
Mr. NORTON. There is not a particle of
i testimony to show that anybody ever got it.
The evidence is unequivocal, not that anybody
got it, but that it was lost. Possibility! possi-
bility! Why, sir, possibilities like this would
not serve to save men from the gallows if on trial
for murder. I put it to the common sense of this
House, if, upon a charge of larceny or forgery,
or of passing counterfeit money, a possibility no
I stronger than this would acquit a man ? Never,
I sir, never. There is not one case in fifty where
