AP^fcNttfX TO Tm COMPRESSION AL GU&&&.
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Jewett.
Ho. 6f Reps.
property in the States as such, and left it in the condition
in winch it was found. When it speaks of property, what-
ever was made so by any or' the States was what was
intended. It did uot undertake to define what was or was
not property.
■' • Tiie Federal Government, being one of limited powers,
cannot impart to or take from anything its attribute of prop-
erty. If it cannot establish slavery in a Territory, it cannot
destroy it. Whatever is property in any one of the States,
jf carried into a Territory, cannot lose its character of prop-
erty by the action of the Ceneral Government.
"' I am deeply and profoundly impressed with the con-
viction, tnat the only safety to the Union is the Arm estab-
lishment of the doctrine, that tlie Federal Government
thotiId abstain unconditionally from all hostile action upon
the subject of slavery. His a government for the slave-
hnklui; States as well as the free, aud it has no right to
throw even its moral influence against the tenure of prop-
erty recognised as such by any of its constituent parts. It
would be a gross prostitution of its powers and a departure
from the objects of its organization to do so. As a common
government lor all the States, it never was intended by its
trainers, that it should discriminate between the property
of one State or one section and another. Equality is the
law of its existence.'"
Mr. E. O. Brown (Know Nothing) offered the
following amendment as a substitute for said res-
olution:
" Resolved, That obedience to the -Constitution of tin
Onitcd States, aud all laws passed by Congress in pursu-
ance thereof, is sacredly obligatory upon the citizens of the
States, and that the Supreme Court of the United States is
the proper tribunal in the last resort to determine the con-
stitutional enactments of Congress; and that we utterly re-
pudiate the higher law doctrines of the North, as well as
the seceding ami nullifying doctrines of the South and
North, as exhibited first by the South, in the attempt by
8outh Carolina to evade the tariff laws, and more recently
by Massachusetts in Iter effort, by State authority, to evade
the fugitive slave act."
At the same session of the Legislature, Mr.
Martin, a Democratic member of the Kentucky
Senate, offered the following as an amendment
to a resolution offered in the Senate by the Know
Nothings, and it was voted down by a majority
of five, fifteen Democrats voting for.it, and twenty
Know Nothings voting against it.
The amendment offered by Mr. Martin reads
as follows: " That no religious test shall ever be
required as a qualification to any office or public
trust under the United States."
Now, Mr. Chairman, having treated some-
what of the organization of Know Nothingism,
and having remarked briefly on some of its first
fruits, and having called the attention of the com-
mittee to so much of the oaths and obligations
of the order as seem to be in deadly conflict with
the Federal Constitution, I will p oceed, with
the indulgence of the committee, to consider the
legislation intended by the organization if it sue-
o-eds in obtaining a majority in Congress. First, \
tney propose an amendment of the naturalization
laws, by extending the time of residence in the
country of all foreigners from five years (as j
agreed upon by the administration of President j
Washington) to twenty-one years, as contend-
ed for by the Federal party under the lead of
the elder Adams and Rtifus King, and others of ;
the old Federal school of politicians. And sec- .
ondly, they demand the passage of stringent .
laws by Congress, preventing the emigration of
what tkey call paupers (poor persons) and crim- !
inaUinto this country. To both of these propo- ;
sitions I stand opposed; and shall proceed briefly !
to give the reasons of my opposition. !
In the first place, I hold that the Know Nothing j
organization is but a faction—not entitled to be
considered a party in the country; and that, even j
if what legislation they propose was feasible, the ■
- first duty of the statesman is, to put down the ■
faction, and then proceed to censider whether
any additional legislation is necessary for the
public good. But this is not my principal objec- 1
tion to an alteration of the naturalization laws. 1
My objections are founded in the belief that there
can be no amendment to the naturalization laws
which will accomplish as much good to the coun-
try as the laws as they now stand, if properly j
♦ administered. I will read the section of the law
proposed to be amended. It is the third section,
and was passed January 29, 1795, <tnd approved
by President Washington:
"That the court admitting such alien shall be satisfied
that lie has resided within the United States/ire yeurs at least,
and within the State or Territory where such court is at the
time held sne year at least; and it shall further appear to
their satisfaction, that during that time be has behaved as a
man of good moral character, attached to the principles of the
CoMtttutiftt, and wM-dtipoted towards the good order and
happiness of the same: Prodded, That his oath shall in no
case be taken to prove his residence.',
Now, Mr. Chairman, the issue between intense
Americanism and myself on this subject is, that
the words " five years" shall be stricken out,and
the words, " twenty-one years" inserted; or,in
other language, that the views of Washington
and his constitutional advisers shall be surren-
dered, and the opinions of the elder Adams and
Rufus King shall be substituted. It is proper,
sir, before we repeal a law, that we should under-
stand the law, and, above all, the principle of it.
It will not do to repeal a law, merely because it is
assumed that the law is not properly executed, and
enact one still more stringent, jn hopes that it will
be executed. To admit that there is not virtue
and intelligence enough in the country to execute
the laws, legally and constitutionally enacted,
puts an end to all legislation; for we have no
reason to assume that, if the officers'and citizens
will not enforce" one, they will enforce another
law, and it is equally idle to suppose that a lib*
erty-loving people (and it is the people at last
who execute all our laws) would execute a more
stringent one on the same subject; but it is the
principles of the law as it now stands that I pro-
pose to inquire into, and they are—morality, intel-
ligence, devotion, and loyalty. The residence of
five years, provided for in the act, merely places
the emigrant in the condition of a candidate for
citizenship. He must, after his residence of five
years, satiny (not prove by corrupt witness) the
court,first, ofhis five years' residence; second, of
his morality; third, of his attachment to the Con-
stitution; and fourthly, of his devotion or good
disposition to the same. I repeat the words, sat-
isfy the court, not by witness, as before stated, but
in any way the court may direct; and unless he
does satisfy the court in regard to his morality, in-
telligence, and loyalty, he cannot and ought not
to become a citizen of this great Republic of free-
men, even although he might have lived in the
country twice twenty-one years. The other legis-
lation contemplated by this new order is the pas-
sage of a stringent law by Congress, prohibiting
the immigration into this country of paupers ana
convicts.
Now, Mr. Chairman, while I am opposed to
the passage of a stringent law by Congress upon
this subject, it does not follow that I am opposed
to all proper legislation in relation to vagabonds,
paupers, and convicts, eveit to interdicting their
coming into this country under any circumstan-
ces. My opposition to Know Nothingism in
this particular is, opposition to the manner rather
than to the matter of the proposed legislation.
Mr. Chairman, I have searched the Constitu-
tion diligently, and have not been able to find any
authority for the interference of Congress witn
this subject. As to who shall become an inhab-
itant of the States of this Union is a question for
the individualStates to decide, each foritself. Con-
gress possesses no power to interfere with the in-
ternal or police arrangements of the several States.
The Supreme Court of the United States, in the
case of the city of New York vs. Miln, (11 Peters's
Reports, page 129,) decided the question against
Congress, and in favor of the States. In the case
just cited the Supreme Court says:
" But we do not place onr opinion on this ground, (i. e.
of a collision between State and national legislation)—we
choose rather to plant ourselves on what we consider im-
pregnable positions. They are these: that a State has the
same undeniable and unlimited jurisdiction over all persons
and things within its territorial limits as any foreign nation,
when that jurisdiction is not surrendered or restrained by the
Constitution of the United States. That by virtue of this,
it is not only the right, but the bounden and solemn duty of
a State to advance the safety, happiness, and prosperity of
its people, and to provide for its general welfare-by any and
every act of legislation which it may deem to be con-
ducive to these ends, when the power of the particular
subject or the manner of its exercise is not surrendered or
restrained in the manner just stated. That all those pow-
ers which relate to merely municipal legislation, or what
may perhaps more properly be called internal police, are not
those surrendered or restrained; and that,consequently,in
relation to these, the authority of a State is complete, un-
qualified, and exclusive."
But even if this question had not been decided
by the highest judicial authority in the country,
I would not hesitate to deny to Congress, upon
the principle of State sovereignty, any authority
over the question of who should, or who should
not, become inhabitants of any one of the several
States of this Confederacy. I cannot see any dif-
ference in the power of Congress to declare what
shall not be, than to declare what shall be. If
Congress has the authority to declare who shall
not settle in a State, has it not the power to de-
clare who shall, and, by the exercise of this dan-
gerous and extraordinary power, destroy the last
attribute of State sovereignty ?
Mr. COX (interrupting) said: If it were not
unconstitutional for Congress to pass a law to
prevent the bringing into the country of crim-
inals and paupers, would my colleague vote for
such a law ?
Mr. JEWETT said, in reply, that he had then
before him the laws of the various States where
this evil was supposed to exist, on the subject
referred to by his colleague, and that the State
laws seemed to be stringent enough.
Now, Mr. Chairman, having shown from un-
doubted authority that Congress has no power
to legislate on the subject'of cyminals, and that
the power over the subject of emigration (except
to establish a uniferm rule of naturalization) be-
longs to the Stats, I will read for the considera-
tion of the committee and the country, portions of
the legislative enactments bearing directly on the
subject under discussion, in those States where
there is most emigration:
" Sec. 1. No captain or master of any vessel , or any other
person or persons, shall knowingly or willingly import,
bring, or send, or cause or procure to be imported, brought,
or sent, or be aiding or assisting therein, into this State, by
land or water, am/ felon, convict, or person under sentenee
of death or transportation, or any other legal disability in-
curred by a criminal prosecution, except for treason, or who
shall be delivered or sent to him from any prison or place of
confinement, in any place without the State.
" Sec. S. Every person who shall offend against any of the
provisions of the preceding section shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be pun-
ished by imprisonment in the county jail for a term not less
less than three months, and shall forfeit and pay, moreover,
the sum of one thousand dollars for,each of such conviets
so imported, brought, or sent, into this State, one half of
which penalty shall go to him or her who shall sue or pros-
ecute for the same, and the other half to the county in which
such prosecujion shall be had."—Law of California in re-
lation to Convicts, $c., $'c., passed rfpril II, 1850.
I will not stop, Mr. Chairman, to read othefr
provisions of the laws of California on the sub-
ject of paupers; they are well guarded and suffi-
ciently stringent to secure the end desired. Nor
will I take up the time of the committee in read-
ing from the passenger and emigration laws of
the States of Massachusetts, New York, Penn-
sylvania, and other States interested in the sub-
ject, which I hare before me, and which I prom-
ised to read, but will content myself by stating,
that 1 have examined carefully the laws of the
States last mentioned in regard to emigration,
&c., and find them carefully worded, and con-
taining ample provisions to secure the country
against the influx of paupers and criminals.
Mr. Chairman, there is another question which
is made by the Know Nothing party to cut a
very conspicuous figure in the elections, which I
desire briefly to notice. It is the Catholic ques-
tion—a question of great interest to me, not only
because many of my immediate constituents are
Catholics—yes, sir, Roman Catholics—but be-
cause the State in which I was born and raised
was settled by Catholics.
Now, Mr. Chairman, while I disclaim any in-
tention of entering upon a defense of the Catho-
lic religion, I would be reckless of my duty to
my constituents, Catholic and Protestant, were I
to sit qtiietly by and hear their patriotism as-
sailed, without raising my voice, however feeble
it may be, in their defense. I repeat, sir, that I
am not charged with the defense of the religion
of any portion of my constituents—that defense
is intrusted to abler hands than mine; and I ana
proud to know that, in so far as the charge tit
anti-republicanism has been made against the
Catholic church, in the United States, it has been
ably and successfully defended.
But, sir, when the whole Catholic population
(my constituents included) are charged with a
want of irue patriotism and valor—when charged
on this floor with disloyalty to the State, and a
want of real devotion to the Union and the Con«
gtitution, then, sir, it Wcomes my duty as a Rep-
resentative in the American Congress, not only to
stand up and speak in their defense, but, with all
the power of my good right arm, hurl back upon
