1038
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 4,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Personal Explanation—Mr. Cullen.
Ho. of Reps.
its authors the unjust imputation made, of a want
of devotion to country by my Catholic constitu-
ents. Sir, a more hospitable and generous people
cannot be found on the brond earth, than are the
Catholics of my State and district. That they
love their church, the religion of their fathers,
and their God, is most true, and I honor them for
it; and next to these, the Constitution and Union
of these States. And from a long residence and
intimate acquaintance with them, I am proud to
say, here, in the presence,of the Representatives
of the American people, that their devotion to the
former, in no wise conflicts with their fidelity to
the latter. And he who doubts, let him but read
the history of the Carroll family of Maryland, and
particularly the character of, and services ren-
dered his country by, the Rev. John Carroll, the
first Catholic Archbishop of the United States;
when, if he is an impartial man, he will doubt no
longer.
Mr. COX. Would- my colleague vote for a
man who believdti in the temporal supremacy of
a foreign potentate ?
Air. JEWETT. 1 will answer my colleague;
but I must first state that I know of none such
in my State or district. I will, however, answer
my colleague in the language of another. History
informs me that, on a celebrated occasion, King
James I. of England, I think it was, summoned
the twelve judges of the King's bench before him,
and directed his attorney to propound to these
judges certain questions touching nis (the King's)
prerogative. To these questions, eleven of the
judges responded in favor of the right claimed by
the sovereign. The Lord Chief Justice Coke
made no answer, of which he was instantly
reminded by the Attorney General; when Sir
Edwafd Coke replied:
" " When the case happens, I shall do that which will be fit
for a judge to do."
This is my answer to your question.
Mr. COX. I have no doubt but that yqa would
decide just as Lord Coke did. You are very
capable of doing that. Lord Coke was a good
Protestant, and ne would have decided against the
-Catholics.
Mr. JEWETT. Mr. Chairman, the party
whose principles and policy I have just been con-
sidering have presented to the country Mr. Fill-
more, of New York, as their candidate for the
Presidency, and claim for him the confidence and
support of the southern people, on the ground
that he is sound and reliable on the slavery ques-
tion; and as an evidence of his soundness, they
point us to the fugitive slave law and Mr. Fill-
more's approval of it, as evidence sufficient on that
.subject. I regret, Mr. Chairman, that I cannot
see in this single act of Mr. Fillmore such evi-
dence of nationality on this vexed question as I
should like. It will be remembered that Mr. Fill-
more was elected to the Chief Magistracy by the
Whig partv, and that one of the great and cardi-
nal principles of that party was undying hostility
to the veto power, or, as they termed it, the " one-
man power." It was a mooted question with that
party for a long time whether the veto power
should not be abridged; but finally, it was agreed
that it should not be exercised by the President,
except in cases of hasty legislation by Congress,
or the passage of a law by that body clearly un-
constitutional. It was under a banner on whose
folds were emblazoned these principles that Mr.
Fillmore and the Whig party marchcd into power
in 1852; and during the time Mr. Fillmore pre-
sided over the Senate the fugitive slave law was
brought forward, and discussed, and before it
passed the Senate, Mr, Fillmore, by the death
of General Taylor, became President. The bill
passed both Houses Congress; and all that
was required to give it force and effect was the
signature of the President. The bill being pre-
sented to him, and after taking the opinion of the
Attorney General, (a southern man,) he signed
the bill, and it became a law of the land. But the
great question for the consideration of the South
js: Did he approve the bill because it was a right
the South had, under the Constitution, to demand
at his hands? or did he approve it to be eonsistcut
.with his party and its principles, and not be the
first to tear from Us platform one of its principal
planks ? These are questions proper for the con-
sideration of the South, and I submit them for
their consideration without further comment, I
nothing doubting but that his congressional record
will be fairly considered, and their action gov-
erned accordingly.
Mr. Chairman, the Democratic party have pre-
sented to the American people for the Presidency
James Buchanan, of Pennsylvania—a statesman
of thirty-five years' standing—a man who en-
joyed the confidence of Jackson, of Polk, and
Pierce. No eulogy of him is required of me.
Suffice it to say, that his name and fame are en-
graven upon the hearts of the vicinage—they live
in the memory of men.
MEMORANDUM.
I have been requested by friends of both polit-
ical parties to furnish extracts of the territorial
laws enacted within a few years past, so far as
they relate to the right of suffrage, (or of voting,)
and I take this method of complying with these
numerous requests, from which it will be seen
that the provisions of the several acts in regard
to suffrage are substantially the same.
Oregon Territory.
" Every white male inhabitant, above the age of twenty-
one years, who shall have been a resident of said Territory
at the time of the passage of this act, and shall possess the
qualifications hereinafter prescribed, shall be entitled lo vote
at the first election, and shall be eligible to any office witlnn
the said Tenitory; but the qualifications of voters and of
holding office at all subsequent elections shall be such as
shall be prescribed by the Legislative Assembly: Provided,
That the right of suffrage and of holding office shall be ex
ereised only by citizens of the United States above the age
j of twenty on*' years, and those above that age who shall
have declared, on oath, their intention to become such, and
shall have taken an oath to support tile Constitution of the j
United States, and the provisions of this act." i
New Mexico. i
"Every free white male inhabitant above the age of
twenty-one years, who shall have been a resident of said
Tenitory at the time of the passage of this act, shall be
entitled to vote at the first election, and shall be eligible to ;
any office within the said Territory; but the qualifications
of voters and of holding office at all subsequent elections
Bhall be such as,shall be prescribed by the Legislative As-
sembly: Provided, That the right of suffrage and of hold- 1
< ing office shall be exercised only by citizens of the United |
! States, including those recognized as citizens by the treaty
with the Republic ofMexico,concludedFebruary2,1848."
Utah Territory.
"Every free white male inhabitant above the age of
twenty-one years, who shall have been a resident of said
Territory at the time of the passage of this act, shall be
, entitled to vote at the first election, and shall be eligible to
any office within the said Territory ; but the qualifications
of voters and of Iiolding*office at all subsequent elections
shall be such as shall be prescribed by the Legislative As-
sembly : Provided, That the right of suffrage and of hold-
ing office shall be exercised only by citizens of the United
States, including those recognized by the treaty with the
Republic of Mexico, concluded February 2,1848."
Minnesota Territory•
" Every free white male inhabitant above the age of
twenty-one years, who shall have been a resident ot said
Terntory at the time of the passage of this act, shall be en- j
titled to vote at the first election, and shall be eligible to any I
office within the said Territory; but the qualifications of i
voters and of holdingofiiee at all subsequent elections shall j
be such as shall be prescribed by tile Legislative Assembly:
Provided, That the light gf suffrage and of holding office
shaH be exercised only by citizens of the United States and
those who shall have declared on oath their intention to be-
come such, and shall have taken an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States and the provisions of this
act."
Nebraska and Kansas Territories.
" Every white male inhabitant above the age of twenty-
one years, who shall be an actual resident of said Territory,
and shall possess the qualifications hereinafter prescribed,
shall lie entitled to vote at the first election, and shall be
eligible to any officc within the said Territory; but the
qualifications of voters and of holding office at all subse-
quent elections shall be such as shall be prescribed by the
Legislative Assembly: Provided, That the right of suffrage
and of holding office shall be exercised only by citizens of
the United States, and those who shall have declared on
oatli their intention to bccome such, and shall have taken
an oath to^upport the Constitution of tile United States and
the provisions of this act."
Washington Territory.
"Every white mile inhabitant above the age of twenty-
one years, who shall have been a resident of said Territory
at the time of the passage of this act, and shall possess the
qualifications hereinafter prescribed, shall be entitled to vote
at the first election, and shall be eligible to any office within
the said Territory; but the qualifications of voters, and of
holding office at all subsequent elections, shall be such as
shall be prescribed by the Legislative Assembly: Provided,
That the right of suffrage, and of holding office, shall be
exercised only by citizens of the United States above the ,
age of twenty-one years, and those above that age who 1
shall have declared on oath their intention to become sufch,
and shall have taken an oath to support the Constitution
of the United States and the provisions of this act." I.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
REMARKS OF HON. E. D. CULLEN,
OF DELAWARE,
In the House or Representatives,
August 4, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. CULLEN* said: I find in a newspaper
called the Savannah Republican of July 29,
1856, a paper published in Savannah, Georgia,
what purports to be a speech of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] made to a portion of
his constituents on the occasion of a recent visit
to his home. Among other things in that speech
I find the following, to which 1 especially wish
to call the attention of that gentleman:
" Mr. Cobb pretended to discuss the claims of the several
candidates forthe Presidency and their respective prospects
of success; liovv well he succeeded I will endeavor to en-
able you to gather from a synopsis of his speech, so far as
I can relate from memory.
" Alter a few general remarks by way of introduction,
he charged upon the American pirty the folly of thinking
to elect Mr. Fillmore by throwing that election into the
House; for, said lie, the record stands thus: it requires
sixteen States to elect; Mr. Fiemont lias thirteen of the
northern and western States, without a doubt; Illinois and
Iowa, by some recent action in Congress, have demon-
strated where they stand — this gives Mr. Fremont fiiteen
States; he wants but one to elect him, and that one he has
in Delaware, who has hut one Representative in Congress,
and he has never failed to vote with the Black Republicans
in every trying issue, and in fact it was his vote placed
Banks in the Speaker's chair.
" Allowing, said he, for argument sake, that Mr. Fillmore
gets tour southern States, ivliat will that avail without
strong backing at the North .' But he will not get a single
northern State. Mr. Buchanan, he continued, will obtain
the strength of the southern vote, though by no means suf-
ficent to elect him ; and then quickly vaulting to the back
of that old Democratic hobby, the speaker urged the
American party, if they would not see an Abolitionist Pres-
ident, to dropMr. Fillmore,anil unite with them in electing
Mr. Buchanan by the voice of the people."
I ask the gentleman from Georgia whether
those words, or the substance of them, were ut-
tered by him upon the occasion referred to ?
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I have never been in
the habit of noticing these accounts given in polit-
ical papers of any speeches I make either here
or before the people in public assemblies. I never
have, during the time I have served as a member
of Congress, asked the privilege of making a per-
sonal explanation, and 1 never shall in all proba-
bility. These reports of our speeches are imper-
fect, and incorrect often, even when mttde here
by competent reporters; but when made by those
who profess — as this correspondent does—•>
give the substance of speeches from memory, it
not unfrequently happens, both with your polit-
ical friends and your political opponents, that
they misunderstand, and sometimes misrepresent,
what you have said.
Now, in order that I may place this matter
right before the gentleman from Delaware, and
before the country, it is proper that I should state
—not repeat the argument I then made—but that
I should state the point which I was urging be-
fore the people in the address I delivered, when
I recently visited my home. The position which
I took before the people there was this: that it
was dangerous to the interests and rights of our
section of the country to throw the election of
President into the House of Representatives; that
in my judgment the result of bringing the elec-
tion into the House of Representatives would be ,
the election of .Fremont. I based that opinion
upon this calculation: it required sixteen States
to elect; thirteen States were represented by a
majority of Mr. Fremont's friends upon this
floor. I did not state that Illinois and Iowa had,
by recent action of the House, exhibited where
they stood; and I allude to this as one evidence
that this reporter did not understand the argument
which I was offering. But I stated that, by the ,
recent action of the House, on the day before I
left for my home, Mr. Allen, of Illinois, had been
turned out of his seat; that if his seat was filled
by a Republican, and if a Republican was elected
from the district represented by Mr. Trumbull—
which district had given him two or three thou-
sand majority—it would give the State of Illinois
to Fremont. That would give him fourteen States.
I stated that th« State of Iowa was represented
