1856 j
appendix to the congressional globe.
1029
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Personal Explanation—Mr. Cullen.
Ho. of Reps.
by a Democrat and a Republican; that Mr. Hall
had been elected a year previous to the assem- |
bling of this Congress, and that, as I was in- i
formed, since the present session of Congress, [
Mr. Hall's seat had been contested, and would J
not probably be acted upop during the present :
session of Congress, but would go over until the ;
next sess'ion of Congress, when the presidential
election was over; and if Mr. Hall, by the same
majority which turned out Mr. Allen, was turned
out of his seat, the vote of Iowa would be given
to Fremont also, which would give him fifteen
States; that that result would place the presi-
dential election in the House in the hands and ,
in the power of the gentleman from Delaware, ,
and that I was unwilling to trust that power there.
I therefore called upon the people of my State not
to give a vote by which the presidential election
would be thrown into the House of Representa- j
tives, and would be dependent upon the vote of
the gentleman from Delaware. I did not state
that the gentleman from Delaware had voted
with the Black Republicans upon all these ques-
tions and issues, which is the point to which he
takes exception, and to whicn he would very
properly and justly take exception if I had so
stated.
I commented upon two votes given by the gen-
tleman from Delaware. One was on the Speaker's
election. I urged, with warmth and earnestness
before the people of that neighborhood, that at a
time when the whole South, without reference to
divisions of party, felt that their rights, and their
interests, and their safety, were to be placed in
jeopardy by the organization of this House being
given into the hands of a political party, purely 1
sectional in its character, and based upon hos-
tility to the rights and interests of the South—that
when the South with one united voice (with two
solitary exceptions) cast their votes for a Demo-
crat. although not the candidate of the Demo-
cratic party by caucus nomination, the gentle-
man from Delaware had resisted all the appeals !
made to him by his friends, that he had resisted !
the appeals which the South, by her interest in ;
that election, made to him; he, rather than give
his support to a Democrat—rather than vote for
Mr. Aiken, had thrown away his vote, and >
allowed the present Speaker of this House to be
elected as the representative of the same party
which is now urging the claims of Mr. Fremont j
for the Presidency. On that 1 based the argument i
and appeal which 1 made to my people, that, in j
my judgment,'the gentleman from Delaware—if
the election came into the House of Representa-
tives—could, under no circumstances, be induced
to give his vote to Mr. Buchanan. I endeavored
to show the people that Mr. Fillmore never would
be elected before the people; that before the j
House he stood no chance of election; that the
issue was between Buchanan and Fremont; and
that the gentleman from Delaware, by his vote in
the Speakership election, had given evidence,
satisfactory and conclusive to my own mind, 1
that whatever danger might imperil the South
from the success of Mr. Fremont, that same
danger, in my judgment, had imperiled our in-
terests in the success of Mr. Banks as Speaker;
that the gentleman from Delaware had resisted ;
the appeals in one case, and would resist them ;
in the other. I believe the gentleman from Dela-
ware will not now say that he would not. I j
■would not do him injustice; but I declare it is my ,
fixed conviction, that he would not, under any ,
circumstances, give his vote to Mr. Buchanan, j
The other vote to which I alluded as having !
been given by the gentleman from Delaware is
not referred to by that correspondent. But, sir,
as I have discovered since my return that 4
did him injustice in the reference to that other
vote, although his attention ha$ not been called
to it by that article, I feel it due to him and to
myself that I should now refer to it, in order that,
when these remarks reach the people whom I
addressed on that occasion, any impression made
by these previous remarks may be removed. I
refer to another trying and exciting issue, in which
the people of the South felt so deep and keen an
interest—the one growing out of the motion to
expel Mr. Brooks; and I stated that the gentle-
man from Delaware had voted for the expulsion
of Mr. Brooks. I made that statement because
the gentleman from Delaware had, on the inves-
tigation of this matter, risen and stated to the
House that he had changed his opinion on the , t
subject, and he made a very able defense and ! resolutions that possibly could have been de-
i four Democrats, so celebrated at the commence-
j ment of the present session, when they went into
caucus, and passed one of the most offensive
argument on behalf of Mr. Edmundson. I con-
cluded that he intended to vote for the other res-
olution against Mr. Brooks and Mr. Keitt.
The remark was frequently made, that only one
gentleman from the South had voted for that res-
olution; and the impression was made on my
mind, as upon the minds of others, that that vote
was given by the gentlemanfrom Delaware. But,
as he has stated to me that I was not correct in
that matter, I desire to correct myself by saying
that he did not vote at all on the resolutions as to
the expulsion of Mr. Brooks, but voted for the
resolution censuring Mr. Keitt, and voted against
the resolution censuring Mr. Edmundson.
I have given the points which I made in that
speech; and, if it were proper, I would go through
with the same argument here for the whole country
as I made for the people of my own town on
the subject. I will close by repeating the firm
conviction of my judgment, that the people who
desire tire defeat of Mr. Fremont for the Presi-
vised, especially holding up the American party
to scorn and contempt. 1 saw that resolution,
and I relt from my heart that it was a libel upon
us. I felt indignant that such an imputation
should have been cast upon the party of which I
was a member. I felt that the American party
did not deserve it. But they did not stop there.
A few days after, the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Cobb] rose in Ins place in this House,
and made a speech, in which he took great ex-
! ceptions to some of the principles held by the
American party. He said something about hor-
rible oaths and obligations taken by the members
of that party. Another gentleman—the gentle-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Jones,] also
made a speech, to which I felt that I had the
right to take exceptions. The honorable gentle-
man from Alabama, from the Mobile district,
! [Mr. Walker,] a member of the American party,
made a proposition, pending the election of the
Speaker of this House, to meet the Democratic
dency ought to see to it that the election does not party in caucus in this Hall to nominate a candi
" . . . 1 1 . 1 i I ,1 i 1 A  -     .  .1 X U n TIAI'M /V
come to the House of Representatives.
Mr. CULLEN. I am very much gratified at the
statement made by the gentleman from Georgia,
and at his admission that he had done me injustice
in the remarks which he had made on the evening
in question in Athens, in the State of Georgia.
I must say, Mr. Chairman, in regard to that
matter, that the honorable gentleman had no
grounds on which he could infer that my vote
would be for Fremont in the presidential election,
in case it should come into the House of Repre-
sentatives. He could draw no such conclusion
from anything that I had previously said or done,
as that I would vote for Mr. Fremont. Such a
contingency, sir, never once entered my mind,
until I saw that report of the gentleman's speech.
Did I come here as a Democrat? No, sir, but
against the will and vote of every Democrat in
the State of Delaware, with the exception of some
half dozen or dozen votes of my personal friends.
Did they send me here to support Democracy?
Did that large and respectable party, which is
date, and that both the American and the Demo-
cratic parties should unite in electing him. To this
proposition every member of the American party
was willing to accede. How was that proposition
met by the Democratic party in the House?
"No, said the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
" we cannot receive you. If you come into cau-
cus with us, you must come to us as Democrats.
We will receive you in no other w'ay." Sir, the
words had scarcely passed from his lips before
they went to my heart, and I resolved that I
would never vote for the Democratic candidate
for Speaker of this House. Sir, I know of no
such distinctions in parties as this. Is one party
\ so much above the other, so much more honor-
|j able, or more respectable, as to require the other
|j to acknowledge its inferiority before it will be
1 allowed to unite with them? I do not so Under-
: stand it. I did not so understand gentlemen who
jj were connected with the American party, that
they would so degrade themselves, that they
would take upon themselves degrading obliga-
! U1U lliat large aim i copcoiamc ycuiy > *v ni^n xa     ,v i i j
the predominant party in that State, send me j tions, or would make disreputable acknowledg-
* * .-rv1 1  1  I 1  - —   _ / >U« ..nlnn itrifrlk 4 U O 11 r 
here to support Democratic principles, when they
knew that I had long since turned my back upon
them, had abandoned them, had left them, and
gone from them forever? No, sir; and even
the very individuals—from among my personal
friends—of the Democratic party who supported
me, if they had believed that I could ever betray j
the confidence reposed in me, and that I, holding
myself up to the world as an American, Could
come here and lay aside Americanism and sup- :
port Democracy, they, instead of supporting
me, would have pointed at me the finger of scorn
1 and contempt. No honorable man would ever
I support one who had held himself up to the world j
! as one thing, and then—after confidence being
' reposed in him—had betrayed that confidence,
I had turned traitor to his professed principles, ;
! and had disgraced those who had elected nim.
; I came here with no prejudice against individuals
1 ofthe Democratic party, with no prejudice against
| individuals of the Republican party. I did not
know what the views of the latter were. I knew j
nothing of the views of the American party, i
further than had been elicited in my own State, :
and at those meetings in which their proceedings
had been made public, and which I read in the .
public prints. 1 supposed it to be a national j
party—that it was truly a national party. I
joined it as a national party; I came here as a
national man. I sat here ready to vote for any
man who was a national man, without regard to
his Democracy or Whiggery. I cared not what
his antecedents were: if he were a true man; if
he were a man who loved fhis Union; if he were
a man who would support the Constitution—a
man who loves his country, a man of right char-
acter and true principles, and competent for the
station—whether Democratic or Whig, or what-
ever might have been his antecedents—he would i
have received my vote as against any other maft
whom I did not know to be national and attached
to the Constitution of the country. And such
were my feelings until the meeting of the seventy-
ments for the sake of union with the Democratic
party. Some time after this it was rumored about
the House that the Americans were going to vote
for the Democratic candidate for Speaker. I felt
some concern, some uneasiness about it. I in-
quired of a number of gentlemen—Democrats—
to know if this-was so. Doubtless, they said, it
was. I then went to gentlemen of the American
party, and asked whether it were so, and " No"
was the unanimous response. Well, sir, soon
after I obtained the floor, and declared to the
House that I would vote for no man for Speaker
j who had been in that Democratic caucus, and had
; voted for tne resolutions ad opted by that caucus,
or for any one who approved of those resolutions,
or ofthe remarks of the gentlemen from Georgia
and Pennsylvania, to which I have referred.
I After the speech made by the gentleman from
Georgia, and the speech made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, I resolved, as before stated,
that I-would. never vote for any man for Speaker
of this House who had voted for these resolu-
tions, or approved them. I held to that purpose
to the end of the contest, and I looked upon it as
one of the highest, honors ever conferred upon
me to meet the approving smiles of my constitu-
: ents, when I returned home, saying to me, "Well
done, good and faithful servant, yon have acted
out your principles; you have done what we
would have had you do." This was the response
which 1 everywhere met with when I returned
home. My constituents were rejoiced at the
course I had taken. Yes, sir, and more than two
thirds of the Democrats in my State, I have rea-^
soil to believe, approved the course 1 had taken.
They said, elected, as I had been, by Americans,
i I could not have done otherwise.
i Where does the gentleman get the obligations
, which I was under to vote for Mr. Aiken?
Were those obligations legal, equitable,.or moral >.
How did they arise ? I deny that I was under
' any obligations to vote for any nominee or can-
; didate of the Democratic party. I had the right
