1090
APPENDIX. TO THii CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- . — ■     .  —
[August 4,
34th Cong....1st Skss.
Personal Explanation—Mr. Cobb, of Georgia.
Ho. of Reps..
to vote for whom I pleased; but it was my duty
  to vote for the nominee of my own party. I was
satisfied with him. I supported the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller,]
and voted for him from first to last. I voted for
him for a week or ten days before I even knew
him by sight. He frequently passed me,'and I
did not know that he was the oandidate for whom
I was voting.
Now, sir, the honorable gentleman from Geor-
gia says that the Representative from Delaware
was the cause of tne election of Mr. Banks.
Sir, I not only say that the Representative from
Delaware was not the cause, either directly or
indirectly, of the election of Mr, Banks, but I
eay that the Democratic party in this House were
indirectly the cause of liis election, and how.'
By the Constitution of the country a majority
was required to elect. We were acting under the
rule of that Constitution. Well, sir, after the
plurality rule had been introduced and voted on
time after time, I ask the gentleman from Geor-
gia to look over the record, and he will find that
in not one single instance did the Representative
from Delaware vote for that rule. I state to that
gentleman that I would have voted" against that
rule to this day. How, then, was Mr. Banks
elected ? The American party voted against that
rule. That rule was adopted by the votes of the
Democratic and of the Republican parties, and
not by the votes of the American party.
After the plurality rule had been adopted, was
it not evident to all who was to be the Speaker ?
It was easy to see when the plurality rule was
adopted what was going to be the result. But
the plurality rule was adopted, and the ballotings
provided for under it were taken, and upon the
last ballot, when Mr. Banks was elected, the
name of the Representative from Delaware, wi£h
five others, stands recorded for Henri M, Fcllir.
I believed then that it was my duty to vote as I
did. I believe it now.
But now, the honorable gentleman from Geor-
fla says that he believes I would vote for Mr.
'rfmont. Well, sir, how did I vote in the contest
for Speaker? 1 remained true and faithful to my
party. I voted with them from first to last. Sir,
my party have nominated Mr. Fillmore, of New
York,as their candidate for the Presidency. I ap-
prove of the nomination. I give the nominee my
support; and I will say to the gentleman from
Georgia that I will vote for him if the election
comes to this House; and I can join with the gen-
tleman in saying that my hope is that the election
may be settled by the people, and that it may not
C0me to this House. But, if God, in his provi-
dence, so orders that it shall be brought here and
decided by this House, I trust I shall do my duty
then as I did it in the contest for the election of
Speaker. I will vote for Mr. Fillmore on the first,
on the second, on the third, and on the last bal-
lot, and on every ballot. I will not look to con- :
tingencies to say whether I would vo(f for either ]
Mr. Buchanan or Mr. Fremont. Whatconnec- |
tion is there between them and myself? I am not i
the partisan of either of them. I have no con- |
nection with either of them. They were not !
nominated by me, nor by my political party. I ;
may have a feeling of preference between them,
but it is my duty to make no choice. I take the
• course which 1 believe to be that of an honest
man. The pathway of duty is the path of safety.
It becomes an honest man to act well his part, to
be faithful and true,and to leave all consequences
to God, who can overrule them at his will and
pleasure. That is my determination. 1 intend
to perform my duty. I will, if God spares my
life and faculties, vote truly and faithfully for
Millard Fillmore from first to last, if the election
comes into this House; and I will not vote for
Mr. Buchanan, or for Mr. Fremont. I have no
choice between them. Here is a plain road for
me te travel. Shall I go away from that road?
Shall my Way be tortuous and winding ? Shall I
raise up difficulties for the purpose of encounter-
ing them? No, sir; there are no difficulties in
my path. My constituents are for Mr. Fillmore.
All my party go for him in a mass. Some months
ago, I thought otherwise. I gave up the State of
Delaware as lost. Recent information, however,
enables me to say that that old Common wealth
will go for Millard Fill mow. -
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will ask by what kind
of morality the honorable gentleman from Georgia
will ask an American to abandon his candidate
and resort to Mr. Buchanan? Would such a
course be honorable ? He says that Mr. Fillmore
cannot be elected. He cannot be elected if no-
body will vote for him. It is the duty of every
man to vote right, remembering his duty, and
not concern himself about others. I believe—
my opinion may not be entitled to much weight—
but 1 do as firmly believe as 1 do in my existence,
that if the presidential election is settled in this
House, the decision will, the House voting by
States, be in favor of Mr. Fillmore. I do not pro-
fess to be a prophet, but I believe as I have said.
It may be remarked that the wish is father to
the thought. So it may be. But that will not
excuse me, whether he can be elected or not, for
the non-performance of my duty. It is my duty
to vote for the nominee of my party. 1 have
never, in word or deed, expressed anything to
the contrary. But it is not my intention to make
any declaration in regard to a preference between
Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Fremont. I cannot con-
ceive of a case in which I can be called an to de-
cide between them. If the three-presidential candi-
dates are returned to this House, I cannot conceive
of any case, supposing them all to be living, in
which I shall be justified, as a man of honor, in
abandoning my nominee and voting for another.
I can foresee no such contingency. Until I do, I
will make no choice as between Buchanan and
FrCmont. I leave that for others. 1 may have a
Freference, but that preference I shall not express,
shall not express it by my vote.
I have said all I wish to say on that subject,
and matters connected with it. I hope my pro-
spective vote may not again be made the subject of
another speech. Whether it is. or not, I will say
that neither coaxing, nor bribery, nor threats, will
i move me from my course.
If God spares my life and faculties, I will un-
questionably give my vote as I have indicated. I
shall do my duty in that respect cheerfully and
faithfully, leaving consequences.to God.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask the indulgence
of the committee for a single moment, to make a
reply to what hits been said by the gentleman
from Delaware. I find, sir, that in my appeal
to my people I was not mistaken—that 1 was not
at fault in the conviction which forced itself on
my mind, and which I expressed to them. 1
desire the point clearly and distinctly to be under-
stood by the country. The gentleman from Del-
aware has made it. He has no choice between
Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Fremont.
Mr. CULLEN. That was not the expression
I used.
Mr. COBB. That was the language.
Mr. CULLEN. I said that.f might have a
preference, but I had no choice.
Mr. COBB. Exactly; the gentleman has no
choice between them. If he has a preference he
will not express it. That is the position which
the gentleman from Delaware occupies. The ar-
gument I urged before my people was, that it was
dangerous to their rights and interests to allow
the decision of this presidential question to come
into the House where it would be dependent on
the contingency I have already discussed on the
vote of the gentleman from Delaware. He in-
forms the House now that we may read his future
conduct by his record of the past; that in the
course which he pursued in reference, to the
Speaker's election we may see foreshadowed what
he will do in the event the election for President
comes before the House of Representatives. It
was my argument, that the gentleman from Del-
aware would not vote for a Democrat though that
vote might defeat the candidate of the Republican
O. Reading with the light of that record, was
authorized to Sfcy to my people that the
gentleman would npt defeat the election of the
Republican candidate for the Presidency if he
were required to vote for a Democrat?
► Mr. CULLEN. I did not say so. I said it
was my duty to vote- for Mr. Fillmore; that I
would so do on the first, second, third, and last,
and on all the ballots,
Mr. COBB. Exactly so. He would not vote
for either of th«av, and mthat conrmction he stales
that it would be dishonorable in him to abandon
his own party to give his'vote to the candid ate-
of either of the other parties, and yet the gentle-
man from Delaware expresses the opinion, that
Mr. Fillmore can be elected by this House.
Does he expect the members of the Democratic
party, or the members of the Republican party,
to vote for Mr. Fillmore? If so, he expects them
to do that which he denounces to be dishonorable.
He expects a party, twice the number of his own
—the Democratic party in this House—to abandon
their candidate, and do what he denounces to be
dishonorable, in order to elect Fillmore,* or else
he looks for the support of the other side of the
House, and the same rule applies there. But, sir,
I am not going to argue this; I only want this
point distinctly made and understood.
The gentleman from Delawere has seen fit to
refer to the Speaker's election in another respect;
and charges that the Democratic party is respons-
ible for the election of Speaker Banks, and not
himself and another representative from the
South. I will not go over the Speaker's election,
but the record of this House will show these
facts—important facts to be understood in this
connection—that the plurality rule had been of-
fered over and over again and defeated: that that
plurality rule never could—never did receive, a
majority of the votesof this House, until the day
before the election of Mr. Banks—until five of the
friends of Mr. Fillmore, from the North, had voted
for Mr. Aiken, and when it was known, that if
those five would repeat the same vote under the
plurality rule which they had given under, the
majority rule—and there was the same reason to
expect it in the one case as in the other—the elec-
tion of Mr. Aiken would be certain. I say, until
that vote was given on Friday, when those Demo-,
crats who voted for the plurality rule had thft
assurance tliatMr. Aiken would be elected, under
the plurality rule, it never was adopted. Upon
the strength of that assurance, a small portion of
them did unite with the majority of the House
and pass the plurality rule; and the day after that
vote was given, when the question was to be de-
cided—when th& most trying issue—one in which
the South felt were involved their dearest and
deepest rights and interests—when the issue upon
which all the rest hung and was-dependent was-
to be determined, the gentleman from Delaware
resisted, with that sternness-which he has por-
trayed here to-night, the appeals made to him by
his southern friends, ana his northern friends-
refused to give the votes which they had given
the day before. The result is too well known.
Mr. Banks wps elected, under the plurality rule,
Speaker of this House.
Mr. WHITNEY. Our Democratic friends,
whenever this question has arisen, Jiave placed
themselves—in order to escape the responsibility
of the plurality rule—in this attitude: that if the
gentlemen who voted for Mr. Aiken on Friday
would have voted for him on Saturday—and that,
they had no reason to believe they would not da
so—Mr. Aiken would have been elected. Now,
sir, as I am one of the party interested in that
matter, I take this occasion to say, that before
the plurality rule was proposed in the House on-
Saturday, I distinctly stated to Democrats upon
this floor that I would not vote for Mr. Aiken;
and that, if they adopted the plurality rule, they
must do it upon their own responsibility. That
was distinctly understood throughout the House*
And the same understanding applies to other gen-
tlemen who voted for Mr. Aiken the day before.
I say, sir, in consequence of certain. demonstra-
tions made between the time of the vote on Friday?
and tlie vote on Saturday, I declared that it wa*
utterly impossible for me to vote for Mr. AikeNi
with all my respect for that gentleman as. a man.
Mr. COBB. Of that I cannot say. If those
announcements were made, they were made, m-
privafe, and they were not made to the country
or the House. I know not whether they were
made to those who voted for the plurality rule
before they gave their votes, or not. That is &
matter between the gentlenaaj) and those Dem-
ocrats who voted for the plurality rule. I do
know that, after the adoption of the plurality,
rule, those who had given it their votes, and:<fe
large portion of the Democrats, were confident of
the-siwees# of Mr. Aiir#, based uponthe,
