1886.}:
APPENDIX TQ Tm& COflGJIESSdONAU GLOBE.
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Savage.
Ho  or Riws.
money. I' '3 a great contest, and may bring,
ts some fear it wiil, the dash of arms, the shout
of battle, and civil war. The elements of social
ind national harmony are broken up; and the
bitter waters of sectional hatred and party strife
burst in upon us from every quarter of the hori-
jon; all decency, ail propriety, all respects for
truth, justice, and the constitutional rights of the
South, are forgotten or disregarded by our ad-
re rsaries, who, casting off the duties of states-
men and the character of gentlemen, refuse even
the poor security of personal responsibility for
the falsehood and slander they utter.
This whole system of party warfare is lawless
and revolutionary; and, being founded on false
assumptions, evinces a fixed design to rule or
ruin. Kansas is made a pretext, but it is simply
a part of the general agitation long since com-
meuced. As the foundation of their system, they
assume the equality of the negro and Anglo-
Saxon races; and their doctrines, if carried out,
could neTer titrate the negro, but would sink him
lover, and carry the white man down to his
level. While they speak these things, their acta
prove the hypocrisy of their professions^ Until
these grave senators, divines, and politicians, take
to themselves wives, and give their daughters in
marriage, and commingle on equal terms with the
African, they have failed to do that which is most
material to establish their own sincerity and the
practical wisdom of their theories.
Admitting that negro slavery is constitutional,
and that they dare not touch it in the States
where it exists, yet for political effect, in vio-
lation of a plain principle of law, they abuse , the
South for the enjoyment of a constitutional right,
and utter perpetual threats against an institution
they dare not molest; thus trampling under
foot the bond of their fathers, and pouring out
words more bitter than gall or wormwood on the
..eads of their brothers. One people cannot inflict
greater wrongs than these upon another.
Sir, the negro is nottlie equal of the white.man;
«nd the politician who asserts that he is, cannot
be otherwise than dishonest. In the northern
States, from whence this destroying flood of slan-
der and abuse assails our peace, he is an outcast
and a stranger. Shorn of his civil and social rights,
he drags out a miserable existence—a living mon-
ument of the hypocrisy and bitter hostility of
northern demagogues to the southern people. I
am here to tell these wicked agitators that, when
they assert that African slavery is an evil, or a
crime, socially, morally, politically, or in the sight
of God, they recklessly contradict the words of
revelation and the history of mankind; neither in
the commands, nor the providence of Omnipo-
tence, have woes been pronounced against it. In
vain may they look in the decalogue, the teach-
ing t>f the prophets, or the gospel of our Savior,
for its condemnation;, but it is sufficient for the
purposes of this argument, to appeal to the annals
of history, and ask where are the achievements of
the negro?—where are his empires?—where his
science ?—where his civilization ?—where the fields
of his glory or the monuments of hia greatness ?
They are not seen upon the face of the earth, nor
are they found in the volumes that record the
glories of fallen nations. He has lived upon the
world in barbarism and" blood, and the pathway
of his existence might now be unknown, but for
lights of surrounding nations that have shone
upon the darkness of his abode. The brightest
page in the history of tha race is that which re-
cords the servitude of the slaves of the United
States. _ In morals, in intelligence, in happiness
and religion, in steady and effective industry,
there is no nation of free negroes half their
equals, nor ever has been. It is folly now to
expect,.in the future, what the past has wholly
failed to produce. Indeed, it may be asserted
with perfect truth, that there is not to be found,
upon the face of the globe, a body of laborers
whose physical wants, are so well supplied, and
whose toils add so much to the general happi-
ness and welfare of the world. What, negro
slave ever failed to pay his lawyer's or doctor's
bill; or suffered for bread or bacon to eat, or for
somebody to watch over him when sick ? If you
do not own him, you eat the bread, the meat, the
sugar, and the riee- that he produces, and w«ar,
the cotton that he cultivates; he pays as mush,
!! taxes as you, and lessens your burdens. Away,
Ijthnn, with your vile fabrications about *' the
l| blighting curse of slavery!" God has not con-.
I j demned it, and the nations have practiced it in
|! all ages. Civil government is lawful only because
; it conduces in the greatest degree to the general
welfare. The same great principle of public policy
demands that the Americo-negro should forever be
a slave. The white man who fails or refuses to
control the negro who lives on the same soil with
him, violates the will of Heavon as much as he
would by a war upon all government. God, has
given to one the talent to govern—the other is
only fit to be a slave. It is charity, brotherly love,
moral duty, political wisdom, national wealth
and power, to hold him in servitude, which is the
only position that he hasyet shown himself capa-
ble of filling. To turn him loose among usWould
ruin the white race, and bea selfish cruelty to the
negro, as base as that of Dives to L*azarus. In
mental and physical characteristics he is different
and antagonistic to the white man; and all the
tears of his pretended friends cannot make his
skin white, or elevate him to the level of the supe-
, rior race. Their course questions the ways of
Omnipotence in regard to their colored brethren;
but tney may find consolation in the reflection,
that there are many strange facieinGod's provi-
dence, the reason of which his creatures cannot
know. I wonder every day why it is, that these
! pestiferous swarms of noisy politicians, clad in
the sable habiliments of the negro—more fearful
and disgusting than the plagues of Egypt—with
slander, faction, strange doctrine, and unholy
aspersions in their mouths, come up from every
quarter of our northern borders, tb destroy our
good name, dishonor our homes, overturn the
Constitution, and shed the blood of the first born
of the land, by civil war. Can it be, that, in the
;■ very morning of our national existence, the wrath
i of an offended Heaven is to be visited upon us?
or may we not believe that the prince of darkness,
attacking our early weakness, as he did our first
parents in the Garden of Eden, has Jet loose this
: | odious brood from the infernal world, to destroy
'i a Government whose progress to greatness will
II banish discord and tyranny from the world?
The number, skill, and capital of immigration,
being chiefly confined to the northern States, t>as
given them a preponderance in population, but
furnishes no ground for coarse and vulgar philip-
pics against the institution of slavery. In all the
elements that, constitute a -wise, powerfnl, and
prosperous community, the southern people are
fully equal to their northern brethren. Perhaps
my partiality might place the people and institu-
tions of my native State far in the ascendant, but
such comparisons are unbecoming; though I will
say to northern gentlemen, I have seen your
States—go and look at mine. You will find no
" blighting curse of slavery" there; nor will you
boast, unless falsehood suits you better than truth.
The freest men that live are found in the south-
ern States; no white man there can be.made a
slave. We are ypur equals, and must forever
be, or this Union cannot stand. Of. every inch
of territory, acquired by our common blood and
treasure, we claim a share. We are willing to
submit its destiny to the great law of settlement
and population. We ask no aid to help us on;
but congressional power shall never again destroy
our rights. You abuse, us, and we submit; not
because we are weak, but because you are our
countrymen. The South is fully equal to her
own defense. Count our negroes as part of our
ale, and no equal number of men can thisday
und upon the globe possessing as inuch mil-
itary power. Our social system, you impliedly
admit to be better than yours; for, when brought
in conflict, yours is borne down, and you cry to
Congress, " Save us—or we sink !"
I will now read the testimony of the Hon. Dan-
iel Macs, and showthat this Kansas matter caps
the climax of this .dishonest system of political
warfare:
" Immediately after the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska
act, X, together with a number of others, who were mem-
bers of Congress am) Senators, believing that the tendency
of that act would be to make Kansas a slave-State.in order
to prevent it, formed an association here in Washington,
called, If f recollect a right*" The Kansas Aid Society." I
dpriwt jein«wlm a#jW| ifc beciyiM.niqmbera of fftat secjety,
buimfM member*.who- oppo ed to. sil-
very in Kansas, of the lower Home, andalypot" the Senate)
became members of it. and siih.vrilietl various mins of
mon-v. 1 think t subscribed either $30 or ®H)0; I am rtot
now prepared to any winch." * * *   «
" My recollection is. tliiUcnersllv, those members of the
House and Senate who were opposed to the Kansas-Ne-
braska act became members ot'Uiissocietv, and contributed
to it." * * * w *  "*   *
" I do not recollect whether Mr. Speaker Banks was a
member of that society or not, or whether Senator Seward
was or not. Mr. Goodrich "kept the books. My impres-
sion is, that a majority of those who voted against the bill
were members ot that organization. 1 do not remember
the total amount of money raised by means of that organi-
zation. We had a room here, and employed a secretary,
and consequently had expense* to pay. I do not know the
amount raised. 1 think there were persons, members of,
that association, who were not ineuiliersof either House of
Congress. Mr. Latham was appointed treasurer, but de-
clined; and my impression is, that Mr. Blair became the
treasurer; but I may be mistaken about that."
Here is clearly shown a conspiracy of all tha
opposition members of the Senate and House of
Representatives, with many other?, to defeat an*
act passed by Congress in. accordance with the
forms of the Constitution. They levy money to
resist the laws of the United States, and in-
reason and morals are as much responsible for
consequences as if they had " levied, war." Ye,,
now, they come shedding guilty tears over
•'bleeding Kansas," covered though they ba
with the crimes of treason, murder, and civil war.
Many of you who hold seats on this floor in
connection with such men as Sumner, Seward,
Hale, and Wilson, have not only given " aid
and comfort," but you are the real authors of
this, bloody drama of treason and revolution, that
now disturbs^our peace and stains our history;
on your heads rests the guilt of every drop of
blood that has been shed, and every life that has
been lost in that unfortunate struggle. Posterity
will write the dark sentence against you, of cow-
ardly conspirators and law-breakers, who dared
not " nobly face, the horrid front of war;" but,
standing far away from the bloody conflict, in
hope of political aggrandizement, you coolly urged
your deluded victims on to battle and to death.
Your treason is no less distinctly marked; your
agencies no less.corrupt and infamous; your at-
tempts against the peace and safety of the nation
are no less impudent and dangerous, than Cat-
iline's to the Roman republic; and yet you still
live to disgrace the country you have tried to
ruin. Ana now, her? before the world, in the
names of the Dctyfca al)d the Wilkinsons, once
citizens of my own State, whose innocent blood,
now cries from the plains of Kansas for ven-
geance. I denounce you as guilty murderers,
such as I have described, and against whom tha,
weeping widow and helpless orphan, should im-
plore the wrath of an insulted nation.
What Better evidence could you furnish the-
world of your revolutionary designs, than this
attempt to transfer the government of Kansas to
your guilty, agents, wljo, under your, traitorous
advice, have made war upon the_ government
which Congress established ? If you had enter-
tained an honest purpose to settle this question
fairly, without an appeal to the God of battles,
why did you not bring in a bill securing the free-
dom of the ballot-box by every possible restric-
tion, and proyjde for the assembling of a con-
vention to form a State constitution, for admission
into the Union with or without slavery, as they
should determine? You know that, if this was.
done, whatever might be the result, tha southern
people would submit without , a. murmur; but it
suited your purpose better to indorse the treason
you had created, and excite sectional hatred and
party strife to their wildest deeds, by artfully
uttering your war cries, " Restoration of the Mis-
souri compromise!" " No more slave States or
slave Territories shall be allowed to the Union !"
To prove the hypocrisy and insincerity of this,
loud lament over the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise, it is only necessary to advert to. a few
facts. When dia northern men become so much
in love with that measure, and what was it that
stirred the deep fountains of their affections? It-
was not thus in 1820, nor was it in 1848, when
every northern man in the House, but four, voted,
down a proposition to extend this compromise to
the Pacific. Nor was it in 1850, when southern
Representatives unanimously, for near fifty times,
proposed and humbly begged their northern breth-
ren to extend this line, and thar*by,?ow«,<wiet.
