1036
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 30,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
River and'Harbor Improvements—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
the strife that threatened our national safety.
Northern men were then swift to trample this
note darling measure under their feet, against the
▼otes and wishes of every southern man, regard-
less of the dangers that then beset the Union; for
it did seem that the heavy footsteps of the angry
god of war might almost be heard trampling
down your Capitol and Constitution. So fierce
and unyielding was the opposition, that my hon-
orable colleague, (Mr.G. W. Jones,) in a speech
which he made, said he would accept the Missouri
compromise; but to advocate it was to oppose a
settlement. And my then colleague, (Hon. A.
Ewing,) said, in substance: "The people of Ten-
nessee are for the compromise bill; but it is time
to understand the North. We do not wish the
concessions of this bill, like Dead Sea fruit, to
turn to ashes on our lips. Non-intervention
admits States free or slave, as the people may
determine. If, hereafter, we are to struggle for
our rights, adjustment is useless." And thus it
is seen that northern men, by repudiating and re-
fusing to carry it out, repealed and annulled the
very act they now clamor for, and in law and in
conscience discharged southern men from all its
obligations.
The principle of non-intervention, commonly
called the compromise of 1850, was established
upon the ruins of the geographical line of 1820. ■
Thai clause in the Utah, iNew Mexico,and Kan- j
sas-Nebraaka bills, which gives to the people of I
those Territories the power to form their own i
constitution, with or without slavery, effectually
repeals all former restrictions. The repealing
section of the Kansas bill adds nothing to its
strength; and if stricken out, southern interests |
under the bill would not in any degree be weak- j
ened. To have carried out the Missouri com- :
promise according to its intent and meaning, it '
should have been extended to the Pacific ocean;
and although it violated the rights of freemen to
form their own government, and was therefore
unconstitutional and void from the beginning,
yet the South, regarding it as an honorable agree-
ment, entered into by contending parties to escape
the dangers of a destroying litigation, kept it in :
good faith up to 1850, when the whole North, I
as they had. done in 1848, almost unanimously |
trampled it under foot, in spite of southern effort.
You did this to secure to yourselves California, !
Utah, and New Mexico: and then, in 1854, to :
rob us of Kansas, you clamored for its renewal, 1
and entered into secret and fraudulent societies
to defeat the law that guarantied our rights; and
now, having failed in all these things, like desper-
* ate and beaten gamesters, whose trumps have
been exhausted, you attempt on this .floor, by
force of superior numbers, to seize the stakes.
With these facts before the world, northern
Representatives stand up here, and talk about 1
" broken faith," violated compacts," "audacious
encroachments of the slave power." And now, !
sir, I dare these lordly hypocrites, one and all, :
■who claim to be statesmen and lovers of truth, j
to rise here and show me a single instance, before '
1854, where northern men ever sustained or voted
for the Missouri compromise, or any other com-1
promise upon the question of slavery. At the |
subsequent Congress, Messrs. Jackson and Hill-
yer each introduced resolutions affirming the 1
compromise of 1850 as a final settlement of the i
slavery agitation. Ten Whigs, and thirty-six !
Democrats, was the largest vote ever given by j
the North for either of these resolutions; and I j
again challenge northern men to show where, at i
any other time, they have given so many votes j
m favor of this or any other compromise. I
These facts ought to disgrace forever, in the I
sight of honest men, those reckless leaders who i
have disturbed the peace and quiet of the coun-
try by a false clamor. Yet, sir, I regret to say
that it does not; but injuries to our people are
repaid by honors at home. The South is already
regarded by these leaders as a conquered and
dishonored province, that they may slander and
trample down to the lowest degradation in perfect
safety. No statement is too false or monstrous
to be proclaimed to their misguided ^followers.
In the New York Herald, of the 20th of June,
a man named Wilson, from the State_ of Massa-
chusetts, at a meeting in Philadelphia, to ratify
the nomination of Fremont, is reported to have
said: " In the South there were fifteen slave
States, which were growing poorer under the
blighting curse of slavery; there freedom of
speech was unknown; there was no free press;
there labor was not respected; there the laborer
was degraded." I brand this whole statement
as a false, reckless, and infamous slander, well
known to him who uttered it.
The South is not only rich and growing richer
most rapidly, but her agricultural products are
one of the greatest elements of our national pros-
perity and power, and especially of the manu-
facturing and commercial greatness of Massachu-
setts. And it may well be doubled whether there
is a spot on the habitable globe where freedom of
speech and independence of action are so fully
enjoyed as bv the citizens of the southern States.
There you find no fanaticism, no popular cur-
rents; no combination of demagogues to force
individual cooperation; and it is astonishing that
there should be found upon this continent abeing
in the sht^pe of man so lost to all sense of shame
as to utter a slander so false and groundless.
The next charge, that " there is no free press
in the South," considering that the papers from
all parts of the Union are read there, is so pal-
pably malicious and false that it is impossible to
conceive a moti^for its utterance, except that it
be a rule of Black Republicanism that its greatest
slanderer is entitled to its highest honor. The
free white men are all equal in the South—the
honest laborer is universally respected and kindly
treated. Nothing would be more likely to arouse
a southern community than an attempt to degrade
a free man. In the South the poor man is re-
spected for his color, while in the North wealth
is the rule of distinction and poverty is scorned
and excluded from the social circle to a far greater
extent than with the southern people.
When, frohi such a state of things, you find a
man uttering a falsehood calculated to arouse the
hostile feelings of two great sections of our coun-
try, it is fair to conclude that there is no crime
or deed of darkness beneath the sun that he would
not commit for the smallest consideration, pro-
vided it involved no personal danger. Such a
man will destroy your character—steal your prop-
erty—swear away your liberty or life—murder
his Jfriend or his enemy by poison or lying in
wait, whenever it is necessary to accomplish his
purposes. Webster,who murdered Parkman,was
an angel of light, compared to the deep villany
of such a heart. Webster murdered, and took
the risks of his deed. This man would steal life
and character under the forms of law; and yet, it
may be that he occupies one of life's high places.
Angels have fallen from God's right hand. Men,
worse than devils, sometimes ascend to high sta-
tions.
This is a fair specimen of the unholy warfare
carried on against the southern people by the
unscrupulous ambition of Seward, Hale, Sum-
ner, and Wilson. I grant that they have-tal-
ents to make speeches, and can pile falsehood
upon falsehood, until, like the tower of Babel, they
threaten heaven; yet, they only build the monu-
ment of their own infamy. They say they are no
better than negroes, ana future generations will
pronounce them far worse; for, since the fall of
Adam, so great a treason has not been attempted
against the human race. Satan came disguised
as a serpent, professing wisdom; they come in
the garb of a negro, professing freedom. Satan
artfully contrived to have the law of God broken;
they seek to trample the Constitution and the
southern people under foot, and, like that same
fallen angel, to build the throne of their power
upon the ruins of their victims.
river and harbor improvements.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
Wednesday, July 30, 1856.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having under
consideration the bill (ti. No. 10) to continne the improve-
ments in the Harbor of Newark, New Jersey—
Mr. HUNTER. Some remarks were made
yesterday, in regard to this bill, by the Senator*
from Ohio, [Mr. Pcoh,J and Michigan, [Mr.
i Stcart,] which make it incumbent on me to say
a word or two this morning. I had urged, as an
objection to the system proposed by this bill,
that it was unequal certainly unequal where the
southern Atlantic States were concerned. The
Senator from Ohio, in order to meet that objec-
tion, got up to say that Virginia, during the
whole pefiod of her history, has had one appro-
priation for clearing out a bar in the James river
and the Appomattox. And how much do you sup-
pose that appropriation amounted to? Forty-live
thousand dollars! I complained that the appro-
priations were unequal; and how does he answer
me? By saying that, in the whole course of her
history, Virginia has had something granted to
her. If he and I were entitled to $1,000, share
and share alike, and he were to take $900 and
allow me $100, would it be any answer to me to
say that I had $100? He might button up the
$900 in his pocket, and be well contented with
his share of the money; but should I be con-
tented with his argument? That is about the
proportion in which Ohio stands to Virginia in
regard to these improvements. I have a list here
by which it appears that, for lake and river im-
provements, Ohio has had something more than
half a million of dollars,* and Virginia $45,000.
The Senator from Ohio shakes his head. I got'
the statement from the bureau this morning, as
he seemed anxious to discuss that question of
equality. Here is the list. Five hundred and
twenty-two thousand five hundred and twenty
dollars have already been appropriated for Ohio,
and propositions under the present system are
now on the Calendar for about one hundred and
sixty thousand dollars more. I got one of the
clerks in the Secretary's office to add up the
items.
When I complain of inequality, the Senator
from Ohio says, " You have had something; you
have had $45,000 since Virginia entered the Con-
federacy, for clearing out harbors and rivers." I
believe she had in addition to that $30,000 for the
survey of another river, not for clearing it out.
That gentleman is a distinguished lawyer in hia
own country; but I apprehend if he were to draw
his decrees for partition on the principles which
he urged yesterday, he would not get much busi-
ness of that sort to do, or if he did, they would
not be friendly cases.
But, sir, the political arithmetic of the Senator
from Ohio is not more surprising than the political
ethics of the Senator from Michigan. He said
yesterday, that if a man voted to amend an ap-
propriation bill so as to make a bad bill better,
he was bound on considerations of ethics to vote
for the bill. ' How do we stand according to this
new doctrine of ethics ? If I am opposed to a bill,
1 dare not vote to amend it; for he will not say that
I could vote to make it worse. The result is, thsit if
I cannot vote for a bill, I must not vote at all in
regard to amendments; but your rules say, if I sit
here I must vote; so that, according to his doc-
trine, whenever the Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] blows his horn to summon the faith-
ful, the few of us who are against these bills must
walk out of the Senate; we must walk out because,
if we sit here and do not vote, we violate the rules
of the Senate; and if we do, we violate the ethical
rule of the Senator from Michigan. We cannot
vote, on ethical consideration^ to make a bad bill
better.
Now, Mr. President, I say, in regard to these
appropriations, that if I vote to make that which
is unequal more equal, I vote to make a bad bill
better. So far as constitutional considerations
are concerned, it is not made the more unconsti-
tutional; because it is as objectionable, in that
point of view, to appropriate $10,000, as $100,000.
But another great objection can be relieved,
namely, the inequality of the system. I vote to
amend it so as to make it more equal. You em-
brace every other section, but you leave out
mine. I say I will- vote to insert my section,'
although I cannot vote for the bill. I do it to
make the bill more equal and better. Have I hot
a right to do so ? Does the Senator from Michi-
* Upon reference to the document, I found that I was
mistaken in the amount appropriated to Ohio in 1852.
Ninety thousand dollars were then appropriated to iier,and
$168,000 have been appropriated for her by the Senate at
the present session, exclusive of appropriations for the Ohio
river.
