1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
1043
34th Cons.... 1st Sess. River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Toombs, Mr. Hunter, etc.
Senate.
consider the doctrine as settled by the concurrence
of all these names.
Mr. CASS. I beg the Senator's pardon. He is
mistaken. General Jackson's remarks applied to
roads and canals; but in respect to rivers and har- :
bors he never entertained the opinion that these
improvements were unconstitutional. During his
administration appropriations to the amount of
seven or eight millions of dollars were made for
their improvements.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will come to that point of
the Senator from Michigan before I get tnrough.
His idea is that Congress can regulate commerce
where it is transported through the medium of
water, but cannot regulate it where it runs on
iron rails, or on common roads. What is the dif- j
fere nee?
Mr. CASS. The United States have jurisdic-
tion in the one case and not in the other.
Mr. TOOMBS. The question of jurisdiction '
does not affect this matter in the slightest degree.
The power to regulate commerce, under which
you claim it, is universal " among the several
States," by land or water. The difference which
the Senator takes is, that you can regulate com-
merce on a river which runs from one State to an-
other, but you cannot regulate commerce which
runs on a railroad from one State to another.
There is no such distinction in the Constitution. I
say they are identically the same thing. The old
idea that commerce could only be carried on by ,
water, is completely exploded. It suited one age .
and one people, but it is not true now. The great
bulk of the commerce between our States is not
by water at all, but by land. The Senator from
Louisiana says that I care nothing for precedents.
1 have already given him Jefferson, Madison,
Monroe, and Jackson; now I come to Tyler, Polk,
and Pierce. Up to 1823 there never was a dollar
expended by this Government for rivers and har-
bors, except those bills for lights, buoys, and
piers. The Senator cannot show one.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am waitingfor the Senator
from Georgia to show me the satisfactory distinc-
tion drawn by Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Madison,
whose authority he adopts, between the power to
construct light-nouses, buoys, and piers, and the
power to remove obstructions in harbors.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will show it. They signed
laws f r the one, and declared the other unconsti-
tutional.
Mr. BENJ AMIN. Did they give any reason ?
Mr. TOOMBS. They declared the power which
you claim to be unconstitutional.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I said that no man had
' ever yet given an intelligent reason for the differ-
ence between the power in these cases. The
Senator tells me what Madison and Jefferson did.
I cabled for a reason.
Mr. TOOMBS. I say it is a reason, and no
guirk can escape from it before a community with
' undebauched intellects. These great men say that
one is constitutional and the other not. Then
they cannot be the same thing.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not say that they did
oot consider them different.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is all I mean to say now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Nor is my intellect a de-
bauched one. I said no man could give me a
reason, and the Senator gives me a fact. There
is a difference between a reason and a fact; just
as much as between argument and declamation.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will allow me,
I will show him what General Jackson Said in
the Mayaville veto. Here are his words:
" The constitutional power of the Federal Government
to construct or promote works of internal improvement,
presents itself in two points of view; the flret, as bearing
upon ibe sovereignty of the States within whose limits
their execution is contemplated, if jurisdiction of the terri-
tory which they may occupy be claimed as necessary to
their preservation and use; the second, as asserting the
simple right to appropriate money from the national Treas-
ury in aid of such Works, when undertaken by State au-
thority, surrendering the claim of jurisdiction. In the first
view, the question of power is an open one, and can be
decided without the embarrassments attending the other,
arising from the practice of the Government. Although
frequently and strenuously attempted, the power, to this
extent, has never been exercised by the Government in a
single instance. It does not, in my opinion, possess it;
amino bill, therefore, which admits it, can receive my offi-
cial sanction."
That is the precise ground of Mr. Monroe's,
internal-improvement message, that within the
jurisdiction of a State there is no power; but if
the State cedes the jurisdiction, it may be done
under the general appropriating power.
Mr. CASS. Allow me to ask the honorable
Senator if he understands General Jackson there
to maintain that the Government has no consti-
tutional right to make appropriations for the re-
moval of obstructions from rivers and harbors ?
Mr. HUNTER. I understand this principle
to exclude it most clearly.
Mr. CASS. Does the honorable Senator un-
derstand General Jackson as laying down that
principle ?
Mr. HUNTER. I do not pretend to say that
General Jackson's, or any other man's practice
has been always consistent with his theory; but
I say that this principle which he thus lays down
is inconsistent with the power to construct a
harbor within the jurisdiction of a State. That
is expressly excluded under the first branch of
Mr. Monroe's doctrine which is here understood.
Mr. CASS. That is fair. The honorable Sen-
ator has a right to draw that conclusion from
General Jackson's premises; but he will hardly
say, and no other Senator, I think, will venture
to say that General Jackson maintained and be-
lieved that this Government had no power to
remove obstructions in rivers and harbors. They
may attempt to deduce from his position an in-
consistency, as the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia has done, time and again. For myself, I
believe there is no inconsistency. But Senators
have no right to assume that that was General
Jackson's ground, in the face of the fact that for
eight successive years he signed appropriation
bills to the amount of seven or eight millions of
dollars for the removal of obstructions to rivers
and harbors. I sat for six years in his Cabinet;
and having sent in every estimate for these im-
provements during that time, I have a right to
say that I know he did not maintain any such
thing. Yet I agree that it is a fair object of con-
clusion to deduce, as the honorable Senator from
Virginia does, that his principle leads to that. I
do not object to this course of argument.
Mr. TOOMBS. But the Senator from Louisi-
ana wants a reason for the difference. The reason
is, that the bills signed by Jefferson and Madison
were necessary and proper as a means for provid-
ing and maintaining a Navy: these ate means for
facilitating commerce. They might well have come
under the powers to which I have heretofore re-
ferred of maintaining our Navy. It is very cer-
tain, however, that Senators draw from these
acts of the distinguished fathers of the Republic a
precedent -which they themselves repudiated by
their express and s6lemn action subsequently.
They believed there was a distinction between
the cases. At the very time, in 1816, when Mr.
Madison sent in his river and harbor veto, he
was signing bills for buoys, light-houses, and
piers. At that identical time, under the highest
responsibilities, he drew a distinction between
the cases, as his acts conclusively show; and I
see a very plain distinction. But, sir, this argu-
ment of those who want to reach the public
Treasury cannot avail them. Suppose there was
no difference in principle, would that make either
constitutional? The only real argument of the
Senator from Louisiana, which he thought closed
the question, wds, that no difference could be
shown. Even admitting that, for the sake of
the argument, still, where is the constitutional
power ? The best you can say of his argument
is, he offers one' unconstitutional exercise of
power to uphold and sustain another, and for
more dangerous usurpation. By this course of
reasoning you need only to get the Constitution
once broken, and then it is changed forever after-
wards. The truth is, he and his friends are
without precedent and without authority of, the
early fathers, are condemned by all sound pre-
cedents, and can stand only on a common in-
terest to justify and uphold the wrong.
Mr. Madison and Mr. Jefferson protested that,
by signing bills for buoys and lignt-houses and
piers, they pretended to exercise no such power
as is now claimed. Have they, in spite of them-
selves, altered the Constitution of the country to
that extent? Those great men tell us that they
claimed no such power—that that was not their
meaning. The Senator from Louisiana says they
approved appropriations for the one object, and,
therefore, unless a distinction be shown, the
power must exist. This is his reasoning. I say
it is unsound. If the other is unconstitutional—
and I am not prepared to say that it is not—it
certainly confers no powers on you to improve
harbors and rivers.
Then, sir, as I have repeatedly shown on this
question, I have the solemn judgment of the con-
vention that framed the Constitution; I have the
solemn judgment of the men who are called the
fathers of the Republic, and who are so often
appealed to here; I have the solemn judgment of
Jefferson and Madison, and nearly ail the distin-
guished men who have been leaders of the Repub-
lican or Democratic party. I am taunted because
under such circumstances I choose not to consider
this policy settled, when, from the beginning of
the Government until now, according to the state-
ment of the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
there have been but $11,000,000 appropriated to
these objects, and they have been resisted and
vetoed by nearly every Republican President
before whom the question was brought. The
Senator says the matter ought to be considered
as settled on the precedents, and we should not
go back to the creation, but skip from the crea-
tion to the deluge. What is the deluge ? What
is the starting-point now ? Is it that the Senator
has united the friends of these improvements of
all descriptions and of all opinions, and determined
to override the veto of a Democratic President?
This is the deluge. I have come down to that
deluge, and I am arguing to see on what founda-
tion it stands.
I say the Constitution is with me; the fathers
of the Republic are with me; veto upon veto is
with Hie; and the principle on whicn I oppose
this system has withstood all assaults until now.
Coalitions have never been able to prevhjj against
it, with a republican President in tne chair, until
this unhappy day. This is the first time they
have been able to succeed in the history of the
Government, over the head of a republican Pres-
ident. The Senator from Louisiana took excep-
tion to my sayingthat this was a coalition. Most
assuredly it is a coalition. It is a coalition
amongst gentlemen who agree in nothing else
that I know of.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to know what the
Senator calls his course on the naval board?
There he was found acting with gentlemen who
did not agree him tttjout anything else. Sup-
pose I should call that a coalition.
Mr. TOOMBS.* There was no consideration;
there was no mutual interest to serve. In that
case there was no cohesive power of public plun-
der to unite men and make them vota.together
from agreement. Sir, it is not worth while to
conceaTfacts which everybody knows. All these
separate bills for these improvements are gener-
ally supported by all who have improvements in
their States. The Senator from Ohio, and one
or two others, have been exceptions; but I say
this is the general rule. All the bills certainly do
not stand on the same principle, but they are
steadily sustained by gentlemen in whose States
there are improvements provided for by the bill; <
Whereas others differ, sometimes voting for, and
sometimes against, a bill. There has certainly
been a union against the Democratic party—
against the authoritative exposition of its doc-
trines, and in my judgment in its declarations at
Cincinnati, to carry the measures by the fusion of
those who are political opponents on other mat-
ters.
Mr. President, the inequality of this system is
not only admitted, but justified, by the Senator
from Louisiana. Even if it were true, as I have
shown is not the" case, thsft any other power in
the Constitution is unequally exercised, the com-
mercial power is expressly required, in the Con-
stitution, to be exercised equallyThat was
guarded. The framers of the Constitution knew
to what abuses it could be carried, and hence
guards were put upon it. . The Senator from
Louisiana, the Senator from Michigan, and
others, simply assume that " to regulate com-
merce " means " to transport commodities.
That ia the way they jump over the Constitution.
Mr. Madison said that the' clause could not be
tortured to mean that without a violation of the
