1046
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 30r
34th Cong....1st Sess. River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Toombs, Mr. Cass.
Senate.
to them by the Constitution. That is sufficient
for me. "Then I say that'the Constitution pro-
vides that the States may levy tonnage duties
with the consent of Congress; and if one of those
States expressly said that she never would in per-
petuity exercise this power, granted in the third
section of the fourth article of the Constitution,
it would be void. If it were distinctly specified
in the article of admission, that she would never
claim the advantage of this particular clause giving
tonnage duties, would that be a constitutional
agreement? If so, it would be constitutional for j
a State to abandon any and every right that is
named in the Constitution. This argument is
irresistible.
The Senator from Missouri was, I think, rather
more cautious in the way he made the point than
his friend from Louisiana, because he would not
come to it at all. He saw where it led, and he
said, if that compact is worth anything, certain
consequences follow. The Senator from Louisi-
ana takes it by the horns at once, and says it is
worth something, and it does not violate the Con-
stitution. He jumps to the conclusion which his
more wary friend from Missouri avoided. He
must have seen that the argument was irresisti-
ble, that if a State could part with this constitu- j
tional right she could part with any other, and j
if she could part with any, she could part with
every other. I say she cannot part with her
sovereignty. It is alienable, it is indestructible,
it belongs to her people. Members of Congress
and bargainers in her Legislature can never de-
prive the State of her constitutional rights. Only
those who look on the States as corporations—only
those who look on the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States as the agents of
this great mammoth corporation, the Federal
Government, to levy all they can, and spend all
they can, hold this doctrine of constitutional law.
The whole argument of the Senator from Louisi-
ana is based on the idea that theConstitution has
more or less force and validity over the waters of
the Mississippi than over the waters of the Hud-
son; that either the States on the Mississippi have
parted with their then constitutional power, or by
reason of their coming in at the wrong door, or for
some cause or other-, the States oil the Mississippi
river have a different fundamental law from every
other part of the Union. The idea is untenable;
it is unphilosophical; it cannot be maintained any-
where. No matter when and how they came in,
those States, when they became a part of this
Confederacy, came under the operation of its Con-
stitution. 1 care not what they surrendered. I
say that, when they came in as sovereign States
of this Union, they came in with the full power
of every other sovereign. "With or without com-
pacts, the act of admission was all that was re-
quired to brifig them into the Union. ,
The Senator from Illinois yesterday said, " do
not war upon commerce." We are constantly
appealed to not to war upon commerce. The
Senator from Louisiana to-day says "pay to com-
merce something that you have levied from itand
he intimates that we levy our revenue upon com-
merce. Does commerce pay it ? Does commerce
pay duty for the goods on board ship ? Does
tonnage pay it.' If I freight a vessel with free
goods or dutiable goods, does the ship pay? does
the man engaged in the commerce pay ? No, sir;
the importer first, and then the consumer of the
foods pays as much as the owner can get out of
im. But what have we done for commerce and
navigation ? I recounted the other day the advan
legislation. Those engaged in these branches do
not compose one twentieth part of the population
of the United States, but they have become pow-
erful enough to swallow up all the rest. More
special privileges have been given to commerce
and navigation than to any other interest in this
country. Under the fatal power to regulate com-
merce, we have gone on to give them prohibitory
duties—protective duties; we have excluded the
navigation of all the rest of the world from our
waters; we have given to this interest all our
local commerce, all our domestic carrying; trade.
"We have in every way built up the shipping and
commercial interests in this country, until they
are powerful enough to trample under foot the
doctrines of Jeffsrson, and Madison, and the
fathers of the Republic, to get their hands into
the Treasury They have got the newspapers to
vilify me and other public men for standing up
and denouncing their selfish schemes. If they
suppose their attacks will disturb me, they are
mistaken. I despise all these mercenary wretches
who sell themselves to commerce, or any other
interest in this country. A true and honest organ
of public opinion, that will discuss great public
questions with reference to the public interest, I
hold to be valuable; but these who are soiling
- themselves to this interest to-day, and that to-
morrow, and always in favor of personal ends,
. meet nothing but my contempt. 1 intend to warn
the people of this country, North and South, East
and West, against the influences of the commer-
cial and manufacturing classes, exercised in oppo-
sition to the great body of honest producers in
the country. I speak not alone to tne South, for
I find that fields are becoming desolate in other
quarters under this system. I have perceived
that in boasted New England and in boasted New
York, some of the lands are being desolated, and
they bring less prices now than they did thirty
or forty years ago. You have spent thousands
and millions of dollars on the western lakes, not
to the detriment of the South alone, but to the
! detriment of all other industrious classes every-
where.
Continue your system of levying duties for the
purpose of bolstering up the commercial, ship-
ping, and manufacturing interests, at the cost of
the great body of the people engaged in agricul-
ture, and you will meet with the same ruin which
has attended the course of your predecessors in
the great family of nations. There is one differ-
ence between you and them. Many of them
maintained justice and equality towards the agri-
cultural classes for centuries. You have not
maintained it for thirty years. The effect of our
system is, that we have become rotten before we
are ripe. No nation has existed which, in so
short a time, has concentrated the entire powers
of the Government, this tremendous engiile of
levying money out of one class of the community
and giving it to another, to the same extent as
the Government of the United States. Agricul-
ture pays your duties; merchandise adds nothing,
or comparatively nothing, to the wealth of the
nation. Those engaged in it live by- their wits.
They do not create values; they deal in them.
The men who deal in values, and the men who
transport them from place to place, are those who
are taking to themselves the benefits of the labor
of the poor.
This system is admitted, by the Senator from
Louisiana, to be unequal; but he aays to me,
" devise a better." I nave tried to do it. I have
told you that the States of the Union have spent
$800,000,000 of money in internal improvements;
they have opened canals; they have made rail-
roads; they have cleaned out harbors and rivers;
and where there are shoals they have dug around
them. That is the system which I have presented
to your consideration, leaving the improvements
to those interested in them, and leaving it to the
judgment of the States to impose such tolls for
the use of the improvements as they are worth.
That is the only watchful guard against wasteful
expenditure. ThatI have presented to you instead
of your system of taking money out of the public
Treasury and throwing it to some remote corner
of the Republic, more interested, perhaps,- in
squandering the money for local purposes, than
in its safe application. The doctrine of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, I believe, is, that under the
power to regulate commerce, you may improve
the bottom of a river, you may take out snags,
but you cannot cut a canal around a shoal.
Mr. CASS. Congress has no jurisdiction over
the land on the bank, but has jurisdiction over
the stream. That is what I stated.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to give the proposition
exactly as the Senator stated it.
Mr. CASS. The Supreme Court of the United
States has decided that Congress has jurisdiction
over the navigable streams of the country.
Mr. TOOMBS. What is the result of the
Senator's doctrine ? The power to regulate com-
merce is a universal, comprehensive one, confer-
ring jurisdiction everywhere for that purpose—
the same over the land as over the water.
Mr. CASS. The power is to regulate com-
merce " among the several States," not in them.
Mr. TOOMBS. I say the power is as broad
over the land as aver the water; it is for the regu-
lation of commerce among the States—commerce
not confined to aparticular neighborhood. There
is a commerce between the State of Pennsylva-
nia and the State of Louisiana, and all the States
lying between them on the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers. They find the falls of the Ohio river in
the way, and they make a canal to avoid the
falls. True, the canal is in Kentucky, but the
commerce that goes through it is between the
different States. The boats that go through it
run from Pittsburg to New Orleans. Now, to
hold that you cat} blow out the rocks in the bot-
tom of the river, and cannot make a canal to run
around them, because the one is in your jurisdic-
tion and the other not, is a distinction that the
Senator from Michigan can never justify under
the power to regulate commerce. If, under the
power to regulate commerce among the different
States, between the State of Pennsylvania and all
the States bordering on the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers to the mouth, you may remove a rock in
the bottom of the stream, the same power gives
you authority to make a canal around it.
Mr. CASS. Aon sequilur.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator misapplies the
doctrine of jurisdiction. The Supreme Court as-
serts no other jurisdiction except admiralty over
the rivers, ana that is usurped; and maritime
jurisdiction does not confer on Congress the power
to improve rivers. He even claims it, not under
maritime jurisdiction, but under the power to
regulate commerce among the different States.
At any rate, I state the Senator's argument
rightly. The difference between us is as to the
conclusion to which it leads. The Senator says
he is in favor of improving the rivers, because we
have jurisdiction over them; but if you cannot
improve them by working in the stream, and it
is necessary to make a canal around them, that
is unconstitutional, because, he says, under the
power to regulate commerce, you can only regu-
late it at the bottom of the river, aDd cannot regu-
late it at the bank, on the side. t
Mr. CASS. The Supreme Court has decided
that, if an offense is committed on board a boat in
the navigable waters of the Union, the jurisdic-
tion is in the United States, and not in any State.
If you cut a ditch around a "river in a State, the
jurisdiction would not be taken from the State.
Mr. TOOMBS. ".A/on constat." The Sena-
tor does not rightly construe the point, if you
derive this right from the power to regulate com-
merce, I say the Louisville and Portland canal
has '• facilitated commerce," that is, even to a
greater extent, and made navigation more easy,
than all the other improvements made by this
Government, and the facts prove it. According
to the Senator's doctrine, you had no right to
make that canal, but you could-take away the
rocks in the bed of the river. On the same prin*
ciple, you could not make a canal around Niagara
Falls, though that would connect all the world
with our upper lakes, but you could take away
the Falls themselves, if possible. That is the
Senator's argument. I state it fairly. His posi-
tion is based upon this absurdity. But suppose
the States should surrender jurisdiction—what
then ? That was considered necessary originally.
All the piers, and buoys, and light-nouses were
universally made at first upon a cession of juris-
diction by the States,
Mr. President, the Senator from Louisiana tells
us that the charges against the Committee on
Commerce are inconsistent, for they are chanjed
on one side with presenting too few bills, and on
the other, with presenting too many. I say both
objections are consistent, and both are just. He
has reported too few bills for the principle of equal-
ity, and too many upon the principle of nationality,
on which these appropriations have been claimed.
If the committee had confined themselves to a few-
bills fbr the great points of commerce, as the
mouth of the Mississippi river and the St. Clair
flats, there would have been an effort at distinc-
tion; but here we find that they have reported in
favor of every bill that has been presented. We
find that they have reported bills for three har-
bors within a space of thirty-threi mil«s. They
