1048
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 30,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Benjamin, Mr. Geyer, etc.
Senate.
that is the will and the power to defend them. ,
That is the only safety of societies, great and ,
small. After all, it is the last security. We may 1
plead justice; we may plead the Constitution; we
may plead mercy; but all are unavailing without
the will and the spirit to maintain our rights by
the sword. Majorities do not listen to reason, j
No vigilance committee shrinks from injustice. >
Such has been the history of the world, and such :
■will be its history till the last trump shall sound.
In the discussion of these bills I am endeavoring,
at least, to arouse the attention of the country,
having despaired of securing the great principles
of justice nere. Injustice lies at the foundation
of this system, and when the attention of the
people is directed to it it must fall. The sooner it
is abandoned the better for the Senate, the better
for society, and the better for the country.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not intend to argue
the question again; but I intend to answer the ,
constantly-repeated argument, that this system of
improvement of harbors is a modern system, and
to show that it was approved by repeated acts by
all the early Presidents in express terms. I know
the words used in the early acts are not that "so
much is appropriated for the improvement of such ;
a harbor, * but " so much appropriated by the :
construction of piers." I do not know any other ;
way of building an artificial harbor, but by piers. ;
There may possibly be some other way known
to engineering; but it is the only war that I am
acquainted with, in which artificial harbors are
created by piers. There is no year in the early
history of the Government when appropriations
were not made for building piers. I will merely ,
refer to Jefferson, as Jefferson is principally relied
upon by the Senator from Georgia, and cite a j
series. The first appropriation is on the 6th of
April, 1802:
" It shall be lawful for the Secretary of the Treasury,
under the direction of the President of the United State*,
to expend in repairing and erecting public pien to the river
Delaware, a sum not exceeding $30,000."
Ifi 1805:
"For the maintenance and support of light-houses, bea-
cons, buoys, and public piers, and stakeage of channels,
bars, and shoals, and contingent expenses, $115,000. For
erecting public piers in the river Delaware, $5,800."
In 1806:
" For the maintenance and sapport of light-houses, bea-
cons, buoys, and public piers, and stakeage of channels,
and contingent expenses, $80,000. For the payment of a
commission of two and a half per cent, to the commis-
sioners who superintended the erection of the public piers
in the river Delaware, $448 71."
In 1808:
" For the maintenance and support of light-houses, bea-
cons, buoys, public piers, stakeage of channels, bars, and
shoals, and contingent expenses, $85,000."
Besides large sums for erecting light-houses,
those are independent appropriations. In 1809:
" For die maintenance and support of lignt-houses, bea-
cons, buoys, and public piers, $79,039 40."
In 1811, for the same purposes, (68,895 35.
President Pierce in hid veto message says, that
prior to a certain date—I think 1820 or 1823—
there were no appropriations for removing natu-
ral obstructions; but up to that time the improve-
ment of harbors bad gone on simply by making
artificial structures; and all the enange there is
in the system is, that before that time we im-
proved harbors by artificial constructions. Now
the only question is, whether there is any differ-
erence in constitutional power between improv-
ing a harbor by an artificial construction, or re-
moving a natural obstruction ? If there is a dif-
ference in constitutional power between the two,
it is not constitutional to remove obstructions;
but if there is no difference between thertwo, the
power now claimed has been exercised by the
• General Government since its foundation.
Mr. TOOMBS. All those acts were quoted
by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] to
whom I replied. The answer is plain: the very
gentlemen, Presidents Jefferson and Madison,
who signed those acts, say this is unconstitu-
tional. There I leave it.
Mr. PUGH. In those very bills the object is
said to be for the improvement of the navigation
-rone under Washington, and one under Jeffer-
soif-—*
Mr. TOOMBS. I have read them all.
Mr. PUGH. They were for the express pur-
pose of improving navigation.
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, I have studi-
ously avoided engaging in this debate, regarding
it as altogether profitless. I have, however,
been tempted into putting some interrogatories to
the honorable Senator from Georgia, in relation
to the compacts with the States in the valley of
the Mississippi, and upon that point I propose
now to make a few remarks.
The honorable Senator supposes that the
power to levy tonnage duties may be conferred
upon the States in the valley of the Mississippi,
and that they may exercise it under the Consti-
tution, notwithstanding the compact; and he sup-
poses also, (for I understand that to be his argu-
ment,) that when Congress grants the power to
levy tonnage duties, they may at the same time
prescribe the application of the proceeds of the
duties. I think his argument is that Congress,
in granting to the States in the valley of the Mis-
sissippi the power to levy tonnage duties, may
direct how much shall be applied below and how
much above the falls of the Ohio, as an example.
Now, ]Vfr. President, I submit that, when Con-
gress concedes the power to a State to levy ton-
nage duties, the power of Congress is exhausted,
and it cannot prescribe the disposition which
shall be made of the proceeds. The Constitution
provides:
" No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay
any duty of tonnage."
A State, then, may, with the consent of Con-
gress, levy tonnage duties. What is to be done
with the money ? Is there any power in Con-
gress to direct? If there is, it is an indirect mode
of levying tonnage duties by Congress through
the Legislatures of the States. What does it
amount to but what was contended for by the
honorable Senator from Ohio, the'levying an ad-
ditional duty, through the instrumentality of the
State Legislatures, upon a particular branch of
commerce? Then Congress may do indirectjy
j what it cannot do directly.
The first clause of the eighth section of the
first article of the Constitution confers on Con-
gress the power " to lay and collect taxes, duties,
, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and pro-
' vide for the common defense and general welfare
1 of the United States; but all duties, imposts, and
i excises shall be uniform throughout tne United
States." You then levy a duty on commerce by
an act of Congress, ana by another act, supple-
mentary to it, you authorize a State to levy a
duty, in the shape of tonnage, on that identical
commerce, and in one portion of the Union it may
be two-fold, three-fold, or quadruple; and yet the
Constitution provides that duties shall be equal
everywhere.' I submit that, when the power is
exercised by Congress, the disposition of the
proceeds belongs to the States making the levy.
Now, with respect to the compact, I maintain
that, under the compact made with these several
States, and according to the plighted faith of the
United States, the power to levy tonnage duties
j upon the western waters cannot be granted with-
i out a brerfth of the public faith, and cannot be
| exercised without a breach of the compact. The
I language of the ordinance of 1787 (and it is re-
peated in the several acts organizing the States in
the Northwestern Territory, and substantially in
the acts organizing the several States of the Mis-
sissippi valley in the Louisiana acquisition) is,
first, "No tax shall be imposed on lands the prop-
erty of the United States." If the argument of
the honorable Senator from Georgia be correct,
that the rigKt of the States under the grant of the
Constitution to levy tonnage duties cannotbe sur-
rendered, the power, as I said, to levy taxes on
the property of the United States cannot be sur-
rendered by a compact. One part of it is just as
obligatory as the other. The State is just as
competent to surrender the one as the other.
Again: the States contract that they will not
interfere with the primary disposal of the soil by
the United States. They surrender here what
would by public law be theirs, the entire title to
the public lands within the limits of the new
States; and whenever both Houses of Congress
shall b£ prepared to vote that that compact is not
obligatory—that the right of the States to the
public domain exists as it would have been without
the compact, we can make an appropriation of the
public lands to these objects. But will the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia agree that what
would have belonged to us without the compact,
shall be surrendered by the compact, and yet^it
be not obligatory in the other articles contained
in it? Will he agree that the faith of the United
States, which stands pledged to all the citizens of
Maine and Massachusetts, and every other State
of the Union, that the Mississippi and the waters
which lead to the St. Lawrence shall forever re-
J main free, without any tax, impost, or duty
therefor, may be violated at pleasure—that the
United States are under no obligation whatever
[ to observe the compact, and may authorize the
, the State, at pleasure, to exercise the power to
levy duties in direct contravention of the letter of
; the compact? The provision is:
j " The navigable waters leading into the Mississippi and
; St. Lawrence, and the carrying places between the same,
j shall be common highways, and forever free, as well to all
j the inhabitants ofthe said Territory as to the citizens of the
United States, and those of any other States that may be
admitted into the Confederacy, without any tax, impost,
or duty therefor."
Here is the pledged faith of the Congress of the
Confederation renewed again in all the acts for the
organization of the States northwest of the Ohio,
and substantially in all the acts for organizing
States on the Mississippi.
Mr. PUGH. In the Louisiana act the proviso-
ion is extended to the Mississippi river in express
terms.
Mr. GEYER. So it is in the Missouri act to
the Missouri river. All these waters are made
public highways, free to the citizens of Virginia;
and each State, and the Congress of the United
States, is unable, without a violation ofita plighted
faith, to levy tonnage duties.
Mr. TOOMBS. A re they any more free tothe
people of the United States than Savannah harbor
and Charleston harbor under the Constitution ?
Mr. GEYER. In my opinion, they are brought
by this compact under what I regard as the pub-
lic law in reference to all navigable waters; they
were intended to be so brought. They are treated
on the same footing as the old notions of law on
this subject treated other waters, as within ad-
miralty jurisdiction, and protected, because they
were tide water. That principle was extended
to the waters of the West—to the waters of the
lakes and the Mississippi. Do you not exercise
jurisdiction over the waters of the lakes and of
the valley of the Mississippi ? Have yon not a
j law in force this day (and a most salutary tew it
is) that regulates the navigation of that river?
No man is permitted to navigate a boat there
without a license under the authority of the
United States. All your pilots, all your steam-
boat officers are subject to examination; and all
the steam-vessels that navigate these waters are
regulated by the authority of the law of the
United States. How do you  et that authority?
Because these waters are, by this compact, made
to be, under the sanction of the Constitution, na-
tional highways over which no State can exer-
cise a particular jurisdiction.
But, sir, I have an objection tothe scheme pro-
posed by the honorable Senator from Illinois,
which seems to be approved by the honorable
Senator from Georgia, of authorizing the States
in that valley and the Gulf States to levy tonnage
duties by compact or agreement. Let us suppose
that the States of Iowa and Illinois shall levy a
tonnage duty for the purpose of improving the
navigation of the Mississippi river at the rapid?,
removing the obstructions there, and then sup-
Eose that a vessel from Georgia—if such a thine
e possible, though no ships have yet navigated
the Mississippi as high up as the lower rapids—
were attempting to pass there; and suppose that
an officer or the State of Illinois or Iowa under-
takes to stop her and tells hef: " You cannot
pass here without paying us whatever duties we
choose to levy;" may she hot answer: " I have
paid duties under the laws of the United States
which are to be equal, and 1 do not recognize the
authority of Congress or of those States to levy
additional duties on the navigation of this river,
which by compact is declared to be free to me
•yithout any tax,, duty, or toll?"
Mr. PUGH. There xs an additional clause in
