1050
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 30,
34th Cong....1st Sess. River and Harbor Improvements'—Mr. Cass, Mr. Toombs, etc.
Senate.
the Senator is now advocating. He tells me that
Madison did it. I show him that Madison ex-
pressly said that the power to regulate commerce
did not give you the right to facilitate it, by in®*
proving rivers and harbors, and the navigation of
water-courses. But he says no man can show a
reason for the difference. Mr. Madison consid-
ered that there was one. I think there is a dis-
tinction between the cases which is perfectly legit-
imate. Under the right to maintain your Navy,
you can secure a safe retreat for it where that is
necessary, by putting up lights, or clearing out the
bottom of a river. and making an artificial com-
munication in order that your Navy may get to
its appointed haven. The means must be neces-
eary to the end. That, however, is very differ- j
ent from the gentleman's interpretation, that the |
power " to regulate commerce 'means " to fecij- j
itate local transportation." Madison says it
eould not mean that. When the Senator says
there is no difference, his argument is against
Jefferson, Madison, and Monroe, and not against
me. I can see the reasons on which they might :
have acted. To my mind they are satisfactory. ;
They were satisfactory to those noble patriots. |
For over thirty years the Republican Presidents •
have protested against the power to pass these
bills; but now, in the year of grace 1856, the ;
Senator from Michigan tells us, that one of the ,
main reasons for adopting the Constitution, was
the fear that the States adjoining the rivers might
seize on them and obstruct navigation.
Mr. CASS. I did not say that.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Missouri
illustrated that position, and I understood the
Senator from Michigan to interrupt him to give
the statement which I have just named.
Mr. CASS. I will state what I said. I have
no such idea as that which the gentleman imputes
to me. He distorts my views. I presume the
fact is well known to all here, that the difficulties
arising out of the regulation of commerce and
navigation in the confederation before the Con-
stitution almost drove this country to separation.
One State levied its duties on navigation, another
on commerce, and the rates were different. Some
of the States were almost on the point of going
to war with each other. I said that these diffi-
culties formed one main reason for the adoption
of the Constitution. I mentioned it with a view
to show that any confederacy between the States
to make these improvements independent of the
General Government would be very dangerous.
That was all.
Mr. TOOM1JS. Then the Senator misapplied
his principle. The question of difference be-
tween the States was not as to improvements, but
as to duties.
Mr. CASS. You think I hm mistaken. Please
state it so.
Mr. TOOMBS. "Well, sir, I will state what
occurred. The Senator from Missouri was sup-
posing a case. He said, suppose Missouri and
Iowa and Illinois were to seize upon the Mis-
sissippi river between their boundaries, and the
Senator from Michigan interrupted him, and said
that was the reason for forming the Constitution.
"Was not that the statement?
Mr. GEYER. Not exactly.
Mr. TOOMBS. I so understood it, but am
willing to be corrected,
Mr. GEYER. I understood the Senator from
Michigan to allude to the difficulty of which I
was speaking.
Mr. TOOMBS. What was the difficulty?
Mr. GEYER. Different regulations by different
States on the subject of commerce and navigation.
Mr. TOOMBS. _ That is a very familiar fact,
but it is not the illustration which the Senator
was using. His illustration was that Illinois,
Missouri, and Iowa might seize the Mississippi
river. Then the Senator from Michigan inter-
rupted him to say that such things had occurred
before the Constitution, and formed reasons for
its adoption. I remember it, because I turned to
my friend from Virginia to inquire whether there
was any such feet in history ? I know the dif-
ficulty was, that Maryland laid one set of duties
and Virginia another, and they invited commerce
by conflicting regulations among themselves. This
was one of the inducements for the {P"ant of the
commercial power of Congress. To prevent
this state of things, in an evil day our ancestors
granted this great abused commercial power to
the Federal Government. I have been of this
opinion ever since I was able to read the Consti-
tution, for I knew it would be abused. In the
first adopted draft of the Constitution the power
to regulate commerce was to be exercised by a
two-third vote in Congress. South Carolina and
Georgia ignorantly and foolishly surrendered that
provision—for what? Mainly for the power of
getting protection to their slaves. The men now
representing the States who got that price for the
commercial power, under which their shipping
and tonnage and navigation have been protected,
instead of paying their part of the price, pass per-
sonal liberty bills and refuse to surrender fugitives
from service. They come here and get southern
men to aid them in seizing the public revenue in
the pretended exercise of this power, though they
themselves act in violation of the plighted faith
on which the power was granted. They get
Senators from Missouri, Arkansas, and Louisi-
ana to come here, under the power to regulate
commerce, and seize the public revenue for the
benefit of those who refuse to pay the price for
which the commercial power was given. They
agreed to give up fugitive slave?, and they will
not do it. That provision of the Constitution is
a dead letter in every free State of this Union.
Mr. PUGH, Let me remind the Senator that
the commercial power was not merely in consid-
eration of the rendition of fugitives, but of the
continuance of the slave trade for twenty years.
Mr. TOOMBS. Both formed the consideration,
I admit. New England, which had the carrying
trade, wanted twenty years more to carry slaves,
to sell them, and make money out of them .When
that provision expired, the only remaining part
of the bargain on which the commercial power
was given was the surrender of fugitives. At this
day, I say here in the American Senate, that pro-
vision is a dead letter in every free State of this
Union. It is of no use to- any human being in the
fifteen States in my section of the country. You
can comedown in my State, and sue in its courts
for your debts, and get them; but that will not
continue long if you will not enforce the Consti-
tution. If we cannot get our property peaceably,
in my judgment you ought not to have the use
of our tribunate to get yours, and by no act of
mine shall you have them.
Mr. PUGH. I think the Senator from Georgia
is determined to press all his opponents into tne
most ridiculous attitudes. Now, where has the
Senator found a single northern State—I put the
extremest proposition—that has refused to re-
deliver fugitive slaves?
Mr. TOOMBS. Massachusetts and Vermont
have passed laws against it.
Mr. PUGH. When has any officer, even
the State of Massachusetts, interfered to relieve a
fugitive ?
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask the gentleman to say
what law Vermont has passed which contravenes
the Constitution ?
Mr. TOOMBS. The personal liberty law.
Mr. COLLAMER. We never had any law
that refused to deliver up fugitives.
Mr. TOOMBS. Oh, I understand that. I
suppose you call it a habeas corpus law.
Mr. COLLAMER. There never was a law
in Vermont to prevent the delivery of fugitives.
' Mr. TOOMBS. You passed a law to defeat
the action of Congress.
Mr. COLLAMER. We passed a law to regu-
late the manner of doing it, but we have not
refused to deliver up fugitive slaves.
Mr. BUTLER. They do not go to Vermont,
I suppose.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then do not maintain
that we refuse to give them up.
Mr. TOOMBS. I say that when a State
passes a law to defeat this act of Congress, a law
notoriously and avowedly for the purpose of
preventing its execution, it is an act of" the Com-
monwealth refusing to comply with the constitu-
tional provision, no matter whether a negro goes
there or not.
Mr. COLLAMER. We never passed such a
law.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yoti said that you had a right
to give them the habeas corpus.
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly; but that is not
a refusal to deliver. It was simply to try the
question of right. Mr. Crittenden, as Attorney
General, had decided that the act of Congress
did not supersede the habeas corpus.
Mr. PUGH. I repeat my question to the
Senator from Georgia. When has even the
State of Massachusetts relieved the fugitive from
the claim of his master? He says she has passed
the personal liberty law; but she has never exe-
cuted it in a single case. It is mere brutum fnlmen
on her statute-book. Where is the substantial
grievance so far as that is concerned ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I can give you one. Not
more than two weeks ago a slave was carried
from Mobile to Boston, and hustled off before
notice was given.
Mr. PUGH. The authorities of the State did
not do that. Somebody applied.for a habeas cor-
pus, and the man was brought before a judge,
and not under the personal liberty bill, but under
the same law that obtains in Georgia, no eause
for his detention being shown, he was discharged.
I do not justify the proceeding. I am sorry for
it. It is a bad proceeding, calculated to make
mischief between the northern and southern
States. But, I repeat, the Senator from Georgia
has pressed the matter beyond its legitimate
limits. I can tell him and all the other Senators
from the slaveholding States where the difficulty
began. Previous to the decision of Prigg vs.
Pennsylvania there were in nearly all the non-
slaveholding States sufficient statutes for the
recapture and delivery of fugitive slaves. In the
year 1839 the General Assembly of Kentucky
sent a delegation over to the Legislature of my
State—the late Governor Morehead was one of
them—to ask the Ohio Legislature to pass a
particular statute on which they had agreed, and
we passed it just as they askea it; and while we
were there doing just what they asked us, the
Supreme Court decided a got-up ease. It is a
remarkable thing that the most important consti-
tutional points in the court below have been de-
cided on fictitious cases. McCulloch vs. The State
of Maryland was a fictitious case. The decis-
ion, made at this term, about the power of the
States to impose taxes, was a fictitious case. So
was the case of Prigg w. Pennsylvania a fictitious
case, got up to enable that court to declare that
the States could not legislate on the subject of
the return of fugitive slaves. They swept all our
statutes out of existence; and now gentlemen
blame us for not exercising a power which the
court at their instance has said we shall not. I
can say to the slaveholding States the worst in-
jury ever inflicted on them was by that decision,
and they ought to endeavor to get back to their
original position on that point.
1 agree with tfc Senator, that I consider that
provision of the Constitution binding, not only
on my State, but binding on every citizen in the
State, binding on me as a citizen, and that I am
bound as a legislator, whether I am a member of
the State Legislature or of Congress, to do my
best to preserve intact the faith of the Consti-
ution; but when one Senator brings" up theste
things it is well enough for us to see where the
mischief began. I deplore these personal liberty
bills. If I could give advice to the northern States
| I would say, repeal the whole of them,and bring
, back the habeas corpus act where it properly be-
i longs; but what has that to do with the subject
: before the Senate?
1 Mr. STUART. That is the question I was
about to ask. What has that to do with improv-
ing this harbor?
Mr. PUGH. I got up to speak of that, and
then to settle a little affair with the Senator from
Virginia. That Senator rose yesterday to assert
that nothing had ever been done for his State—that
its rivers were all neglected", but I showed him
from the report of the Secretary of War that they
were not. Then he rises up this morning to make
a new issue with me; and what is the issue ? That
I had said these appropriations were equal—that
Virginia received as much money as Ohio. I did
not say so. The Senator made that issue.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator misunderstood
me. I certainly did not say that Vireinia had
never received anything. When he first stated
the fact, I said I had forgotten it. He wad the
