1052
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 30,
34th Cong....1st Sess. River and, Harbor Improvements—Mr. Toombs, Mr. Bigler, etc.
Senate.
planted in the Constitution of my country that
you shall not give a preference to the ports of
one State over those of another. AVhy ? Be-
cause it was known that personal interests would
combine to do injustice. I say injustice is in-
herent in this system, and in my judgment it is
supported from personal interest. As was said
by my friend from Virginia, its inequality is the
life-blood of the system, because, if every locality i
got only that portion of the public Treasury for !
its local improvements that it paid, Congress
would never have seen one of these bills here. I
say this system is carried on from personal and
local interests. That is my judgment; and I am
sustained in it by Jefferson and by Madison, j
In those days patriots spoke out the truth; I shall j
follow their example. I said before that persons I
came here and pretended to sell congressional
influence, which the buyers thought they had,
and pretended to sell the public Treasury in the
market. Whatever the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Cass] may think of the effect of this charge,
let it go to the remotest Indies, let it go to the
people of the whole earth. It is better that the
people of this country should know it, than to
let it fester in the heart of the body-politic. I am
ready to maintain the truth of every assertion
which I have made. Of course it will be time
enough to answer a personal charge when made.
I hold myself ready to maintain every word which
I have said, and as I have said it. I have not
spoken hastily or indiscreetly. I speak rapidly;
but the idea which I intend to utter generally
comes out, sometimes perhaps with too much
plainness of speech. What I say I mean; and
the whole of what I mean generally gets out.
What! will you tell me it is a patriotic regard
for the public interest that makes the people on
those lakes come here to get their harbors im-
proved for the benefit of the Navy and the com-
merce of the United States? Sir, I am a grown
man; 1 have thrown off my swaddling clothes.
You cannot put any such idea on me. Am I to
believe that the citizens of Marquette, more pa-
triotic than any other people of the United States,
have come here and begged Congress to make an
appropriation for the general benefit of the United
States by improving their harbor ? They do no
euch thing, in my judgment. It is a politeness
to call it a delusion. I say they are acting on
personal motives to get benefits from the public,
disproportioned to their burdens. The same
principles were uttered, before I uttered them, by
Washington, by Jefferson, by Madison, by all
true men who ever lived since Adam was driven
out of Paradise. It is the law of human society;
it is the law of nature. Why do we want con-
stitutions ? Because we know that majorities are
Unjust. Why do we bind every man who takes
a seat here by the strongest obligations that can
bind a man, appealing to Omnipotence for the
truth of his declaration, that he will stand by, and
maintain and support the Constitution of the.
United States ? Because the framers of the Con-
stitution would not trust you without it. The
Constitution is based on the idea, that where the
interests of particular localities are at stake men
are not to be trusted; majorities are not to be
relied upon; they are unjust; they will take
advantages. The whole history of human nature
is daubed, and blackened, and defiled by the in-
justice and the wrong of power. ' Am I to refrain
from saying this, because the venerable Senator
from Michigan tells me it is unfortunate that this
impression should go abroad ? I hold it to be
fortunate that other countries have been cursed
with venal parliaments and other legislative as-
semblies; and the men who proclaimed it, and
not the men who concealed it, are adjudged to
have been the friends of liberty and justice. Let
it be proclaimed'that it may be remedied.
The Senator from Louisiana says that you do
not violate a principle by refusing to make the
system equal; and intimates that those who do not
feel sufficiently interested to bring forward bills
should hare nothing. The object is to give some
as little as will accomplish the purpose of getting
for others. That is tne feeling of society every-
where; it is the feeling of human nature; it is the
feeling against which I am combating.
Now, on the other point, the Senator from
Vermont, when he wants to equivocate, may
endeavor to screen from just odium the personal
liberty bills of his State, and talk of the habeas
corpus, but we all know what the meaning is. The
Supreme Court of the United States has again
and again declared all such laws to be in violation
of the Constitution.
Mr. PUGH. I have no doubt of that.
Mr. TOOMBS. In Massachusetts the per-
sonal liberty law was passed, though their Gov-
ernor vetoed it, though their own courts decided
' that it was against the Constitution. Their
Legislature committed perjury, according to the
judgment of their own courts, in order to defeat
one of the objects for which the commercial
power was yielded to Congress in the convention
which formed the Constitution. I say that, even
1 in the States which have not got such laws, the
constitutional provision is a dead letter. I know
there are honest men in the North; but there is
i scarcely a locality in the northern States to which
1 could go to get back a fugitive slave of mine (With-
out my life being in danger. There maybe excep-
tional cases, but it is the general rule. We have
seen it in Pennsylvania, one of the soundest
States of the Union, where really there are as
many honest, truthful, constitutional men, ac-
cording to my views of fidelity to the Constitu-
tion, as are to be found in any other State; but,
: even there, a citizen of Maryland has lost his life
in the simple, ordinary execution of judicial
process to obtain a fugitive from la"bor.
Mr. BIGLER. I presume the Senator is famil-
iar with the circumstances connected with that
affair.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator from Ohio gave
a partial explanation of the circumstances which
led to some of the local difficulties, and the local
laws which were interposed in reference to the
act of Congress for rendition passed in 1793.
Now, sir, if the Senator from Georgia will permit
me, I will extend that explanation just at this
point, though I agree that it has nothing to do
with the subject under consideration.
The decision of the case of Prigg vs. the Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania was the commence-
ment of difficulties as to the administration of
that law in Pennsylvania. The Supreme Court
held that the local authorities had no right to aid
in the administration of the law, or, in other words,
that the local legislation was wrong; that the local
authorities had no agency, and could have no
agency, in administering the law. In our State
process could therefore be had at Philadelphia and
Pittsburg only. The court went further, and laid
down the principle, that the ownerof a fugitive had
a right to take him by virtue of the Constitution
wherever he could find him; that he had a clear
right to his slave wherever he could find him;
and it was intended that Congress should give the
means of rendition by law.
The effect was, that the owners of fugitive
slaves, acting on this decision of the Supreme Court
at points remote from Pittsburg and Philadelphia,
where it was inconvenient to get process from the
Federal courts, made their arrangements to take
up the fugitives violently and carry them off.
Such was the case in Bedford, Somerset, Centre,
and Clearfield counties, of Pennsylvania; and in
the whole interior region there were gentlemen
who allowed themselves to become agents for this
work to discover fugitives, and they were vio-
lently carried off without any process and without
any trial. I believe that, at least, one free colored
man was carried of from my State.
These circumstances led to the laws that were
Fassed in Pennsylvania. I disapproved of them.
was a candidate for Governor, and urged the
repeal of the law refusing the use of our State
prisons for the rendition of fugitive slaves; and
when the question was distinctly presented of re-
pealing those laws, I was elected, and urged the
State Legislature to repeal them, and they were
repealed. But it is true, as has been stated by
the Senator from Ohio, that the trouble com-
menced with that decision of the Supreme Court.
We never had any difficulty before; there was
no attempt to interfere with the law of Congress
before; and the legislation that was had in Penn-
sylvania was in consequence of the violence
adopted in reclaiming fugitives, because of the
inconvenience of administering the law of 1793
after that decision. I presume we shall always
have difficulties in administering the law of 1850,
which we have now in force, similar to that in
1793, in particular localities under great excite-
ment; but I say this to the Senator from Georgia:
he has done the people of Pennsylvania no more
than justice in saying that they intend to be
faithful to the Constitution—to this provision as
well as to all its provisions. They hold that the
Constitution of the United States cannot be main-
tained in part, and disregarded in part; but that
it must be maintained as a whole—this feature
which provides for rendition as well as every
other.
But, sir, there are considerations that should
be looked at in judging of the case to which the
Senator from Georgia has referred, which oc-
curred at Christiana. It occurred under very
peculiar circumstances; and I think but for the
impressions made by that decision of the Su-
preme Court, and the discussions that grew out
of it, we should probably never have had that
degree of violence in Pennsylvania.
Mr. TOOMBS. I had no intention to bring
out these explanations, though I differ with gen-
tlemen that they have nothing to do with the
question before the Senate. 1 was stating the
circumstance that, in the free States, the fugitive
slave law is a dead letter.
Mr. PUGH. Wherever it has been attempted
it has been executed.
Mr. TOOMBS. There have been one or two
successful attempts at rescue. The case just
spoken of was one; one at Boston was another;
but there is a temper of society that does forbid
the execution of the law in all the northern
States. We cannot shut our eyes to the fact.
There is no use in concealing it. There is no
safety in shutting our eyes to the truth. There
has not been a fugitive slave recovered, whose
capture has not been a loss to the Government,
or to the owner. The validity of the law is de-
nied by persons standing high in the confidence
of the free States, who have maintained a total
denial of the obligation to render-back fugitives
under the Constitution. It is true, there are men
high in their confidence who hold that there is a
higher law than the Constitution and their oaths
to support it, and they are sustained by it. I
have fitgh authority, that of Mr. Webster, who
himself said the southern States were not bound
by the Constitution when the North failed to
carry out their part of it.
I cannot agree with gentlemen that this has
nothing to do with the subject before the Senate.
I say that, when we are appropriating the public
money in this manner, it is proper to inquire
whether the advantages for which the power
under which these bills are claimed was surren-
dered have been granted ? A law to carry out
the constitutional provision, admitted by the local
courts and by the judgment of the great body
of the people to be constitutional, is not exe-
cuted. It means something, and I say it has
much to do with this case. The question is,
whether we are a Government to-day? Have
we a common Constitution that covers every acre
of this^ territory ? The grand national ideas
which gentlemen have thrown out are but by-
words and poetry that mean nothing now. They
talk about the benefits of the Union when it standi*
repudiated and trampled under foot, where it is
too weak to subdue adverse prejudices or inter-
ests, and yet you appeal to me for nationality.
Sir, it finds no response in my bosom. 1 am for
nationality under the Constitution of my fathers,
made by their agreement, just, equal, adequate
to the prosperity and the progress of this whole
country. That has had the approbation and
affection of every fiber of my heart; but a con-
stitution which, after having been sustained by
me and by my fathers, is now repudiated by
those who make the appeal to me, finds no re-
sponse in my bosom. The appeal to me under
these circumstances excites no other feeling but
derision and contempt. I shall feel myself dis-
honored by its maintenance the moment public
opinion shall have finally settled upon sustaining
the men and the policy who thus construe and
thus treat it. I am now appealing to public opin-
ion. I have been appealingto the South; I have
been appealing to the North; I have been appeal-
