1054
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 12,
34th Cqng....1st Sess.
Assault an Mr. Sumner—Mr. Cullen.
Ho. of Reps.
and the gentleman from New York whospoke yes-
terday,{Mr. Simmons.] When I first heard of this
case I was inctincd to believe that the House b&d
no jurisdicflon over it. I thought it was a breach
of the privileges of the Senate, and that they had
jurisdiction over it and power to try it, and the
inclination of my mind was to dismiss it from
our consideration and have nothing more to do
with it. Laboring under that impression, I voted
against the raising of the committee in this matter,
and I resisted it in every stage before its passage
in the House; but since that time I have become
convinced that we have jurisdiction. A full in-
vestigation into the precedents has satisfied and
removed my former doubts. Sir, great feeling
has been excited in all portions of the country in
reference to this assault and battery. 1 must
regret it. Even in the quiet State of Delaware,
■wnere the people are notof that excitable temper-
ament which characterizes the people of some of
the other sections of the Union, I have received
letters from valued friends, informing me that the
greatest excitement exists upon the subject. If I
could be permitted to read from many of the let-
ters I have received from that State, some gentle-
men would be much surprised at the feeling man-
ifested among many of my valued constituents
upon this offense. It is in vain to say that these
correspondents of mine are any of them Aboli-
tionists. We have not among us any of that class
who are in favor of protecting one section of the
country at the expense of the other. No, sir, my
constituents are, one and all, true and fast friends
to the South—friends of the East, friends of the
West, and friends of the North. They are, one
and all, friends of our common country; and they
desire and expect that the American House of
Representatives, who now have it before them, to
act upon this matter as patriots having one com-
mon interest in the prosperity, union, and happi-
ness of these United States—tbey expect every
one of us to do that which is right.
Before I go further,I propose to discuss the ques-
tion in this case, in relation to Mr. Edmundson,
of Virginia, whom the committee have implicated,
as I believe, most unjustly. I listened with great
pleasure to the eulogy which my friend, the hon-
orable gentleman from Virginia, {Mr. Bocock,]
pronounced upon that gentleman, and I must say
that I assent to every word of it. My acquaint-
ance with him, (Mr. Edmundson,] it is true, has
commenced with the beginning of this session.
It has been short, but long enough for me, from
my intercourse and association with him, to say
that the eulogy is true to the letter; and I can
with great pleasure and truth say more of him
than my honorable friend has just pronounced
in his favor, that he is regarded by all as one of
the most chivalrous and honorable among the
members of this House, and that he is as con-
spicuous for his frankness and candor as for his
integrity and intellect. Every man who knows
him confides implicitly in him. And it is for
these qualities I fear that he is now before us.
This is an effort to east imputations upon him,
making him a witness, with the expectation that
he would make a fall and fair disclosure of all he
knew, aStd thus implicate himself. If it was in-
tended to make him a criminal, why was he sum-
moned by the committee to testify before them
as a witness? Why not inform him of the accu-
sation against him ? Why was it that he never,
until the signing of the report of the committee,
was notified of the charge, informed of its nature,
or an opportunity given him to examine witnesses
On ms part, showing his innocency? I am un-
willing to believe that the majority of that com ■
iruttee intended or meant to do injustice to any
of the.accused; but every principle of law and of
justice require that Mr. Edmunbson should have
been apprised of his offense before he was ar-
raigned upon his trial. It is plain, from the
•report of the committee, as printed and placed
upon oar desks, that he was not notified of the
charge against him. This, of itself, should in-
duce us, without further proceedings in his case
v immediately to acquit him. '
Sir, I must say, with all due respect to that hon-
orable committee, I did feel no little mortification
when I saw that honorable name connected with
punishment in the committee's report. When I
came to investigate the facts, I must again say,
that I was grieved and pained that the honorable
gentlemen composing that committee, every one
of whom I greatly respect and revere—especially
my friend from New Jersey, [Mr. Pennington]—
should be connected with the proceedings against
Mr. Edmundson. We find that Mr. Edmund-
son was called before that committee, as before
stated, not as a criminal, but as a witness to
testify what he knew. He made no objection;
he presented himself, and gave a fair and candid
statement of the transaction, as all who were ac-
quaint^ with the man well knew that he would
do. His statement was without bias, without
prejudice, as every one of us expected. Yet
now his evidence, given as a witness summoned
by that committee, is to be converted into an in-
dictment against him for a grievous offense, with-
out any testimony other than his own—without
any notice of any charge against him. And,
Mr. Speaker, we are now asked to punish him
upon his own evidence alone. Have gentlemen for-
gotten one of the well-grounded principles of the
law? Is it not the universal rule, that the testi-
mony of a man brought as State's evidence is
not to be used to implicate the witness? If you
admit a man as a witness to testify, do you' not
discharge him as a criminal? Is it not always in
such cases implied, if not expressed, that, if
the accused will testify fairly as to the guilt of
his confederates, he himself shall be discharged ?
The law throws around the witness thus situated
the shield of its protection. There is not a pros-
ecuting officer in the country who would have
the hardihood to prosecute a man who had be-
come a witness under such circumstances, and
especially for that which was only proved by his
own testimony. A roan's testimony, given under
such circumstances, cannot foe used to prove his
guilt. There is not a court of piepoudre on the
face of the earth which would so permit the forms
of the law to be so prostituted as to defeat the
ends of justice. When the committee subpenaed
Mr. Edmundson, it was, as he expected, I have
no doubt, and as the report shows, that he might
testify to the extent of his knowledge of the facts
of the case, fairly and impartially. When then
his testimony is given, the committee turn around
and say, " Here is criminal matter. You prove
yourself to have been an accessory. You were
joined with the offender, and you must share his
punishment." Mr. Esmundsom may justly com-
plain that the same notice given to Mr.kwtt was
not given to him. He [Mr. Edmundson] was not
informed of any charge against him—not asked
whether he had any witnesses to testify in his
defense; he had no opportunity to examine such.
No, sir, not a solitary word is said to him of
what is intended. No caution or warning even
to put him upon his guard is proposed or offered.
I do not complain of this, because, from all the
evidence in the case, I can confidently ask the
House, with a full assurance of success, to ren-
der a unanimous verdict of acquittal, so far as
Mr. Edmundson is concerned. 1 ask it of gentle-
men as men of intelligence, all of whom love right
and justice. I even ask the select committee them-
selves to erase from the resolutions the name of
Mr. Edmundson.
Let us look at the matter. God forbid that I
should attempt to misquote anybody! Mr.
Edmundson says, and his statement is the only
evidence produced against him, (vide committee
report, page 59:)
"The morning after Mr. Scmker closed his speech,
while on my way to the House with some other gentlemen,
I met Mr. Bkoo.es at the foot of the first flight of steps
approaching the Capitol. I accosted him, saying,' You are
going the wrong way for the discharge of your duties.' He
asked me to walk with him. I did so. He then told me
Mr. Sumner had been rery insulting to his State, and that
he bad determined to punish him, unless he made an ample
apology. _ He said to ate, I wish you merely to be present,
aiid, if a difficulty should occur, to take no part in it. Sum-
ner may have friends with him, and I want a friend of mine
to be with me to do m$ justice. I asked him what was bis
purpose ? He replied, it was to call upon Mr. Sfmner for
the insulting language used towards his State; and if he did
not apologize, to punish him."
This is all the evidence in the committee "a report
which has the slightest tendency to criminate Mr.
Edmundson. Is it sufficient to justify this House
in passing any vote of censure upon him ? Every
lawyer must say, " No, it is not." The language
is, that Mr. Bmoki Mod that he intended to pun-
ish Mr. Sumner, unless he [Sumner] made an
ample apology. Is there in this language—and
I have quoted it verbatim et literatim from the
report of the committee — any declaration of an
intent on the part of Mr. Brooks to punish Mr.
Sumner under any and all circumstances? No,
sir; it is plain, from the very words used, Mr.
Brooks only intended to punish—to commit an
assault and battery, in case such ample apology
should not be made. The intent was, then, only
conditional, and not positive. Every lawyer
knows the definition of an assault, anil in what
it consists; all know what it is that constitutes a
battery. The act of drawing a weapon within
reach of another in an angry, rude, or violent
manner, constitutes a case of an assault in law.
Yet it has always been held by the highest judi-
cial authorities known to the law, and never con-
troverted or denied, that an assault may be ex-
plained away by words. A man drew his sword
while another was abusing him, and within strik-
ing distance, and said, " I would not take such
language as this if it were not assize time."
The courts in this country and in England—the
courts of law, always, one and all, have uniformly
held that such act of drawing a sword, or other
weapon, upon another, in anger and within reach
of the offender, when accompanied with words
qualifying the act, was not an assault, because it
did not show a present intent, coupled with an
ability, to do the act; in other words, an assault
may be explained by words. Mr. Brooks said,
as the committee's report proves, same page: "I
have determined to punish him, [Sumner,] un-
less he makes an ample apology." Was it not
the avowed intention of Mr. Brooks that he first
meant and in tended to inform Mr. Sumnkr of his
[Mr. Brooks's] complaint, and his grievance?
Could Mr. Edmundson presume and believe that
an apology was not expected—that none would
be offered or made ? Yet being told this by Mr.
Brooks, that the contemplated assault was contin-
gent—dependent upon the apology—yet it is al-
leged to be a participation in the affray on the part
of Mr. Edmundson. I deny that it was. We are
bound to take the statement and the evidence as
it is, and we cannot dispute or discredit it. The
evidence further shows that Mr. Brooks told Mr.
Edmundson that he did not want Mr. Edmundson
to take any part in the matter. Mr. Edmundson
was not a participant in it. He had the right to,
and no doubt did, presume that no assault would
be made, because, under the circumstances, it was
but fair and just to believe that such apology
would be given, if fairly demanded in a proper
spirit. It is to be remembered, and kept in mind,
that Mr. Edmundson was not present when the
assault was made, nor took any part in it. In
the higher offenses against law, as treason, &c.,
ao in the lower, as misdemeanors and trespasses,
there are no accessories—all are principals; for
the maxim is, Lex de minimis non curat. To make
a man guilty of a misdemeanor, or a trespass, as
this was, it must be shown that he was either
present, aiding and assisting in the offense, or
that he previously commanded, or in some way
connected himself, by his own acts, with it, or
that, after its commission, he in some form rati-
fied and confirmed it. These are well-k no wn prin-
ciples of the laws of our country. How is this
proved, or shown, in relation to Mr. Edmundson?
He was told that an assault would be made,
accompanied with words which explain it away.
It is not proved, or in amy way shewn, by the
evidence taken by the committee, that he [Mr.
Edmundson] at any time, before or after the
assault, approved of it; or that he advised it, or
in any manner concurred therein, either before
or after its commission. When told of the inten-
tion of Mr. Brooks, as before stated, Mr. Ed-
mundson had a right to presume that, inasmuch
as Mr. Brooks and his relative had been abused,
Mr. Suhnbr, upon being asked in a friendly
maimer, would, upon cool reflection, withdraw
the offensive language used by him in that speech,
which gave the provocation for the assault.
Does Mr. Edmundson, in any manner, justify
the offense ? Not in one single word. And yet
it is proposed to make an honorable man—one of
our most honored members—suffer for an offense
which he never committed, never approved of,
from which h« derived no benefit, ana which was
