1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Culkn.
Ho. or Reps.
perpetrated in hia absence; and to bring upon this
House die imputation of punishing an innocent
man. The principle of the law is, that it is better
that ninety-nine guilty men should go unpunished
than that one innocent man should suffer. What
would gentlemen have had Mr. Edmcndbon do ?
As was well asked by a gentleman near me, would
they have had him disclose that which was commu-
nicated to him in the private confidence of friend-
ship ? It was no part of his duty to communi-
cate aiatters confided to him in that way. Why,
then, do you seek to punish him ? He has done
no wrong. He has done nothing more than any
other gentleman, under the circumstances of the
case, would have done. He did not advise, :
neither has he approved of the act. He .has done ;
no wrong, and I ask a unanimous verdict of the ;
House for his acquittal. j
Now, 1 come to speak of other matters in this \
case. It is insisted that this House has not juris- <
diction. On that point I am now well satisfied
that we have. Mr. Speaker, my constituents ex- [
nect me to do my duty in reference to this matter, i
I stood before that confiding people declaring :
that I belonged to that school which held ana
admitted the doctrine of instruction. I believe
in it. The people have the right to instruct their
representatives. 1 subscribe to that doctrine-
have always avowed it; and so long as I havt
the honor of representing the people of my na-
tive State, I will obey their will or resign my
place. My people, as I have said, are a quiet
and peaceable people. There are few or no Ab-
olitionists among them. I reside in as strong a
pro-slavery county as any that can be found in
South Carolina, Alabama, or Mississippi, or any
other State in the Union. Yet very many of the
people- even in that county, as well as in the-
other two counties of the State, with one voice
say to their representative,'' Do your duty in this
outrage." At the same time, it gives me great
Eleasure to say that they do not justify Mr.
cMNEa in what he said, which has given the
great provocation. Many of them say to me
that they believe that he spoke what he ought
not to have spoken in the place where he did
speak it.
But two wrongs never can make a right. I
believe, in my conscience, that Mr. Sumner did
wrong. I cqanot justify his language in that
celebrated speech in relation to South Carolina
and her distinguished Senator. I regret that he
uttered that language, as reported in his printed
speech. I regret especially that he should have
used it in relation to J udge Butler, of South Caro-
lina, one of our honored fathers, a man having
such a hold on the affections of the people of his
native State, which has sustained and supported
him from youth to old age, and has honored him,
from time to time, with high positions. Although
differing from him in political matters, 1 have
read his speeches for the last ten years with
profit to myself, and admiration of the man. I
never spoke to him, or had any associations with
him; and yet I revere and honor-him. I must
say, that I read with great pain the imputations
cast upon him by Mr. Sumner. I felt no resent-
ment; but I felt pained at it. I felt grieved that,
in that Senate Chamber, which had been So long
noted for all that is dignified, venerable, and elo-
quent, should reverberate with the most offensive
imputations cast upon that distinguished Senator,
or upon any portion of my countrymen. I hope
that the honorable Senator who uttered those
words is himself, on cool reflection, willing to
withdraw them.
But, admitting that there was provocation in
this case, does provocation make justification ?
Why, sir, we all know that neither libel or slan-
der affords justification for an assault or battery.
We all know thc^ in law, if a man calls another
by the grossest epithets, a liar, a fool, or a scoun-
drel, the person so abused has no right to knock
down his slanderer, or even to assault him.
The law does not permit a man to become the
avenger of his own wrongs. The courts are
open to all for redress, and to them we are bound
to resort for redress, if any we wish. We must
at last rely upon and trust to our neighbors and
acquaintances, when Assailed, to vindicate our
honor. Wemust4ppealtothera< Let men when
abused resolve to lead better lives, and show that
the charges of their calumniators against them
are false.
Now, sir, erase out of the Constitution every
word .in it in relation to the privileges of members
of Congress; strike out or the Constitution the
clause protecting members for words spoken in
debate, and, if you please, insert a clause, that
no member of either House of Congress shall
utter words in debate disrespectful to another—
and yet, if such clause were inserted in the Consti-
tution , and then, even if it is violated, such provo-
cation, however aggravated, would not justify an
assault or battery upon the member violating it.
This case, then, stands without justification. No
one, by legal principles known to the law, can
justify such an assault for words spoken, or for
a libel. 1 cannot justify it; and I must say that
I was greatly surprised to hear several gentlemen
on this floor, in the course of this debate, attempt-
ing a justification of such assault—defending it
here, and quoting not from legal writers, or legal
precedents, or decisions of legal tribunals, but
from Dr. Franklin, who Mas written several hu-
morous pieces ironically to show that for abu-
sive language a man has a right to resort to
violence. The quotation from that writer (Dr.
Franklin) referred to was mere burlesque, never
designed to be followed—mere sport; and yet it
was read here to this House, sitting as a judicial
tribunal, as a judicial authority and precedent to
prove, that if a man slanders me I have a right to
knock him down. I venture to say that no gen-
tleman can produce a case, in any court in Christ-
endom, where such a decision was ever mads.
It has bees the universal doctrine of the common
law, from time immemorial—no words-, however
false and provoking* can in any case justify an
assault, much less a battery, upon the person
using them, no matter when and where spoken.
One libel cannot justify another libel. A libel
cannot justify even an assault. The publication
of one libel will not justify the person so libeled
to utter or publish another upon his assailant.
It is in vain to look for any justification of this
assault. It is in vain to say that Mr. Sumnek
did wrong—that his speech was a libel and a
slander not to be borne. It is in vain to Bay that
Mr. Brooks had the right to perpetrate that as-
sault. He has no such right. His feelingB may
have been excited, and I can make allowance for
that', but I roust say to him, that the idea of hia
being justified in the assault is a mistaken one.
I have seen many persons sentenced to fine and
imprisonment for aesa«lts and batteries commit*-
tea under much greater provocation than those
now under consideration were. And am I to be
told now, that the judges of the land know noth-
ing of the laws under whish we live? It is a
strange assertion, indeed, that we know not the
laws of our country; that assaults and batteries,
and libels, may one and all be justified by provo-
cating words or other misconduct, and that man
has the right to be his own avenger, to redress
his own wrongs, and to punish to His satisfaction
all weaker persons who may offend him; that
we now live under a new and different dispensa-
tion and a new system of laws, authorities, and
precedents, which none of us have studied ? Sir,
"I prefer those laws, and customs, and authorities,
and precedents, which we have studied, which
we know and understand, to any new system or
revelation, even though it come down to us from
the spirits of philosophers and jurists, as revealed
by the spiritual rappers, who profess to speak
for the spirits of the dead.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what is our duty t<J-day ? I
regret that there has been so much feelingexhibited
on ^lis floor in regard to the question of slavery in
connection with this case. I can only say to those
gentlemen who have attempted to depict its hor-
rors before us, to paint in glowing and vivid traits
the evils of slavery among us, that I have lived
among slaves all the days of my life; I was bred
and brought up with and among them. I have
! played with them, mixed much with them, yet I
: must be permitted to say that I have never seen
such pictures or representations as have been rep-
resented on this floor during this debate. I must
say that these paintings are wholly from the im-
aginations of tne gentlemen, who have exhibited
them so for from truth and reality, as seen and
known by those of us who live in slave States,
that, before their pictures can be known or un-
derstood, like the Dutchman, they must write
upon them, "Di> iide horse,dis it ie cow," before
we can recognize their likeness. I never saw or
knew of a bludgeon used upon slaves. I have
long owned and held a slave who never received
a blow of any kind from me or mine. He knows
nothing of the lash—he has never seen any in*
strument of cruelty for slaves. My neighbors in
general, I believe, can say the same of many of
theirs.
I have lived all my life in slave territory. I have
often visited and traveled intheState of Maryland,
particularly on the Eastern Shore, and have also
visited and traveled some in Virginia, and I never
saw anything to realize the pictures of slavery
which have been presented to us here during this
discussion. Nothing like it. I never saw any of
that savage treatment of slaves which gentlemen
talk of. I never have seen, or even heard of the
Gospel being denied to a slave, or of any of them
being prohibited from hearing it. I have never
known a slave to be refused permission to attend a
place of worship—never have heard before of such
a charge. The difficulty is to get the slaves to go
and attend places of worship when the Gospel is
preached. My practice as a lawyer continued
for about thirty years in a slave State, and yet,
in all that time, never has there reached me but
one solitary case of cruelty or abuse of a master
to his slave. This was the charge. In the county
in which I reside a master was charged with cru-
elty to a slave. He was indicted by the grand
jury of the county. That case was brought be-
fore a court and jury; and the court charged that
the condition of master and slave was just like the
condition of master and servant or apprentice, and
not beyond it; that a master had the right to give
moderate correction to his slave as he nad to his
apprentice; but that if the correction were exces-
sive, beyond the offense, and disproportionate to
it, it was a violation of the law. The jury heard
the case, weighed the factB impartially, and unan-
imously acquitted the master.
That is the only instance that has occurred in
that State as far back as any one now living can
recollect. The instance is rare; but it shows the
law and that protection to which the slaves are enti-
tled, and in fact receive, i  a alave State. Neman
can wantonly «r without cause, abuse his slaves;
and yet the master has the right to correct that
slave when disobedient to lawful orders. There
must be subordination. No cruelty is practiced
or allowed. Why, sir, Do man who would treat
his slave with cruelty or neglect—none who
should refuse to feed and clothe his slave, could
hold up his head in a slave State. He could
never hope to be treated with respect by his
neighbors if he should abuse his slaves. The
statement that in South Carolina, and in all the
South where slavery exists, that the stave is
abused, over-worked, half fed, not clad, is not true,
and I will venture to say that no man there ever
said so. I never saw such an instance—not one,
| in my own State, or any others of the slave
1 States where I have traveled. If gentlemen will
go with me to the county where I was born,
where I live, and where I expect to die, and
where the bones of my ancestors for many gen-
erations lie moldering in the dust—if they will
go with me to the Eastern Shore of Maryland,
, or to the parts of Virginia where I have traveled
and visited, I will show them the slaves as I have
, seen them, whose appearances would determine
i the mistake as to their treatment. I would take
them to see targe collections of negroes, free and
skives, collected together in one large crowd.
Compare the two classes, the free with the slave.
Sir, in looking into a large assemblage of this
mixture, even an unpractieed eye can readily
discern the slave from the free. The cheerful
and animated countenance of the slave, his w*"-
fed body and his well-clad person soon show
you that he is the slave. See his contented face;
see health depicted in his countenance, and draw
a contrast between them; and see the free negro
by the side of the slave; see the poor negro a
tattered garments; see his half-starved body, de-
mure countenance* Yes, wr* he rejoices in hia
