1056
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 12,
34th Cong...-.1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Cullen.
Ho. of Reps.
liberty and his rags, half fed to-day, and nothing
to eat to-morrow, depending upon a precarious
subsistence of charity and plunder for a living.
Gormandizing to-day, and nothing at all to eat
to-morrow. Not so with the slave——his wants
are well supplied and even anticipated—free from
care, joyful and happy—no fears for the future,
well provided for with the comforts of life.
I therefore say to gentlemen, that their pictures
of slave life are gross caricatures. If you want to
get a true idea of slave life, imitate the celebrated
geologist of Great Britain. Go to Georgia, go to
Alabama and toMississippi, and see slavery as it is.
View the institution and its workings with your
own eyes—not those of another—and then judge
for yourselves. If gentlemen would do this, in-
stead of readingUncle Tom's Cabin, or such other
fanciful sketches of slave life as are placed in their
hands, we should never hear from them again of
the horrors of slavery, its cruelty, and its crime.
Read the work, and the description which the cel-
ebrated geologist, to whom I have referred, has
f'ven of slavery in Georgia, in South Carolina, in
labama, and in Mississippi. He is a foreigner—
'an Englishman—one who had no prepossessions
in favor of our country when ne came here.
Does he point out, or charge cruelty or wrongs
to the slaves—that even unkindness is shown to
them ? Does he tell us that, after so long and
such repeated opportunities of seeing for himself,
their condition is that of misery—that the insti-
tution of slavery produces that degradation, that
soul-destroying system which gentleman who
have never witnessed it so feelingly describe?
Not at all. He says that the kindness of the
master to the slave is well known; the slave is
well provided for, well fed and clothed, and not
worked to excess. This is the testimony of a
foreigner and an Englishman. We all know the
strong attachment which connects the master
and slave. We know that many masters have
slaves whom no money could buy from them,
and who would suffer no separation between them.
I believe, and may well say that 1 know, that
gentlemen who have declaimed here so vehe-
mently against slavery are mistaken in regard to
it. They are lecturing us upon matters which
.they do not understand, and of which they have
no correct knowledge. Let them first go, see,
study, and learn, before they attefnpt to instruct
us., I do not say that there are no individual cases
of the abuse of slaves. There is no condition of
society exempt from such offenses. Look at
your courts in all countries, and see how many
cases of cruelty come before them—cruelty of
masters to servants, of husbands to wives, of
masters to apprentices. There may be cases of
maltreatment of slaves. All I can say is, I never
saw them. I never visited a house at which I
■aw a ragged, half-starved, or ill-treated slave.
All that I have ever seen were well fed and clothed,
and properly cared for by their masters. I never
saw any of them treated with cruelty or neglect—
never have seen or heard of any instance of the
neglect of masters to provide for them, and duly to
procure for them all the necessaries and comforts
of life, wherever I have been among them.
Let not gentlemen, therefore, be deceived in
regard to this institution. Why need they trouble
themselves about it? Can we not live together in
peace ? If we cannot live together as Christians,
let us at least live together as gentlemen. Let us
avoid these offensive personalities. Let us avoid
the use of such words as slave drivers and slave
worshippers. Let us throw ourselves upon the
Is g°°d breeding and decency, and treat
each other as gentlemen and brethren. Let us
ignore the subjectof slavery and itswrongs. Let
us not irritate each other. Letus avoid disagree-
able topics upon which we differ. The best way,
Mr. Speaker, to convince a man who is in error
is not to knock him down, or to insult or revile
him. Let us use kind language to each other.
Let us reason with each other fairly, and talk
rationally with each other. Letus use arguments,
and well known facts, and fair inferences from
them.
Now, sir, I stand up here to vindicate the Con-
stitution. I am here as the representative of a
people who will suffer all things, endure all other
evils, suffer great privations, rather than see the
Constitution of the country—to effect which so
much blood and treasure have been expended, so
many toils endured by our fathers — trampled
under foot. Sir, the descendants of the men whose
blood so freely flowed upon nearly every battle-
field of the Revolution, will never agree to sever
those bonds which unite us. They will never
give up our glorious Confederacy of equal States.
A Member. The blue hen's chickens.
Mr. CULLEN. Yes, sir, the blue hen's
chickens—the descendants of the cocks which
crowed and fought so bravely in the times which
tried men's souls; and game ones at that. Well,
sir, the people of Delaware love the Constitution
of these United States—revere and support every
clause and item of it. They know its value. They
love their northern brethren, they love their south-
ern brethren, they love their eastern brethren,
and their western brethren; they love the whole
people of our happy country. They would resent
the wrongs of Massachusetts or South Carolina
as soon as they would their own; and they would
resent the wrongs of any sister State in this
Union as their own. They are a law-abiding and
order-loving people. They are for our whole
country. They are a national people. Delaware
ever looks upon all the citizens of these United
States as one common, united people. She in-
sists and intends that this Union must and shall
be preserved intact forever; that this Union is
forever one and indivisible in perpetuam. They
ask that the Constitution shall be revered, obeyed,
and observed in all its provisions. Sir, I speak the !
sentiments of our whole people—of every party I
which has any existence in the State of Dela- I
ware. There is nothing which grates so harshly -
upon their ears as this talk about a dissolution of ,
the Union. Sir, the people of Delaware well '
know the most effectual means of bringing about
that event is to make the people familiar with the
abuse of its provisions, its want of wisdom, and
its weakness.
Sir, none of us should ever dare to calculate
the value of this Union. This glorious Union,
like many other blessings, men can never fully
appreciate until they have been first deprived of
its- great security—its protection of us all from
all the dangers which surround us. We shall
never know the true value of this Union. We
shall never know all our blessings under that
Constitution while it lasts. Sir, is there any man
in this country, North, South, East, or West, who
would trample down that Constitution—deny its
value, its wisdom, and its protection equally to
all ? Will any party proclaim their intent, when
they go into power, to undertake to abolish the
Constitution of our fathers, and say they can
establish a better one in its place? No, sir; no
party, who will ever avow such determination,
can get into power in this country. No man
in my State will ever yield to such a doctrine.
We want the Constitution to stand just as it was
framed by our fathers. Like the translators of
the Bible, who were supposed to have possessed
a portion of the inspiration with which the original
was written, so our forefathers were inspired by
the spirit of liberty, of wisdom and knowledge,
manifest in that instrument. They framed an
instrument, and under it a great and mighty na-
tion has grown up in this almost boundless terri-
tory, which is increasing in wealth and in popu-
lation, and in all the arts and sciences, beyond
all precedents which the whole world ean pro-
duce. Towns in the West have suddenly sprung
up as if by magic. School-houses and churches
have been built and erected wherever the pioneer
has reached. The schoolmaster and the preacher
have gone together; and the blessings of Almighty
God have been invoked and sent t<j and among
us, and what but lately was a vast waste now
blossoms as the rose.
Now, sir, what could we gain by a dissolution
of theUnion ? What, my countrymen, could you
gain? What could the North gain ? What could
the South gain ? Why, sir, nothing but ruin—
none could be profited by such dissolution of our
Union. Separate confederacies, distinct from
each other, we should soon become enemies in-
stead of friends—an easy prey to the nations of
Europe, who would rejoice in our downfall, apd
profit by it. United we stand, divided we fall.
The crowned heads of Europe, and their nobles,
no doubt would rejoice to see us divided and
ruined. When our Constitution is destroyed,
the friends of liberty and equality throughout
Europe and the whole civilized world, where a
free government is regarded as a blessing, will
indeed weep to see the last hope of the patriot ex-
pire forever. There can be no free government
thereafter for oppressed man. The predictions
of monarchists will have been verified. It is
what all Englishmen in general have always pre-
dicted. Sir, England envies us—she is jealous of
us as her great rival—well she may. They of that
land denounce and abuse us and our country. They
say in England, that in America—these United
States—genius sickens and fancy dies. Years ago
we were told that no man in England ever read an
American book; that England would afford us all
our books and literature for centuries to come;
and that Americans may and should confine them-
selves to the construction of grist-mills, saw-
mills, and shallops, for many generations to
come; that England would, for a long time to
come, furnish us with the precedents of law, and
all the civilization of the age, until we were bet-
ter informed and instructed in such matters.
Now, sir, look at the condition of our country.
Is it true, that nobody in England ever reads an
American book? "On the contrary, will any en-
lightened Englishman now deny that he does not
read American books—that he sees no American
literature? Are there any of the great men in
England now who do not acknowledge that
Webster and Clay and Calhoun, and many others,
were as distinguished, and equal, if not supe-
rior to, any of her own ? Formerly, England sent
many of her sons on tours to Italy, and to Ger-
many, and to Sicily. Now, sir, they come-to this
country, to see ana watch the mighty workings
of a free constitution, conferring equal rights on
all, and exclusive privileges upon none. They
study our system. Our youths, instead of being
sent on those European tours, with their tutors
or schoolmasters with them, are sent to Ameri-
can schools, to American colleges, then to the
study of their professions; from which they go to
i the forum, and from the forum they soon find
j their way here as members of this House and
of the Senate.
Sir, that great nation of monarchists, as well
as all the despots of Europe, hate our free-
dom, our liberty, our equal privileges, and equal
rights; they hate our free government, and liberal
and free principles, they abuse and Vilify us from
, envy ana jealousy; they grieve over the success-
I ful experiment which Americans have made in
I their free government. All people of every coun-
try who are oppressed—who can appreciate free-
dom, admire our system, and desire to participate
in that freedom. Foreign monarchists and despots
cannot crush us. But their envy is not left to
die. ft is well known that the exciting scheme
of universal emancipation of slavery had its birth
in England. It is England and her subjects who
have sent to this country, to the North, their
abolition lecturers, their pamphlets, and their
money, to affect the agitation of slavery in the
North and the free States—who have endeavored,
and still are endeavoring, to excite the North
against the South upon the ground of negro sla-
I very. It is the only way in which England,
i France, and other European countries have the
least hope of destroying this Union, which they
J so much envy and wish to destroy. They have
caricatured and libeled us from the Declaration of
our Independence, but they have never retarded
our advancement. Their predictions heretofore
have failed; they have since changed their policy.
We are, say they, a great country: our books
and literature are now read and used all through
Europe: our progress in the mechanical arts has
far outstripped that of the mother country: our
statesmen and jurists are equal, if not superior,
to those of England: we are, say they, advanc-
ing too rapidly, getting too powerful. Hence re-
sults this crusade against slavery, hoping to effect
a dissolution of these United States by anti-sla-
very feeling in the North against the slave States
of the South. Shall we, my countrymen, permit
England, or any other country, to dictate to us—
to turn our arms against those of our brethren ?
