1856.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
34th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Power of Congress over'the Territories—Mr. Dowdett.
Ho. or Reps.
ance-of-power theory, which had been previously
practices in the admission of the new States,
North and South, in pairs. The acknowledgment
of this radical antagonism, in so. imposing a man-
ner, in reference to a permanent institution pecu-
liar to one section, emphatically indicated, so far
v a legislative expression of opinion could do,
that we were two distinct peoples, united by the
forms of government^ but divided in sentiment.
Causes, however potential, are not always imme-
diately followed by their legitimate effects. And
it required no extraordinary sagacity to see that1
the continuance of this marked line upon the stat-
ute-book would, sooner or later, have led to a dis- j
solution of these States. It is true, that this line
only ran through the then unoccupied territory
of the Louisiana purchase; but it was the unfor-
tunate continuance of the old Mason and Dixon's
line, and was the establishment of a principle in
the disposition and government of our Territories
unwarranted by the compact of union, and cal-
culated, by depriving the weaker section of plain
and just rights, to lead to the most disastrous
consequences. The South, in the vain hope of
purchasing peace, yielded to these unconstitu-
tional demands of the North, and a temporary
quiet succeeded. The opiate alleviated the pain,
but did notarrest the depredations of the disease.
In conformity with the balancing theory, now
clearly marked out by a geographical line, the
following States were admitted in pairs like the
ten already mentioned. Missouri, admitted aa
above stated, adjusted the scales, and each sec-
tion had twelve States. Michigan came in in 1837,
and Arkansas in 1836. Iowa and Florida were
embraced in the same bill, but owing to a dis-
puted boundary between Iowa and Missouri, Iowa
was not admitted until 1846. Florida came in
the year previous, 1845. Texas was admitted in
1845, and Wisconsin in 1848. The desperate strug-
gle in the political canvass of 1844 to prevent the
annexation of Texas, on the part of a large por-
tion of the North, because of its slavery institu-
tion, and on the part of a small portion of the
South, because one of the great national parties,
through the opinion of its candidate, had become
involved in the opposition, is well remembered by
the country. By its acquisition the South was
enabled to maintain her relative strength—a matter
of vital import to the safety of her rights under the
circumstances, when a large party was struggling
for supremacy in the northern States, for the pur-
pose of controlling the Federal Government, to
circumscribe and destroy southern institutions.
The addition of the six States last mentioned left
the two sections in 1848 with fifteen States each.
During this period a war was being carried on
with Mexico, and the celebrated Wilmot proviso
was introduced into Congress, not only to em-
barrass the Government in prosecuting the war,
but to threaten the South with a total exclusion
from all the territory which might be acquired.
The termination of the war, and the treaty of
Gaudalupe Hidalgo, brought us from Mexico
a Urge scope of new territory. The two sec-
tions were equal in the number of States, and
therefore possessed equal political power in the
Senate. To maintain this equality in the dispo-
sition of the lately acquired country, gave rise to
a fierce sectional controversy, which again shook
the Union to its center. The North endeavored
to apply the Wilmot proviso to the whole terri-
tory. The South contended that, as she had
consented to the line of 36° 30', which divided
the Louisiana purchase, all slave territory,
largely to the advantage of the North, and had
consented to the same line being run through
Texas, all slaveholding territory, that it was but
just and fair that the same line should be ex-
tended to the Pacific, through the recently ac-
quired Mexican territory. This proposition was
rejected. The principle of division established
at the settlement of the Missouri question, and
subsequently recognized in its application to
Texas, was ignored and abandoned. It was all
very proper when slaveholding territory was to
be divided, but marvelously improper when free
territory was to be affected by it.
Notwithstanding it was well known that the
South had contributed largely more than her
proportion of men and money to purchase the
territory, an equal participation in the enjoy-
ment of the common territory, thus purchased,
was denied to the South. A sectional, political
feeling on the part of the North, sufficiently strong
to appropriate to their own political advantage
this vast domain, won by common valor, in con-
tempt of the previous principles of partition—in
contempt of the Constitution of the country—in
contempt of the plainest rules of right and justice,
and by the acquisition to become strong enough ;!
further to oppress the South, and pervert tne !
true object of union, was well calculated to alarm
thfc people of the South, and to drive some of j
her statesmen into the advocacy of a separation. -
To calm the dangerous agitation another compro-
mise was brought forward. California, with a 1
constitution excluding slavery, was admitted, ;
and the South shut out entirely from the Pacific i
coast. The extent of that State covering ten j
degrees of latitude, and reaching below the line \
of 36° 30', embraced, in view of its rich mines,
the most valuable part of the new acquisition. ;
Thus the scale inclined North again, never to
find another equilibrium. The remainder of the
Territory, under the names of Utah and New
Mexico, the latter including the portion taken
from Texas and the Mesilla purchase, was or-
ganized into territorial governments. In the
opinion of eminent lawyers and statesmen, the !
municipal laws of Mexico forbidding slavery, |
remained in force over this vast region, and
whether true of not, in point of fact, involved an
uncertainty calculated to deter the slaveholder
from venturing with his property, when, under
the most favorable circumstances, there was lia-
bility to law-suits about title. Thus slavery was
effectually excluded from the whole of our newly
acquired possessions, covering an area of at least
six hundred thousand square miles. The old
line of 36° 30', as a compromise in principle be-
tween the two sections, was rejected by the
North.
In this world, however, there is scarcely any
evil without some compensating good. So far
as territory was concerned, the South lost greatly
by the compromise of 1850; but she succeeded
in the acts organizing Utah and New Mexico,
in having a new principle established, or rather in
having the true State rights constitutional theory
recognized in reference to the admission of new
States, which had been practically ignored at an
early period, and totally abandoned in 1820. By
the express terms of these acts, the doctrine of
non-intervention by Congress with slavery in
the States and Territories was declared, and that
each State hereafter applying for admission into
the Union, should come in with or without
slavery, as the people might determine in the
convention forming her constitution. It was here
settled, as far as Congress could settle the ques-
tion, that the old method of partition, which, by
a geographical line, kept up a dangerous distinc-
tion between our people, and gave to the pre-
ponderating side an excess of political power,
liable to be used for oppression, and wholly in-
consistent with that unity of feeling necessary
to the integrity of the Government, was to give
place to the doctrine of non-intervention. With-
out the understanding that this policy was to be-
come permanent, I cannot believe that the Sduth
would ever have acquiesced in the legislation of
1850. She could not have done'so, without
throwing herself entirely at the mercy of the
non-slaveholding States. A glance at the map,
in connection with statistics of population, will
satisfy any one of this.
The area of the South, in square miles, at pres-
ent, is only eight hundred and eighty-two thou-
sand two hundred and forty-five; whilst that of
the North is one million nine hundred and three
thousand two hundred and four—nearly two and
a half times greater. And her population is like-
wise twice as large as that of the South. The
addition of California gave her the majority of
States, which will, in a short time, be largely in-
creased by the admission of Oregon, Minnesota,
Washington, Nebraska, Utah, and NewMexico,
with their probable and contemplated subdivis-
ions into other States; whilst the South has the
' bare possibility of adding to her minority the
one State of Kansas. Thus the control of every
department of the Federal Government is perma-
nently within the power of the North. With
this great disproportion between the two sections,
both in regard to States and population, nothing
short of the strictest abstinence on the part of
the Federal Government from all interference
with the subject of slavery in the States and
Territories, can prevent the fostering of sectional
feelings, the formation of geographical parties,
which will naturally beget animosities and preju-
dices, destructive to the peace of society, and in-
compatible with the continuance of the Union.
In pursuance of the settlement of 1850, the
Congress of 1854 proceeded to organize the Ter-
ritories of Nebraska and Kansas, and to apply to
them the principle of non-intervention. As these
Territories were a part of the Louisiana purchase,
and had, under the compromise of 1820, become
subject to the unconstitutional restriction of pro-
hibiting slavery north of 36° 30% it became neces-
; sary, in order to give the new principle free scope,
: to declare in the acts organizing them that restric-
tion, inoperative and void; and to avoid all ambi-
guity it was further declared to be the true intent
and meaning of the act not to legislate slavery
j into, nor to exclude it from, any Territory or
: State, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free
to form and regulate tneir domestic institutions in
: their own way, subject only to the Constitution
of the United States. The permanent establish-
| ment of this principle by the indorsement of it
North and South, and a national policy in strict
conformity with its spirit, may ultimately restore
good feelings, and calm the sectional agitation
which is the fruit of that old balance-of-power
theory, originating thathostile line of36°30', and
which, more than once, has urged us to the point
of dissolution. We have been so accustomed to
think and act in reference to this dividing line,
and in consequence of it sectional opinions and
paVties had progressed so far, that to avoid a con-
flict at this day will require all the patriotism
which we can summon, and all the conservative
power which we can command. The line of 36° 30"
must be erased from the memory of the masses;
and the idea, that we are two people of antago-
nistic interests, indicated by that line, must be
blotted out from the mind, and in its stead planted
the true constitutional principle which looks to
I liberty and union, that every people, when form-
I ing their constitutions, shall be left perfectly free
to regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, subject only to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, or else we h> vain will look for peace.
Should the people, in the approaching canvass, by
their voice pronounce the Kansas and Nebraska
act a definite settlement, then I shall entertain
strong hopes for the future of our country; but
should they repudiate that settlement and indi-
cate a return to the old partition policy, then
nothing short of a miracle can prevent a disrup-
tion of the Government, or, what I consider far
worse, the subjugation of the South. If so
plain a proposition of right, one that commends
itself to every fair, mind for its simplicity, equal-
ity, and justice, cannot command the approbation
of the people, then has prejudice blinded their
eyes, and hardened their hearts, and I have no
doubt they will be given up to a strong delusion,
which only will be dissipated by the fires of revo-
lution.
Let us look at the subject free from its compli-
cations. The people south of the line 36° 30 
are allowed to do as they please—choose their
I own institutions: the people north of the line are
; not free to do as they please, but are prohibited
, from owning a certain species of property. The
Nebraska-Kansas act simply proposes to make
the people north of that line as free as the people
south of it, to put them upon the same footing,
to permit them all to regulate their domestic affairs
; in their own way, limited only by the Constitu-
: tion of the United States. Was there ever a
; plainer proposition, one more fair and just and
constitutional?
I must believe that the disposition of the fruits
of slave labor, and not the institution itself, has
been the real cause of the conflict between sections,
and that all the prejudices against the institution
have been excited and appropriated to further ths
designs of avarice and ambition. If this be not
so, how shall we account satisfactorily for the
desperate and unreasonable attempts on the part
I of the North to obtain political supremacy? How
