1060
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 28,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Power of Congress over the Territories—Mr. Dowdell.
Ho. of Reps.
shall we explain her furious opposition to a meas-
ure so clearly in consonance with the spirit of the
compact, anu in strict accordance with the State
rights and federative theory of our Government?
The framers of the Constitution attempted to
guard against this very sectional combination
which the crusade against slavery is designed
to accomplish. In article first, section ten, it is
expressly declared that " No State shall enter
into any treaty, alliance, or confederation;" and
again, " No State shall, without the consent of
Congress, enter into any agreement or compact
with another State." There is no mistaking the
object of this clause. If the individual States are
thus prohibited from making agreements and com-
pacts with each other, how, let me ask, can Con-
gress be used as an instrument to do the same
thing without violating the terms of this article?
To state the case a little differently: suppose the
sixteen northern States should, either imconven-
tion,or through their Legislatures, jointly resolve
that the fifteen southern States should not partici-
pate in the enjoyment of any part of the common
territory which had been paid for by the common
fund, because they differed in opinion about the
manner and means of its settlement and cultiva-
tion, would any one be found stupid enough to
doubt the unconstitutionality of the combination?
It would be conceded .universally to be a flagrant
violation of the compact. Is the outrage any the
less clear, because, instead of proceeding directly,
they indirectly effect the same object by using the
Federal Government, as a common agent for the
purpose ? And are not the northern States in this
line of dangerous policy, when they seek to put a
prohibition upon slavery extension ? Do they not
depart from the true intent and meaning of the
Constitution, when they interfere with interests
not common to all the States; and will not sueh
interference, thus conflicting with the original
design of the Government, engender bitter feel-
ings and local animosities, which may end in
most disastrous consequences ?
One word more in regard to this balancing theory.
tf the rights of the South in the protection of her
slave property is to become dependent upon this
theory for security, then, as before remarked, the
scales must be evenly balanced—the equilibrium
must be maintained. Is this possible ? Certainly
not. The scales have already preponderated
North, and will continue so. The Federal Govern-
ment is now controlled by northern majorities.
That it will be used to oppress the South is se-
riously threatened. Nothing buta speedy return
to the original State-rights theory of non-interfer-
ence witlvlocal and domestic concerns, or a radical
change in the moral public opinion of the North
about the sin of slavery, can avert the danger of con-
stant sectional collisions. How do the various
religious sects in this country, with irreconcilable
differences in doctrines, move along together in
such peace and harmony? Simply because the
opinions of each are tolerated, and none dare inter-
fere with the rights of the other. Would this be
so, were a majority of the sects to combine to
coerce opinions upon the minority, or circum-
scribe their privileges ? No, indeed. Instead of
that Christian kindness and courtesy which pre-
vails now all over the country, persecution would
lift toer bloody arm, and peace would flee away.
Just bo will it be if we in our political relations
depart from the State-rights theory of non-in-
tervention with the domestic interests of each
other. In vain did the planters of St. Domingo
protest against the French Assembly's interfering
with their local concerns, about which theyi ig-
norant necessarily of the wants of that people,
could not wisely legislate. The fanatical philan-
thropy of that day, stimulated by the Society of
Amis des Noirs .which at first disavowed eman-
cipation, ended in a catastrophe to both races
Without a parallel in horror, and from the effects
of which the island has never recovered. This
miniature abomination will ^ive gome faint idea
of the result* of interference m this country upon
a larger scale. But the South, unlike the island
in the far-off sea, will not suffer alone. The blight-
ing effects of interference will reach the instiga*
tors, not only in a pecuniary point of view, like
they did France, but the cup of bitterness, which
the St. Domingo planters drank to the dregs, will
be forced to the lips of those whose proximity
will not permit them to escape the poison of their
own compounding, and the consequences of their
own crimes.
Where does Congress get the power-to legislate
for the internal ana domestic affairs of our peo-
ple, either in State or Territory ? It is conceded
on all sides, that it possesses no power but that
which is specifically granted, or such as may be
" necessary and proper " to carry out the granted
powers. Implied powers springing from the ne-
cessity and propriety to execute granted powers,
can, therefore, be extended no further than to
attain that result. It is too true, as remarked by
an eminent statesman of Virginia, that " a gov-
ernment can, by an unlimited power of construc-
tion, stretch constitutions as Jeffreys did laws, or
interpret them as synods do Scripture, according
to the temporal interest of the predominant sect;"
and unless this be resorted to, we areas safe from
interference under the implied as under the granted
powers. No government in our system is invested
with sovereignty. This highest of all political
degrees resides in the people. All our govern-
ments, State and national, are but delegated
agents, covered with restraints and limitations.
It is the legitimate attribute of sovereign power
to make constitutions, and to say what institu-
tions shall or shall not prevail. And nothing less
than this sovereign power can destroy property.
Governments in this country were instituted to
secure and protect, n ot to bestow or destroy, prop-
erty. If, then, absolute power over property
belongs to sovereignty, and if no government in
our system, either State or national, is sovereign,
it follows that the exercise of any such power,
whether predicated upon direct grants, or Claimed
as a necessary inference, is not only a usurpation,
but a subversion of the fundamental idea upon
which our system rests, and destructive of civil
liberty. To intrust agents without restraint or
limitation with such a power, would be to invest
them with an attribute of sovereignty inconsistent
with Democratic institutions, and tend to an entire
overthrow of rights essential to the progress of
society. No State can pass '' a law impairing the
obligation of contracts." Why was this clause
inserted in the Constitution but the more securely
to guard the rights of property? Thus the then
independent people of the States, so jealous of
the exercise of this dangerous power, have, by
solemn compact, bound themselves not to use this
power whilst members of the Union, unless by
the consent of three fourths of the sovereignties
through the amending power. If the States have
thus bound themsel ves not to exercise this power,
hoW can it be claimed that their governments, or
the Federal Government, their common agent,
with much less pretension to sovereignty, can in-
dulge in its use ? If it requires a specific grant of
power to Congress in order to enable them to
establish a rule to measure property, such as the
power " to coin money and regulate the value
thereof," it cannot certainly exercise the higher
power of taking away or destroying property
without an express grant. And an express grant
for any such purpose would most assuredly have
converted a subordinate government, and one
considered jointly as a trustee, into supreme au-
thority, ana made the people, the principals, mere
subordinates.
The natural right of self-government, previously
a theory, was practically established by the Rev-
olution; and in our system the doctrine is, sove-
reign people, and subordinate governments, and not
the reverse, as held and acted upon by the old
Federalists. The colonies contended for the right
of regulating their domestic and local affairs, con-
ceding to Parliament the power over external
affairs. The Parliament asserted the right to
legislate for the colonies in all cases whatsoever, and
denied the just distinction between internal and
external legislation. The issue was made up,
the conflict came, and the result was a separation.
Let those who take the British view of the sub-
ject profit by the example, " The right to local
supremacy was asserted by every colony," and
was clearly recognized by the action of the early
Congresses. This principle is the vital idea in
our system, and cannot be destroyed without a
complete revolution, to be followed by the loss
of liberty, and the installation of despotism.
It is stated in Marshall's Life of Washington,
" that many of the best-informed men in Massa-
chusetts adopted the opinion of the parlifftnentary
right of internal government over the colonies,
and that the General Court of Massachusetts ex-
plicitly recognized the principle." They were,
doubtless, led into the error by following the
English statutes as precedents. But many of her
statesmen of the present day, true to old Fed- 1
eral instincts, cling to the exploded errors of the
past, and claim for the Federal Government,
which bears no resemblance in the extent of its
powers to the British Parliament, a similar ri ht
to legislate for the internal affairs of a Territory.
Precedent is an enemy to principle,and grasping
power is never wanting in precedent to justify *
exorbitant exactions. Constitutions bind down
governments with cords to' prevent encroach-
ments, but it is too often the province of prece-
dent to sever the cord, and turn the tyrant loose.
The Constitutionfs the onlychartfor theGovern-
ment to steer its course by; and a thousand pre-
cedents, however solemnly established, should
not induce a departure.
It is now claimed by the Opposition that the
ordinance of 1787, passed before the adoption of
the Constitution, is a precedent to control our
legislation for the Territories, under the Consti-
tution. The provisions of that ordinance pro-
hibiting slavery in the Northwest Territory are
clearly inconsistent with the powers of the pres-
ent Government; and if they were not repealable
by Congress, under the Constitution, it could
only have been upon the ground, that the new
government bound itself " that all engagements
entered into before the adoption of the Constitu-
tion shall be as valid against the United States,
under this Constitution, as under the Confedera-
tion." (Article VI.) It is not necessary to my
purpose, now, to inquire whether the Congress
of tne Confederation transcended the limits of its
power in inserting this prohibitory clause in the
ordinance. I believe they did. But that ques-
tion has been practically disposed of. I desire
simply to assert, that the precedent is not appli-
cable to the present state of things. That there
can be property in slaves, whoever else may
deny, Congress cannot contradict the proposi-
tion. Their master, the Constitution, has, in
more than one place, recognized the fact. This
species of property was alluded to in the first ar-
ticle, which directed that, in the apportionment of
Representatives and direct taxes, after speaking
" of free persons, including those bound to ser-
vice for a term of years, and excluding Indians
not taxed, three fifths of all other persons" should
be added. Likewise, in article one, section nine,
where " the migration or importation of sitch per-
sons was not to be prohibited prior to the year
1808," and a " tax or duty may be imposed on
such importation not exceeding ten dollars foreach
person. And again, in article four, section two,
when fugitives from service or labor are required
to be delivered up on claim of the party to whom
such service or labor may be due.
I might rest the matter here so far as the power
of Congress over the subject is concerned. The
power that created Congress treats of those per-
sons mentioned as property. But the law of na-
tions, as held and declared by the highest courts
of judicature in England, recognizes property in
African slaves. The cases were cited by the
honorable gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. War-
ner,] whose argument to this point was unan-
swerable. The law of God, as recorded in the
Bible, speaks of the institution without condemna-
tion, and proceeds to regulate the moral relations
of master and servant in the same spirit that it
does parent and child and husband and wife. To
deny, then, that slaves are property, is to ignore
the law of God, the law of nations, and the su-
preme law of the land.
This being true, then, I deny power to this
Government to divest a citizen of his property,
directly or indirectly. To say what shall be, or  
shall not be property, is the peculiar attribute of
sovereignty. The Federal Government is not
sovereign: whence, then, the right or power to
discriminate between the property of individuals
or sections, and to prohibit either the one or the
other from the use and enjoyment of the same?
If Congress should claim the power to prohibit
the introduction of horses into a common terri-
