1896.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1069
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Ready.
Ho. or Reps.
on the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia, and the presenting of abolition peti-
tions, they would in the end bring about a disso-
lution of the Union. But the agitators ceased not. .
Blind to the instincts of justice, and deaf to the <
persuasive voice of reason, they heeded not the j
warning counsel of the patriot statesman. It ;
ia, I believe, Mr. Chairman, a settled maxim in ;
chancery, that a man shall not be permitted to :
take advantage of his own wrong. If Mr. Fill- !
more has been instrumental in keeping alive this ;
sectional excitement which has at last brought
tbe Union into extreme peril, I ask, shall he be
allowed to reap advantage from the unfortunate
condition of his country, for #hich he is respons- i
ible, and ride into the highest office of honor
upon the feelings of a conservative reaction, i
awakened and stimulated by the eloquence of :
James Buchanan ? Never, sir. The intelligent :
masses of our countrymen will not desert the
standard of him who labored at home, who
labored abroad, who labored in this House, who
labored ia the Senate, who labored in the Cabinet,
everywhere and at all times during his long pub- :
lie life, to -protect the rights of tne South, and
the rights of his whole country, when invaded 1
by enemies abroad and fanatics at home. j
Now, sir, I desire to say, in conclusion, a lew I
words in reference to our foreign affairs. I see |
that my time is too short to dwell upon the sub-
ject. Mr. Buchanan heartily indorses the plat-
form adopted at Cincinnati. In accordance with
its letter and spirit he will be governed, and
"every proper effort of his Administration will
be made to insure our ascendency in the Gulf of
Mexico, and maintain a permanent protection to
the great outlets through which are emptied into
its waters the products raised on thesoil,and the
commodities created by the industry of the peo-
ple of our western valleys, and of the Union at
large." (Resolution Democratic platform.) It is
desirable that we Bhall, as soon as it can be legit-
imately done, acquire the Island of Cuba. There
are both military and commercial reasons for the
acquisition, which make it an object of the great-
est importance. The benefits to be derived are
common to the whole country. Shall we permit
the madness and folly of a Free-Soil policy to ob-
struct so great a national interest? It is true that
a few more slaves will be brought into the Union;
but then their condition will not only be improved
by the exchange of masters, but the further im-
portations from Africa under tlie operation of
the laws of Congress, wquld be prohibited. The
intercourse and trade between the eastern and
western States must continue to increase as ne\fr
States multiply upon the Pacific. The vast pro-
ductions of the great valley of the Mississippi,
and those of its tributaries, admit of unbounded
augmentation.
Now, when we consider that Cuba is within
gunshot of the capes of Florida, and commands
the entrance to the Gulf, over whose waters this
immense commerce must pass, its speedy posses-
sion becomes a national necessity. We cannot,
with safety, permit any strong naval power to
own it. There are reasons likewise peculiar to
the South which require an early annexation of
that island. In the possession of a power un-
friendly to the institution of slavery, it would
doubtless be used, from its close proximity, to
annoy our citizens and destroy their property.
Where does Mr. Fillmore stand with his party,
in reference to this most interesting subject ? The
earnest effort of the present Administration to
obtain this island, I suppose, was a part of that
policy which they are pleased to denominate
"unwise and reckless," and to which they de-
clare opposition.
If I remember rightly, during the administra-
tion of Mr. Fillmore^in the spring of 1851, a cer-
tain proclamation issued from the executive man-
sion somewhat unusual in its character, having
reference to the affairs of this island. The Creoles
of Cuba, stung by the exactions and weighed
down by the oppressions of Spain, were stimu-
lated by^the. successful example of this great
country, which had, under similar oppressions
of the mother country, not only declared, but
achieved, its independence, to strike fbrfreedom.
The natural sympathy which we felt for a neigh-
bor, thus atruggling to be free, induced several
patriotic young men, who had for examples La
Fayette, Pulaski, Kosciusko, and a host of other
worthies of our Revolution, to claim for them-
selves the right of expatriation, in order to lend
a helping hand to the oppressed. That procla-
mation preceded the departure of this gallant
band of patriotic young men, who, animated with
the same spirit which immortalized the heroes I
of the Revolution, had left the comforts of home,
j with all its peaceful attractions, to encounter
the hardships of war in a strange land. And
in no unmistakable terms, it denounced them
" as adventurers for plunder and robbery," and .
I doubt not was received with pleasure by the j
Captain General as a document exactly suited to
his dark and tyrannical purposes. It proved to be
the death-warrant to many of those young men.
1 remember how the country was affected when
the nephew of a Senator from Kentucky, the
gallant Crittenden, with his gallant comrades,
fell before the Spanish bullets. When asked to
kneel, like a true American, he said, "I kneel to !
nobody but God and my country." He faced !
the enemy, and fell in behalf of Cuban liberty. |
The consul at that place, Mr. Owen, failing to
afford protection, \vent, in comparative obscurity,
shouldering the responsibility justly due to him
who issued the proclamation. There was the
authority which gave the Captain General nerve
to execute an American. How different was the
scene ia Mexico, when General Jackson was be-
fore the people for the Presidency, and Mr.
Poinsett, his friend, was our minister to Mexico!
Gomez Pedraza had just been elected President,
and many of the people being dissatisfied with
the result occasioned a revolt. A large mob
paraded tbe streets of Mexico. They approached
the house of a widow of a former viceroy, which
was near the residence of Mr. Poinsett. She
implored him to protect her; likewise many of the
European Spaniards fled to him for protection.
The mob surrounded his house; cannon was
brought up and planted in front; an attempt was
made to force open his doors. He went imme-
diately into ail open balcony with his secretary.
The American flag was flung to the breeze.
Pointing to it, he told them of what it was the
emblem. " The crowd was awed, and the ex-
cited multitude dropped the muzzles of their
muskets, and rolled back as a retiring wave of the
ocean." We had the prospect then of Andrew
Jackson for a President. And the same senti-
ments found a place in the bosom of the present
Chief Magistrate. In his inaugural hesaia " that
tbe humblest American citiaen could neverwander
so far away from home in the pursuit of legiti-
mate business, but he would see to it that no rude
hand of tyranny or despotic pewer should be laid
on him with impunity. In the Bay of Smyrna,
when Martin Koszta was arrested by the Austrian
authorities, this declaration was substantiated in
his prompt deliverance from their clutches. Now,
I submit, that when Mr. Fillmore shall go over
the country with his orators to vindicate his right
to occupy the White House, there will rise up
in his path the ghost of the murdered Crittenden
to rebuke him for aspiring to become the head of
a great people with such ideas of the rights of
American citizens as would thus abandon them
to the tender mercies of a tyrant, by placing
them, when in the exercise of an American
right of expatriation, on a par with outlaws and
pirates.
Mr. Chairman, there is over this country but
little excitement; and it is astonishing, when there
is such a grave question to be decided. But let
us not deceive ourselves. The very coolness and
calmness that rest on the public mind give new
gloom to the darkness and dangers which sur-
round us. It is not an indifference to the issue,
but thAevidence of minds made up to the issue.
The alternative is taken. There is a great respon-
sibility resting upon all of us. We have a goodly
heritage. Shall we preserve it; or, like unworthy
and degenerate sons, in madness and folly, dash
the treasure down ? The South loves this Union
with a filial affection. Her concessions in ourpast
history demonstrate the fact. She has sent her
sons to the battle-field, and they have freely poured
out their blood for the common cause. She loves
the Union. " She will cling to it as the mariner
dings to -the last plank in a storm." While it
continues to protect the rights of her people she
will never abandon it. But We must not forget
the gfeat object for which the Union was formed.
We must be just and generous towards each
i other, avoid the first approaches of evil pas-
! sions, by discountenancing all sectional agitators,
frowning upon all sectional injustice, and faith -
! fully adhere to the Constitution which our fathers
gave us. If we do this, we shall never fail, but
go onward and upward, in our high career of
' Christian civilization, until the light of our glo-
rious example Shall illuminate all the dark places
of the Earth.
National politics.
SPEECH OP HON. CHAS. READY,
! of tennessee,
; Ik the House op represeijtattves,
August 6,1856.
The House being in tbe Committee of the Whole on the
ctale of the Union on the Naval Appropriation Bill—
Mr. READY said:
, Mr. Chairman: I do not suppose, At the pres-
: ent hour, and in view of surrounding circum-
; stances, that I should be successful in gaining
: converts to any position I might assume, either
for or against the Navy appropriation bill; and
therefore, instead of discussing that subject, I
shall take the privilege of following the example
set by others, and discuss a different subject. I
propose briefly to discuss the pending presiden-
tial election—the different parties and their can-
didates before the country, lit doing so, I do
not propose, to enter into art Analysis of their
political opinions, past or present; no* shall I
speak harshly of any one.
Portentous events arte staring us Irt the face.
There has been no period in the histdry of the
country when we have been so much divided by
party spirit. There has been no period when we
have had so many aspirants tot presidential
honors, each claiming an election on entirely
different and distinct principles. Inl our past
history, we have sometimes had a number of
candidates; but then, several here of the same
party. Now, we have three prominent parties,
each of which has announced its platform or
political creed, and nominated its presidential
candidates; Their respective Creeds vitally con-
flict with eich other oH'important points, and are
totally irreconcilable. A fourth party, more ultra
than either of the others, has also announced a
creed, and nominated candidates; while a fifth,
not having as yet made any nomination, seem
disposed to exercise individual preferences in
selecting from amongst tile candidates of the
others.
Amidst all this division of pubfic sentiment
and alt the excitement abroad id the land, there
is one principle prominently presented in the
platforms of every party, (except the radical
Abolitionists,) which, if honestly entertained, and
faithfully adhered to by them, ought to bring
consolation to the heart of every patriot. It is,
that they ill profess to advocate the principles
of the Constitution and the preservation of the
Union.
I will take the privilege of briefly referring to
a few extracts I have made from their platforms.
The Democratic party declare, "That claiming
fellowship with, and desiring the cooperation of;
all who regard the preservation of tile Union
under the Constitution as the paramount issue,"
(fee. They say they go "fot maintaining the
Constitution inviolate, and the perpetuity awl
expansion of this Union," Ac.
Again, they claim for the Democratic perty the'
" high and sacred duty," " as the party of the
Union, to uphold and maintain the rights of every
State, and thereby the Union of the States;
to sustain and advance constitutional liberty,
(amongst other means)4' by a vigilant and con-
stant adherence to those principles and compro-
mises of the Constitution which are broad enough:
and strong enough to embrace^ and uphold the
Union as it was, the Union as it is, and the Union
as it should be, in the full expansion of the ener-
gies and capacity of this great and progressive
people " CeWfttythere ^ noobjeetion that
