1064
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 6,
34th Con<j....1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Ready.
Ho. of Reps.
there it not patriotism enough in these resolves
of the Democratic party.
The Republican party declare "that the main-
tenance of the principles promulgated in the Dec-
laration of Independence, and established in the
Federar Constitution, are essential to the preser-
vation of our republican institutions; and that the
Federal Constitution, the rights of the States, and
the Union of the States, shall bepreserved." This
has my cordial concurrence. The American party
declare that they go for " the perpetuation of the j
Federal Union as the palladium of our civil and j
religious liberties, and the only sure bulwark of '
American independence." !
If we were to look only to these declarations of;
sentiments, proclaimed by these respective par-;
ties, and form our opinions as to their patriotism
and their determination to maintain this Union, j
on the principles of the Constitution, surely we
should have no misgivings for the future. But
when we scrutinize more closely, we shall find
this avowed devotion to the Constitution and the
Union is based upon the principles which each
party deduces for itself from tne Constitution,
and which are as various and conflicting as the
parties are numerous; and I much fear, we have
another exemplification of the trite remark, that
" all is not gold that glitters."
As I have said, these different parties have
nominated their candidates for President and Vice
President; they are now in the field, and their
friends are actively prosecuting the canvass. The
Democratic party, par excellence, claim to be the
peculiar guardian of the rights of the people, of
the Constitution and the Union, and they have
placed their candidates on their platform, which
embodies those high and patriotic pretensions.
Nevertheless, they nave, in substance and in fact,
declared to the nation, that they stake their hopes
of success upon a single issue, namely, the main-
tenance of the Kansas-Nebraska act, and the
principles it contains. It is a prominent feature
in their platform; but they have, in other ways,
more emphatically announced it the controlling
sentiment,and declared their determination, upon
it to sink or swim, survive or perish. Their can-
didate for President, in his letter of acceptance,
says that there are two " topics now most prom-
inently before the people." One, the subject of
civil and religious liberty; the other, domestic
slavery, as connected with the Kansas-Nebraska
act; and which he elaborately discusses. AH
other questions are disposed of by him, with
only a passing notice. The newspaper organs
and public speakers of the party have declared
this is the great issue upon which the election is
to be decided.
My honorable colleague [Mr. Watkins] I see,
in a letter which has appeared but to-day, declares
that the Kansas and Nebraska act is the pivot
upon which is to turn the question, whether the
American Government is capable of maintaining
itself. The Washington Union, the Government
organ of the party, announces the same principle
from day to day. A leading Democratic journal
in my own State, in speaking upon this subject,
say 8:
'• The issue of this canvass, overshadowing and absorbing
everything else, is made up on the Kansas-Nebraska act,
and the principles it embodies. The man writes himself a
knave or a fool who denies the Act. It is now conceded by
the leading men of alf parties." ,
So prominent has this issue become with the
members of the Democratic party, that I believe,
to-day, they are ready to take to their embraces
every man, no matter what may have been his
political antecedents—no matter what other prin-
ciples he may avow, if he will only give in his
adhesion to the Kansas-Nebraska act, and declare
his determination to support their candidates. If
" Old Nick and his imps" were permitted to go
to the polls and vote, I believe they would Be
willing, upon the same terms, to receive them,
without further questioning, so anxious are they
becoming for votes. Why,sir, it was published
in the Democratic journals in my State, and else-
where, that I had gone into the Democratic party,
and would sustain "the nominees of the Cincinnati
Convention. I believe they were willing to take
me, Know Nothingism ana all, if I would only
support Buchanan and Breckinridge. I am sure
t never gave them any cause for such a state-
ment. Having advoca(#<L&ad voted for the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act, because, amongst other rea-
sons, it repeals what I believe an unconstitutional
law;and inasmuch as they have proclaimed it the
great issue of the canvass, I know not but they
supposed I would support their candidates, re-
gardless of all other considerations.
I hope I may be pardoned for what seems to
be a digression, partly in regard to myself; and
shall now return more directly to the issue ten-
dered by the Democratic party.
The Republican party nave taken up the glove
thrown down by the Democratic party, and joined
issue with them. They have nominated their
candidates, and placed them upon their platform,
four fifths of which is taken up in presenting, in
one shape and another, the slavery and Kansas-
Nebraska issue. All other subjects are merely
incidentally noticed.
As soon as the issue was thus joined between
those two parties, the Democratic proclaimed the
Republican party sectional, and, of course, their
candidates also sectional. I do not controvert
the correctness of the position. I believe there
is no one out of the pale of the Republican party,
who does not regard it as sectional. Certain it
is, they expect the country to .be divided by a
geographical line, and they look north of that
line for the-support of their candidates. I sup-
pose there is not a member of the Republican
party, even in the wildest vagaries of his imagin-
ation, who ever dreamed that Fremont and Day-
ton would get an electorial vote south of that line.
The Democratic party claim the credit of na-
tionality; and they point with apparent triumph
to the fact that every State of the Union was
represented in their nominating convention. With
as much propriety, the Republican party may
point to the fact that there were Tepresentatives
in their nominating convention from several
southern States. That there might be found in
every southern State (if the fact were so) a few
persons who agree in sentiment with the Repub- ;
lican party, and who might misrepresent their
respective States in a convention, would be a poor
argument to prove the nationality of their party,
when there was not the remotest prospect of car-
rying a respectable, popular vote, ana of receiv-
ing a single electoral vote in any southern State.
The same argument will apply with equal force
to the Democratic party, if the facts correspond.
Let us see. Is it not true, that they expect their
chief, if not entire support from the southern
States ? If they should be so fortunate as to
carry Pennsylvania, which neither of the other
parties will concede, it is about as much as they
expect or hope for in the northern States. That
the Democratic party is now greatly in the mi-
nority in Pennsylvania, is a fact so notorious that
their only hope of carrying it is, that the Amer-
ican and Republican parties may so equally
divide the anti-Democratic vote as to give the
Democratic ticket a plurality.
On a similar foundation rest all the hopes they
have of carrying any other northern State. If
they can carry the entire South, and Pennsylva-
nia, and perchance one other small State having
three or four electoral votes, they will have enough
to elect their candidates. Their hopes are based
upon the idea that the southern States feel them-
selves under their peculiar care and guardianship,
and that their rights, their property, and their
interests, would not be secure anywhere else than
in their hands. Has it escapea the observation
of a single man, that the whole policy, and the
whole political warfare of the Democratic party,
at the present time, is to alarm the South, and
thereby draw them into the Democratic fold ?■
Has it escaped the observation of anybody that
their tactics are to persuade the American party
in the South, and all who are disposed to vote for
Fillmore, that every vote they cast for hi* is a
vote thrown away, and thus far aiding the elec-
tion of Fremont and Dayton ? Every appliance
which the ingenuity of practiced politicians can
bring to bear is resorted to for the purpose of
effecting this object—showing the important fact,
which I have already announced, that they look
to the South, almost exclusively,for the support
of their candidates; and unless they can bring
the South up in solid phalanx, their chances of
success are hopeless.
Under those circumstances, and for other rea-
sons in which I do not concur, the Republican
party charge the Democratic party with being
sectional. If espousing one side of an issue, and
depending upon the northern States alone for their
support, makes the Republican party sectional,
(and I think it does,) itis difficult to see why hold-
ing the other side of the issue, and depending
almost as entirely on the South for support, does
not also make the Democratic party sectional.
By parity of reasoning, the same rule which makes
one sectional must also make the other so. In-
deed, sir, the truth cannot be disguised, that those
two parties are exerting themselves to array the
country into two great antagonistic, sectional
parties, North and South.
I need not detain the committee by drawing
pictures of the evils which would result from the
success of a sectional party. Perhaps every gen-
tleman can form in his own mind a more truthful
picture of it than I can present. But, as an im-
portant feature in the drama, I must be indulged
in reading a few extracts, showing the state of
northern and of southern sentiment in connection
therewith. And, first, of northern sentiment. The
Hon. Erastus Hopkins, in a speech made in the
Republican nominating convention, said:
' " If peaceful means fail us, and we are driven to the last
extremity, when ballots are useless, then we will make
bullets effective."
H. M. Addison said:
" I detest slavery, and say, unhesitatingly, that I am in
favor of its abolition by some means, if it sends all the
party organizations in the Union, and the Union itself, to
the devil. If it can only exist by holding millions of human
beings in the most abject and cruel system of slavery that
ever cursed the earth, it was a great pity that it was ever
formed, and the sooner it is dissolved the better."
The following resolution was adopted a few
weeks since at a meeting of Republicans at Mon-
roe, Green county, Wisconsin:
" Resolved, That it is the duty of the North, in case they
fail in electing a President and a Congress that will restore
freedom to Kansas, to revolutionize the Government."
The following is an extract from a letter of
W. O. Duvall, who is said by the Providence
Post to be one of " the leading Republicans of
Nevf York:"
" I sincerely hope a civil war may soon burst upon the
country. I want to see American slavery abolished in my
day; it is a legacy I have no wish to leave to my children ;
then my most fervent prayer is, that England, France, and
Spain, may speedily take this slavery-accursed nation into
their special consideration; and when the time arrives for
the streets of the cities of this ' land of the free and home
of the brave' to run with blood to the horses' bridles, if the
writer of this be living, there will be one heart to rejoice at
the retributive justice of Heaven. This, of course, will be
treason in the eyes of the doughfaces in this land. Well,
tliey are familiar with Dr. Henry's celebrated prescription
— * make the most of it.'"
The following is an extract from an editorial
in the New York Courier and Enquirer, edited
by General James Watson Webb:
" The remedy is, to go to the polls, and through the ballot-
box repudiate the infamous platform put forth at Cincinnati,
and over which the black flag of slavery waves with char-
acteristic impudence; and failing in this, do as our fathers
did before us—stand by our inalienable rights, and driv
back with arms those who dare to trample upon our inher-
itance. There is no boasting and no threat in this. It is
the calm language of honest, conscientious, and determined
freemen, watted to us by every breeze from the West; and
they are already acting in strict conformity with their
avowed determination."
The following is an extract from a speech re-
ported as having been delivered by General Webb
in the Republican convention which nominated
Fremont and Dayton:
" They ask us to give them a nomination which, when
put fairly before the people, will unite public sentiment,
and, through the ballot-box, will restrain and repel this pro-
slavery extension, and this aggression of the slaveocracy.
What else are they doing? They tell you that they are
willing to abide by the ballot-box, and willing to make that
the last appeal. If we fail there, what then? We will
drive it back, sword in hand, and, so help me God! believ-
ing that to be right, I am with them. [Loud cheers, ana
j cries of ' Good!' "J
| This last extract is not presented for the pur-
pose only of showing the sentiment of General
j Webb. He has sinceexplained that, as he spoke
without consideration, preparation, or premedi-
! tation, it should not be matter of surprise if his
words were not as guarded as are the published
I speeches of members of Congress, which have
' been written with great care before delivery, or
i the reports of them carefully revised before pub-
1 lication; that he spoke in reference to laws which
| he alleges were illegally passed by a spurious
