1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1065
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Ready.
Ho. of Reps.
Legislature in Kansas; " and it was resistance to
these laws which called forth [his] approbation,
anil, if needs be, a proffer of assistance." 1
• tlunkfWt; is a better, surer, and a peaceful rem-
edy against laws passed by force or fraud, and
winch is the only legitimate and lawful remedy;
■but 1 shall not now stop to discuss the point. I
only produce the extract to show the feelings and
sentiments of those to whom it was addressed.
It was received in the convention with " loud
cheers and cries of ' Good " Those persons
who so vociferously applauded have not explained
that they did not understand General Webb as
did the reporter. The language was uttered. It
was received with the most marked approbation,
evincing a disposition to have their purposes ac-
complished by bloodshed, civil war, and revolu-
tion, if other means failed.
1 could Yead many more extracts to show the
public sentiment of the North in regard to this
subject; but 1 pass on to a few extracts from
southern men.
The following is an extract from a late pub-
lished letter of Senator Toombs, of Georgia:
t Our dancer is not from abroad : it is at bome. The
election ot' Frtmont would be the end of tbe Union, and
ouglil to be. The object of Fremont's friends is tbe con-
quest of the South. I am comeut that they shall own us
wriwn they conquer us, but not before."
The following are extracts from a late letter of
Senator Pratt, of Maryland, to his constituents:
" No lover of Us coon try, whose judgment is unbiased
by party zeal and uncontrolled by northern or southern
fiinaticiem, can fail to see and deprecate the pending dan-
ger to the Union "
Again he says:
" But now, when this sectional exasperation has been
made available for the inauguration of a party calling itself
Republican, under whose banner, tor the ft rat time in the
biftory of the country, this sectional opposition to southern
rights and interests have united in nominating, with alleged
probabilities of success, a purely sectional ticket for tbe
Presidency and Vice Presidency of the United States, we
can no longer shut our eyes to the reality of the threatened
danger; we cannot but feel that the success of such a party
would be tbe death-knell of the Union."
And again:
"The Whigs of Maryland, whom I havfe the honor to
address, need no proof to convince tkem that calamitous
consequences would flow from tbe success of this sectional
party. They each and all know that the election of Mr.
Frtmont, and the administration of the Government by him
apoo the principles of kit party, would necessarily occa-
sion a dissolution of the Federal Union, to which they
have been taught to look as tbe source of national strength,
and of individual prosperity and happiness."
1 will close these extracts with a short one
from the letter of my colleague [Mr. Wat kins]
already referred to. He says:
" Who doubts that, whenever a President of the United
Plates and Vice President are elected upon purely sectional
principles and issues, such as are contained in the platform
and policy of the so-called Republican party, that tbe
Union is dissolved, and revolution and civil discord ensue?"
Mr. Chairman, these extracts will suffice as a
specimen of the sentiments of northern and south-
ern men in regard to the contest now going on,
though I could add hundreds of others.
Mr. BOWIE, (interrupting.) Do I understand
my friend from Tennessee to read those extracts
with a view to condemn the sentiments expressed
by the gentleman ?
Mr. READY. I do not now undertake to
eondemn any man for his sentiments. I have
read the extracts for a different purpose.
Mr. BOWIE. I desire my friend from Ten-
nessee to answer me candidly. Do 1 understand
him to exhibit and read these opinions here with
a view to condemn them as sentiments tending to
disunion ?
Mr. READY. I have read them to present to
the committee the dangers which I believe are
now impending over the country [Mr. Bowie.
And everybody knows that] in the event of the
election of a sectional candidate. 1 am not here
for the purpose of making an issue with either
of these gentlemen, but to exhibit to the com-
mittee and to the country sentiments expressed
by them, which prove the existence of the danger.
Mr. BOWIE. Still my friend has not an-
swered me.
Mr. READY. If the honorable gentleman is
not satisfied, 1 say to him frankly, that I condemn
all revolutionary and disunion sentiments. But
I do not mean to say a state of things might not
exist [Mr. Bowie. The very thing I want to
ask] which would justify extreme measures.
Disunion is the last resort. The ballot-box, and
all appeals to a sense of justice, of constitutional
obligations, and all other peaceful and constitu-
tional means, must fail first, unless the extremity
is so great that to await the result of such a resort
would of itself be fatal.
Mr. BOWIE. The gentleman has not an-
swered my question. Do you approve or disap-
prove the sentiments expressed in the letters you
nave read ?
Mr. REAPY. I have already said that I dis-
approve of all sentiments of disunion and sec-
tional discord.
Mr. BOWIE. With the permission of my
friend, 1 wish to ask one other question. Did not
Mr. Fillmore himself declare that, if Fremont
was elected, the South would have the right to
secede upon these sectional issues ?
Mr. READY. He said, if Fremont was elect-
ed, that would be the result.
Mr. BOWIE. Do you approve of what Mr.
Fillmore said?
Mr. READY. I do. He was warning the
country against the dangers of sectionalism and
sectional candidates, because it would lead to dis-
union, one of the very positions I am aiming to
establish, by showing the northern and southern
sentiment.
Mr. BOWIE. Did not Mr. Fillmore say, that
if the presidential election was carried upon sec-
tional issues, the South ought to secede ? And
do you approve of that sentiment?
Mr. READY. I do not know that he said so.
He said the election of sectional candidates would
dissolve the Union.
Mr. Chairman, 1 believe, if this sectionalism
shall be carried out, the last hope of civil liberty
will be at an end, that this experiment of free
government will have proved a failure, and the
chains which bind the minds of men will have
been riveted faster and more securely. The suc-
cess of sectionalism will be a dark day, not only
in the annals of this country, but of the human
race. If it should, as so many believe, be the
forerunner of disunion, and this heritage from
our fathers should be laid waste by civil war, the
genius of liberty will weep over the scene, then
leave this earth, never to revisit it.
But, Mr. Chairman, if the dangers so justly
apprehended should, for a time, be averted, still
the election of a sectional President would, in the
end, be fraught with the direst mischief.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. If my colleague
will allow me, 1 desire to ask him a question.
Do I understand that the letters which have been
read by my colleague from Senators Pratt and
Toombs, and from other gentlemen, in which they
lay down this proposition: that if Fremont is
elected President of the United States, and the
policy of the Republican party is inaugurated in
this Government, which policy I understand to
be the repeal of the fugitive slave law, the aboli-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia, the
abolition of the inter-State slave trade, and the
refusal to admit States into the Union because
their constitutions recognise slavery—that that
would be good reason for the South to secede
from the Union? I say, do I understand my col-
league not to accede to the sentiment expressed in
those letters, that it would be good reason for the
South to secede from the "Union ? I ask my col-
league, in fairness and candor, whether he would
submit to a policy of this kind ?
Mr. READY. If such a policy were adopted,
and all constitutional remedies failed to change
it, then it would be time to take the last resort
left to a wronged and oppressed people.
Mr. WRIGHT. Now, 1 desire, with the con-
sent of my colleague, to ask him if he does not
understand that to be the position taken by Mr.
Toombs, Mr. Pratt, and other gentlemen from
whom he has read ?
Mr. READY. I understand the gentlemen to
take the position that " the election of Mr. Fre-
mont will be the end of Ike Union," and one of
them says "it ought to be." I have read the
sentiments which they have uttered, and every
one can understand them for himself. I have read
extracts on both sides, as I have already said, to
show the state of feeling which exists North and
South in reference to these sectional issues. I
have not intended to do any one injustice. Far
be it from me to do injustice to any man or party
for sentiments they may honestly hold or expr< ss.
It has not been a part of my policy, iu theninai ka
I have undertaken to submit on this occasion, to
! arraign those gentlemen whose language I have
read, and to whom my colleague refers.
! One fact is undeniable; and here, I apprehend,
I shall have no dissent from my southern friends
in reference to the position. Whether there is
the danger which the extracts I have read indi-
cate or not, the election of a sectional Presi-
dent, whether he be a southern or a northern
man, would produce feelings of jealousy, distrust,
and hatred, if nothing worse. Under the existing
state of things, whether the Democratic party
has become sectional or not, if they should suc-
ceed in electing their candidates, does any man
believe the North would have any confidence in
them, or in their administration of this Govern-
! ment? And so, if the northern candidates suc-
1 ceed, does any man believe that the South would
I have any confidence in them or in their adminis-
tration? A spirit of jealousy, and of rivalry—a
spirit that would tend towards the disruption of
the Union, would necessarily follow. It would
enter the Halls of legislation, and upon every bill
relating to every petty appropriation, and even
upon every private claim, you would see this
sectional feeling entering into the discussions,
and controlling the proceedings, of this House.
What have we witnessed in tins Hall to-day ?
What have we witnessed for the last three days?
These sections arrayed against each other on the
; passage of the general appropriation bills, and an
i attempt on the one part to withhold the supplies
essential to carry on the wheels of the Govern-
ment, except on conditions which in themselves
are revolutionary. Is there any man who desires
the existence of such a state of things? I appeal
to northern gentlemen, would they be willing, for
i the success of their favorite candidates, to see
' such a state of things exist in this Hall ? And I
; appeal to southern gentlemen to know whether,
for the sake of the success of their favorites, they
would be willing to see such a state of things
exist here? I beg gentlemen to remember the
advice of the Father of his Country in his Fare-
well Address, "to stand by the Union, and frown
; on every man, no matter what may be his pre-
tensions, who should presume for one moment
' to say he wias a patriot, and yet would do any act
! tending to the dissolution of this glorious Union."
I leave the subject here. My time is short, and
I must hurry on.
I come now to speak of Mr. Fillmore, the „pn-
didate of the American party for the Presidency.
I know I may be subject to the suspicion of bei.i^
! influenced by party prejudice in his favor. I
freely confess to a long-cherished partiality in his
behalf—not an attachment resulting from a per-
i sonal acquaintance, but founded on his public
, services and character.
! When we look at his past history, I ask
: whether it does not furnish an assurance that the
destinies of this country will be safe in his hands ?
Called by the dispensation of Providence to the
presidential chair in 1850, the most critical crisis
which had, up to that time, existed in the affairs
| of the Union—a crisis which has had no parallel,
j either before or since, up to the present crisis-—
the most momentous duties were precipitated
upon him. The world knows how nobly he bore
himself—what ability, moral courage, and patri-
; otism he exhibited. But, in reference to his
course on his accession to the Prtk'dency, I beg
leave to let him speak for himseli. Says he, in
l his Albany speech :
" It Was then that I felt it ray duty to ri"t >ve every
sectional prejudice, and look to the welfare op t-'e whole
nation. I was compelled, to a certain exte t, o trcome
long-cherished prejudices, and disregard pai\ clums.'
i Yes, sir, he knew no section or interiit except
' that of the whole of the States. He K lew no
distinction or diversity of interest between the
! North and the South. The Constitution was hxs
chart; the Union teas his polar star. Under his
guidance, hope first began to animate the minds
of millions-who had been ready to despair; next
came faith in the success of his Administration;
and, ere long, followed the announcement, which
I went with lightning speed throughout the land,
