1066
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 6,
34th Cong....1st Sess. The Republican Party: Its necessity and its mission—Mr. Allison.
Ho. of Reps.
All if we 11, the country is saved Public confidence
was restored Discord ceased, and harmony pre-
vailed The country became prosperous and
hanpy The friends of constitutional liberty, and
patriots everywhere, rejoiced When he retired
from the presidential office, he left it with the
plaudits and benedictions of all good men. He
was awarded the virtues of a patriot and a sage.
In March, 1851, in a speech delivered in the
Senate, General Cass spoke of Mr. Fillmore's
administration, and paid it the following compli-
ment, which did but simple justice:
•' The Administration has placed itself high in the great
work of paeiiyiiig the country, and they have received the
meed of approbation from political friends and political
foes. I partake ol the same sentiment. I do them justice.
Bui I am a Democrat; and, God willing, I mean to die one. 1
This is a Whig Administration, but there is no reason why
1 should not do them justice ; and I do it with pleasure, in
tins great matter of the salvation of this country, if 1 may
say so. I have done so—shall continue to do so, whatever :
sneers their papers may contain, for I do it not for their
sake, hut for tjie sake of tlie country." j
I must now be indulged while I present an ex-
tract from the speech of a southern man. In ;
April, 1854, Mr. Fillmore visited the city of j
Savannah, Georgia. He was met, on his ap- j
proach to the city, by the citizens, almost en |
masse, the entire military of the city, the Mayor, 1
and Board of Aldermen. The Mayor addressed i
him; and speaking of his accession to the Presi- '
dency, and his administration of the Govern-
ment, said:
" It was a dark and eventful period in the history of our
Government,' when the brave began to fear the power of
man, and the pious to doubt the favor of God.' Dark and
feartul were the clouds that hung on our horizon, and men
seemed to reck not how wildly raged the storm, so that in
its fury it upturned the institutions of the South. It was
your lot to breast that storm, and bid its mutterings cease,
and to do that you must turn away from the crowds of
flatterers, to tread the lonely path of duty. With your
robes of office, as with a panoply of ice, you wrapped your-
self from all the prejudices of earlier years, and lrom all
the temptations which then surrounded you. ' Unterrified
by threats, unawed by clamors, you held on your steady
course,' preserved the Constitution of your country, gave
peace to the land we love, and repose to the institutions
we cherish, illustrating to the world that ' peace had its
victories no less renowned than war.' It is fit and proper
now, when you have laid aside place, and power, and pat-
ronage, that the affections of a grateful people should fol-
low you to your home, and linger around you in your retire-
ment."
The speaker who uttered those sentiments is
the Hon. John E. Ward, then Mayor of Savan-
nah , and President of the late Cincinnati Demo-
cratic Convention.
On the next day, at an entertainment given to
Mr. Fillmore, he offered thefollowingsentiment:
" Our distinguished gttest: Raised up by Providence to be
the ruler of a nation, he scorned to become the leader of a
Ikction."
I have given northern and southern indorsers,
Democratic indorsers, of Mr. Fillmore. Surely
I need not give any more of the same sort, though
they are so numerous, their name is Legion.
I point to his past experience and incorruptible
integrity. Are they to go for naught ? Is he not
as honest to-day as he was then ? Is he not as
sound on the great questions agitating the public
mind ? But I will again let him speak for him-
self. In his late speech in the City Hall of New
York, and in response to the Mayor, he said:
"You have been pleased to refer to the fkct, that my
public life baa been ctf a conservative character; and 1 am
ftee to admit, that 1 regard this conservatism as the proud-
est principle 1 have been able to sustain. [Applause.] We
nave received ftom our fathers a Union and a Constitution
above all price and value; and that man who cannot sacri-
fice anything for the support of both is unworthy of his
country."
In his late speech at Rochester, speaking of
the prospect of restoring harmony to the coun-
try , if he should be elected President, he said:
" All I can say is, that in such an event, I should be will-
ing to make every sacnfice, personal and political, to attain
■o desirable an object. But j can never consent to be the
President of a portion of this nation as against the other.
I can give no pledge for the future that is not found in my
past Conduct. It you wish a Chief Magistrate to adminii
ter the Consutution and laws impartially, and in every Dart
of the Union, giving to every Stau, and every Territory
and every citizeB, his just due, without fear or favor then
cast your votes for me. I repeat here, what l have said
elsewhere, that if there be those at the North who want a
President to rule the South—if there be tho$e at tbe South
who want a President who will rule the North—I do not
want their votes. I can never represent them. I stand
upon the broad platfonn of the Constitution and the taws,
it I should be called upon B administer the Government,
the Constitution and laws of the country shall be executed
at every hazard and at every cost."
I know that Mr. Fillmore, like Mr. Buchanan
and every other, northern man, is opposed to
slavery in the abstract. The term which he
served in the presidential office shows that he
was able to disregard the prejudices and early
j opinions of his life, and placing himself upon the
Constitution, he administered the Government
with an eye single to the interest of the whole
Union. And, sir, in the extract which has just
; been read, he announces his determination, if he
succeeds again to the Presidency, to administer
the Government with an eye single to the interest
of the whole.
I ask if we have not a high assurance, in view
of his past history, and in view of the pledges
which he has given, that the quiet and harmony
of the country will not be disturbed by his elec-
tion. He is not a sectional candidate, nor was
he brought out by a sectional party. No man
has ever charged him with sectionalism. He
stands before the country as a national man, with
principles comprehensive enough to embrace the
whole. He looks both to the North and the
South for efficient support; and if there is any
truth in the signs of the times, he will not look in
vain. He is a candidate on whom all sections
may unite with an assurance that, as President,
he will do justice to all sections. The country
feels and knows this; and hence there have been
no notes, in any quarter, of disunion, civil war,
and revolution, if the election should result in
his success.
It is true, the Republican party prefer their
own candidate, and the Democratic party prefer
theirs ; yet I believe I hazard nothing, wnen I
say all parties would acquiesce in the election of
Mr. Fillmore. I think l can apeak with some
degree of propriety\ at least for my own State,
ana I undertake to say here, upon my responsi-
bility as a Representative, that not only the
American party and the old Whig party in the
State of Tennessee, but the Democratic party,
would cheerfully acquiesce in his election. I be-
lieve the whole country would acquiesce, and
harmony would again be restored. 1 am for him
in preference to any other candidate; and I be-
lieve the exigencies of the times demand his elec-
tion. ■ ■  
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY—ITS NECESSITY AND
ITS MISSION.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN ALLISON,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
Ik the House of RmiiiNriTiTUi
August 6,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. ALLISON said:
Mr. Chairman: In seeking the floor this even-
ing it is my object, with leave of the committee,
to submit some remarks in reply to the very ex-
traordinary assumptions which have been made
by southern gentlemen during the progress of
this discussion, in relation to the objects and pur-
poses of the party to which I have conceived it
to be my duty to attach myself, and with which
it is my purpose to act in the approaching presi-
dential election. One conversant with political
events which have transpired in this country
within the last two years, can scarcely be sup-
posed to be ignorant of the origin of the Repub-
lican, or people's party. And yet, there are gen-
tlemen in these Halls who are persistent in their
refusal to accept of our own exposition of our
principles and of our objects. Whether this is the
result of a willful ignorance, or of a disposition
to misrepresent our principles, I will not under-
take to say.
TRe-gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,]
who has just taken his spat, has taken formal leave
of his old associates—the " South Americans "—
and avowed his purpose to support the nominee
of the Democratic party, Mr. Buchanan, because,
as he informs us, ne thinks Mr. Buchanan stands
upon a better southern platform than the one
upon which Mr. Fillmore stands. The gentle-
matt from Alabama sees in the distant political
horizon portentous clouds, and expresses great
fear for the stability of the Union. In answer lo
the question which I put to him, whether he
would consider the restoration of the Aflfesouri
compromise by the Congress about to be elected
by the people, a sufficient cause for a dissolution
of the Union, he has deliberately and candidly*
informed us that he would consider such action
by Congress a sufficient cause to dissolve this
Government.
This doctrine breaks down the great principle
which underlies our system of Government; that
is, that the will of the majority lawfully and con-
| stitutionally expressed shall control. If the doc-
trine is to obtain, that a minority shall rule, it is
a question to be considered how small a minority
may prescribe terms upon which they will remain
in the Union and control the Government. It un-
settles the whole system, and we are irf the midst
of chaos and confusion. I think that those gen-
tlemen who give utterance to such sentiments
have not fully weighed their import, and do them-
selves great injustice in permitting such senti-
ments to go abroad to the country. Pride of
opinion has often much to do in shaping our
course of action; and hasty expressions have often
driven men to pursue a policy which they have
afterwards deeply regretted.
This declaration, coming, as it does, from a
gentleman of high position, ability, and candor,
cannot but make an impression upon the minds
of the people North and South. The people are
not to be driven from their purpose by a change
of issues, which is so industriously and perse-
veringly attempted to be made by gentlemen in
these Halls, and by stump orators, and by those
who write diatribes to be read at mass-meetings,
and who artfully attempt to call off the attention
of the people from the stupendous wrong com-
mitted by the abrogation of the Missouri compro-
mise, and its legitimate fruits—the crimes and
outrages committed in Kansas—by picturing to
their minds the horrors attendant upon a disso-
lution of the Union. This is the cry to be made
all over the land by those political Jeremiahs,
who prophesy a dissolution of the Union should
the Republicans have a majority, and carry the
election for President. They would have us be-
lieve that they, in imitation of the " weeping
prophet," would have their heads " fountains of
tears, that they might weep day and night" for
fevits impending over our country, and conse-
quent upon the election of Fremont. I tell all
such political hypocrites that they had better
weep over the evils which are now upon us, and
are the fruits of the wicked measures of this Ad-
ministration. I would not have them restrain
their tears, but let them weep over the perfidy of
their own acts.
the republican party a constitutional party
In what I have to say, it will be my object to
show that the Republican party occupies strictly
constitutional ground; that it makes no demands
which are unjust to any .section, or which are
violative of any principle or compact; but merely
asks to have restored to the free States that which
was, by solemn compact, in a division of territo-
ry, dedicated to the purposes of freedom, and to
the culture of free labor—the territory north of
36° 30', known as "Nebraska Territory," em-
bracing the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska.
Do we make an unjustdemand upon the Congress
of the United States, in asking them to give back
to us that which they have wrongfully taken from
us, and which we had the nation's plighted faith
we should hold forever ? If the demand is wrong,
it should not be made; or, if made, it should not
be granted. If, on the other hand, it is right,
as I conceive it to be, the sooner it is granted,
either by the admission of Kansas with her
Topeka constitution, or by the passage of Mr.
Dunn's, or some other bill restoring the Missouri
compromise line, and reorganizing the Territory,
the better for all concerned. We are not partic-
ular how it is done, so that justice be done, and
the demands of humanity ana good faith satisfied.
The marshaling of the hosts of freedom, under
the Republican banner, strikes terror into the
hearts of the pro-slavery leaders throughout the
land, and no terms of opprobrium are spared in
their denunciation of the people of the free States,
