1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
1067
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. The Republican Party: Its necessity and its mission—Mr. Allison.
Ho. op Reps.
who, in the spirit which animated their fathers
at Lexington, Bunker Hill, and Trenton, are now
unitiiur >n a peaceful and constitutional manner
. to assert and defend their rights at the ballot-box.
These " Blaok Republicans," as we are scorn-
fully called, where did they come from? Who
are*they? Who compose this new party? It
was not in existence at the last presidential can-
vass. It had neither " a habitation nor a name"
four short years ago. How comes it that, in this
country, where political parties are ordinarily so
•low of growth, that this new party has so sud-
denly assumed such vast proportions as to over-
throw all other parties, and blanch with fear and
trepidation the hitherto "un terrified Democracy?"
Come, gentlemen of the Democratic party, an-
swer these questions, if you please. Tell me how
it is that in this country, where party alliances
aie so firm, and party ties and prejudices are so
strong, that a great and powerful party should
spring into maturity, as it were, in a day, and
spread consternation in your ranks, and strike
terror to the hearts of your perfidious leaders?
Tell me why it is that you are no longer the great,
boastful, arrogant party that you were when your
triumphant majority of the last Congress entered
these Halls io. December, 1853? Look around
this Half; what has become of that proud majority
who occupied these desks in the last Congress? j
Where stands your President, who was ushered ,
into his exalted position amid the joyous acclaim 1
of millions of happy people, and whose praises
were upon the lips of tens of thousands of sub-
servient admirers? Cast out of a convention
largely composed of his own office-holders, and
•corned by the very men who used him for their
base purposes, there is " none now so low as to
do him reverence," and these Halls are now fa-
miliar to new sounds and new voices. Tell me,
gentlemen, do light or trifling causes, either in
the moral, physical, or political world, produce
great results? Give to the world the results of
your philosophical reflections upon this most in-
teresting subject. Ah! gentlemen, you know,
and your ill-advised and weak President knows,
that these mighty manifestations of popular con-
demnation are the effects of great moving causes.
Nothing but a manifest betrayal of the people's
confidence could have so aroused and nerved them
to the great deeds which they have performed, and
are now performing. Party ties and associations
are not readily sundered by large numbers of aged
and intelligent men, of high position in political
and social circles, without sufficient convincing'
and controlling causes, above and beyond those I
of mere political economy, or of administrative
policy. They must have their causes in the
deep groundswells which move the hearts, and
claim the attention of the people, and drive
them to sever old ties and associations which may
have bound them for years to political organiza-
tion, and to seek new associations, in defense of
vital principles, and of rights dear to, and com-
mon to, all patriotic citizens.
We have a grand spectacle now presented to
the world in the uprising of the people of the free
States, who are snapping their old political bonds
as if they were scorched flax, and we see men
associating together under a new organization,
who have through a long life been political oppo-
nents. They do not stop to inquire what a man
has been; if he is now for justice and humanity, ,
he is a welcome co-laborer in a nation's cause. '
An organization which has for its object the ful-
fillment of the nation's plighted faith, and the per- '
forma nee of its agreements, cannot be sectional.
Some, in the Republican ranks, have been Demo-
crats—associates and advisers of Monroe and
Jackson; others have been Whigs of the Clay
and Webster school—Cabinet ministers of Har-
rison and Taylor. Others again, there are, who,
at an early day, gave earnest heed to the teach-
ings of the " old man eloquent"—John Quincy
Adams, and have been vigilant watchmen upon
the walls of freedom, and who have been giving
forth notes of alarm, from time to time, since Mr.
Adams unmasked the plot which was conceived
by Mr. Calhoun and his southern friends, to pro-
duce a revolution in Texas and annex it to this
country. The uprising of an injured and indig-
nant people, determined to assert and to vindicate
their rights, is the grand spectacle now presented
for the admiration of the world, and is one of the
best evidences of man's capability of self-govern -
merit, and of his ability to " conquer his pre-
judices. " Every one knows how difficult it is to
control our political prejudices, antipathies, and
preferences. But when the citadel of ourlibertiesis
invaded, and Vandal hands commit violence upon
time-honored compacts, we see the good, the wise,
the virtuous of all parties, come together as by
affinity, to combine their strength, and unite their
counsels for their country's good, and in vindi-
cation of its plighted faith, and in defense of the
Constitution.
The Republican or people's party owes its
existence to no punjr efforts of party tricksters,
but has arisen in spite of party leaders, and to
call them to a strict account before the nation's
grand tribunal, to answer for their faithlessness
and their perfidy. Their abuse of the people's
confidence, their violation of their party's and
of their personal individual pledges, has created
a necessity which can only be met by the people,
without regard to former political associations,
uniting their efforts to bring back their Govern-
ment to its true intent and purpose, which was
J* to form a more perfect union, establish justice,
insure domestic tranquillity, provide for tne com-
mon defense, promote the general welfare, and to
secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and
our posterity;" ana not, as is now boldly avowed
by the leaders of the party in power, to extend
slavery over the fertile plains of the West, which
were by our fathers dedicated to the purposes of
freedom. All over the free States the people are
awake to this necessity, and will perform their
dHty, and are not to be deterred by the ravings
of party leaders, or misled by the jesuitical wait-
ings of cold-blooded and heartless politicians,
who hope to divert the attention of the people
who love the Union, by crying that the «' Union
is in danger," and that if the Republicans suc-
ceed it will be dissolved. These men know that
the great heart of the people of the free States
never throbs with an emotion that is not freighted
with prayers for the preservation of the union of
these States.
Who is it that threatens to dissolve the Union?
Pray tell me ! I am aware that such threats have
been made; and I design, before I close, to show
who they are who make them—to what party
they belong. Do the patriotic people of the free
North, who are rallying under the Republican
banner, threaten to dissolve this Union should
they not succeed at the approaching election?
No, no ; they an Ml law-abiding and compact-
keeping people, aad seek their remedies in the
Union, and under the Constitution. They be-
lieve that the principles upon which the Govern-
ment is founded have been violated and that great
and atrocious wrongs have been committed by
this Administration, but they seek for a constitu-
tional remedy. They believe that, great as have
been the departures of the Government from the
original intentions and purposes of its founders,
and monstrous as have been the wrongs com-
mitted, we have a remedy io the ballot-box—a
peaceful remedy—a constitutional remedy to be
applied by the people themselves. We appeal to
that remedy, and will abide by its decision. Now
you professed Democrats, what will you do?
Will you abide by the decision of the ballot-box ?
Will you abide by the arbitrament of the people
—the Sovereigns of this land ? I have the answer
of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,]
which was approved of by those sitting around
him—friends and supporters of Mr. Buchanan.
He will not abide by the arbitrament of the peo-
ple, should it be given against him and in favor
of a restoration of the Missouri compromise line,
by which Kansas would be given back to free-
dom, and peace and goodwill restored to this
distracted and excited country. No, not he.
Many other Democratic members have avowed
similar sentiments upon this floor. Such a de-
cision, in their opinions, would be a sufficient
cause for dissolution of the Union. Those false
pretenders who are endeavoring to alarm the peo-
ple of the North by charging such views and pur-
poses upon the Republican party, are not to
escape in that way. It is an old trick for whale-
men to throw a tub to the whale, which they
have harpooned, that his attention may be
arrested, and they enabled to make their earn fie;
but the people who have been wounded in ih'nr
peace, and whose dearest rights have been v n-
lated, are not to be diverted by this jesuitical ivy
of disunion. This tub to the whale will not serve
their purpose, while the perfidious schemars are
plainly in sight, with their harpoons m their
hands. No, no,gentlemen; there is to be noes-
cape from a just retribution, and there is to be
no dissolution either. The men who will be able
at the ballot-box to vindicate the Constitution,
and restore to freedom its rights, will commit no
wrongs upon any section of the country, and will
invade the rights of none of the States. They
will be abundantly able to defend the Constitu-
tion, and preserve the Union, and they will do it
at all and every hazard.
The monstrous doctrine, that the will of a ma-
jority is, in a certain contingency, to be resisted,
even to the disruption of this Union, is put forth
byprofessed Democrats, not by Republicans.
The Republican party go to the country upon
the issue of restoring to freedom that which be-
longs to it by compact, confident in the ability of
the people to comprehend the questions at issue,
and to decide upon them intelligently. They wish
for no false issues; they raise none. They simply
ask that the Missouri compromise, by which a
vast territory was divided between the two sec-
tions of the country, should be restored, and that
the plighted faith of the South, whose Senators
and members of this House, at that time, forced
it upon the country, be kept and fulfilled. Gen-
tlemen of the South, you have enjoyed for many
years the benefits arising out of that division of
territory. You have had the power given to you,
through the slave representation in Missouri and
Arkansas; through the power of that representa-
tion you have admittea Texas into the Union,
with the privilege of dividing it into four addi-
tional slave States, not to mention other and
freat advantages secured to your section by that
ivision. Is it for you to threaten a dissolution
of this Union if the demand be complied with,
i and that compact shall be kept, and that com-
I promise line restored? Think of these things,
■ gentlemen.
| A great deal has been said about equality .of
j rights between the North and the South. Why
was that not thought of when Texas was
annexed ?—that vast territory, all dedicated to
the interest* of slavery, and which will in time
have a representation in the Senate of ten Sena-
tors. The North, fully understanding the object
i of that acquisition to be its dedication to slavery,
submitted to that great injustice. Through the
power thus gained, you have been enabled to
control the legislation of the country, and the
North has submitted. Equality of rights indeed!
Was there ever such a bald pretense ? Did the
North threaten a dissolution when the South ap-
\ propriated Texas ? Whatever may be the object
of this threat to dissolve the Union, whether to
alarm the people of the free Statesand drive them
to the support of Mr. Buchanan, or whether it
is to divert attention from the wrongs of this Ad-
ministration, and the monstrous outrages com-
mitted in Kansas, I care not. Of one thing I am
certain, the Republicans make no such threats,
and design only to assert and vindicate their
| rights in a constitutional manner; and that they
will do, and abide the result, and are not to be
| cajoled or frightened.
SECTIONALISM.
Another device of the Democracy is that of
1 charging the Republicans with being sectional,
: and with having made aggressions upon the
South  and claiming for their party a broad na-
tionality. How is this ? Let us go back to the
I inaugural address of President Pierce. He con-
; gratulates the country upon the quiet and peace
i which had been restored by the compromises of
I 1850, and pledges himself to the country that'
: through no act of his should the peace of the
country be disturbed, nor should the exciting
question of slavery be reopened. The Baltimore
platform had pledged his party to the compromise
measures as a finality, and agitation was to be'
discountenanced wherever, or whenever, or by
whomsoever attempted, in or out of the Halls of
Congress. This was a solemn party pledge, and.
