1886.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
107i
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. or Reps.
tee sent out tor Kansas has not changed the mer-
its of the case an iota. There is no fact, no cir-
cumstance, collected in the mass of testimony
that 1 now have before me, which changes the
merits of the question in the smallest particular.
How stood the case before the committee was
instituted ? The sitting Delegate presented him-
self, with the certificate, under the seal of the
Governor of the Territory, as duly elected under
the territorial law, passed in conformity with
the law of Congress. By.virtue of the certificate
he was sworn in, and took his seat. What was ■
the objection filed to his holding his seat as such ?
An allegation on the part of the contestant, not
that he aid not have a majority of the legal voters
at the election, but that the law pasted in the Ter-
ritory, under which the sitting Delegate was
elected, was invalid, agd the election under it
therefore void, because of the illegality of the or-
ganization of the Territorial Legislature that en-
acted it. This statement covers the whole merits
of the case, as it stood when the committee was
raised. 1 said then, and I say now, that the sub-
ject of the legality or illegality of the organization
of the Territorial Legislature of Kansas is a ques-
tion over which this House has no jurisdiction.
The proper return and election of the members of
that Legislature were questions to be settled and
determined by the Governor and the Houses of
the Legislature respectively, themselves. This
was my position then, and it is the same now. I
shall not, at this time, repeat the argument then
submitted; but I throw down the gauntlet, and
defy any gentleman to answer or controvert it.
No man can get over it or ardund it, but by over-
riding principles as old as Magna Charta, and
which lie at the foundation of all American repre-
sentative institutions. The right of every legisla-
tive body to settle and determine absolutelythe elec-
tion of its own members, is a necessary incident
of its own organic functions. In England, the
House of Lords cannot question any decision of
the Commons touching the election of its mem-
bers; neither can the Commons question a likq
decision on the part of the Lords touching the
qualifications of a peer; neither can the King, by
his prerogative, interfere with the decision of
either House on such subjects. These principles
are laid down as the " lex parliamentari.'' by Sir
Edward Coke, sustained by Blackstone, Mr.
Justice Story, Kent, Rawle, and all writers upon
the subject. They are incorporated in express
terms in the Constitution of the United States,
so far as the rights of both Houses of Congress
ore concerned, and in the constitutions of all our
State governments, defining the powers of their
legislative bodies.
The same principle is recognized and affirmed
by the Supreme Court of the United States in the
case of Borden and others, growing out of the
Dorr rebellion in Rhode Island in 1842. It lies
at the foundation of all legitimate political power
as recognized in this country. Without it there
can be no certainty in legislation; and without its
maintenance, nothing but disorder, confusion,
and the wildest anarchy may be expected to en-
sue. We cannot have a representative Govern-
ment administered on any other principle. If you
can inquire into the legality of the election of the
members of the Legislature of the Territory of
Kansas, in the question now before us, you can
do the same thing with regard to the States. If
you cam judge of the returns and qualifications
of members of that Legislative Assembly, you
can also upon the same principle inquire into and
judge of the legality of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of members of the several State
Legislatures that passed the laws under which
all the members of this House were elected. The
Senate may do the same in their body. Where
is the difference? And where is this matter to
end ? In judging the qualifications and elections
of the members of this House, we sit as a court;
and in passing judgment upon the validity of such
laws as come before us in our investigations, we
are to be governed by the same rules and princi-
ples as those of all other courts in like cases. If
the law of Kansas under which the sitting Dele-
gate was elected, has anything in it inconsistent
with the Constitution of the United States, or
the organic act of the Territory, you have a right
to that extent to pronounce it invalid and void, as
any other court would have; but questions relat-
ing to the organization of the law-making power,
courts will never inquire into, and we cannot
properly do it either. No case can be found
where it has ever been done, either in this coun-
try or England.
The Legislature of Kansas was elected in pur-
suance of a proclamation of the Governor of the
Territory, under the organic act passed by Con-
gress. It was made the duty of the Governor to
supervise that election, prescribe the mode and
manner of holding it, and to declare who was
properly and legally elected. You passed another
bill day before yesterday, for the reorganization
of that Territory, and directing another election
to be held in the same way. In that bill the same
identical words are used—" that the Governor
shall declare who are legally elected to the Legis-
lature." Suppose that bill should become a law,
and the Governor appointed under it should order
a new election, and after the returns made should
declare a majority to be duly elected, just as in
the case of tne Legislature whose laws are now
brought in review, would this House again un-
tertake to set aside that judgment, if it should so
turn out that the new Legislature under the new
act should pass any laws that the majority of this
House mignt not like? Where is to be the end
of this business?
Now, sir, I maintain that, if the bill which has
just passed this House, shall become a law, and
the Governor to be appointed under it shall order
an election for another Legislature, and in pur-
suance of his directions an election shall be neld
for members of a House of Representatives and
a Council as provided, and the Governor, upon
canvassing the returns, shall declare, as it will
be his duty to do, who may be duly and legally
elected, and shall give certificates accordingly,
and the two houses of the Legislature, thus con-
i stituted, shall, after being duly sworn, enter upon
I their legislative duties under a law thus passed
| by Congress, and shall hear and determine, each
House for itself, all matters pertaining to the elec-
tion of its members, outside of the prima facie cer-
tificate of the Governor; all such matters and
questions so pertaining to the election of the mem-
bers, and the legality of the organization of the Le-
gislature so constituted, will De forever closed by
that determination. This House would have no
right or power to reopen the question.
And just so in the case before us, Congress
passed a law organizing a territorial government.
The Governor appointed was authorized to order
an election for members'of a Legislature at such
time, and such places, and in such manner as
he thought proper. The returns of the elec-
tion were to De made to him, and he had power
to declare who was duly elected. The House of i
Representatives was to consist of twenty-six '
members, and the Council of thirteen. The Gov-
ernor ordered an election on the 30th of March, ]
1855. He divided the Territory into ten council j
districts, fourteen representative districts, and [
eighteen election districts, or voting precincts. ;
He appointed the judges of election at each poll, :
and directed how their places thould be filled in
case those appointed should fail or refuse to act. 1
The judges were all to be sworn. The rules and
regulations for conducting the election were ex-
ceedingly rigid. The election was so held. The
returns were made to him as required; and out
of the twenty-six members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, he declared seventeen were duly
elected, and awarded certificates accordingly. Of
thirteen Councilmen, he declared nine were duly
elected, and awarded them certificates accord-
ingly. The election of four councilmen and nine
representatives to the House he set aside. In
these cases he ordered new elections. This took
place on the 22d of May, and he awarded certifi-
i cates to those whom he declared to be duly elected
! at that election. The members of the House and
1 Council, thus declared to be duly elected by him,
were convened by him on the 2d day or July,
! 1855. Every member, of both the Council and
House of Representatives, in that Legislature
so convened, took his seat by virtue of the Gov-
ernor's certificate. These are admitted facts.
1 Nothing brought to light by the investigating com-
mittee assails or impeache* any one of them in
the slightest degree Each House, after being
thus constituted, inquired into, heard, and de-
termined all questions of contested seats in their
respective bodies, as all other legislative assem-
blies do. The right to do this was inherent in
them. Oh this point Judge Story says, in his
Treatise on the Constitution of the United States,
volume 2, page 295:
" The only possible question on such a subject   as to
the body in which such a power shall be lodged. If lodged
in any other than the legislative body itself, its independence,
its purity, and even its existence and action, may be de-
stroyed or put into imminent danger. No other body but
itself can have the same motives to perpetuate and preserve
these attributes; no other body can be so perpetually watch-
ful to guard its own rights and privileges from infringement,
to purify and vindicate its own character, and to preserve
the rights and sustain the free choice of its constituents.
Accordingly, the power Kai alweyn been lodged in the legisla-
tive body by the wu/ernt practice of England and America."
Such, too, is the doctrine of Coke, of Black-
stone, of Kent, and all writers upon the subject, as
I showed before. Each House, therefore, of the
Kansas Legislature was the proper tribunal to
settle all questions pertaining to the election of
its own members; and their decision, when made,
was just as final in law as that of ours upon a
similar question here.. There was, however, no
contest over the election of but seven members of
the House, and two of the Council. Two mem-
bers of the Council, and two of the House, whose
election was set aside at the first election, were
declared duly elected at the second election.
Every one of the thirteen members of the Coun-
cil, therefore, except two, held his seat without
any contest whatever; and nineteen of the twenty-
six members of the House of Representatives
held their seats without any contest. And after
the Houses were thus organized in pursuance of
law, and compliance with every legal form, they
were recognized as a legally-constituted, law-
making body by the Governor. He addressed
them official communications as such.
In his first message, in pointing out to them
their duties, amongst other things the Governor
named the duty of parsing some such law as that
under which the sitting Delegate was elected. He
vetoed some of their acts; but not upon any
grounds touching the legality of their election or
organization. All questions, therefore, of that
character, I maintain, upon the soundest principles
of constitutional law, are now closed. It is too late
to open them; and not one of these great, leading
and controlling facts, in this case, is even assailed
by any testimony taken by the investigating com-
mittee. They are all confirmed and established
by that testimony; and if the sitting Delegate shail
be voted out upon grounds assumed in the report of
the majority of the Committee of Elections, it will
establish not only a novel, but a most mischievous
precedent. It will be taking one long step towards
that revolution which a party in this country
seems to be aiming at. This House will but be
doing what it is said the people of Missouri did in
Kansas. It is said they earned the election there
by illegal voting; and what else will you be doing
here? Where do youget the power or authority
to say that Governor Reeder did not act right in
giving certificates of election to the members of the
Legislature whom he adjudged to be duly elected ?
Where do you get the power, under the Consti-
tution, or under the organic law, or under any
other law, to vacate his judgment in this case ?
The right to judge in the first instance was ex-
pressly given to him. The right to judge finally
and absolutely necessarily devolved upon the
houses of the Legislature respectively. Congress
reserved no supervisory power over the subject.
Where, then, do you derive your power of annul-
ling a judgment of another department of Gov-
ernment liaving -exclusive ana absolute power
and jurisdiction over the subject-matter ?
If it were true that the greatest frauds had been
practiced in the election in Kansas—if any amount
of illegal voting had been resorted to, and the
people waived their right to inquire into it at the
proper lime and before the proper tribunal—if they
made no complaint to the Governor when they owg/it
to have done it—if they made no protest within the
time prescribed—if defeated candidates/at/rd to con-
test the returns of their competitors until after the
term of office of the members of the Legislature
