1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1073
34th Cong.... 1 st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. or Reps.
t V srttk-r migrated, and I find that of those who :|
w*re r L-ist-.-rxl as l^gal voters of the Territory !
in iYUni.iry, a month before the election, 1,670
were from (he southern States, and only 1,018
from the entirv North! There were 217 from
«ther countries. That mnkt s the "J,905 resident
litd teitrt in the Territory, a month before the
f.rt-iion. I haTe compiled a table setting forth the
nui*t*r sottlera from the North, ami settler*
from the South, as riven in the census report,for
rtch district in the Territory. Here it is:
Settlm from Settlersfrom
tki Sortk. ike Soutk.
T,r-l iwtrirt 
(IIMIKH     6■ 13^
Trnitl   49 37
I'.iuFth ili -tr *l 84 23
Wlta dxtfH-l lit S9.">
SuUi detract  S3 IAi
Ui^trK-t  33 21
Jjjbiii t  1- 2l>
"knt>i di-1 let  27 10
T.-iuh d«-trwt   29 27
EKfrMk <MIVI  - S8
1 ttrl.ib dulncl  50 49
Vurt 'nth tl'-tnct 21 53
djstnet 4-i 5^6
t'^KMh itaUKt 37 206
EM limits ilbUirt l'-J5 193
£*ve se* tii district  10 40
l~5i5 1,670
In the first election district, there were 280 legal
voters, emigrants from the northern States, and
86 from the southern. That is the Lawrence dis-
trict. In the second district, there were 67 from
the North, and 132 from the South. In the third
district, there were 49 from the North, and 37
from the South. In the fourth district, there were
21 from the North, and 23 from the South. In
tae fifth district, there were 129 from the North,
ami *J95 from the South. In the sixjh, there were
£3 from the North, and 155 from the South.
.Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend read again
the numbers from the fifth district?
Mr. STEPHENS. In the fifth district, there
were 129 from the North, and 295 from the South.
The fifth district had an overwhelming majority
of residents from the South, and that is the only
district, I believe, in which the committee have
taken the testimony of witnesses to prove that
the Abolitionists were in a majority on the day
of election.
Now, sir, from these facts — fact* of record,
and indisputable, I deduce an argument which,
to my mind, is much more incontrovertible and
irresistible than any inference the majority of the
committee may draw from the vague sayings of
witnesses, about a multitude of strangers being |
at the polls in wagons, Ac. This inference,
which I draw from these facts, is, that there was
a decided majority of anti-Free-Soilers in the
Territory, and in a large majority of the districts,
in the month of February, if there had been no
immigration after that time. But the evidence
is abundant and conclusive that there was a large
immigration of legal voters from the South after
the census was taken, and before the election,
much larger than at any other time. (A. B.
Wade, page 159, and others.) One witness,
Mr. Banks, on page 164, swears, that " betwixt
two and three hundred settlers moved into the
district (the first; in which be lived, which was
after the census was taken, and before the elec-
tion." His testimony related to onlv part of the
district, where be was acquainted. Another
witness swears that, to the best of his knowledge
■nd belief, there were four hundred actual resi-
dents and legal voters of the pro-slavery party
in this first district on the day of election, (page
1159.) The testimony shows that, in most of
the districts, there was a large immigration of
actual residents, legal voters from the South,
after the census watf taken, and before the day
of election. It shows, further, that the immigra-
tion during that time was much larger from the
South than the North. But the facts disclosed
by the census show that there was a majority of
six hundred and fifty-two of legal voters from
the South over those from the North, in Febru-
ary. Now, sir, with these facts before us, I call
the spccial attention of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr.Sherman] to the following statement in his
report, on page 34:
New Series—No. 68.
" If the election had been confined to the actual settlers, |
undeterred by Uie presence ot' mm-residents, or tlie knowl- i
edge that they would be present in numbers surticK'iit to <
outvote them, tile testimony indicates that the council i
would have been composed of seven in fuvor of making !
Kansas a free Stale, elected from the first, second, third, j
fourth, and sixth council districts. The result in the eighth
and tenth, electing three members, would have been doubt- '
ful; mid the tilth, seventh, ami ninth, would have elected
three pro slavery members.
" I'uder like circumstances the House of Representatives
would have been composed ot' fourteen memners in favor
of making Kansas a free State, elected from the second,
third, fourth, tilth, seventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth repm- ,
Mutative districts. '
" The result in the twelfth and fourteenth representative 1
districts, electing live members, would have mi lioubnul:
and the first, sixth, eleveuili, and fifteenth districts would ,
have elected seven pro slavery members.
" By the election as conducted, the pro-slavery enndi
dates in every district hut tlie eignth representative uistrict
received a majority of tlie votes.''
In this statement the committee say that the
testimony indicates that, if the election had been
confined to the actual settlers, the council would
have been composed of seven in favor of making
Kansas a free State, elected from the first, second,
third, fourth, and sixth council districts.
Now, sir, I join issue with the gentleman and
the committee on this point. The census, which
tlie committee seem not to have consulted, is the ,
best testimony on it. Let us then see what indi-
cations it affords. The first council district con- I
sis ted of tliefirst, fourth, and seventeenth election '
districts. In these, according to the census, the
legal voters, emigrants from the North, accord-
ing to the census, was 314, from the South 151;
making the number of legal resident voters in !
that council district 465, in February, without |
taking any count of immigration afterwards; but
the evidence shows that many of the residents !
coming from the North, and even some of the
acknowledged free-State men, voted for those
called pro-slavery candidates, because they did
not like the candidates put up by their party.
They were too ultra in their abolitionism, (page
160.) The testimony shows, also, that the whole
number of votes cast for the Free-Soil candidates
in that council district, was but 254, (page 31.)
This would give 43 majority for them, if the 254
cast for them were all legal voles. But the testi-
mony of Air. Ladd, Governor Reeder's own wit-
ness, who was a candidate on that ticket for
councilman, establishes the fact that at least fifly
of these votes were illegal, cast by emigrants from
New England, just arrived—some of them forty- j
eight hours before the election. This will be seen t
on page 118 of this huge volume. His language
is as follows:
" I know nue ot those who bad recen fly arrived voted; 1
I can only approximate tbei r numbers— I should think there
were from fi'tv to sixty. I think there were some who ar-
rived within fi>rty-ei! ht hour"; I cannot say as to whether
they made settlements in the Territory at that time."
If, then, these fifty or sixty acknowledged ille-
gal votes be deducted from those cast for the Abo-
lition ticket, it would leave a majority for the
candidates on the other side, of the actual res-
idents in February, even in Lawrence, the great
rendezvous of New England emigrants, and with-
out any reference to the emigration from the South
after the census was taken. There is no evidence,
by any witness sworn, that any man, even in
Lawrence, was prevented from voting by force,
violence, or intimidation. Some witnesses swear
that they did not vote because of the crowd; but
not one swears that he could not have voted if
he had wanted to, in consequence of any violence,
force, or threat; and there was no crowd about
the polls in the afterpart of the day. Therefore,
in this first district, the testimony in connection
with the census does not indicate that, if the
election had been left to the actual residents alone,
the Free-Soil ticket would have been clected.
This, however, was one of the elections set aside
by the Governor, and another was held there on
the 22d of May.
But, sir, how is it in the other council districts
mentioned by the committee ? I have a paper
before me which I have compiled, exhibiting the
organization of all of the council districts, with
the number of settlers in each from the North
and South, according to -the census as far as can
be ascertained. The seventh, eighth, ninth, and
tenth council districts were formed by dividing
! the districts in which the census was taken, in
such a way that the exact number of settlers
from each section cannot be accurately arrived at
in them; but it is apparent, from the census re-
turns, that they could not have been divided so as
not to have had a large majority of settlers from
the South in each. Here is the exhibit:
COUNCIL DISTRICTS.
Number qf
Council Di8tnct<
I U
Election I
Districts. I
E ■
it
t. a
5'-"
— V
n
s
r* w
S e
s a
o
y
1st, composed
3d
rid
4th
5th
< 11
i of I < 4
U"
1st
4th
th
280
24
10
23
40
314
151
2d
67
132
I 6
3d
Ui
Bill
49 (
32 I 21
12 26
03
84
5th
6th
6th
f 9th
„ iJ 10th
i 11th
112th
7th
8th
90l
3"®
is
c.
§ —• •" i
129 1 295
83 155
27
29
50
' 10
27
28
49
106
114
-
Large majority
from the
South.
10th
I have already shown what the testimony indi-
cates in the first council district. Then how is it
in the second ? The census shows that there were
67 resident legal votes in it from the North, and
132 from the South. The evidence of witnesses
shows that this majority from the South was
largely increased by actual residents before the
election, (page 1157.) In the third council district
the census showed a majority of 9 only from the
North. The evidence of witnesses shows that
this majority was overcome before the election
by actual settlers from the South. The fourth
shows only 129 from the North, against 295
from the South. The sixth district shows a ma-
jority of 8 from the South. In the districts men-
tioned by the committee, the census returns, by
themselves, clearly indicate that but two of them
had a majority of settlers from the North, while
no witness states any fact to the contrary; but
many confirm this indication. The eighth and
tenth districts, they say, would have been doubt-
ful, while the census shows a large majority ot
the settlers in those districts w$re emigrant* trom
the South.   .
In reply to what is said in the extract read from
the repon touching the character of the House
I have also made an exhibit from which ' will be
seen upon what sort of foundation that statement
rests.
