1076
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 2,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Wade.
Ho. of Reps.
principles to enact laws at the petition of one people
which are to operate upon another people against
theiv consent;" uiiti for the same reason I say to
you, who hove assumed the title of Republicans)
you violate every principle consecrated by the
name you bear, by attempting to force institu-
tions upon the people of Kansas against their
consent. If a majority there see lit to assign the
neaTo the same condition he occupies in the
southern States, let them do it. If a majority of
them shall prefer that he shall be an outcast
amongst them, without the franchise of a free-
man, or the protection of a master, as he is in
many States of the Union—a vagabond, in a
worse condition than that of Cain—for he had a
mark on him that no man should hurt him—let
them so determine. This is our position.
Mr. STANTON. Does the gentleman hold
that the Territorial Legislatures have power to
exclude slavery?
Mr. STEPHENS. I say that, if Congress has
the power, so has the Territorial Legislature. The
gentleman, I believe, holds that Congress has the
power, I do not; and consequently 1 do not hold
that the Territorial Legislatures can rightfully
exclude slavery. I hold that the public domain
being public property, purchased by the common
blood and common treasure of all, should be left
free and open for settlement and colonization
equally by the citizens of all the States atike until
they come to form their State constitution; but I
repeat what I have said before, that if a majority
of the people of the Territory, upon a fair expres-
sion of the popular will in due form of law, shall
decide against slavery, I am wiliing to abide by
that determination. Now is the gentleman willing
to do this? He is silent. By his votes he has
said that he is unwilling to do it. That is the
difference between us.
Now, I say, again, that southern statesmen
have never asked Congress to impose their insti-
tutions upon an unwilling people. They have
always believed in the ability and capacity of the
men of their own race to govern themselves
■wisely, and for the best interests of themselves
and their posterity, in each State and community
for itself. The party to which I have alluded is
arrayed against this principle. It is nothing but
a shoot, a sprout, a rattoon from the buried roots
of the old Rufus-King, Hartford-convention
party, which was always against this principle
of self-government—of popular sovereignty—
upon which all our American institutions rest.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman from Geor-
gia says' that the South has always held to the
capability of man for self-government. I would
inquire whether it is a part of that self-govern-
ment to flog their slaves ?
Mr. STEPHENS. It is a part of all kinds of
government to punish offenders, whether white
or black, bond or free. This may be done, ac-
cording to the grade of the offense, either by flog-
ging, imprisoning, branding, or hanging, as the
law-making power may determine. The princi-
ple of self-government'which 1 advocate applies
to men of our own race—free white men. I do
not believe that the African race is capable of self-
government, either in the South or North. They
never have been from the earliest days of history.
In the gentleman's own State they are not ac-
knowledged to be within the principle. ^TK'ey
are not acknowledged as equals either socially or-
politically. They take no part in the govern-
ment under which they live. Whether they are
flogged there I do not know, but great numbers
of them are in jails, according to the census. The
constitutions of most of what are called "free
States in this Union show that they are not even
a1? C^n,S,lfer,<;^caPat>le °f self-government.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does the gentleman believe
that the Africans who captured American Chris-
tians, and made slaves of them, were capable ot
self-government?
F™ They were of a different
race. I allude to the black, woolly-headed ne-
groes. [Laughter.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman knows there
are descendants of Jefferson and others here
whose blood is tinctured with that, of the Afri-
can. Now, how math African blood must they
have to be incapable of self-government ?
Mr. STEPHENS. One eighth part or degree
by our law. [Renewed laughter.] Has the gen-
tleman any further question? Now, sir, notwith-
standing we at the South hold this incapacity in
the negro of self-government, and notwithstand-
ing we deny him social and political equality, I
maintain tliat he is better off there, better pro-
vided for, better taken care of, and is more-pros-
perous and happy in his condition amongst us,
than he is in any other part of the world—not
excepting the gentleman's own State. This the
last census showed. The negroes with us, sir,
even under the restraints of power over them,
enjoy not only more comforts of life, but more
rational liberty than they do anywhere else.
They enjoy quite as much as they are fit for.
All rational liberty is founded on restraints.
"Bonds make free." To constitutional and
legal bonds we are all indebted for whatever lib-
erty any of us enjoy. Liberty without bonds of
some sort is nothing but licentiousness. And
those bonds in which the negro is placed with us
are only such as are necessary for the largest lib-
erty he is .capable of enjoying. Dependence and
subordination is his natural and normal condi-
tion; but socially, the position of this people is
better at the South than it is at the North, so far
as my observation has extended. At the North
they are excluded, and shunned as a leprous caste.
At the South they look to tlieir masters as guar-
dians for protection, and they are treated with
that respect and kindness due to their condition.
But, sir, I must return from ihis digression.
I have shown you the utter groundlessness of
the assumed facts upon which the first resolution
before us, proposing to vote the sitting Delegate
out of his seat, is founded. I have also shown
that the real and true reason of this unheard-of
proceeding is not the one assigned, but that it is
to be found in the purposes of that great sectional,
abolition party, which is now seeking to govern
as they please, not only the common Territo-
ries, but the whole fifteen southern States of this
Union.
It is now for me briefly—for I have but a few
moments of time left—to allude to the second
resolution before us, which is even more mon-
strous than the first. This proposes to assign a
seat on this floor to Andrew H. Reeder, as a Del-
egate from Kansas, not by virtue of his being
entitled to it, but because it is supposed there is
a majority heVe willing to do it. It is not pre-
tended that he has the shadow of a claim of legal
right to it. The majority of the Committee of
Elections who have reported this resolution, do
not venture to say that he is entitled to a seat.
The resolution is an anomaly of its character. It
simply says:
Resolved, That Andrew H. Reeder be admitted to a seat
on this floor as a Delegate from the Territory of Kansas.
He presents no certificate of election, or creden-
tials from any quarter, except the report of the
Kansas committee. This committee, on page
67, say, "That Andrew H. Reeder received a
greater number of votes of resident citizens than
John W. Whitfield for Delegate." This is his
whole case, and this statement by them is unsus-
tained by proof. The majority of the Committee
of Elections have adopted it; and I now call
upon the chairman, [Mr. Wa,shbdrn, of Maine,]
who will conclude this argument, to show the
evidence upon which ifr is founded. I make the
demand of him in the presence of the House and
the country. He cannot respond to it; for this
is one of tne bold assertions of this investigating
committee, which there is no testimony to war-
rant. Reeder was not a candidate at the election '
when Whitfield was elected. He was not a can- <
didate at any election held in pursuance of any '
legal authority. He was voted for, it is said, on i
the day that delegates were elected to a conven-
tion under the Topeka movement; and on page
58 of the report, there appears what is styled an
abstract of the number of votes received by him;
but this is nothing but a statement by the com-
mittee. There is not a particlc of evidence to !
show where it came from, or what credit is 1
to be given to it; and I call upon the gentle- j
man from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to show the
facts upon which this statement—this abstract'
is based. There is not a particle of evidence in
this whole volume to sustain it. The only evi-
dence showing the number of votes that Reeder
got is to be found on pages 670, 682, and 683.
On page 670 it appears that he received at the
third and seventh precincts of the third district,
24 votes. On page 682, it appears that he received
at the house of Richard J. Farqua, in the sixth
! district, 12 votes; and on page 683, it appears that
he received at Columbia precinct, in the same
i district, 20 votes—making 56 in all, and all told!
If there is any evidence, or any proof that he
received another vote in the Territory, I call upon
the gentleman to point it out. If there be any
such, it has escaped me; while it appears from a
copy of the official records, to be found on pages
45 and 46, that Whitfield received upwards of
2,700 votes. How, then, could the Kansas com-
mittee say that Reeder received a larger number
of the votes of resident citizens than Whitfield
did? And yet this is one of the incontrovertible
facts which the Committee of Elections say have
been established by the proof.
Mr. Speaker, I can say no more upon the sub-
ject. If Whitfield is to be ousted because he was
not elected in pursuance of any valid law, upon
what principle can Reeder be put in by this
House, when in his case there was neither law
nor votes. There is butone principle upon which
it can be done, and that is, " Sic volo, sic jvheo"—
I so will it, and I so order it. It is the prin-
ciple of all tyrannies, and the beginning of all
usurpations; but I will not permit myself to
believe that this House will commit such an
outrage. I will not believe it until I see the
perpetration of the deed.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. EDWARD WADE,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
Jiugust 2,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on tha
state of the Union— -
Mr. WADE said: I propose to saya few things
on the old theme of which we have all heard so
much—the subject of slavery and the threatened
dissolution of the Union. These two seem to
constitute a sort of duality—a "two in one "sub-
ject, as inseparable as the Siamese twins.
A part of what I have to say will be with the
intention of calling the minds of gentlemen to the
purer and better days of the Republic—to contrast
| those days with the present, and try if we can
' search out the old landmarks of constitutional lib-
| erty, and from these to determine how far we may
, have wandered into the domains of despotism.
! At this day, and under the perils to which liberty
and the Union are exposed, I believe this to be
the most acceptable service which a patriot can
render to his country.
I desire, sir, if it be possible, to reproduce be-
fore the people of this day the living realities of
those purer and better days, when the Union and
the Constitution had their birth. For, sir, it is
in the spirit in which the Union and Constitution
were organized that they can be preserved, if pre-
served at all. If the ethical principles in which
the Union and Constitution were brought into
' being were the principles of despotism, of human
bondage—if the spirit which presided at their
| birth was the cold and sunless spirit of a crush-
' ing despotism, then in the perpetuity of that fell
ji spirit will rest their only peace and permanency.
, But if, on the other hand, the Union and Con-
stitution were produced from the gentle, genial
spirit of liberty, and the changeless natural equal-
ity of human rights, then in the same spirit must
they be administered to be perpetuated. No self-
evident axiom, no demonstration in mathematics,
is more convincing than this. Gentleman may
tell us—they do tell us—that, in order to preserve
the Union, we must throw the rein over the neck
of despotism—must yield to the necessities or
to the caprices of slavery. Sir, to do this is a dis-
solution of the Union. Its life expires the moment
we yield to this senseless clamor._ Sir, in order
to preserve the Union, necessity is laid upon us
to go back to the birth of the Union prior to and
under the Constitution—to catch and hold the
spirit which animated those great and good men,
