1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1077
34th Cono....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Wade.
Ho. of Reps.
and apply now, and for all time, to the tulmin- 1
istration of the Government. In no other way,
sir, is it possible to preserve this Government.
It will bear no other treatment more than man's
natural constitution can bear strychnine or arse-
nic.
Sir, if the Constitution and Union are to be
used merely as instruments for propagating and
making perpetual human bondage, they cannot
be preserved—neither is it desirable that they :
should. They were designed by their l'ramers
to be instruments of perpetual good; and to change
them from this their original design into instru-
ments of ceaseless evil, is in itself to destroy them;
and their obligation ceases when their nature is
changed by usurpation or corruption.
I do not say these things by way of menace,
but as simple fundamental truths as necessarily
tree in the science of government as are axioms
in mathematics. But, sir, the preservation of this
Union and Constitution does not lie in force, but
in the preparation of the hearts of the people.
There is no better preparation for these than a
recall of that sentiment of veneration and affec-
tion for our fathers which in individuals is the
highest possible development of a great character.
Patriotism itself, that first duty of the citizen, may
be said to consist in the sum of our individual
affections and veneration for our fathers. That
sum of individual sentiments constitutes the
national sentiment of patriotism. To that spirit
I appeal for the adjustment of all our internal '
troubles, both political and sectional. In that
spirit I shall endeavor to retrace our steps to the
period when our Constitution and Union were
Drought into existence, and to persuade my fel-
low members to accompany me in the same
spirit to a short communing with the mighty
dead. In that spirit alone can we calm the agi-
tated waters-of political strife, either in this Hall
or among our constituents.
To this end, 1 shall exhibit the fruits of their
toil and their patriotism as precious relics, worthy
of our ceaseless veneration and our ardent and
devoted imitation. These relics constitute the
pure fountain of freedom, from which our consti-
tutional liberty flows, and will continue to flow
through all time, unless fouled by the tread of
the slaveholder and his free-State confederate.
The first general Congress which ever assem-
bled in the colonies of British America convened
in Philadelphia in 1774. One of its earliest and
most earnest efforts was to put an end to the j
African slave tratje. This was attempted openly i
and boldly as a necessary preliminary to the
abolition of slavery itself. Sir, those glorious
old men, so deeply imbued with the spirit of the
Bible, had, at that time, discovered no divinity—
no Bible sanction to the wicked institution.
But hark ! Let us listen to the solemn and
truthful voice of thnt first old jContinental Con-
gress. Blessed old fathers of our institutions—
gone to their graves, full of years, and full of
honors!—but still they speak to all of us who
have ears to hear, or hearts to understand—men
whose fame will only grow brighter with the lapse .
of ages; and whom it were an everlasting joy to
call our fathers, were it not that their integ-
rity to human liberty has become the bitterest
reproach upon our apostacy from, and treachery
to, the holiest interests of our country and the
human race. But listen again to the voice of the
fathers, oh, ye sham Democrats! Hearken also,
ye Republicans! for their instructions are to all
such as revere their memory, and follow in their
footsteps. i
The first general Congress assembled in Phil-
adelphia in September, 1774, resolved that
" The abolition of domestic slavery is the greatest object
Of desire in these colonies, whore it was unhappily intro-
duced hi tlieir infant state. But previous to the enfran-
chisement of the slaves, it is necessary to exclude further
importations front Africa. Vet our repeated attempts to
effect this by prohibitions, and by imposing duties which
might amount to prohibition, have been heretofore defeated
by his Mnjestv's negative ; thus preferring the immediate
mdvantaie of a few African corsairs, to the lasting interests
of Uie American States, and the righto of human nature,
deeply wounded by the infamous practice."—American Jlr-
ekuet, 4th Series, vol. I, p. 696.
So " his Majesty "—thick-skulled, but mulish
old King George III., was perversely bent on
forcing slavery upon the colonies, against their
most earnest remonstrances—egainst reason, com-
mon sense, and common humanity—and just so
now, our modern beef-headed, dough-fuccd, and i!
sham Democratic party, following in the perverse
footsteps of its illustrious prototypes, old King ij
George and Lord North, is doinsr the same infu- ■'
mous and ruinous work for the ill-fated and op-
pressed people of Kansas. In the eyes of King
George, the interests of a score or two of slave- ;
trading pirates was sufficient to bear down and !
break down the interests, and to " crush out," if
possible, the principles of three millions of his
subjects; and so now, in the eyes of the sham
Democrary, the pretended, but not actual right of
a mere handful of slaveholders, to saddle their atro- '
cious and ruinous institution of slavery upon the
free people and free territory of Kansas, against
the most earnest remonstrances of that people,
in breach of a solemn and time-honored compact,
and at the hazard of civil war, and the overtlij-ow
of the Union, completes the parallel; and I leave
it to the historian to say which should bear the
palm—whether old King George, or modern De-
mocracy, in this rivalship in wickedness and
stupidity.
Again, sir, I revert with gratitude and pride to
those venerated men who, in view of perils which
would have daunted the boldest, not armed in a
panoply of righteousness and truth, and quote, to
the confusion of the combined, but recreant De-
mocracy and slaveocracy, the bold, and yet holy
resolves of the fathers whose memory they dis- ;
' honor. 1 quote from the Articles of Association,
formed by that first Congress of 1774: J
" We do, for ourselves and the inhabitants of the several j |
colonies, whom we represent, firmly agree and associate |
under the sacred ties of virtue, honor, and love of our j
country, as lollows ; ■*«***
" 2. That we will neither import nor purchase any slave i
imported after the first day of November next, after which
time we will wholly discontinue the slave trade, and will
neither be concerned in it ourselves, nor will we hire our
vessels, nor sell our commodities or manufactures to those
I who are concerned in it." * * * * * j
"3. That a committee be chosen in every county, city, ,
and town, bythose who are qualified to vote for Represent- !
atives in the Legislature, whose business it shall be atten- '
Uvely to observe the conduct of all persons touching this
association; and when it sliall be made to appear, to the
satisfaction of a majority of any such committee, that any
person within the limits of their appointment has violated
this association, that such majority do forthwith cause the
truth of tbe case to be published in the Gazette, to the end
ii* t all such foes to the ruins of British America may be
publicly known, and univer.-ally contemned, as the enemies i
of American liberty, and thenceforth we, ropectifely, will i
break off all dealings with him or her." * * * I
I " 14. And we do further agree, and resolve, that we will |
have no trade, commerce, dealings, or intercourse what- ,
ever—with any colony, or province, in North America which i
shall not accede to, or which shall hereafter violate, this
association; but will hold them as unworthy of the rights i
of freemen, and as inimical to the liberties of this country."
* * * * * * * i
" The foregoing association, being determined upon by
the Congress, was ordered to be subscribed by tiie several
members thereof; and thereupon wc have hereunto set our
respective names accordingly.
" In Com>kes8, Puiladei.fhia, October 20, 1774.
" PEYTON RANDOLPH, 1'residaU."
. (Jlrchiees, Ibid.)
Mr. Chairman, that was the bold, stern lan-
1 guage in which our fathers denounced slavery—
the " sum of all villanies." These were some of j
the incipient measures to which they resorted \
to rid themselves of the iniquitous and ruinous
system of slavery. Simultaneously with this
association, formed by the First Congress, North
Carolina denounced the slave trade and slavery ,
in language equally bold and truthful. The col- |
ony of Georgia did the same in the following year ; j
and, indeed, the united voice of the colonies, j
during the agitations which immediately preceded ;
the revolutionary, war, down to the crowning ;
period of the Declaration of Independence, was
, utterly condemnatory of slavery, morally,
socially, and politically.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Lumpkin]
has assured us that, if the " Black Republicans'
elect their President in the corning contest, the
Union will be dissolved, inasmuch as no southern
I man will take office under such anAdministration.
This prediction, however, is not original with
j that gentleman, nor to the section from which he
comes, for even the North has, at least, one man
'. simple enough to back his own pretensions to the
| Presidency by a similar threat. But, Mr. Chair-
man, if Mr. Fremont can induce no living southern
, ' statesman to accept the appointment, let him se- ,
II lect the ghost of some one of their dead sages j I
for "though he bedead,heyetspeaketh." Hear
the old Georgians speak from their honored
graves !
" Colony or Gkorgia, January 12, 1775.
" To show the world that we are not influenced hy any
contracted or interested motives, but a general philanthropy
for all mankind, of whatever climate, language, or complex-
ion, we hereby declare our disapprobation and ahhorrence
of the unnatural practice of slavery in America—a practice
founded in injustice and cruelty, and highly dangerous to
our liberties, (as well as lives,) debasing part of our fellow-
creatures below meiij and corrupting the virtue and morals
of the rest, and is laying the basis of that liberty we contend
for upon a very wrong foundation. We, therefore, resolve,
at all times, to use our utmost endeavors for the manumis-
sion of our slaves in this colony upon the most sufe and
equitable footing for the master and themselves."
In that day, Mr. Chairman, Virginia was not
behind her sister colonies, in condemnation of
slavery. In November, 1774, James City county
indorsed the action of that first Continental Con-
gress in the following language:
" The association entered into by Congress being pub-
licly read, the freeholders and other inhabitants of the
county, that they might testily to the worll their concur-
rence and hearty approbation of the measu es adopted by
that respectable bouy, very cordially acceded thereto, anil
did bind arid oblige themselves, by the sacred ties of virtue,
honor, and love to their country, strictly and inviolably to
observe and keep the same in every particular."—Ibid.
Woe is the day, Mr. Chairman, that she ever
receded from her plighted faith ! Had she kept
the faith of her fathers, no note of discord would
have ever marred the harmony of that Union,
then so auspiciously inaugurated. But she has
fallen, and her sons are now heading that great
conspiracy, the purpose of which is to blight the
continent with the endless curse of human bond*
age.
I know very well, Mr. Chairman, and I blush
to own it, that Virginia and the South are not
alone in this great apostacy. My own section
had its full share in the original sin of African Kid-
napping; and fealty to truth compels me to admit,
that in nothing is her case more hopeful than that
of the South, but in that remission which may be
expected to follow the confession and repentance
of sin. Still, sir, however much of injustice and
cupidity prevailed in that'day, both at the North
and the South, there was yet an immense balance
of justice, humanity, and love of human rights.
Baa men and base actions were not then unknown;
but the central force of public opinion was love
of freedom and justice; and this drew our fathers
to aunion so close and cordial, that the result was
the old Confederation, the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, revolutionary war, and the Consti-
tution of the United States. These all were the
sole fruitB of the love of liberty and justice, and
an intense and unremitting hostility to the exist-
ence—much more to the extension of slavery.
But there is no end to the proofs, that the spirit
of liberty, and not of slavery, was the spirit and
bond of union, under the old Confederation, and
throughout the revolutionary war. Why, sir,
under the guidance of the evil spirit of slavery
propagandism, which now possesses the sham
Democracy.of the slave and the free States, the
war of independence would have been an impos-
sibility. A cargo of African negroes, sir, would
have transformed five regiments of these shams
into " Cow-Boys" and Tories. I will adduce but
one proof more of my original proposition, and
i that shall be the Declaration of Independence
: itself. Here it is,0 ye slavery-extending Dem-
■ ocrats,and blush that ever you dubbed yourselves
i followers of Jefferson !
! « We hold these truths to be self evident, that all men
are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator
| with ccrtain inalienable rights; that among tliese are lite,
j liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; that, to secure these
! rights, Governments are instituted among men, deriving
: their just powers from the consent of the governed," &c.
' I know, sir, that a Democrat in the other end
of the Capitol, in the last Congress, pronounced
: this sacred charter of human rights " a self-evi-
dent lie;'-' and that Democrat, so far as I know,
is still in full communion in the Democratic
church, and is probably honored the more for,
! throwing the lie in the faces of those whos bl pa
purchased that freedom which enabled nun, on
i the floor of the American Senate, to dishonor
| their memories, and insult those of-their pos-
teritv who revere thsir vivtucs &nu cbfirish tucir
principles. But why marvel at such audacity of
I language ? Alas, sir! it but too \yell accords with
