1836.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
34th Cono....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Wade.
Ho. or Heps.
■ion of lh  akmholdtrt, and their base tools,
ilif  !**• Democracy of the free States, is th«
unclean spirit ol" slavery propagandists and per-
p-iuation; and just as sure as animal life perishes
M mt'ptmic cases, so sure is it that thia Constt-
tuaou and Ubiou atiuf ptrisk when smothered in
tar iVmi I rnbraret of tht-ae allies of human slavery.
Mr. Chairman,! would respectfully aak of our
UuKMt-aaving physicians and craftsmen whether,
in their opinion, the health of the Union is im-
proving under the sJa very-ex tension nostrums
which they hawe been administering to it now for
some twenty years past ? — whether their last
dose of Nebraska bitters bids fair to improve
the health or prolong the life of their unhappy
patient ? To me, sir, though I am no political
doctor, and my opinion is, therefore, of little
itluf, I confess, that the writhing* and pantings
at'the patient, and the agitated and anxious coun-
trnanees of the doctors and nurses, do not look
like a favorable working of the medicines; and I
would n^p^ctfully suggest a change of prescrip-
tions. When you took your patient in hand,
some twenty years ago, it was blessed with a
robust constitution, seemingly calculated to out-
live all the auacks and granaames who had taken
its cure in hand, and only needed to be wisely j
let alone to rival in age Methuselah himself. But ;
vou could not rest, You pronounced the Union
is danger, and again commenced administering
your doses of pro-slavery agitation. In 1836 you
saved " the Union by " Pinckney^s resolution."
That was by laying " anti-slavery petitions on the
table without reading or reference." You pro-
nounced your patient " cured"—still, to all but
the doctors, it was now evidently made sick by |
your mcdicine. You nevertheless tried the same i
remedy in 1838, in another resolution of the same j
character. In 1S43 you administered another
pro-slavery dose, in the attempt to expel from the
House, the venermbleex-President Adams, merely
A>r presenting a petition to Congress. The Union
was thereby again saved, however; still, strange
to say, it grew more and more feeble under these
repeated salvations; and again, in 1843, you
saved it by expelling from the House my vener-
able friend and colleague, [Mr. Gwding*,] for
offering a resolution in respect to slave trading
under the flag of the Union. But, like all your
past quackery, this also only made bad worse.
But the Union made out to keep above ground
until 1H46, when it was again saved by the annex-
ation of the slave State of Texas ana the Mexi-
can war, and in 1648, by the acquisition of the
new slave territories of fiew Mexico and Utah,
and, by the exertions of Colonel FrCmont, the
free territory of California, making of slave ter-
ritory 724,000 square miles, and the free terri-
tory of California 188,0U0 square miles. At
about the same time, you commenced depleting
yoar pauent by treaties with Great Britain, and
the cession to her Majesty of 5° 40' of latitude
and 3C° of longitude, equal to 774,000 square
miles of free territory, to which your slavehold-
iug President had declared the title of the United
States to be " clear and unquestioned." Still the
Union only grew worse, and in 1852, was again
declared by the pro-slavery and slaveholding
doctors to be " as good as dead." So you
called in both Whig and Democratic doctors to a
consultation over your old patient, the Union.
The council of doctors were unanimously of the
opinion, not only that the patient was very sick,
but, in addition thereto, was badly wounded—
having " seven bleeding wounds" which were to
be staunched at once, or the case was hopeless.
As usual on those occasions, more concessions
to slavery were prescribed; California was gra-
ciously permitted to come into the Union as a
free Stale; Texas was consigned to the dissecting
room, to be cut into only five slave States; ana
Jiew Mexico and Utah were to be slave or free
at their option. To this was added a withdrawal
of the slaveholder's licence to convert the District
of Columbia into a slave stable. But above all,
this arrangement was declared final—was to be
the very last dose of patent medicine to be admin-
istered—the "all-healing ointment" for the con-
valescent Union.
But did the Union recover on taking this dose
of " finality "physic? The doctors told us it was
cured—that in this new ointment, of letting the
| slaveholders have their own way in the Territo-1
[ ries, the Union was restored—was "good as new." i
But, alas! Mr. Chairman, however well it might
fare with the Union, the case was different with
the doctors. In curing their patient, they killed
themselves—every mother's son of them. But,
again, alas for the poor Union, and for the infal-
libility of political nostrum venders! in less than
four vearsfrom this perfect, thia " final "recovery,
the Union was found again in hysterics. There
was discovered a dreadful " tender spot" at the
junction of the slave State of Missouri and the
free Territory of Kansas. The Democratic faculty
of political quacks was hurriedly summoned.
What in the world could be the matter with the
Union now? Well, it was found by them to be
dying of a poison called " Missouri compro-
mise," administered by the doctors in charge of
her in 1890. Thia was the unanimous opinion of
the doctors. The Union, with that Missouri com-
promise, bad taken an over dose of freedom, and
it must be extracted from her system,as theonly
and the infallible remedy. Yes, sir; the slave
Democracy have, for all the diseases of the Union
one, and only one, remedy; and that is, to bleed
her of every drop of freedom left in her veins.
This, sir, is the course of surgery prescribed and
administered by the Democratic doctors for a
Union nursed in the lap, and nurtured at the
bosom of freedom ! Feed her with more slavery,
more slave States, more slave territory; and, when
you ceaae to have enough of these articles on hand,
why, then,steal more from your neighbor nations,
after the prescription of the Ostend conference of
Democratic doctors, of which Mr. Buchanan, the
nominee of the slave Democracy for the Presi-
dency, was the acknowledged head, and Mr.
Soule, of Louisiana, the fitting tail. Steal it, sir,
with a relish. Go at it, sir, wolf and lamb fash-
ion. Says the wolf, drinking in the stream, to the
lamb, drinking in the same stream, below the
wolf, " Sir, if your drinking in the stream below
me does seriously endanger the riling of the water
where I am drinking, then, by every law, hu-
man and divine, 1 shall be justified in wresting
you from the brook;" and,so saying, seizes and
devours the lamb. Go at it wolf fashion, O slave
Democracy, and take Cuba; it will be needed in
a little while as medicine for a Union sick of too
much freedom and too little slavery. Here is
the warrant, sir, under the hands of your slave
Democratic casuists and candidate:
" Does Cuba in the po« i no of Spain Kriooil; endaa- i
ger our internal peace aud the existence of our cherished
UnionShould this question be answered in the affirma-
tive, then by every law, burns* and divine, we ctopuld be
Justified it from Spoimj if we posses* tbe power.
And thia is npon Hie very game principle that would justify
an individual in tearing down the burning house of his
neighbor it' there were no other means of preventing the
flames from destroying Ins own home. Under such cir-
cumstances. we ought neither to count the cost nor regard
the odd* whieh 3pain might enlist against us. We forbear
to enter into the question, wlietlier the present condition
of the island would justify the measure. Wc should, how-
ever. be recreant to our duty, be unworthy of our gallant
forefathers, and commit base treason against our posterity,
should we permit Cuba to be Africanized, ami become a
second Bu Domingo, with all its attendant horrors to the
white race, and suffer the flames to extend to our neigh-
boring shores, seriously to endanger, or actually to consume,
the fair fabric of oar Union. We fear that the course and
cuncnt of events are rapidly tending toward such a catas-
trophe." • •••**«*
"JAMES BUCHANAN,
"JOHN T. MASON,
"PIEKRE BOULE.
" At* La Cbapzlle, October 18,1854."
Oh yes, we will need Cuba; we do need it now;
and Central America, why we shall need that by
the time we can get it, and that will be as soon
as Walker and lus filibusters shall put slavery
fairly under way there. Have it! why not have it,
when such a doctor of divinity as " Old Buck"
says we are entitled to it by djvine law ? There,
Mr. Chairman, is your President who will be
his own chaplain, and do his own preying.
But, Mr. Chairman, this is getting slightly, but
no more than that, in advance of the " wagon."
Let us return to the handiwork of the slave
1 Democracy for theodrenf of another dispensation
i of harmony—another " finality" to succeed the
' old and,worn out " finality" of 1850. The Scrip-
tures say, that the "sinner an hundred years
! old shall be accursed;" but a slave Democratic
| " finality" is in as sad a plight, at four years old,
i as the sinner at " an hundred." So they cursed
their old " finality" of, 1850, and introduced an-
| other in 1854, by the repeal of the Missouri com*
; promise; which, in the short period of two years,
j has deserved and received more cursing, by friends
' and foes, than it of 1850, or all its predecessors
put together. Indeed, this last seems to have had
a bad effect even according to the Democratic
doctors themselves, inasmuch as it was a surfeit
of slavery which has resulted in the " black (Re-
publican) vomit."
But seriously, Mr. Chairman, what I have
spoken ironically is nevertheless not an unfaithful
picture of our present condition as a nation, under
the wicked and imbecile attempt of the slave-
holders and the slave Democracy, to strengthen
the institutions of freedom, by nursing and feed-
ing them on the garbage of human bondage.
God knows, Mr. Chairman, that 1 desire, as
earnestly as human nature can longforanyearthly
blessing, the perpetuity of the union of these
States, just so long as the Union shall subserve
the ends for which our fathers formed it; but my
convictions, that the accumulated perversions of
those ends and objects will, if repeated, at ho
distant period, subvert the Union, are as strong
and earnest as my desires for its perpetuity. Sir,
I have no faith in the conservative efficacy of
anything for States and nations, but the healing
virtues of justice, truth, and liberty.
Mr. Chairman, it was my design, before re-
suming my seat, to say something on the causes
which have led to the disgraceful state of things
in Kansas—a state so repugnant to every senti-
ment of national pride, to say nothing of justice,
peace, or even common decency. Sir, there is
involved in these Kansas troubles something low,
vulgar, dirty, savoring of the fish-market, on the
I part of the executive government, mingled in the
causes and accompaniments of these shameful
scenes—much, sir, of the low, disgusting arro-
fance of the overseer, in his brutal efforts tosub-
qe some refractory slave. " We mean to sub-
due you," is the ebullition of a vulgar nature,
elevated by means of some " villain service," to
an unexpected height; and it is the mingling of
this base spirit, with executive powerin Kansas,
which has been at the root of pul these shameful
scenes.
The great procusing cause of these troubles,
' we all know to have been the repeal of 'the Mis-
souri compromise; and the cause of this repeal
was, the lust of slavery propagaudism, operating
| ob nerceaarynorthern politicians. But the efforts
of the slave Democracy are now directed to the
finding of some pretext by which they may ex-
tricate themselves, by diverting the public atten-
tion to matters which may seem to implicate
others. To accomplish this unworthy object,
this slave Democracy has made the Massachu-
setts Emigrant Aid Society its " harp of a thou-
sand strings." Venting execrations on this never
ouieted ghost, constitutes the Btaple of the presi-
dential proclamations and messages, as well as of
all the harangues, tirades, speeches, and reports,
of the slave Democracy, in and out of Congress.
The President also expresses his regrets thatGov-
ernor Reeder, in his Reading speech, had not
i dwelt " a little more at large on the emigrant aid
societies." All the outrages of the Missouri bor-
derers, their forays into Kansas, seizing ballot-
boxes, expulsion of free-State voters from the
: polls, and from the Territory, the election of a
bogus Legislature of Missourians by a Missouri
mob; the sacking and burning of Lawrence; the
disarming and expulsion of peaceful—free-State
settlers by United States troops, and the arrest,
imprisonment,and nameless persecutions of inno-
cent men for treason; the arming of bands of law-
less, worthless vagabonds, from the slave States,
and enrolling them in the militia of the Territory,
thus, under color of law, turning loose, to rob,
murder, and ravish, without restraint-i-are all
justified and charged over to the account of the
emigrant aid society, for its audacity in presum-
ing to grant free State settlers facilities for entering
the Territory of Kansas. This action of that
society is the solo justification set up by all, from
the President of the United States, and grave
Senators, down, down, to the little " we-mean-
to-subdue-you" street orator, commanding the
i advance guard of the free-State slave Democracy,
1 Sir, I make no apology for any exertion®,
