1080
appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 2,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. fVade.
Ho. of Reps.
foreYer great, on the part of the people of the free
States, or anyone or more of them, to preoccupy
Kansas with free-State settlers. Their fault or
guilt in that regard has not been excess, but the
lack of exertion to that end. Why, sir, did the
slaveholders and their sham Democratic allies
presume that all spirit, all devotion to the Con-
stitution and the Union—nay, all self-respect, all
manhood even, had so forsaken that people that
they would give up Kansas a prey to slavery,
through the treachery of those whose special
duty it was to guard the interests of freedom
without availing themselves of the poor and only
chance left for liberty on that soil—the chance of
outvoting the tools of slavery by boi*a fide settlers
from the free States? Well, sir, if they did, it
was their own folly. They had no reason to ex-
pect such pusillanimity, such degradation from the
sturdy and intelligent yeomanry and mechanics
of the free States, whatever they may have had
reason to expect from such specimens of the cring-
ing sycophants and doughfaces as had wormed
themselves into Congress and the Executive from
those States. Nay, sir, they did not expect it.
They anticipated competition from that quarter.
They challenged and defied it. They reasoned
inj favor of their squatter-sovereignty humbug,
by asserting the superior capabilities of the free
States over the slave States, for the immediate
occupancy of Kansas by free-State settlers. They
taunted those of us who were unwilling to remove
this Missouri restriction, with hypocrisy on this
■very ground, viz: that on their squatter and
popular sovereignty theory, the free States had
greatly the advantage in the settlement of the
Territory over the slave States. Some of them
declared that they expected no advantage for
slavery by the repeal. Thus Judge Butler, of
South Carolina, (Senate, March 22,1854. Ap-
pendix to Congressional Globe, first session
Thirty-Third Congress, p. 292:)
" If two States should come into the Union from them,
(Kansas and Nebraska,) it is very certain that not more
than one of them could in any possible event be a slave-
holding State; and I have not the least idea that even one
would be."
" As far as I am concerned, I must say that I do not
expect that this bill is to give us of the South anything,
but merely to accommodate something like the sentiment
of the South." „
No, Mr. Chairman, it was, then, " not to make
a slave State of Kansas," but to "accommodate
a southern sentiment," to which the Missouri
restriction was offensive. Oh, how gentle then !
The velvet foot-falls of the cat, before seizing her
prey, were not more soft and unalarming.
But, Mr. Chairman, notwithstanding all this
seeming or real disinterestedness (I do not un-
dertake to determine which) on the part of some
of the southern men, there were others who did
not view it in that light at all.
Mr. B^ll, of Tennessee, (May, 24, 1854, Ap-
pendix, as above, page 939,) alluding to what had
been stated in a caucus of the advocates of the
repeal of the Missouri compromise, as to the
effect of such repeal upon the entrance of slavery
into the Territories, says:
" But this broad principle of ' squatter sovereignty' was
not the idea on which the repeal clause of this bill was
inserted. I was assured then that the South had some
interest in it; that it would secure, practically, a slave
« Territory west of Missouri; that slavery would go into
Kansas when the restriction of 1820 was removed. It was
Sot dwelt on in argument; but my honorable friend from
lissouri knows that that view was taken by hiu , (Atchi-
eon,) and I differed from him in regard to it. I thought
Biavery could not go there; the honorable Senator thought
it could.
■ " Mr. Atchison. And I think so still."
This debate, slight as are the glimpses it fur-
nishes, still discloses enough to prove the eager
°j t,'le s^ayeholders for Kansas, and
that they had already been " led into temptation "
ln r,ei itI0n t0 ® question, how the Territories
could be appropriated to the uses of slavery> It
was then already the "Nahoth's vineyard" of
the slaveholding section of the sham Democracy,
and they were then casting about for the means
of converting it to the uses of slavery. " Atchi-
son thought it could be done," though Bell
doubted. At this conclave, he (Bell) "was as-
sured that the South had some interest in it- that
it would secure,practically, a slave Territory'west
of Missouri; that slavery would go into Kansas
"when the restriction of 1830 was removed."
Who that reads that, can doubt that there had
been, at that time, a matured conspiracy, of
which Atchison was the presiding genius, to
repeal the restriction, and instantly to inundate
Kansas with slave-breeding emigrants from Mis-
souri? No one can entertain a reasonable doubt
tBat the sham Democrats in Congress from the
free States, were at that time advertised of the
existence of such a conspiracy, and had been
instructed by their leaders, the slaveholders, to
attempt to convert their constituents to the new
faith, that opening the territory of Kansas to the
legal introduction of slaves, did not tend in the
least to make it a slave State; that the grand dis-
covery of squatter sovereignty would set all these
things right, as by the power of magic.
For this'conspiracy there was doubtless a pro-
gramme, which subsequent developments indi-
cate to have been something after this wise: The
Missouri restriction was to be repealed, under
pretense of "accommodating a southern senti-
ment." Southern gentlemen were to affect not
to seem anxious for the entrance of slavery into
the Territory, or to anticipate any such result.
The people of the free States were to be brought
to jubilate over the new-born squatter sovereignty
faith, as a charm, or fetish, which would there-
after forever secure them against all further po-
litical evil. In the mean time, Atchison was to
organize the Cossacks of the Missouri borders,
and take jjossesaion in the name of slavery and
squatter sovereignty, before the free-State lag-
gards could draw on their boots.
It was probably in view of this programme, or
something in substance the same, that theirablest
debaters in Congress were selected to open the
lire upon the " Abolitionists," as the opponents of
the repeal were called by its advocates. This
was commenced in gallant style by Mr. Breckin-
ridge, the now Democratic candidate for Vice
President. In that speech, the " harp of a thou-
sand strings,'' "squatter or popular sovereign ty,"
was played on by the great musician to the fol-
lowing tune:
" But, again, cannot the North, with her overwhelming
numbers, compete with us on these new theaters in the race
of settlement and civilization, and must she not only vio-
late the Constitution by shutting out half the State's com-
mon property holders with her; but, in the name of liberty,
outrage liberty by erecting a despotism over the Territo-
ries ?"
j In the pamphlet-edition of this speech the ques-
| tion is'put in this form:
• " Cannot you, of the free States, on this theory of ' pop-
| ular sovereignty,' compete successfully with us of the slave
States for supremacy in the Territories—you, who have
some fifteen millions of free population, while we, of the
■lave States, have less than one half of that number? If
you cannot, then what becomes of your boasted superiority
of free over slave institutions?"—Globe Jlppendix, first ses-
sion Thirty-Third Congress, p. 442.
This was the tune pitched by the "chief musi-
cian," and was responded to by the whole choir
of under-performers, both in Congress, by the
press, and on the stump. Sir, it was an open
challenge to the intelligent, enterprising, and in-
dustrious people of the free States, to enter the
lists with the slave States, m the peaceful settle-
ment of the Territory, on the newly-discovered
principle of" Squatter sovereignty." By this it
was implied that there should be " a fair field
and no favor." It was a distinct invitation to set
free-State emigration against slave-State emigra-
tion, in which fair play was due from each party
towards the other, and when, at least on the part
of the free States, no unfairness was premedi-
tated, and none anticipated, from those who gave !
the challenge. No treacherous Senator was sus- j
pected as being on the ground, digging pit-falls, j
layingambushments, and assembling armed bands j
to waylay, rob,murder,and drive back, free-State I
settlers, who had honorably entered the lists in :
your own tournament of peaceful settlement. But 1
the damning proof is out before the sun, that !
while gentlemen of the South were giving out !
these invidious challenges on this floor, their i
colaborers, or at least one of them, in this sad I
work of breaking time-honored compacts, and i
he, at the time, a member of the other House of j
Congress, was playing foul with the very men
who were attracted to Kansas by these chal-
lenges of open and fair competition. It is sad,
indeed, to suspect that this challenge was given
with a knowledge that successful competition in
the peaceful settlement of Kansas, by free-State
men, would be defeated by fraud, or repelled
by force; and yet the proof of the affirmative is
almost irresistible.
| But the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
: phens,] the " firey Tybalt "of slavery propagand-
ism, was still more arrogant and defiant in the
tone and temper of his challenges to free-State
men, to try the efficacy of " squatter sovereign-
ty," in the peaceful settlement of Kansas.
Mr. Stephens, (February 27, 1854, pamphlet
edition of speech printed at office of Sentinel,
Washington, District of Columbia, page 11,)'
speaking of the prospect of a free State being
made out of Kansas, says:
[ " Why should you not be willing to remove this question
forever from Congress, and leave it to the people of the Ter-
j ritories, according to the compromise of 1830? You have
I greatly the advantage of us in population. The white pop-
ulation of the United States is now over twenty millions.
Of this number, the free States have over two to one, com-
pared with the South. There are only a little over three
million slaves.
"If immigration into the Territories, therefore, should be
assumed to go on in the ratio of population, we must sup-
pose that there would be near seven white persons to one
slave-at least, and of the seven, two from the free States,
to one from the South. With such an advantage, are yon
afraid to trust this question with your own paople—men
reared under the influence of your own boasted superior
^ institutions. With all the prejudices of birth and education
against us, are you afraid to let them judge for themselves ?
Are your' free born sons,' who never ' breathed the tainted
air of slavery,' such nincompoops, that they can not be
trusted out, without their mother's leave ?"
i Mr. Chairman, this is not only a challenge to
the people of the free States to enter the lists with
j the slave States in the settlement of Kansas, but
it is a challenge couched in the language of con-
tempt and defiance. Its tone and manner were a
warning to all free-State men, that the repeal of
i the Missouri compromise was then a foregone
conclusion; and that if Kansas was rescued from
the doom of slavery, it must be by taking up the
glove thus insolently thrown in their faces. Com-
paring the achievements, hitherto, of the two sec-
j tions of country—the slave and the free—in the
I successful settlement of new States, it was as rash
| as it was insolent.
"flie haughty, confident, and even defiant tone
assumed by the South towards free-State men, in
; relation ^to the settlement of Kansas, was then
a mystery. It seemed at the time wholly gratu-
i itous; but the disclosures of the organization
of secret associations by the slaveholders on
S the borders of the Territory, in connection with
the machinations of the then Vice President in
| the same quarter, constitute more than a sus-
picion, they amount to strong presumptive evi-
dence, that the purpose of repealing the compro-
mise, and of making Kansas a slave State, were
conceived simultaneously, as events inseparably
connected, and to be accomplished at every
hazard. They prove further, that the shallow
and delusive notion of "squatter sovereignty"
was held up merely to gull a set of shallow, big-
oted, and reckless partisans in the free States,
as mackerel are caught with red rags.
In this view of the case, I ask honest men,
North and South, were not these challenges, these
taunts, this contempt and insolence, sufficient
provocation to put the people of the free States to
their mettle—those of them, I mean, who prefer
freedom to slavery? Was it wrong in them—
nay, was it not right—nay, was it not a duty
which they owed to their principles, (if they had
any,) to prove themselves no "nincompoops,"
to use the select phrase of the gentleman from
Georgia; but to show themselves equal, at least,
in intelligence, energy, enterprise, and wealth, to
the slaveholders who had thus insultingly chal-
lenged them to the trial ? Why, sir, emigrant aid
societies, as agencies for the colonization of new
and distant countries, are as natural a result of
superior wealth, intelligence, and enterprise, as
railroads and steamboats are evidence of enter-
prise, wealth, and skill, superior to those which
had only advanced to the invention of the hand-
barrow, horse-cart, and flat-boat.
Nevertheless, there has not been an utterance
from those hostile to freedom in Kansas, from
the leviathans and pigmy giants of the slave
Democracy in the other end of the Gapitol, to the
President and bis Cabinet, at the other end of the
avenue; or from the guests of the grog-shops, or
