10S*
APPfcff&lX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 4,
84th Cono... 1st Sess.
Defense of Americanism—Mr. Broom.
Ho. of Reps.
fnembets had been elected—not the slavery ques-
tion, but that of the American. In the course of
that debate, the American party was assailed by
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
which elicited from me a response. That reply
brought to his feet my colleague from the fifth
congressional district of Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cad-
walader,] who, in the course of his speech, let
fall assertions -tfhich I was unwilling should go
to the countryunanswered; but to answer which,
an opportunity, up to this time, has not been be-
fore presented to me—assertions monstrous in
their error, and in a subserviency of spirit to the
foreign power of this country, which I cannot
look upon as creditable to the American character.
I read from his speech:
" t rise, because there feJl from my colleague, [Mr.
Broom,] with what I believe to have been a deluded, though
perfect sincerity, certain references to past occurrences
which he chooses to call historical. These are the melan-
choly occurrences at Philadelphia in the years 1843 and
1844, when this American party was, for a brief season, an
open instead of a secret organization. In those days there
were occurrences wltich the honorable gentleman truly
describes as historical j but be has given what I believe to
be an altogether erroneous statement of the historical facts
to which he refers.
" Let me briefly sate what is the version of those who
differ from him with equal sincerity of belief, and with at
least equal means ol'knowledge." * * * "In the yean
1843-44 there were heralded, in front ofthe dwelling-houses
bf a portion of our naturalized population who professed a
religion entitled in this land to equal toleration with any
other, placards and banners, and paraded through the streets
which they inhabited with every species of public demon-
stration insulting to their religious creed. Mobs, composed
of such outlaws as I have described, paraded, as is usual,
through certain suburb; of the city, side by side with those
who thus taunungly displayed these insulting insignia. As
soon as a few poor, humble, naturalized citizens were
goaded into natural expressions of resentment at these un-
provoked insults, then, sir, began a work of which I will
only mention the results. The results will suffice. These
results were the horning of dwelUng-Itonses, every one of
whHh was inhabited by uaturalized citizens and Catho-
lics."
Now, sir, I say that I consider it monstrous that
an American should thus.disparage the charactcr
of his American brethren, by imputing to the«i
ah unprovoked act of that kind, which, in my
judgment, would be disgraceful in the highest
degree,, not only to those concerned in it, but also
to such as would unite with a party growing out
of .it; the extravagance of which, so far as 1 am
individually involved, I cannot consider to be
lessened by the imputation to me of " a deluded
though perfect sincerity."
At this point of his remarks, he was applied to
by my honorable friend from New York, [Mr.
Wwwet,] that patriotic and vigilant sentinel on
the battlements of American freedom, who pro-
pounded a question, which led to the following
colloquy:
-" Mr. Whitney. Let me ask the .gentleman a question.
">Ir. Cadwalader. In a moment. I say, and I repeat
It, that they burned dwelling-houses of poor, unoffending
citizens, not one of them a native-born, and not one of
them a Protestant. It did not cease here. What fol-
lowed ? Churches were next destroyed, and their ruins
smoked in the city for days. The churches were those of
our fellow-citizens who professed the Catholic religion."
* * * * * * * * * *
" Mr. Whitney. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has
given to the Hoyse the beginning and the sequel to what
be is pleased to designate as a history. I would ask him to
plate the intermediate events of that history. What causes
led to the incendiary acts of which he speaks ? What prov-
oottHMi was given ? Were not Americans murdered in cold
Wood In the public streets ? Were they not slain by the
assassmsj bullets, tired from those very houses, and by those
very foreigners, at a moment when those American citizens
exereising a constitutional right?
 K„,.„h'„V1.A?71'LiDeR- * wil1 answer the gentleman, al-
rSi«^"??uCa11" question is, in an interrogative form,
r ftK   ,ve,y "asertion of my colleague, to which
1 « « S? t0 reply' u has been asserted —
feHiDAr (interrupting.) Will the geijtleman
5 IS .? i?n' wl,ether Americans were not mur-
dered from those bouses?
'hix^.WAI,*n,R" j.11 h®8 been asserted, and the as-
footed, that the event stated by the
^vfit ; andTneveT oeaunA- d°  <*
"Mr. Whitney. Whatever diversity of statement may
fcave appeared to paJliate the atrocity, there coJw exisTno
diversity of fact. The cold corpses of eight murdered Jtmer-
c am were there, the ghastly, but silent witness of the deed •
" Mr. CiBWiiiDER. I reply by saying tbal lbere werg
two versions of those facts, and also as to Uh> origin ofthe
occurrence. There are always, on such occasions contra-
dictory assertions on the question which party was the acl
gressor. The gentleman from New York, I say again,has
only repeated, In the form of an interrogatory, what my
colleague from Pennsylvania primarily asserted. There is
here. again, then, I repeat, a. different version of that part
of thbse 6ediMfen«es.
"If the fact were even so, that a poor foreigner or Cath-
olic was taunted into an act oj lawless retaliation for unpro-
voked insultv, would that have justified, from men claiming
to be enlightened native citizcns, and calling themselves
Americans—would it have justified species of revenge
such as was perpetrated on that occasion, in a country call-
ing itself a land Of freedom—a revenge more cruel, more
brutal, and more feroeious, than that of the savages of the
wilderness !"
Now a word for history. Since the gentleman
made that speech in this House, I have picked
up in a book-store a work entitled " Incidents in
American History," by J. W. Barber, published
by George F. Cooledge & Brother, New York. :
In it, at page 399,1 find the following: .
"Riots in Philadelphia.—On the afternoon of Friday,
May 3, 1844, a political meeting of the Native American
party (of the utard) was held in a vacant lot at the corner of
Second and Master streets, Kensington; a quarter of the
city where many Irish Catholics resided. The meeting
(consisting of fifteen) was soon interrupted by an assault of
a large body of Irish, men and women, who rushed simul-
taneously towards the platform, which they speedily deraol- 1
isbed, and compelled the whole body of Native Americans
to flee, under a shower of missiles, accompanied with
shouts, hisses, and groans. This outrage produced much
excitement throughout the city and county. On the fol-
lowing Monday, May 6, the Native American party reas-
sembled at the same place, in great numbers, for the avowed
purpose of testing their right to meet, even in the midst of
an Irish population, without molestation. {
"The American Hag was raised over the platform, and
two or three addresses delivered without interruption. A
sudden shower of rain then dispersed the multitude, most
of whom took refuge in a market-house in an adjoining
street. Here the meeting was reorganized; but as soon as
the speaker had taken the stand, a disturbance occurred, in
which a pistol was fired, at the report of which the majority
of the Assembly dispersed. The Irish in the neighboring
houses now rushed out to join in the fray. Fire-arms were
discharged by them upon the assembly, and several were
wounded, some mortally. The Native Americans were
driven from the ground, but they soon rallied around the
remnants of their flag, which had been torn in shreds by the
Irish, and after a contest of about an hour, succeeded in
driving them into their houses," fee.
Such is the narrative given in this book, which
I had never seen before, but which it will be
found is corroborated by other accounts of those
events which shook the foundation of social order,
and for a while threatened the most extensive and
serious results, and to which I shall now proceed.
In order to show the motive and character of
the movement, 1 refer to the call for the meeting:
"A meeting o/ the native-born citizens of the Third Ward,
Kensington, was held on Monday evening, the 29th ultimo.
After electing officers, they adjourned to meet in mass meet-
ing on Friday after(U>oa, M y 3, at six o'clock, at the cor-
ner of Second and Master streets. All friendly to the cause
are invited to attend.
"WILLIAM CRAIG, President.
" Joan MeMiNCS, Secretary."
The motive was legal and proper, and was sus-
tained by the charge of Judge King, who was
the president judge of the county court, and one
of the most able jurists in the country. I turn
now to extracts from his charge in the case of
John Daly, convicted of riot and murder, on the
18th of September, 1844:
"The meeting ofthe 3d of May, 1844, was called for the
purpose of considering the expediency of a proposed alter-
ation of the laws of the United States, ui reference to the
naturalization of foreigners, and promoting the ends and
objects of the association known as the Native American
party. The meeting was organized, and the officers being
placed on a platform erected for the purpose, Mr. S. K.
Kramer commenced an address, but was interrupted by a
large number of persons opposed to the objects of the meet-
ing, among whom this defendant was particularly promi-
nent. A scene of confusion arose, and shortly after, the
opponents of this meeting rushed forward, pulled down the
platform, and dispersed the meeting. To this violence the
meeting offered no resistance, preferring to submit to the
aggression rather than resort to a forcible maintenance of
their rights. It was, however, agreed to by some, that an
adjourned meeting for the same purposes-should be held on
Monday, the 6th of May, at four o'clock in the afternoon,
at the same place.
" If the call ofthe meeting of the 3d of May was address-
ed exclusively to persons favorable to its objects, the inter-
ference of individuals hostile to its proceedings, and the
breaking up and dispersion of the meeting by them, was a
gross outrage on the rights of those who called it. It was a
riot of a flagrant kind. Any body of citizens, having in view
a constitutional and legal purpose, have the right peaceably
and quietly to assemble together for its consideration and
discussion. Any attempt by another body of citizens op-
posed to the objects of the assembly, to interrupt and dis-
perse it, is not to be tolerated. In this instance it has led to
the long train of riots, murders, and arsons, which have dis-
graced our city and shaken the foundations of social Order."
* * * ' * * * *
" The attorney general insists that the whole ease shows
an original and formed design in the defendant and his as-
sociates to disperse any meeting having for its abject that
contemplated by the meeting of Friday, the 3d of May, and
VL?ij6?°y *nd kill those concerned in it, if their object
eowd be accomplished in no other way. He insists that
the whole conduct of Daly and his associates manifest that
such was their intention, nnd that the affair of tile hose-
house was a mere pretext to cover a deeper and deadlier
design."
Here, sir, is ajudge, who wasnot with us polit-
ically, presenting in his charge to the jury, con-
curred in by the attorney general of the State,
that the rights of Americans had been grossly
outraged. And by whom, sir ? By those whom
our fathers had, in a feeling of philanthropy, in-
vited to this country to become our co-sharers in
the benefits and blessings of republican freedom.
1 shall not have time, sir, in the hour allotted ,
to go through the occurrences of that period in
detail; but I shall endeavor to present them suf-
ficiently for a full understanding of that portion
of the history of the internal working of our
society of free government participated in by the
uneducated and licentious alien.
An extract from the United States Gazette, a
paper then edited by Hon. Joseph R. Chandler,
since a Representative in Congress from the sec-
ond congressional district in Pennsylvania, will
serve to express the general sentiment then prev-
alent as to the enormity of the outrage which
fave rise to the riot in the district of Kensington.
'his paper, one of extended circulation at that
time,ably conducted, very influential, and gov-
erned by aspirit of honor and truth, was strongly
corroborated by every paper, political, inde-
pendent, and neutral, then published in the city
and county of Philadelphia. The report in that
paper is as follows:
" Jill statements agree in the fact, that the meeting was
disturbed, wantonly and wickedly, by persons who had
not been called to the meeting, and who, consequently,
had no right to utter a word, with reference to the
proceedings."
The Ejaily Chronicle also said:
" One of the speakers was about to address the meeting,
when a shot was Bred, either from the house ofthe Hibemia
Hose company, in Cadwalader street, or from the bouse
adjoining, which killed a young man named John Wesley
Bhinedollar, a ship carpenter, on the spot. Rage, indigna-
tion, and fury, immediately seized upon the meeting, and in
an instant one of the most bloody and melancholy scenes
followed that was ever witnessed in this country.
" A continued succession of volleys of musketry were
fired from the row of Irish bouses in Cadwalader street,
which was kept up without intermission for more than
three hours. The men in these houses were evidently
prepared for a conflict."
The Pennsylvanian, a most vigorous- Demo-
cratic sheet,and ably edited, used this language:
" A rush was made, in consequence of a gun fired across
a lot, from the-vicinity of the Hibernia Hose house. Then
commenced one of the most dreadful scenes, ire. From
every street and house came rushing to the scene of action,
armed men; some with muskets, others with bludgeons,
stones, &c. Those in possession of the market-house
maintained their ground and held aloft the flag—the star-
spangled banner."
Even the Spirit of the Times, which after-
wards became a miserable partisan sheet, and
the organ of the invaders, acknowledged that—
" A mass meeting of the Native American party took
plaee yesterday in consequence of a previous gathering of
the American party in Kensington being attacked and dis-
persed by a moo of Irish citizens, on Friday night last."
All these papers agreed in the fact that the
American meeting had been wantonly disturbed
; by naturalized citizens; that those naturalized
citizens had thereby abused the great privilege of
American freedom. But I cannot forbear from
, presenting to the committee one more extract,
, and that is from the Public Ledger, an indepen •
dent paper, still published in the city of Phil-
adelphia, which, from the propriety and correct-
ness of its views, ought to be perpetuated. It is
in the following words:
" No one will hesitate to say that the Native American
party, having called a public meeting, had a perfect right to
carry on their proceedings in peace; and the disturbance
they met with, from persons opposed to the objects of the
meeting, was as gross an outrage as ever was perpetrated
upon the rights of any body of free citizens. It has come to a
pretty pass, if, in availing themselves of their constitutional
rights, they arS to be assailed by others, and their lives
sacrificed in the public streets." * * "* "The pre-
sumption that mischief was intended, is confirmed by the
conduct of a reckless set of ruffians, who, a few evenings
since, broke up a meeting assembled for a similar purpose.
Such conduct as this is not to be tolerated in any coun-
try, much less in ours, where the hand of fellowship and
good feeling has always been extended to the emigrant
from other shores." * * * " It is a poor return for
these favors, if they are to turn round and strike at the
liberty and rights of those who have so generoiuly given
them power to do so."
In that struggle eight Americans were killed:
