18964
AFPENMX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL CTLOBB.
(083
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of Americanism—Mr. Broom.
Ho. op Revs.
George Shiffter, J. Wesley Rhinedollar, George
Young, William Wright, Charles Cox, Nathan
Ramsay, Lewis Greble, and Matthew Hamit.
These innocent men, in the midst of their en-
joyment of the rights and privileges to which j
they were born, were inhumanly murdered by
these adopted aliens, in furtherance of a settled
design on their part, concerning our system of
public education, as I shull show conclusively be-
fore 1 close my remarks.
I deem it proper that these events should be
brought before the Congress of the nation, that
the people may be advised of them, and that the
tocsin should be sounded from the pinnacle of their
representation. For although time has intervened,
the causes which occasioned the riot still exist,
and have increased rather than diminished.
The consequence was the formation extens-
ively, of American associations. Their princi-
ples, which did honor to the head and heart of
American patriots, were published and widely
circulated. Newspapers were established at im-
mense expense as organs for the promulgation of
their political doctrines. State and National con-
ventions became of annual occurrence, and all of
their proceedings were characterized by dignity,
forbearance, sound sense, and patriotism; ana 1
challenge contradiction, from the closest scrutiny
of our opponents. j
But those principles failed to secure that atten- '
tion and consideration which their importance
required. The spirit of party had already mad-
dened the brain of its devotees. Yet the shock |
occasioned by the events alluded to, had the effect 1
of arousing them to a brief lucid interval, which I
resulted, at the first election thereafter, in a tre-
mendous triumph of the entire principles on which '
the Native American party was organized. This \
speaks volumes of itself. The people rushed, in
a patriotic spirit, to the indorsement of the organ-
ization of that party while those uncontradicted j
events were fresh upon their memory, and thus ■
fully vindicated the necessity which called for it.
The city of New York was no less patriotic. Its
full and unconditional indorsement, also, of the [
same principles seemed to indicate that the people
of America kept a constant and vigilant eye upon
their institutions of freedom. But with very
many the interval passed, and they again relapsed
Into the frenzy of party.
The American organization, sir, did not result
from the mere circumstance of a meeting having
been assailed; but events, prior and subsequent
thereto, only too clearly indicated a settled design
on the part of a secret combination of aliens, who
were enemies to the Protestant Bible, upon the
institution of public education, which had been
wisely founded and adapted to the requirements
of social government.
The events of Kensington were by no means
the commencement of difficulties between the
native born and the adopted citizen; nor did those
difficulties begio in the city of Philadelphia. In
the New York Herald of Tuesday, June 20,1854,
which 1 hold in my hand, I find a compilation of
events indicating the rise and progress of the Na-
tive American cause, from which it appears that
in 1835, a mechanic (who had no doubt tasted
the bitter fruit of party subserviency to foreign
influence) moved in the matter against the secret
combination of Tammany Hall foreign politicians
who sought to control tne movements of party,
and succeeded in establishing a Native American
association.- ■ Many Democrats approved of it,
and became members; but jealousies and bicker-
ings retarded its advancement for the time, the
impression having been created that it was in-
tended as an auxiliary to the old Whig party.
Subsequently, however, it became manifest,
through " the operations of Bishop Hughes,
(says the New York Herald, from which I read,)
on the public school question, which at one time
caused the nomination of a Catholic ticket for
Senate and Assembly, and had the effect to caifse
divisions between Americans and adopted citi-
zens at Tammany Hall." Thus, then, the New
York Herald ascribes to foreign Catholics, headed
by Bishop Hughes, a church movement in the po-
litical affairs of this country, the first introduction
of " religion" into the arena of politics, hereto-
fore falsely alleged agai'ist the Native Americans.
"A Catholic ticket for Senate tmd Assembly" on the I
school question ! Let that be remembered by our
opponents, and let them search the record to
prove otherwise.
But I will go no further into the history of
events in the city of New York. That same
Catholic spirit concerning the school question
afterwards began its operations in the city and
county of Philadelphia. It was met by Philadel-
phians in a peaceable and constitutional manner
—by public meetings and patriotic resolutions.
These were the meetings which were disturbed
in Kensington, not by any sudden outbreak, but
by premeditated design, as manifested by port-
holes in the houses of the Irish Catholics in the
immediate vicinity of the place at which the meet-
ing had been called, through which the rifle sent
its missile, winged with death, to drink the heart's
blood of defenseless and unoffending Americans;
at this meeting, too, the flag of our fathers was
torn to pieces by these foreign assailants and dis-
dainfully trampled beneath their feet.
Sir, as an American, I cannot recur to these
indignities to our institutions by those who have
found shelter beneath them from the oppressions
of the Old World, withoutexperiencingemotions
unutterable. Nor can I speak the fullness of my
amazement that, in the face of them, and with a
knowledge of the cause which led to them, Amer-
icans can still hug to their bosoms that Power as
the idol of their political worship, and bow sub-
missively to such language as the following from
the Boston Pilot, No. 25, of June 22, 1844, pub-
lished by Irish Catholics:
" If the patty of burglars now rampant in the city of Perm,
and in tire city of Rip Van Winkle,possessed as much brains
collectively as a Choctaw Senate, when by their council
fire, they would hear that their very existence as* nation
depends on the Irish population of this country." * * * *
" It ill becomes any American to taunt Irishmen on the
score of bravery. Native courage is a commodity that needs
yet t« be proved to exist. The flag of America is not yet sev-
enty years old, and thrice the rift tire sons of America have
deserted it. Therefore, we advise these cowards and sons
of cowards to boast moderately. As shop-keepers, tliey
are excellent; as merchants, enterprising and persevering;
as usurers, tliey have no equals in the world ; but as soldiers,
every native ought to belong to the peace society."
And again:
" We are ready to fight the battles of Ireland or Catholic-
ism over ngain."
Now, Mr. Chairman, by my remarks I do not
wish to be considered the enemy of the Roman
Catholic—far from it, sir. I am an uncompro-
mising friend to religious freedom, and would
protect all in their religious rights, the Catholic
as well as the Protestant. But, sir, I will submit
to "no priestly or sectarian interference in civil
affairs, hor cooperate with any party that will
tolerate it, or wink at its enormities. Against the
religious part of the Catholic Church, I have
nothing to say; but, as an American, I have, as
ever, to interpose between that body, as a civil
power, and the institutions of my country.
I pass now, sir, to the consideration of another
branch of the subject. During the last Congress,
this nation, nay, I may say, the civilized -world,
was amazed at the boldness of a Representative
on this floor in raising his voice in denial of the
well-authenticated history of ages. An honor-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Chan-
dler, in a speech marked by much ability,
undertook to deny the doctrine of supremacy
claimed by the Church of Rome. In the outset
I of his remarks, the learned gentleman admitted
that he stood alone in the House; and from the
manner in which his leading Catholic advocates
received his published speech, by contradiction
of his statements, and its subsequent refutation
by the papal action in South America, he might
have usea the expression in its most enlarged
sense. Yes, sir, he may be said to stand alone
in a vigorous denial of a charge which, to use his
: own language, " is as old as the hostility of Pa-
■ ganism .to Christianity"—a charge which he ad-
mits is founded upon the fact that the Pope has
exercised it, not as a divine, but as a delegated
power, conferred upon him in " a far distant
age by Christian (Catholic) princes, to protect
them against the infidelity, ' and, I suppose,
heresy, " of .the middle ages." The following is
his admission:
" Undoubtedly the Pope has proceeded to dethrone Kings,
and thus to release subjects. History declares that more
than on* monarch has been made to descend from his
throne, by the edict of the Pope, and that the allegiance of
his sttbjects has been transferred bv that edict to a succeeding
monarch, who, however lie may nave obtained his crown,
might have been compelled to lay it down at the bidding of
the same authority that oppospd bis predecessor."
Here, then, sir, we have an unequivocal-admis-
sion of the fact that the Pope has exercised tem-
poral authority over monarchs, and hai " un-
doubtedly proceeded to dethrone kings," and
has by his edict, transferred the allegiance of sub-
jects to a succeeding monarch.
; This power, we are told, did not result from
i his divine office, bat was a power conferred by
Christian (Catholic) princes. But, sir, by his-
tory, so far back as the year 1245, we are informed
that this- power was claimed as a divine fight,
! and soexercised in the dethronement of Frederick
| of Sicily, at the council of Lyons. "We there-
! fore," says the Pope, having maturely and care-
fully deliberated," Ac.; " seeing that we, unde-
serving as we are, hold on earth the authority of
our Lord Jesus Christ, who said to us, in the per-
son of St. Peter, ' Whatever ye shall bind on
earth shall be bound also in heaven,' Ac., do
hereby declare the above prince, who has ren-
dered himself unworthy of the honors of sov-
ereignty, and for his crimes has been deposed from
his throne by God, fyc., and we do hereby sentence
, and deprive him, and all who are in any way bound
to him by an oath of allegiance, tee forever absolve and
release from that oath; and by the apostolic authority,
strictly prohibit any one from obeying him, or
in any way whatever attempting to obey him as
i an emperor or king."—Matthew Paris, volumS
2, p. 85.
The doctrine of supreme temporal jurisdiction,
" summa potestas temporalis," is recognized by the
articles of the Council of Trent, sections 15, 22,
24, and 25, and confirmed by Betlafmine, a dis-
tinguished Catholic writer, (lib. v. 5, de Rom.
Pon.) The Sacrosanct Council also decreed
that the jurisdiction reaches to civil offices, even
!' though created by imperial or royal authority,
and that it includes the right to proceed against
all persons whatsoever.—Sec. 23, ch. 10, 11,
sec. 25, ch. 3.
Now, sir, in pursuance of this jure divino,
popes have dethroned emperors; and in the brief
period allotted to myself for the examination of
authorities, I have selected the following in-
stances: By Gregory VII., Henry IV., of Ger-
many, was deprived of his regal authority; and
Otho IV, by Pope Innocent III. Innocent IV.
depdsed Frederick II.; and Louis IV. was de-
throned by Clement VI.
Thus, sir, hath that ecclesiastical body, time
out of mind, claimed and exercised domination
over civil government. And even at a later period,
within the last five years, the living Pope has
expressed himself contrary to the doctrine enun- ■
ciated upon this floor by the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania. Hear what he says, in
, an allocution to the cardinals, in September, 1851:
that he has " taken this principle for basis, that
the Catholic religion, with all its rights, ought to
be exclusively dominant in such sort that every
j other worship shall be banished and inter-
dicted."
Now, sir, what does thatmean? Markyou.the
expression is not merely that the Catholic religion
' ought to be exclusively dominant over every other
religion, but "exclusively dominant in -tvea
sort," or manner, that every other worship
should be banished and prohibited. And this is
1 the power which, by the spirit of party, is fos-
tered and cherished within the limits of our Con-
federacy; while from abroad, by the activity and
energy of the Leopold society, and of the associa-
i tions of London and France, and all Catholic
Europe, under newly devised plans of emigration,
and with the avowed object of promoting the
Catholic mission in the United States, its strength
' is almost hourly increasing here.
Now, sir, since I have asserted,and shown by
the writings of Roman Catholics themselves,
what they claim in a temporal point of view, rt
may not be uninteresting to cast our eyes over
the past, and look at the manner in w ych «*'•
power was first usurped by the Roman Catholic
hierarchy. I do not use the term church, because
j if it were only a church—as I have before re-
marked, I should have nothing to say. But I
1 think it is well established that it is an organized
