1088
appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 6,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Barclay.
Ho. of Reps.
But, sir, in the year of our Lord 1854 this is all
reversed. Prejudice and bigotry bring forth a party
which in the land of Washington would revive
old abuses, reinstate false theories, ancient dog-
mas, and miserable fallacies; a party that would
destroy just and reasonable laws, established
upon correct principles; a party that would ob-
scure the brightest gem in the coronet of Amer-
ican liberty, break up the fountains of the great
deep, and let loose the turbulent waters of passion;
and this under the pretense of " passionate at-
tachment to our country, its history, and insti-
tutions"—under pretense of "imitation of the
practice of the purer days of the Republic"—un-
der pretense of " veneration for the heroism that
precipitated our Revolution, and of emulation of
the virtue, wisdom, and patriotism that framed
our Constitution, and first successfully applied
its provisions"—under the hypocritical pretense
of reverence for " Christianity," and the " Holy
Bible." Never, sir, was the "gutta non vi sed
sctpe cadendo" more completely verified. This
party calls itself " American." Do its principles
correspond with its professions ? On the contrary,
are they not " blackened to the very blackest,"
and "gangrened to the very core?"
Our fathers concluded the Constitution with
that memorable clause: " No religious test shall
ever be required as a qualification to any office or
public trust under the United States; a clause
worthy of them and the country they represented.
They declared: " Congress shall make no law
respecting an establishment of religion, or pro-
hibiting the free exercise thereof."
The essence of a crime consists not in the vio-
lation of the letter of the law, but of its spirit. I
know this party disavow any attempt to strike
these clauses out of the Constitution; but that is
probably because they have not the power to do
it. I know they disavow any intention to make
a religious test a qualification for office; for, if
that were asserted, thousands of honest liberal
men who have joined them would stand horror-
stricken at the loathsomeness of that party, and
turn their backs upon it with ineffable disgust.
Yet, sir, this American party does glaringly vio-
late the spirit of, and strike a deathblow at, these
constitutional provisions. One leading purpose
is, as we learn from the Philadelphia platform,
to exclude from " advancement " " to all political
stations" every person except " those only who
do not hold civil allegiance, directly or indirectly,
to any foreign Power." Do not Catholics deny
holding such allegiance—"Universally deny it ?
But the American j>arty say they do " hold civil
allegiance to a foreign Power." They assume as
fact what is most distinctly denied; and upon that
assumption predicate their political action to ex-
clude all Catholics from any participation in the
Government, native as well as foreign-born, be-
cause they are Catholics. This is the reason,and
the only one. They are rejected as unworthy on
account of their religious faith. They deny hold-
ing civil allegiance to any foreign Power; and this
party which would exclude them do not pretend
to prove they do hold it, and no intelligent one
among them believes it. What is this-but a species
of persecution ? What but contrary to the spirit
of the Constitution ? And yet they tell us they
favor the largest religious liberty. It may be
they do, but, if so, most assuredly it is confined
to those of their own party and belief. If they
do, why this religious political warfare ? Why
politically oppose, malign, and villify a particular
sect. Why raise the cry that religion and liberty
are in danger—that a deep plot is laid to destroy
tae one and subvert the other? Why these de-
liberate, continued, and, may I not say, mali-
cious attempts to excite prejudices throughout our
iand ?
Sir, it lias been the uniform policy of our coun-
try to encourage immigration. Heretofore we
have thrown wide open our doors to the men of
every country and every clime. We have invited
them to come and make this their home. No
country owes more to foreigners than our own
and none has more need of them now. Yet this
party, which would "imitate the practice of the
purer days of the Republic"—I suppose they
mean by that the days of the alien and sedition
laws—this party visit upon a well-ordered, intel-
ligent, honest, industrious people, bitter invec-
tives, unfounded reproaches, and malignant asper-
sions. Indiscriminate abuse is heaped upon all
of foreign birth, particularly on the Germans and
Irish, on whose devoted heads are incessantly
" poured out the vials of wrath." Forgetful of
the services the foreigner has rendered the coun-
try "in the fiery hour of trial," Americanism
would exclude him from the enjoyment of free
institutions, or make his home here too intoler-
able to be borne.
There is scarcely any country in Christendom
that does not gladly avail itself of the proffered
talents of the foreigner who makes his permanent
domicil there. England placed West, an Amer-
ican, at the head of the Royal Academy. France
intrusted her armies to a Berwick, to a'Saxe, and
her financial concerns were presided over by a
§>wiss banker. Scotch heroes have commanded
Russian fleets; and I Believe the defenses at Sebas-
topol were conducted by an American engineer.
While all other nations, profiting by our exam-
ple, are growing more liberal, it is gravely pro-
posed to introduce here the narrow, illiberal sys-
tems of China and Japan.
In the " purer days of the Republic," our
country fought for foreigners; the war of 1812
was in defense of their rights. Then the Gov-
ernment held the rights of foreign-born citizens
to be as sacred as those of the native-born; their
interest, our interest; their cause, our cause.
Yet there was a party then which cursed Pres-
ident Madison ten thousand times over for his
" folly and wickedness " in involving this country
in war for the purpose of securing a few seamen,
who wete said to be vagabond English, Irish,and
Scotch, the scum of the earth, from the claims
of their lawful prince. And the Massachusetts
Legislature declared, " The real cause of the war
must be traced to the influence of worthless for-
eigners"—that is, naturalized citizens, asking
protection against their oppressors. The cry of
foreign influence was then raised by the Federal
party. The same cry is now raised by the
American party.
I will go, sir, as far as any man in resisting
foreign interference in the affairs of our country—
that interference which would foment dissensions,
excite animosities, and divide citizens of a com-
mon country—which would fan the flame of sec-
tional discord,and which has long sought to break
into fragments-the Union of the States; this is
the foreign influence " the Father of his Country"
warned us—beware!
In every age and nation there have been tur-
bulent, ambitious, and unscrupulous men,who,
having a design themselves upon the people,
artfully address' their passions and prejudices
until their reason becomes clouded, when they
are led to play
-"such fantastic tricks before high Heaven,
As make the angels weep."
. Who does not know what was the magical
effect in Great Britain of the cry: "The.Church
is in danger!" by which the severities and re-
strictions under which the Dissenters groaned for
one hundred and fifty years were firmly riveted
on them? Who is ignorant of the effects of the
cry of " French influence" in our own land—of
the unpatriotic and tumultuous proceedings it
gave rise to—of the bitter denunciation of Jeffer-
son, and which caused even honorable members
of this House to threaten Mr. Madison with exile
to Elba, or the alternative of a halter around his
neck? Who has not heard, at a later day, the
senseless clamor raised by the American party—
'' Foreign influence!''—"Catholics!"—" ignorant
foreigners !"—"Americans rule America !" &c.?
and who has not looked with disgust upon the
consequences—the disgraceful riots in Louisville,
Covington, Cincinnati, St. Louis, New Orleans,
and other cities of the Union, where Christians
were slaughtered by Christians—where the blood
of mail was thrown by his brother in the face of
Heaven ? The angel of justice has gone forth, and
the leaders aild instigators of such enormities will
meet with merited retribution.
Sir, this American party desire an " essential
modification of the naturalization laws." The
object is to prevent, fora long period of time, the
foreign-born citizen from exercising the-right of
suffrage. This is to be done indirectly. They
well know naturalization confers no right to vote.
But the State laws give this right to all citizens of
the United States possessing the requisite quali-
fications. By extending these laws—by prevent-
ing the citizenship of foreigners, the State laws
could not take effect, and of course the foreign-
born would be deprived of any representation.
They also resolve to bring about a repeal of the
laws in those States allowing foreigners not nat-
; uralized the right to vote. W hat reasons do they
give us for these proposed changes? They tell
us that a residence of five years is too short to
enable the foreigner to understand the genius of
our Government—to become sufficiently indoctri-
nated with the republican principles of our Con-
stitution; that his old prejudices yet hang about
him; that he cannot divest himself so soon of
the vivid memories of his childhood, home, and
fatherland; that as native-born citizens must
remain here twenty-one years before voting, so
should the alien; that the present laws are abused
in foreigners coming here fraudulently procuring
naturalization upon one year's residence; and to
cap the climax it is said, they are ignorant, and
universally vote the Democratic tickct.
A brief answer only is required to these various
! positions. If the foreigner does not " under-
stand the genius of our Government," or " the
republican principles of our Constitution," how
comes it he uniformly " votes the Democratic
ticket?" If it be true they are all Democrats,
as they are charged, that is the most conclusive
argument which could be furnished that they do
"understand the genius of our Government,"
and are deeply indoctrinated with " republican
principles." Would his prejudices be likely to
grow less by taxation without representation ?
Would the sense of degradation, to which you
would thus subject him, weaken the memory of
his childhood's home, or dim the recollections of
his fatherland ? If the naturalization laws are
evaded, how will their extension remedy that?
Would not there then be a much stronger induce-
ment to use unworthy means to evade them than
now? Would an extension afford any additional
security ? Surely not. " Our children have to
remain here till the age of twenty-one before they
are allowed to vote." So do foreign-born chil-
dren. But for the sake of common sense it were
to be hoped this "great" American party will not
longer draw an argument from a comparison be-
tween the weakness of infancy and the maturity
of manhood. ■
Is it true that our foreign-born population
are ignorant and degraded ? It is not, sir. The
great body of them are neither the one nor the
other. From foreign lands are some of our ablest
ministers, most profound scholars, noblest states-
men, and distinguished generals. Among the
agricultural population will be found, in these
foreigners, as much industry, intelligence, hon-
esty, and, indeed, every virtue which adorns man,
as in a corresponding number of native-born.-As
inventors, manufacturers, and artisans, they have
rendered our country important services. As
citizens they are, with few exceptions, peaceable,
law-abiding, and patriotic. And if those gentle-
men, who talk so much about ignorant foreigners,
would only extend their vision beyond the city
limits of Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New York,
and look out among the rural districts—if they
ha ve no t abundant reason at home—there they will
find more than sufficient reason to induce a change
of opinion. In their native land they have been
crushed by wasteful, destroying, despotic Gov-
ernments—curbed, constrained, and controlled in
their industry by monopolies and restrictions and
grinding taxes. Their oppressions and depriva-
tions have taught them the value of liberty, and
with eager eyes they look to " the asylum of the
oppressed," and greet this land as the mother of
freedom.
Uuder the wise and liberal policy of our ances-
tors, look at the stupendous increase of our
country ! With what ineffable delight must not
the lover of his species contemplate her glorious
scenes of expanding population, civilization,
and happiness: agriculture, arts, manufactures,
commerce, and science,, spreading their holy em-
Sire, where before only the savage reigned!
lany, many of those who have largely contrib-
uted to this magnificent result are foreigners
With the American party this is a reproach. It
