1356.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1069
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Kansas Affairs—Mr. Hunter, Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
attaint s disgrace to thorn on account of the place
of th. ir birth. It would deprive them of their
njhts as citirens under the miserable pretext that
they are incapable of enjoying them—that they
are dangerous! Lansrua£e is too meager to ex-
press the deep degradation of such principles.
Aptly may this party apply to itself the words
oi'Lucifrr:
•• I  ni th* imperfection of the whole.
The pilch prufoimdest of the fallible,
.Mvsell' the all of evil time e.\Kt ,
The oeein heaped into a single surge."
I shall not now refer, sir, in contradiction of the
bald assertions of the " Americans," to the illus-
trious names of Steuben, De Kalb, Kosciusko,
Pulaski, Morris, La Fayette, and other name's,
which shed luster upon almost every page of
early American history, and whose memories
will be held in grateful remembrance till " the
lass syllable of recorded time."
But I will call attention to humbler, yet no less
noMe men. Look over to the Brandywine! On
its banks may be seen a band of Irishmen. They
are enrolled against the country of their birth, in
the ranks of the country of their adoption. They
form the greater part of the celebrated Pennsyl-
vania line. Their sunburnt visages, all scarred,
attest how well they have acquitted themselves in
the field. Their blood has been freely given for
our country. Many of their comrades have
sealed their attachment with their lives. They
are the residue. They march along with determ-
ined, but sorrowful countenances. Their tat-
tered garments serve not to protect their bodies;
their shoeless feet mark with blood their tracks
on the snow. Half famished they can scarcely
drag their weary limbs along. Their noble leader,
as lie views that noble but distressed band, with
heaving heart wipes the half fallen tear from his
manly eheek. Look again. They are now at
Morrwtown. Long have they entreated for
assistance, but none comes; they have begged,
implored, for the merest necessities of life: all,
al! m vain. The ear of those for whom they
fi;ht is turned away. Their appeals to their
erratitude, generosity, justice, are unavailing.
Tint cold neglect is theirs. Is it for this they have
suffered ? Is it for this so many of their compan-
ions have been left upon the battle-field' AH
hope of relief is gone. The most intense suffer-
ings are theirs. They become, and justly so,
indignant at the wrongs they have borne. .They
now demand the redress for which they have so
long supplicated. They mutiny. The morning
of the 1st of January, 1781, that line of thirteen
hundred men march out of their encampment.
The gallant Wayne, their commanding officer,
hastens to the front, presents his pistol as if about
to fire. There stand those brave and determined
men. They hold their bayonets to his breast.
"We love and respect you, but if you'fire, you
are a dead man. >Ve are not going over to the
enemy. We are determined in obtaining jus-
tice." They march to Princeton, whence the
intelligence is quickly taken to the British camp.
Hark! what shoute fall upon our ears.' It is
the rejoicing, by that host, that the time waa
come to end the " rebellion"—to crush out the
half-formed embryo of the Republic. Confiden-
tial messengers are dispatched by Sir Henry
Clinton to the suffering Hibernians. British
protection is offered, pardon for all past offenses,
without expecting military service from them.
They are told of the plentiful table of their royal
master, abundant supplies of provisions, cloth-
ing in profusion,pay, and bounties.* Upon these
poor, neglected warriors the tempter has no
power. They choose to endure poverty, naked-
ness, suffering, atid ingratitude. They seize the
messengers, trample upon their shining ore, and
•end them back to the tent of General Wayne,
to pay the forfeit of their lives. There teas no
Jirnold among litem! The council of Pennsylvania
sent their president, Reed, and General Potter, to
confer with the mutineers. They met them at
Princeton. President Reed offered them a purse
of one hundred guineas as a reward for their
fidelity. They refused it with these noble words,
"We have only done our duty." Are not these
facts a sufficient answer to the charges of igno-
rance, degradation, and danger to our country,
of our foreign population, asserted and reiterated
by American orators throughout the land ?
flewr Series—No. 69.
Sir, ithas been asked me,how, with such views,
I can sustain the Democratic party and support
Mr. Buchanan ? I will tell you, sir. No princi-
ple of that party contravenes a single doctrine I
have advanced, or vote I have given. Not oite.
As man in his individual capacity is imperfect,
so is he in an associated one. And though I be-
lieve my party to have occasionally erred on
measures—on mere questions of expediency, yet,
in my opinion, that is not sufficient reason to
overturn principles which must endure as longas
justice and the love of liberty shall find a place in
the human heart.
I shall, as I have ever done, support Mr. Buch-
anan, because I believe him to be a Democrat " in
whom there is no guile." I support him, because in
his own person he represents the principles of the
party—because he is perhaps the greatest of our
living statesmen—prudent, j^licious, and safe—
because he stands opposed to that new light, from
which every man ought to fly as he would from
a perilous promontory, or from the threatening
Chary bdis, or from the mythic Syrens—that light
which directs man from the truth, which leads
him from liberty, which hedges his way with
snares, pitfalls, and abysses: Mr. Buchanan is the
only man, as I believe, who is now able to extri-
cate the country from the imminent dangers which
surround it, and dispel the threatening clouds
which overhang the Republic.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.,
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
Thursday, August 7,1856.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 153) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending 30th June, 1857,
which was reported from the Committee on Financc, with
an amendment to strike out the following clause:
Provided, nevertheless, That no part of the military force
of the lTnited States herein provided for shall be employed
in aid of the enforcement of the enactments of the alleged
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Kansas, recently
assembled at Shawnee Mission, until Congress shall have
enacted either that it was or was not a valid Legislative As-
sembly, chosen, In conformity with the organic law, by the
people of the said Territory: Jind provided, That until Con-
gress shall have passed upon the validity of the said Legis-
lative Assembly of Kansas, it shall be the duty of the Pres-
ident to use the military force in said Territory to preserve
the peace, suppress insurrection, repel invasion, and pro-
tect persons and property therein and upon the national
highways, in the State of Missouri or elsewhere, from un-
lawful seizures and searches.
Jind be it further provided, That the President is required
to disarm the present organized militia of the Territory of
Kansas, to recall all the United States arms therein distrib-
uted, and to prevent armed men from going into the said
Territory to disturb the public peace, or to aid in the en-
forcement or resistance of real or pretended law.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the Committee
on Finance proposes but one amendment to this
bill, and that amendment is to strike out certain
matters of legislation which have been introduced
by the House. This legislation refers to a sub-
ject in regard to which there is much contest in
the country, much division of sentiment—indeed
a known difference of opinion - between the two
Houses. It seemed to the committee that it
would be best, inasmuch as this might possibly
be an attempt made by one House to coerce the
other, to present that single and simple issue;
because, if the time should ever come when, in
regard to a subject of importance, not connected
legitimately with the appropriations of the coun-
try, one House should determine to say to the
other, " You must adopt our views, or else the
wheels of the Government must stop," then, sir,
revolution is accomplished, no matter which horn
of the dilemma it takes. If one House yields
its constitutional functions to the other at its de-
mand, that is revolution; because then one House
has absorbed all the power that belongs to both. If,
on the other hand, either House shall say, unless
it be done it will stop the wheels of Government,
that is revolution, because that House refuses
to discharge its constitutional duty to afford the
Government the means of proceeding and getting
along. Inasmuch as such a question as that
was presented by this provision, it was thought
proper to present the single issue on this amend-
ment to strike it out. 1 hope we shall be able to
dispose of it to-day. It is not my purpose, at
, least I do jiot desire, to enter into the merits of
the amendment incorporated by the House. It
is enough that it is inappropriate to this bill;
this is not the place for it.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to strike out.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I cannot per-
mit this vote to be taken without uttering my
Protest in opposition to raising an issue with the
louse of Representatives upon this bill. The
Senator from Virginia tells us that, when one
House undertakes to force its opinions upon the
other, and that policy is adhered to, revolution
follows. Now, sir, it appears to me that the
Senate is raising this question with the House
of Representatives; and that if, in the result, this
bill shall fail, the responsibility of that failure
will rest upon the Senate, and not upon the House
of Representatives.
This bill comes here with the deliberate sanc-
tion of the House. The House of Representa-
tives, unlike the Senate, has made a thorough,
full, and complete investigation of the affairs of
Kansas. The House sent a committee to that
Territory; that committee spent weeks in the
Territory taking evidence, and that evidence has
been presented to the House and to the country.
By that evidence the fact is established, beyond
all doubt, that four thousand nine hundred armed
men, not inhabitants of Kansas, invaded that
Territory and elected a Legislature, in violation
of the organic law and the rights of the people.
This fact is established, and established to the
satisfaction of every man. Senators upon the
other side of the Chamber cannot deny the sworn
testimony of men, especially of men who have
no sympathy whatever with the people of Kan-
sas, who are in favor of making tnat Territory a
free Commonwealth.
After making this thorough investigation, after
this full and complete examination, the House of
Representatives have incorporated into the Army
appropriation bill the provision now proposed to
be stricken out by the Finance Committee. It
seems to me that the provision now proposed to
be stricken out by the Committee on Finance is
a legitimate proposition, and one which the House
of Representatives had an undoubted right to in-
corporate into the bill. What did the House in-
tend ? That the Army of the United States should
not be called upon to enforce these pretended:
laws of Kansas—laws which it had proved, by
ample testimony, to have been made by a Legis-
lature elected by fraud and force. It is the de-
liberate judgment of the Representatives of the
people, after full investigation and examination.
The Senate has made no such investigation. Cer-
tain opinions are entertained here by honorable
Senators, and persisted in, in spite of the most
positive and conclusive evidence. And now,
without ever having taken the means of officially
ascertaining the facts growing out of this great
controversy concerning Kansas, it is proposed in
this body to strike out this provision made by the
House, after it had made a thorough investiga-
tion. Sir, the country will condemn—it must
condemn—this action of the Senate, this arrogant
attempt to force its opinions upon the House of
Representatives.
It will be perceived by honorable Senators that
there are three distinct propositions in the pro-
vision proposed to be stricken out. The first
proposition is, that—
"No part of the military force of the United States herein
provided for, shall be employed in aid of the enforcement
of the enactments of the alleged Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Kansas, recently assembled at Shawnee
Mission, until Congress shall have enacted either that it
was or was not a valid Legislative Assembly, chosen, in
conformity with the organic law, by the people of said Ter-
ritory."
The Senator from Virginia proposes to strike
out that provision, so that it shall stand that the
Army of the United States may be employed to
enforce laws which have been forced upon the
people of Kansas by fraud and violence. Let it
; De understood in the Senate and the couhtry,
: that the proposition of the Finance Committee is
to strike out this protection to the people of Kan-
! sas, inserted by the House of Representatives;
! and that the Army shall be empowered to enforce
j the infamous statutes of that Shawnee Mission
ii Legislature. The House of Representatives
