1090
appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess*
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Fessenden, Mr. Wade.
Senate.
would protect the people of Kansas against the
tyranny of usurpation; the Finance Committee
proposes to enforce the tyrannical act of usurped
power by the bayonets of the Army—by the
sabers of the dragoons.
The second proposition of the House is:
" Until Congress shall have passed upon the validity of
the said Legislative Assembly of Kansas, it shall be the
duty of the President to use the military force in said Ter-
ritory, to preserve the peace, suppress insurrection, repel
invasion, and protect persons and property therein, and
upon the national highways in the State of Missouri, or else-
where, from unlawful seizures and searches."
Here is a proposition authorizing the President
of the United States, until the question is settled
of the validity of those laws, to employ the Army
of the United States in the preservation of peace
and order, and of the supremacy of law in that
Territory; and not only in the Territory, but that
the Army may be used to disperse the river pi-
rates on the borders of Missouri, who are arrest-
ing peaceful emigrants, robbing them, turning
them back, and preventing their entering that
Territory.
Let it be understood that the House of Repre-
sentatives, careful of-the rights of the people of
Kansas, in favor of peace, of order, of law, of
the rights of the people of the Territory, and the
people going to the Territory, have put this pro-
Tision into the bill, and it is proposed to strike
it out and leave the river pirates free to carry on ,
their work of robbery and plunder, arson and
murder.
The third proposition of the House is:
"•The President is required to disarm the present organ-
ised militia of the Territory of Kansas, to recall all the
United States arms therein distributed, and to prevent
nrmed men from going into the siad Territory to disturb
the public peace, or to aid in the enforcement or resistance
of real or pretended law."
Here is a proposition to recall the arms which
your Governor Shannon—a man who haa been
the weak and servile tool of those who have
plunged Kansas ill civil war—has given out, to
place the peace of that Territory under the Army
of the United States, and not the armed bandits
that are now traversing that Territory, violating
law, order, and peace, and outraging the people
of the Territory. The House proposes to dis-
arm, disband, and disperse these roving bandits.
The Finance Committee proposes to leave them
with the arms of the Government in their bloody
hands, free to rob, plunder, steal, and murder.
To show you the existing state of affairs-, I will
read from a letter, in which it is stated that, on
the 9th day of July—and, sir, I am assured that
this is a fact, by private letters from that Territory j
—" a delegation of the citizens of Leavenworth |
called on General Smith at his quarters. This i
committee came to lay their grievances before
him, and ask his interposition, as military com- <
mander of the forces of the Territory, to protect i
their lives and property from the band of armed ma- .
rauders from South Carolina, Georgia, and Ala- \
bama, who are stationed over us at the different
river towns, armed with United States arms, and j
supported by contributions furnished from Mis- j
souri; and asked for leave to disperse these armed j
bands, as free-State men have been dispersed. His
reply is that he has no authority—that these bands
art regularly enrolled as militia of the Territory, and
that everything they do is done under color of law, and
that the freerState men have no redress, except in ,
the future resort to the civil powers that be." !
The emigrants who went into that Territory i
with Colonel Buford have many of them left the
Territory, it is true,and returned to their homes; I
but many of these men, the " flower of southern 1
chivalry," yet remain in the Territory, or on the
borders of Missouri, armed with the United States
muskets, ready to commit outrages upon peace-
ful settlers and emigrants. These bands have
been traversing the Territory for weeks, com- j
mitting depredations upon the lives and property j
of the people of the Territory. Now, tne prop- ,
osition of the House is, to disarm those bands, to
withdraw their arms, and empower the President |
of the United States to use the army to preserve
peace, law, and order in the Territory, to pro-
tect the rights of the people, and to disarm any
armed bands, from the slave States or the free
States, who enter the Territory for unlawful
purposes.
It seems to me that this deliberate action of the
House of Representatives is right, just, proper,
and there is no necessity of raising an issue
with the House upon this question; and if it
is raised the issue is made by the Senate, and
the responsibility of failure is upon the Senate,
and the calm and deliberate judgment of the
country will hold the Senate responsible for this
action. I venture to say, that if you could sub-
mit the proposition proposed to be stricken out
naked and alone to the people of the free States,
it would receive more than two millions of their
votes. Nine tenths of all the people of the free
States will agree that ypur army should not be
used to sustain those laws made by that Shawnee
Legislature. They will agree that the army shall,
be used to preserve peace in the Territory. They
will agree that these marauding bands shall be
disbanded, and their arms taken from them.
At the present time intelligence comes to us
from Kansas, that persons appointed under the
laws of that pretended Legislature ha¥e,in some
of the free-State counties, imposed the most bur-
densome taxes upon the people (while, in some
other counties, they have laid no taxes at all) for
constructing public buildings, and other purposes.
These taxes the people believe to be unlawful
and burdensome, and they may not be willingly
paid by the people. Now, it is proposed that
the army shall be used by the authorities of that
Territory, which have already plunged it into
civil war, to enforce the collection of these unjust
taxes imposed upon the free-State people to build i
public buildings for the benefit of tne Govern--;
ment officers engaged in private speculations. j
I think the members of the House of Rep- :
resentatives have acted with deliberation, with !
intelligence, with patriotism, with a deep sense i
of responsibility. They wish to secure to the ,
wronged and oppressed people of Kansas, peace,
law, order, liberty. The public eye will see,
and the public voice will applaud, this action of
the Representatives of the people. If the Senate
sanctions the proposition of the Finance Com-
mittee, if this amendment prevails, the public
eye will see and the public voice will proclaim
that the Senate is actuated by mere partisan mo-
tives, objects, and purposes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it in order to move to
amend that portion of the bill which is proposed
to be stricken out?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in order
to amend the provision before the question is
taken on striking it out.
Mr. FESSENDENi I propose, then, to strike
i out the words, " disarm the present organized
j militia of the Territory of Kansas, to recall all
j the United States arms therein distributed," and
insert:
1 Recall all the United States arms heretofore distributed
to the militia and people of the Territory of Kansas.
!, I make this motion so as to prevent any mis-
! construction of that passage of the bill as it now
| reads. An inference might be drawn from the
bill as it stands, that it was the intention of the
proviso to disarm the militia, if they have any
organized militia in Kansas, of their own arms,
j or of any arms which have been furnished to
; them by the Territory. The object, as I under-
j stand, is simply to disarm them of those arms
| which belong to the United States. > I suppose it
| to be the meaning and intention of that provision
j to remedy that difficulty. It is understood that
i certain United States arms have been furnished
J to the militia, whether actual or pretended, ex-
isting as an organized militia by whatever author-
ity it may exist, and also to individuals among
the people. The object is simply to recall arms
belonging to the Government which have been
thus distributed. I move the amendment in
order to effect that purpose, to make the meaning
more obvious and distinct. I presume there will
j be no objection to it.
j The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
I tion; and stated that the noes appeared to have
! it.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee, Clayton, Collamer, Diirkt'f, Fessenden, Foot, Fos-
II ter, Harlan, Seward, Trumbull, Wade, and Wi|son—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Biggs, Bright, Brodhead,
Brown, Butler, Clay, Douglas, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Hunter,
Iverson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee. Mnlloiy,
Mason, Pearce, Pratt, Reid, Sebastian, Slidtll, Stuart,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Weller,
Wright, and Yulee—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT •pro tempore. The question
is now on the proposition of the Committee on
Finance to strike out the whole clause.
Mr. WADE. It is with much reluctance that
I rise to say a word on this subject. It has been
here the whole session, and I do not really like
to trust my temper with the contemplation of the
affairs of Kansas, for I must subject myself to
considerable restraint in order to keep within the
rules of the Senate.
At this time, the excuse of ignorance cannot
be pleaded in relation to what has transpired, and
is transpiring, in the Territory of Kansas. We
all know what has been done there; we know
what is proposed to be done by the Executive;
and we are ready now to approve or disapprove
the conduct of the Executive in relation to his
proceedings in that Territory. 'As wao well said
by the Senator from Massachusetts, the House
have taken this matter into consideration; they
have been at great pains and expense to investi-
gate it to the very bottom; and more than we ever
pretended—yea, infinitely worse than we stated
the conduct of the Executive, in relation to that
Territory, to have been—is now no matter of
speculation, but of solemn truth. It is of record;
it is before us all; and we can blink it no longer.
It develops a state of things that, in my day, I
never expected to see or hear of in the United
States. No man could have supposed, even four
years ago, that it was possible, in the remotest
Territory of this Union, things could have been
suffered to take place which have taken place in
Kansas, with the assent of the Executive-of this
nation, and I must add, of a majority of the Sen-
ate also.
I regret exceedingly to see, or think I see, a
disposition here to uphold all these aggressions
against the light and proof which we now have
on the subject. When the discussion on this
subject first opened, the proceedings and trans-
actions of that Territory, as related here, were
so enormous that men stood aghast, and I did not
blame them for not believing the half what was
stated at that time, although the evidence came
from such multifarious sources that a man could
scarcely deny it. Eut what was denied at that
time is now, I say again, proved, and no man
will gainsay it. Is our conduct here to be the
same now, when these matters are proved, as
when the issue was denied, and when it was sup-
?osed that all that was stated was exaggeration ?
hope not.
What are some of the facts which we all know
to have transpired and to be transpiring, and
j which threaten to be still worse, if possible? We
know now, sir—we do not think anything about
' it, but we know that the pretended Legislature
of that Territory is a fraud, a pretense, an aggres-
sion, an assumption of power on the part of men
I in a neighboring State to govern that Territory,
pouring in its lawless hordes, armed to the teeth,
i with the deliberate purpose of driving men away
I from the ballot-box, and setting up a government
1 foreign to the people to be governed. This is
; proved, and no man dare stand in the light of the
i evidence and deny it.
With th&tstartling fact before them, is it sup-
posed that the American people of any section
, will lay down tamely under aggressions like these ?
! I say, Senators, you should know the spirit of
j the American people oetter. I know your ma-
j jority is overwhelming here; but I also know that
j the moment you get outside of this Capitol, and
i go among the people of the United States, our
: majority is as conspicuous there as your majority
| is within these Halls. If it were not so, the
1 American people* would not only be ripe for
| slavery, but they would deserve to be slaves.
| The American people are the descendants of
i those men of revolutionary memory who were
jealous above all things of the assumptions of a
Government in which they had no choice. Is it
reasonable, I ask again, to suppose that the sons
of such sires will now lie down tamely, and per-
mit foreigners, interlopers, backed by the author-
