1956.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 1091
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Wade.
Senate.
ity of a State, if you please, to reign supreme
over them without their consent, and to make
laws for them—and what laws ? I would not
stand to inquire what kind of laws they made.
It is enough to say you made laws for that peo-
ple in which they were not consulted, in which
they were not permitted to participate at all.
That for the proud freeman of America is amply
sufficient to prompt him to pledge his life in
opposition to any such laws. Yea, sir, even
if they were laws that he himself would enact if
his free will were consulted, he would be willing
to sacrifice his life in opposition to them if im-
posed upon him by some hated foreign Power.
But, sir, what were your laws ? You your-
selves have sat in judgment on them, and have
declared that they were infamous, tyrannical,
unjust, unconstitutional, and such as no Ameri-
can citizen should submit to. You said this by
your action on the bill which you forced through
the S«nate a month ago. Then you offered to
repeal some that you called the most obnoxious
of all. By so doing you surrendered all the prin-
ciple there was in your position; for if you
acknowledge that it is proper to abrogate one of
these laws you surrender the whole principle, and
you may do entire justice by sweeping the whole
of them away. They are laws to which no Amer-
ican citizen will ever submit, I care not what be
his section of country, when the question is rightly
presented.
Will Senators of the South say tliat the people
of their section will consent to be ruled in this
way? I know they will not; and if I supposed
they were- ready for that, I would be ready for
disunion with them, or any other craven-spirited
people who would lie down under measures like
these. ^3ir, the North wijl no more submit to
such measures than the South.
Are these laws, which have been branded by
the sagest of your Senators as infamous, to be
enforced ? Are you to pay the army of the Uni-
ted States for enforcing these infamous provisions
and assumptions called law, in Kansas ? Is that
what you mean by offering your amendment to
this bill which the House has sent here for your
sanction ?
The Senator from Virginia tells us that, if the
House attempt to interpose a condition to an ap-
propriation bill which they make, it is revolution.
Well, sir, if to resist, in any way, measures like
these is revolution, I say let revolution come.
The pride of the American people, the principles
of the American Government, demand revolution,
if that be revolution. But is it revolution, Mr.
President? Must the people's House of Repre-
sentatives sit with their arms folded, and although
the Constitution of the United States confers em-
phatically upon them the power to originate all
revenue bills (which comprises the power to place
these grants of money on such condition as they
see fit,) must they refrain from exercising their
authority in an emergency like this? Is this the
liberty of the American citizen, that the people's
House, where there really is a representation
of the people—where the wisdom of the fathers
placed the taxing, power—are leading to revolu-
tion by annexing a conditioi*tothe appropriation
of the people's money—a most wholesome re-
straint, putting a curb in the mouth of the traitor
who sits in the executive chair, now stimulating
this country, as fast as he can do it, to civil war?
They, seeing the alarming state of affairs, have
endeavored to put a curb in his mouth in the use
of the army; this has been done by the people's
branch—the popular branch of the Government—
and it is announced by the mouth of the so-called
Democracy that this is an act of revolution!
I ask you again, Mr. President, what kind of
laws are those which the House seek to restrain
the Executive from carrying out? They are
enactments on which you yourselves have sat in
condemnation, as I said before. They are not
laws; they are mere pretenses; and what has been
done by reason of these assumptions ? Lawless
bands have gone into that Territory to rob and
plunder, to commit every conceivable crime. The
House of Representatives, having full and plen-
ary evidence of this state of things, have sought
to put an end to it. Now, and here, in my place,
I stand up to pronounce that the President has
turned traitor to one half the States of this Union,
and arrayed himself upoft the side of the other;
and the whole powers of this Government in
that Territory, with all its influences, are now
! directed to prevent the settlement of the Territory
by'emigrants of the free States. Yea, sir, it is
the purpose, avowed by papers that receive the
patronage of the Government, to drive out the
free-State men from Kansas. This is what the
Senator from Illinois intended by popular sov-
ereignty some two years ago, I suppose—the
right of one section to bear arms to exterminate
the other, and drive them out^and this is dignified
with the name of popular sovereignty!
Mr. President, I know those who agree with
me make but a poor show here in numbers to the
majority. We are, perhaps, but little more than
one fifth of the members of this body; but I tell
you that this enactment was placed in this bill
by those representing a large majority of the
people of the United States. They had full and
perfect power to enact this proviso. Did they do
it for a good or a bad purpose is the question.
I know you have power to strike it out if you
please; but what was the object of the House in
placing it in this bill ? Was it not to prevent
those outrages to which I have alluded ? Is there
a single purpose avowed in that proviso, which
does not meet the honest approval of every man
in the Senate? Is it not right, and just, and
proper, knowing that lawless bands are now using
the arms of the Government for the destruction of
the settlers in that Territory, for their robbery,
murder, and expulsion, that we should say that
the arms of the Government shall not be used
for nefarious purposes like these ? Is it wrong ?
Is it not a remedy exactly adapted to meet the
enormous evil that stares us in the face ? The
only objection that a rational man can make to
it is, that it is not half strong enough. Disarm
these lawless bands! Why, sir, if the House
had gone the length of doing half justice, they
' would provide, also, that they should be brought
into judgment for the acts of treason, violence,
robbery, and murder which they have committed
in the Territory; but the House mildly offer sim-
ply to restrain the Executive- from permitting
these men to use the arms of the United States
for this private murderous warfare.
The Senator from Virginia gravely tells us that
if the House insist upon it, and the Senate gives
way, that will be revolution ! Well, sir, a vast
majority of the people of the United States, if
that is revolution, will go in for revolution to-day.
Do you suppose that you can keep on with the
measures which you have.been lately carrying :
on, and not have a revolution ? I say that, to the
extent to which those measures have been carried
and sanctioned here, they are revolution. They
have given rise to a state of things utterly un-
known to the laws and spirit of the Government
of the United States—utterly incompatible with
the freedom of the country. They have already,
in their present extent, pretty nearly worked a
revolution; and if persisted in, will work a revo-
lution throughout all the States of the Union; for
it is impossible that these high-handed aggres-
sions, sanctioned by the executive arm of the
Government, can be carried out to their ultimate
end and tendency without producing that revolu-
tion which the Senator supposes will come if we
do not permit them to run on without limit.
I repeat, I am sorry to see at this time, with
all the light which we have on the subject, a dis-
position to resist the will of the people's Repre-
sentatives, when that will is nothing under !
heaven but what meets the approbation of every 1
just and unbiased man. Let us look a little into
this proviso, which the Senator from Virginia
says, if insisted upon, will work a revolution in
this Government. What is it? |
" That no part of the military force of the United States
herein provided for, shall be employed in aid of the enforce- \
inent of the enactments of the allege^ Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of Kansas, recently assembled at Shawnee
Mission, until Congress shall have enacted either that it
was or was not a valid Legislative Assembly, chosen, in ;
conformity with the organic law, by the people of the said
Territory."
Is there anything very startling in that—any-
thing which does not meet the approbation of
every just man, who intends to do what is right? ji
There are assumptions, called laws, which stand j|
condemned, in principle, by the majority on this II
floor. Is it revolution to prohibit the President
from using the arms ana Army of the United
States to carry them out, and give efficacy to
them, as though they were valid ? Sir, there nave
been oppressive measures, and will be again, that
work revolutions. Infinitely less cause,infinitely
less injustice than has been done in Kansas Ter-
ritory, led to the most glorious revolution that
ever dawned on mankind, fraught with greater
blessings than any other event. I tell you, that
if you do not relent, but aid and encourage the
Executive to go on with his aggressions, you are
on the eve of a revolution not less violent, not
less fraught with incidents, than was the old
Revolution; and it will be equally justifiable in
the sight of all men.
Sir, it will not do for us to set ourselves up in
opposition to the public will. It was not intended
by the framers of the Constitution that we should
do so. Just look at it. There is no equality of
representation in this body. I do not wish to
speak of this matter; but if you set yourselves
up to be the judges in all things, and say the
whole Government shall conform to your edicts,
you compel us to investigate the kind of repre-
sentation by which you sit here. Here sits my
friend from New York, [Mr. Seward,] repre-
senting three or four millions of people, and a
wealth unequaled by any other State in the Union;
and though it is invidious to make comparisons,
it is in point when you take upon yourselves
such airs and such assumptions as these. We
must look into it in self-defense, for the time is
not long since the opposition to your measures
on this floor was called " factious," although
those whom you called factious represented a
galpable majority of the people of the United
tales. I say my friend from New York'repre-
sents between three and four millions of people.
How many do you represent in Florida, in
Rhode Island, and in Arkansas? Compare the
great States with the small ones, and see that pre-
cisely the same power is to be exercised in this '
body by him who represents his four millions as
by him who does not represent one hundred and
fifty thousand. Sir, it was not intended that that
should be the state of things. On account of the
difference in the nature of the two Houses, the
fathers of the Constitution placed the great and
essential power of originating all revenue bills
in the House of Representatives. Did they do
it for the idle purpose of having this body, with-
out any adequate representation of the people,
set itself up in judgment over them, and proclaim
that to resist its will is to work revolution ? Sir,
to say so, is to make the pyramid stand on the
little end. It will not do.
I say the House of Representatives have done
right. They have inserted no provision in this
bill but what may be defended now and here-
after, before any just earthly tribunal, and before
the Almighty Goa. There is not a single article
in the proviso proposed to be stricken out which
does not meet the approbation of every just and
unprejudiced man. The House of Representa-
tives, representing avast majority of the people,
in view of these enormities, endeavoring to put
some slight, though I admit inadequate, check
on them, have offered you this mila and equit-
able restraint on the Executive. Here we are
told it is revolutionary, and therefore we must
not breathe the breath of life into their action, but
must permit it to go back to the House with an
appeal to the House to recede. Sir, I do not
know but that you may succeed under the idea
that ttiis is revolution; but, so help me God ! I
hope that the man who proposes to recede a hair's
breadth from the action of the House will never
find his way back again; and 1 do not believe he
will.
. Mr. President, we are entering upon solemn
times. Party prejudices, party feelings, must be
given up. We are pressed with solemn consid-
erations, which should lead every freeman to
pause and consider what is right and what is
wrong, an^ not what will meet the expediency
of the moment. What is the present condition
of affairs in Kansas Territory ? Freemen are
scourged; they are chained in gangs and driven
like slaves before a miserable pretender that you
call a judge; they are held upon mock accusations •
for no other purpose than to harass and imprison
