1094
appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 7,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Kansas Affairs—Mr. Hunter, Mr. Fessenden, Mr. Butler.
Senate.
posed to make when I was up before, than any-
,thing else; for it is obvious tnat Senators on the
other side have misunderstood it. What I said
was that, if either House should say to the other,
in regard to a matter of legislation which was
not germane and appropriate to the general ap-
propriation bills, " You shall yield your opinions
to us, or we will stop the wheels of Govern-
ment, "it was revolution in either alternative.
It was revolution if the one House was thus co-
erced to give up its opinions to the other. I did
not say other things would happen, and revolu-
tion was to follow, but that that act itself would
be revolution, because it is contrary to the spirit
of the Constitution for one House thus to claim
to coerce the other in the independent exercise of
its functions in regard to matters of legislation.
If either House should say to the other, in regard
to a matter of legislation which is not appropriate
or germane to an appropriation bill, "You must
yield your opinions to us, or we will stop the wheels
of Government,'' that act itself is revolution upon
either alternative. It is revolution if you force an
independent and coordinate branch to give up its
functions or powers; or it is revolution if, in the
event of failing to do that, you interpose to stop
the wheels of Government, inasmuch as it is
your constitutional duty to afford all the means
that are necessary to carry on the Government i
of the country. This was my declaration.
So far from saying it would occasion revolution
to repeal the laws of Kansas, I said I put the
question on that other issue a3 a matter of power
between the two Houses, and did not propose to
consider the abstract propriety of the amendment
inserted by the House of Representatives, inas-
much as it was unnecessary. Is it not manifest,
air, that you change in effect the whole spirit of
the Constitution, if you enable one House, by
means of the appropriation bills, to coerce the
other, in regard to matters of legislation which
do not belong to the subject of appropriations ?
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] seemed to
suppose that, because the other House had the
right to originate tax bills, they had the right to
attach to an appropriation bill any matter of legis-
lation which they thought would improve it. In
other words, because the House have the right
to originate bills imposing taxes, which he con-
founded with appropriation bills, he says they
have the power to impose, as a condition of
milking appropriations, that the general legisla-
tion of the country shall be such as they choose
.to have it. Sir, if you once admit that, it is
equivalent to saying all power is in that House.
It is to say that what he so much wishes and
desires—that the Senate should be stripped of
power—has already been accomplished.
So far as regards the inequality of representa-
tion here, upon which he seemed to seek to create
some prejudice against the Senate, I can leave
him to settle that question with the Senators from
.Vermont, and Rhode Island, and New Hamp-
shire, and Maine, and Massachusetts. That is a
question which he can settle in that direction^ if
he is anxious to raise an issue of that kind. But,
sir, such as the Senate is, it was constituted by
the Constitution of the United States. Such
powers as it has were reposed in it by the same
instrument; and, untifthe Constitution is changed,
it is bound to use those powers, and to stand up
for the independent exercise of the rights which
are reposed in it by that instrument.
Now, suppose we accede to the principle which
some Senators seem so anxious to insist upon,
and allow the House, which happens to originate
'an appropriation bill, (and it may be either House
.Bo far as appropriations are concerned,) to say to
the other, "You must, in order to get the appro-
priations necessary to carry on the Government,
yield your opinions to ours," not in regard to
Kansas* but in regard to any matter of general
legislation; and suppose they should seek in that
way to monopolize the whole power of legisla-
tion for the country, (and they might do it on that
theory, for if they could as to Kansas they could
as to anything else,) is it not obvious, that when
they have done that, and made good the right thus
asserted, they have by that very act tnaae a rev-
olution in the Constitution of the counter—that
-they have transferred those powers which were
designed to be decided between the two Houses
to one—that they have made the one which hap-
pens to start an appropriation bill omnipotent and
supreme, and that one, according to the theory of
the Senator from Ohio, is the House of Represent-
atives? So far, then, as legislation is concerned,
we had better have but one House, because all
power on that theory would be there.
I thought that upon that question we might
strike out this provision, and send the bill back
to the House without necessarily involving the
merits of this Kansas amendment; and I wished
to avoid it; not because I did not see objections
enough in it, but I wished to limit the range of the
discussion as much as possible.
Now, sir, what is it that this clause proposes?
The Senator from Ohio says no man in the world
can look at it and object to it. It does not pro-
pose to repeal these laws, but, while it leaves
them in existence, it takes away the means of
executing them; thus securing, as far as it is
able to do so, the reign of anarchy within that
Territory. It does not come forward openly and
boldly and say,"These laws are h ereby repealed,''
so as to leave the citizens of that Territory in no
dcfubt as to their legal obligations; but, whilst it
will not pronounce whether they are in force or
not in force, it takes away the means of executing
them in the event that they may be in force.
But this is not all, sir. The House extend
their legislation not merely to Kansas, but to
Missouri, and require that the President shall use
the forces of the United States to keep open the
grand highways in Missouri. I should like to
Know what power the President has in regard to
the State of Missouri, to use the troops for the
purpose of taking from the government of that
State its jurisdiction over its own soil and terri-
tory ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not to take away
their jurisdiction, but to prevent their taking away
the jurisdiction of the United States over the pub-
lic highways.
. Mr. HUNTER. I apprehend that, whenever
the Senator comes to devise a system of action to
carry that out, or to endeavor to frame a law for
it, he will find himself puzzled very much, even
with his view of our powers within the limits
of a State. Certainly this is no place to attempt
any jurisdiction so delicate and dangerous as that
would be, and to say that the President, (for that
is what this invites him to do,) whom the Senator
from Ohio denounces as a traitor, shall, accord-
ing to his discretion, use the troops of the United
States to keep clear the highways in Missouri ?
Could you invest in any man a more delicate and
dangerous power? Have we the right to vest it
in him at all ? And is there any man, even among
those who think they have the right, so clear in
the conviction that this is the place in which they
should ingraft such legislation ?
But, sir, as I said before, I do not desire to
connect the debate on this bill, if I can avoid it,
with the Kansas question. It is enough for the
Senate to say to the House, " As to this matter
of general legislation, there is a difference of
opinion between us; you can assert your opinion
in an independent bill, and we will assent to it if
we believe it to be right, and so can we assert
ours; but we deny your right to put your
opinions on these subjects into an appropriation
bill: it is not proper to say to us that we must
either yield to your opinions and accede to your
will, however dangerous and improper we may
deem it, or else there shall be no appropriation
for the Army, and the wheels of Government shall
stop." Who will be responsible if that result
should follow? Not the Senate, because it is
standing upon ittf manifest rights and privileges,
when it says the appropriation bill shall be sim-
ply confined .to the objects of such bills, and shall
not be united with subjects of general legislation
on which there is a difference of opinion between
the two Houses; but the Houseof Representatives
will be responsible if it shall say to us, " Unless
you yield your opinions, differing as you do from
us on this question, we will stop the wheels of
Government altogether." There the country will
&x the responsibility.
If the other House has any particular opinions
on the Kansas question, it has discharged its duty
when it has pa^ped a bill embodying them, and
sent it to us. If we fail to concur in it we are
responsible for that, and not the House. It not
only is responsible for endeavoring to force us to
adopt its opinions through the instrumentality of
an appropriation bill, but it will be held respons-
ible by the country. If it shall continue in en-
deavoring so to force and coerce us, and if, upon
such an attempt to usurp power, it shall so far ,
insist as to lose this bill, I feel no hesitation in
predicting that there will be one unanimous out-
burst against it throughout the country. I do
not believe the House will do it; I do not believe
they can insist on any pretension so enormous,
so extravagant, as this seems to me to be; and I
choose rather to presume that when the Senate
send them back their own bill, differing only by
having stricken from its face this provision which
belongs not to the subject of appropriation, but
to a matter of general legislation on which parties
and the two Houses are divided, they will feel
the propriety of passing those measures of gen-
eral appropriation to which all assent, and of re-
serving this difficult and complicated and bitter
matter for separate and independent legislation.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, notwithstand-
ing the evident desire to .dispose of this question
in as short time as it can be well done, consist-
ently with duty and a responsible regard for con-
sequences, I cannot suffer the occasion to pass
without one or two remarks.
I have been in the Senate of the United States
for ten years. During that time—one of eventful
interest in the history of the country—I have
1 served with the wise and great men of the Con-
federacy, with statesmen educated under the Con-
stitution; and whilst differing in doctrinal views,
they have concurred with signal uniformity in
observing the fundamental forms of the Consti-
tution. We have passed through junctures of
perilous trial, when party and faction were under
strong temptation to resort to convenient expe-
dients to carry out these principles. Precedent
and form have been, thus far, guards against the
irresponsibility of numbers, influenced' not so
much by interest as hostility. Great minds, good
sense, and an observance of form, have been our
guards. The proposition which comes from the
House of Representatives, at this time, is one
of radical and revolutionary innovation, and is
the most unconstitutional proposition that has
ever found its way into either branch of the Legis-
lature . If not in purpose, its consequence is con-
stitutional suicide. I am admonished that events
are running to a crisis too fast to allow me for
a single moment to participate in the heat and
declamatory violence exhibited by some Senators
who have spoken on this subject; for, sir, if, vio-
lating all that is sacred, all that is usual, all the
guarantees which have been heretofore observed
in the Senate, and in this Government, we are to
come to a rupture of this kind, suspending the
operations of Government, I would not aggra-
vate feeling so as to make it one of blood and
violence. They are such as have rarely marked
changes and revolutions of the disciples gf Anglo-
Saxon institutions. There was a time when I
could not, and perhaps did not, refrain from strong
find retaliatory language of debate. Circumstances
which would excuse the flush of excitement,
have passed into scenes of deeper reality, and we
cannot shut our eves to them. The issues now
before us are not likely to pass off in an ebullition
of transient excitement. Under this_ conviction,
my mind has turned to the future with a view of
looking consequences in the face, and, I hope,
with no purpose of aggravating the dangers that
may attend them. I am not one of those bold
men who«an tread carelessly through any of the
devious ways of anarchy. 1 have lived too long,
and read too much, ever to trust to the impulse of
the occasion, when counsels growing out of an-
archy dictate to any people; and I know the old
and the grave, the great and the wise, must submit
to the dictation of the violence of the young and
the irresponsible. In a time of anarchy, rashness
and temerity, will give the daring adventurer the
ascendency. - ...
But now, Mr. President, what is this proposi-
tion ? It is that a majority of the House of Rep-
resentatives shall resolve themselves into the
Government of the United States, in derogation
and in disregard of all the obligations and provis-
ions of the Federal Constitution. Can a majority
