109b
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
k Kansas Affairs—Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
Senate who sustained the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
as also all the members of the House who aided
in. passing it, were elected before the question of
the repeal of the Missouri compromise had ever
been suggested for public consideration. It was
a question originated by men elected without ref-
erence at all to that question, called up by per-
sons who never had received, or been refused, a
vote with reference to that question, under any
circumstances whatever. They came here and
originated a measure which the country had
never contemplated, which had not been consid-
ered, and which they were not elected for the
purpose of acting upon, because it was a purpose
not avowed and not existing when they were
elected.
The country was called upon to act on that
question in the succeeding election of members
of the House of Representatives. The-attention
of the people was called to it. They passed upon
it, and what did they do ? They sent into the
other wing of .the Capitol—they sent into the
House of Representatives a decided majority
opposed to that measure. The country expressed
its will and its opinion upon the subject in un-
mistakable language.
What has followed? The majority of that
House stand there representing the'majority of
the people of the United States on that question,
if they do not upon any other. It must be
said, and I say it without fear of refutation, that
if the majority of the House of Representatives,
at present existing, represents any one feeling
or principle in this country, it is hostility to the
act which repealed the Missouri compromise.
Standing thus, representing that principle and
that feeling, what have they seen ? I say, and
those who act with me, say .and believe, they
have seen the evil consequences of the measure:
they have seen a usurped authority in Kansas;
they have seen a Legislature imposed upon the
people by foreign votes; they nave seen that
Legislature, thus imposed.Apon the people by
foreign votes, passing laws the most odious ana
iniquitous that can be imagined, and decided by
the 'Senate here, on a solemn vote upon a bill
which we have passed, to be so odious and so
iniquitous that they cannot be defended—even
you, Mr. President, appealing to Senators, from
this floor, not to impose the burden of defend-
ing those laws on their friends from tlie free
States, and your friends yielding to the prayer.
We have seen, further, the power of the Govern-
ment called to enforce those very laws which are
described as too odious and iniquitous to be suf-
fered upon the statute-book—so odious and in-
iquitous that Senators are willing to abandon the
irinciple on which they foundea the Kansas bill
i order to destroy tnem, and take away the
odium of those laws from the Senate of the Uni-
ted States.
Is not all this true ? I believe it to be true as
matter of record. We have witnessed in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas the military arm of the United
States extended to enforce those laws, and to pro-
tect those in that Territory who are engaged in
perpetrating outrages which stir our very blood
when they are named. As I believe, the military
power of the United States has been used to es-
tablish and enforce iniquity, to protect lawless
men in the execution of lawless deeds, and in
fact to protect those who have gone there for
purposes of their own—purposes which I believe
to be even baser than any political purposes
which can be imagined—to act with impunity,
and under the protection of the Government of
the United States, and the troops of the United
States.
That is what the majority in the House of Rep-
resentatives, representing the majority of tne
people, elected for the purpose of representing
►the feelings and opinions of the people on this
subject, have seen. All this was denied once;
but that very House of Representatives has taken
great pains to investigate the facts. It has dis-
patched a commission, it has had returns, and on
those returns it has solemnly decided, by its vote,
that that Legislature was an usurping Legislature,
imposed on the people by spurious votes, and by
the force, fraud, ana violence of foreigners, and
that the military power of the United States has
been used to enforce, and is now being used to
enforce, laws thus imposed on the people of that
Territory by fraud and violence.
Having these facts before them, what have
they done? Have they proposed to disorganize
this Government, as gentlemen please to say ?
Not at all. Have they proposed to disband the
Army? Notatall. Have they proposed to with-
hold the appropriations necessary to support
the Army of tne United States? Not in any
degree whatever. Have they proposed in any
way to withhold any appropriation, of any kind
or description, necessary to carry on the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and to sustain and
uphold every institution that is protected by the
Constitution of the United States ? In no possi-
ble manner, to no extent, and no effect whatever.
What is their proposition? It is simply this:
" we will grant all the money that is necessary
for the objects of the Government; we will grant
all that is necessary to support the Army; but
the money which we so grant shall not be ex-
pended in sustaining a Legislature which has no
legal existence, in sustaining laws in a Territory
which are an outrage, in sustaining men in a
Territory who are more worthy the name of
devils than of men, if we may judge from the
condutt of which they have been guilty." Had
the House of Representatives a right to do this?
Let me ask my honorable friend, the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, is anything more
proposed than a limitation on the expenditure of
the money ? Does he pretend that it is with-
holding the money ? Is not all appropriated that
has been asked for? Is it anything more than a
mere check on the power of expenditure, and is
not that check placed upon almost every one of
the appropriation bills, civil or diplomatic, or any
other, in some shape, that passes through Con-
gress ? I venture to say (Rat I can take almost
any appropriation bill which has passed here
since I nave been a member, and find, in differ-
ent parts of it, some check—a limitation imposed
upon the expenditure of the money granted, or
some portion of it.
Then, have the House of Representatives pro-
Eosed to do anything more in this case than has
een done by the Senate and House in other
cases? Is it not germane to the bill for the
House of Representatives to say, " we grant you
the money, but it shall be expended only in a
particular mode, for a particular object; or, at
any rate, it shall not be expended for some par-
ticular object specified?" Is it anything more
than that ?
Let me suppose a case, by way of illustration.
Just imagine that the President, who is com-
mander-in-chief of*lhe Army, and can direct its
movements, had chosen, without the authority
of Congress, to declare war against an adjoining
nation, and that he had moved the Army down
upon the frontier of our neighbor, and was com-
mitting hostilities there, without the assent of
Congress, contrary to the will of the nation 
Mr. BUTLER. Impeach him—that is all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You can impeach; but
that is punishment, not prevention. I will go
further, and suppose that the guardians of the
people's money in the other wing of the Capitol
should,in their next appropriation bill,undertake
to grant just as much as was needed to keep up
the Army; and should say, " it shall not be drawn
from the Treasury unless the troops-are with-
drawn from the Mexican frontier." Is that rev-
olution ? Is that a power which the people have
no right to exercise ? Is there anything strange
in it ? Is there nojnode in which we can reach a
measure of that kind without dissolving the Gov-
ernment? The. House of Representatives have
sent you this proposition on a bill framed by
themselves. They have sent you a provision for
the maintenance of the Army for all purposes for
which an army is needed; but what ao they say ?
That that army shall not be used for purposes
which they consider illegal, unjust, ana an out-
rage; and because they undertake so to limit their
grant you denounce them—the authors of that
measure, and us, who sustain it, as being guilty
of an act that necessarily leads to revolution.
Sir, it is a most illogical conclusion. Let gentle-
men answer the question which I have put to
them, and ask themselves whether, in the case
1 supposed, it would not be, not only competent,
but proper, for us to make provision that the
money should not be used for a purpose which
Congress did not consider legal or justifiable?
Are we to be answered by the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Finance that such a
provision is not germane to the bill? It is per-
fectly so; nothing could be more so. The Sen-
ator is learned in parliamentary history. Does
he not know well that in the English Parliament,
from the earliest times, not only have appropri-
ation and revenue bills gone together, but, in
cases without number, it has been the habit of
that Parliament to check the power of the Crown
by annexing conditions to their appropriations
of money? It is not only not a new thing, but a
very common thing, in the history of all Parlia-
ments. Does he not know that the only mode in
which our ancestors of Massachusetts checked
the powers of their royal Governors was by grant-
ing money only on conditions ? The power of
supply, and the power of annexing'conditions to
supply, have always gone together in parliament-
ary history; and their joint exercise has never
been denounced as a case of revolution or calling
for revolution, or tending to produce revolution
in any shape or form whatever.
Sir, it is a power essential to the preservation
of our liberties. We do not wish to dissolve this
Government; but, unless we'would destroy it,
we must point out the mode in which the money
we grant is to be used, or else submit to any use
of it that the commander-in-chief may choose to
select. It is the peculiar prerogative and right of
Congress to control the commander-in-chief of
the Army, and to control the Army whicn they
raise. Do gentlemen argue here tnat our only
business is to make the appropriations for the
support of the Army, and not question.the vuse
that is to be made of them? that we cannot annex
any conditions to our grants of money—a power
that has always been claimed as essential to free-
dom from the beginning of English liberty, which
we inherit, and from the beginning of legislation
in this country? Sir, the idea that we cannot
annex conditions of that kind, restraining the
power of our military officers, is a notion that,
if admitted, would reduce us to worse than colo-
nial bondage. It is the only protection we have,
unless we choose to do in fact what the gentle-
man from Virginia says we must necessarily be
considered as doing when we affix any condition
of this kiryi to a grant of money—initiate a revo-
lution.
Mr. President, I have been surprised at the
positions taken by honorable Senators on the
other side. 1 know that no man is more learned
in the history of Parliaments, especially with
regard to money grants and money powers,
the honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter:] and yet he gravely argues that the House
of Representatives—the power exclusively gifted
by the Constitution with the prerogative of rais-
ing money—not exclusively of expending it, I
grant, but still, from the very nature of its ex-
istence, as deriving its powers more immediately
from the people, and from the short term of office
which it holds, and its frequent return to the
people, necessarily more trusted by the people,
with reference to the expenditure of money, than
we are—and a House elected with reference to
this particulartneasure,—has not the ppwer, with-
out committing a revolutionary act, to say that
the funds which it grants and is willing to grant,
must be restrained to effect what it believes to be
constitutional, and legal, and proper objects in
their application. When I hear him say this, I
am astonished, because he goes counter to all the
history of money grants by free Parliaments, from
the creation of tne world d
time.
down to the present
Then, sir, the question arises, simply, when
is this power to be exercised ? That is a question'
of expediency and propriety. The honorable
Senator from South Carolina talks of factious
men using this power for factious purposes, and
the necessary result being the dissolution of _the
Government. That is for the people to decide.
While I contend that the power exists, and must
necessarily exist, and that without it that branch
of Government would be shorn of what gives it
its greatest force, I grant you that it is only to be
exercised with profound discretion, and in cases
