1096
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Kansas-Affairs—Mr. Hunter, Mr. Fessenden, Mr. Douglas.
Sen.;
ate.
ment and speech, and I shall certainly not do it;
for, as is well known, is abundantly able to
take care of himself.
But, passing from that, I have a few words
more to say. I have noticed that it is the policy
of certain Senators here to represent the minority,
on all occasions when they can get an opportu-
nity to do so, as desiring to produce agitation,
and as willing to create revolution. Sir, we do
not talk about dissolving the Union, as we hear it
talked of on the other side of the Chamber every
day, from some Senator or another. We make
no threats; we speak as we think the public sen-
timent of our people to be; and we speak dis-
tinctly of what our people design to do, in refer-
ence to these measures, and what we ourselves
design to do in relation to them, when they pre-
sent themselves here. We have no concealment
on that subject. It struck me that there was a
certain design among gentlemen, if possible, to
produce an impression by changing the venue of
dissolution and disunion from the place where
such questions are wont to be discussed and tried,
and throwing them north of Mason and Dixon's
line. Senators may do as much of that as they
please. It will not produce either of two effects:
it will not frighten our people, or deter them from
the purpose they have in view of resisting this
Kansas iniquity to the utmost, so far as they can
within the limits of the Constitution, and by the
exercise of all the power they have; nor will it
deter a single man of us from expressing our
opinions here, and our opinions at home, among
the people whom we represent. As little effect
will the idea which is advanced by the honorable
Senator from Virginia, that this is a revolutionary
measure, and designed as such, have upon us.
We know better. The idea is advanced, not to
convince us that this is so, but to convince our
people that it is so, and his own people that it is
so, if he can; but the Senator knows perfectly
well that the responsibility of defeating this Hill
will rest as much upon him as upon any body,
and upon the Senate as much as upon the House
of Representatives.
The House, in the exercise of its constitutional
power, has passed a bill constitutional in all its
provisions. It has appropriated money-, ft has
said, in that appropriation, that the money grant-
ed shall not be used for a particular purpose—
a thing which it has often said before, and which
you have said as often in bills of a similar char-
acter. Now, sir, is that unconstitutional? and
will the denunciation of the Senator, and the cool
manner in which he proposes to take it, produce
that impression through the country, or affect our
action ? 1 tell him no; the question is not one of
that description, but one of expediency. Does
"the occasion justify it, and will the occasion jus-
tify us in standing to it? That is the point.
i grant, with him, that it should not be for light
causes that any appropriation bill passed to sus-
tain any branch of the Government to carry, on
the operations of the Government which are neces-
sary, should be lost by division between the two
Houses; but he knows, and I know, that there
may be, and are, occasions when it is perfectly
proper—ay, when the cause of freedom requires
that we should refuse to appropriate money which
we believe, unless it is guarded by law, will be
used in a manner prejudicial to the interests of
the country, and prejudicial to the great cause of
human liberty. In such circumstances, it be-
comes our duty, by virtue of the Constitution
under which we live, to impose some restriction.
Mr. HUNTER. I am sure the Senator—for
I know him to be a gentleman of candid mind—
would not like to be so much in error as he has
been in regard to parliamentary law on this mat-
ter. I have a lktle which I would like to read to
him; but I shall wait until he is done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had but a little more
to say. I do n"t propose to examine the dis-
puted provisions of the bill. It is enough for me
to say I have investigated them, and can vote for
them. But suppose this appropriation bill for the
Army should be lost: is the Government dis-
organized ? Do the wheels of this great govern-
mental institution of ours stop ? Cannot they
exist for a-few months without the Army of'the
United States ? With what people are we at war ?
I suppose a military forc« may be needed on the
fTrontier, but perhaps there is now enough in the
j Treasury, unexpended, to meet that necessity;
and if not, the people can take care of themselves,
I doubt not, for a few months; They are abun-
dantly able to protect themselves, and I believe
most of them would rather do so unaided, than
submit to what they think unjust and oppressive.
I do not contemplate this proposed limitation as
the Senator from South Carolina does, as a neces-
sary dissolution of the Government. It is not atri-
vial matter which can dissolve this Government.
I am one of those who believe it is not easy, and
that gentlemen who undertake it will find that it
is no easy matter, to dissolve the Union and de-
stroy the Government of the United States. I
turn always from ideas and threats, and intima-
! tions of that kind, so much have I heard of them,
with a species 
Mr. BUTLER. You heard no threat from
me:
, Mr. FESSENDEN. Not recently.
I Mr. BUTLER- I do not think you ever did.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senatorwill pardon
me, I will not go into any discussion with him as
to what he has said heretofore; but I say, when
I do hear it, it produces no other emotion in my
mind than that of utter amazement at the folly, if
I may so call it, of those who suppose, for an
instant, that it will produce the slightest effect
upon the people of the free States. The people
of the free States do not mean that the Union shall
be dissolved, or that the Government shall be
disorganized. They therefore have no apprehen-
sions on the subject; for they believe in their own
power to sustain it. It is not a light suggestion
that, because the Representatives of the people in
the other wing of the Capitol choose to insist upon
a particular provision, even in the face of the Sen-
ate, consequences so dire are to be apprehended
as those with which we are threatened.
What I have said, has been simply for the pur-
pose that I might not be misunderstood in the
vote I propose to give. Having done that, and
having taken much more time to do it than may
seem necessary, I will say nothing further.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I must be
pardoned for a very brief explanation of my views
in regard to this question. I cannot assent to the
propriety of imposing upon an appropriation bill
amendments like those which have been inserted
by the House of Representatives, for reasons
which I shall proceed very briefly to state.
The first portion of the provision which the
Committee on Finance move to strike out, is that
none of the moneys appropriated by this bill shall
be expended in the execution of any of the enact-
ments of the Kansas Territorial Legislature; to
which is added a provision that the President of
the United States snail use the military force in the
Territory to preserve the peace, suppress insur-
rection, repel invasion, and protect persons and
property therein, and upon the national highways
in the Statue of Missouri and elsewhere, from un-
lawful seizures and searches. In other words,
to speak plainly, no part of the money is to be
expended in the execution of the laws of the land.
I ask Senator to bear in mind that it is a consti-
tutional injunction on the President to see to it
that the laws are faithfully executed. It is not
in the power of Congress to direct the President
hot to obey the Constitution, and his oath to sup-
port it. I suppose the answer to this position is,
that these enactments of Kansas are not laws,
otherwise you have no power to provide that the
President of the United States shall not perform
his duty under the Constitution according to his
oath.
The Constitution makes it the duty of the
President, in certain contingencies, to use the mil-
itary force of the country to suppress insurrection
and repel invasion. Can Congress pass a law to
direct the President not to obey his oath by sup-
pressing insurrection or repelling invasion with
the authority confided to his care by the Consti-
tution ? The point to which I ask the attention
of gentlemen is, that here is an attempt to de-
prive the President of the United States of the
power to obey the Constitution and fulfill the oath
which he took when he was inaugurated in his
high office.
Besides this provision, the clause goes on fur-
ther to make it the duty of the President, with
the Army, to preserve peace, suppress insurrec-
tion, repel invasion, and protect persons and
property in Kansas Territory. It is a proposi-
tion that martial law shall prevail in Kansas; that
there shall be no other law than the will of the
military officer in command; that a man shall
have no other rights in Kansas than the military
commandant shall choose to prescribe. The only
law to be enforced under this provision in the
Territory of Kansas is the military law, as ex-
pounded by the President and subordinate offi-
cers; for although the existing laws of the Terri-
tory are not directly repealed, it is expressly
provided that the President shall not enforce them.
What are these laws of the Territory which the
House of Representatives says shall not be en-
forced ? They are laws punishing men for mur-
der, for larceny, for robbery, for house-breaking,
for every crime usually named in criminal codes.
The House of Representatives have passed a pro-
vision, that murder shall not be punished in Kan-
sas—that men may steal, rob, and plunder, as
much as they [-'ease, and not be punished except
by the Army of the United States, in the hands
if the President. To them it is a matter of no
consequence, that the Constitution has said a man
shall not be tried except by a petit jury, on an
indictment found by a grand jury. They say,
'' Rather than alio w the trial by lury, as prescribed
by the Constitution and the laws—rather than
have any of the safeguards established by law,
we will direct the army to protect persons and
property, to preserve peace and order, and, of
course, to punish the Violators of order." How
punish them ? Punish them according to martial
law—shoot the murderer instead of hanging him
—have a drum-head court-martial instead of a
grand jury^any form of trial that may be usual
in the Army, although repugnant to the Consti-
tution of the United States, except as a military
regulation.
Now, sir, I ask Senators, are they prepared to
confer this power on the President of the United
States? For one, with all my respect for the
present Chief Magistrate, and my admiration of
his fidelity to the Constitution, to law, to the
cause of peace and order, I am not willing to re-
pose this much power in him, or in any other
man who may ever fill the presidential chair.
We are told by Senators on the other side, that
the President is a traitor, or, as it has been modi-
fied to mean, a traitor to one half the States of
this Union. While they complain that he is a
traitor to the States they represent, they propose
to put the rights, liberties, and property of their
fellow-citizens, all that is dear, in the hands of
that very Chief Magistrate. They propose that
the President's will shall be the law of Kansas
that there shall be no other law, no other rulMPT
action, no other means of protection, except the
President's will, enforced at the point of the bay-
onet. They propose it not only as to Kansas,
but as to the State of Missouri, and elsewhere on
the public highways. The clause says that the
President shall protect " persons ana property
therein, and on the national highways in th 
State of Missouri, and elsewhere, from unlawful
seizures and searches." What does this mean ?
It applies to the Missouri rive/, the Mississippi
river, the northern lakes, the gulf, the ocean, and
all navigable waters. If that be the mfianing,
how is this power of protecting the rights of per-
son and property to be exercised by the Chief
Magistrate? Is he to do it in conformity with
existinglaws ? If so, this provision is unneces-
sary. The laws of the land now protect persons
and property on the national highways; and if
those laws be violated, punishment is provided.
The civil and judicial officers are' charged with
the execution of those laws. If resistance is made
to those officers, the President is authorized and
required to use the military power of the Govern-
ment in the enforcement of the laws to protect the
rights of persons and property on all the national
highways. If, therefore, the object be to protect
those rights of person and property in conformity
with law, this provision is entirely nugatory and
useless; the inference is, that the President is,
irrespective of existing laws, to use the military
power to seize men upon the lakes, jyid upon the
rivers, disarm them, disperse them, without
issuing a writ or judicial process, or having the
