1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1103
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Hunter, Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
Camp near Lecompton, July 5,1856.
Dear Sir: We see, by the telegraphic dispatch to the
St. Louis Republican, that it is proposed m the Senate to
have a commission appointed by the President to take the
census and register the names of the voters, with a view to
form a new State constitution for Kansas. We wish simply
to sav to you and ouV friends in Congress that such a pro- ,
cecMng •">"* of coarse, result in a slave State constitution. !
The Missourians, if there should, be any necessity for
their being in Kansas, will be here both to have their names
registered and to vote. No one who has lived here for the
last year can doubt this. The people of Kansas have
formed a State constitution which is satisfactory to four
fifth* of the people, at their own expense. Trusting that
the friends of law and order, justice and humanity, in .
Congress and out of it, will insist upon the recognition of [
the 'l'opeka constitution as the only means of allowing tlie i
people to make their own laws, and of restoring peace to I
the people, we subscribe ourselves, \
Very respectfully, your persecuted fellow-citizens, j
GEORGE W. SMITH, !
CHARLES ROBINSON, j
GAIUS JENKINS,
G. W. BROWN,
JOHN BROWN, Jr., !
HENRY H. WILLIAMS.
Th^plau of Mr. Toombs, if adopted, will entomb the
cause of freedom in Kansas.
G. W. DEITZLER.
Hob. Hekrt Wilson.
I see nothing, Mr. President, in this proposi-
tion of the House of Representatives of a revolu-
tionary character—nothing illegitimate—nothing
improper or inconsistent. If it passes, all that it
will bring about will be this: the laws of that
Territory will remain, as they now are, in abey- 1
ance; the Army of the United States will not be i
used to enforce them; but the President will use |
the Army, as he professes to use it now, to pre- ;
serve the peace; and the arms that have been dis-
tributed to the marauding bands which have been |
armed by Wilson Shannon will be recalled, and j
law and order and peace will return to bless again !
the people of Kansas. j
The Senator from South Carolina told us to-day. i
that he did not intend to say anything offensive. ,
That Senator never intends to say anything offens-
ive; but he has a way of talking here about the
vast learning of certain gentlemen, with whom,
of course, he associates—how much they have
read; how much they know; how conservative
and respectable they are; how cool and calm they
always keep, while others are excited—and yet
■words bubble out—perhaps unconsciously to him |
—that cannot but be offensive to men wno have i
read quite as deeply as that Senator or his asso-
ciates—men who are quite as moderate and con-
servative as that Senator or his associates—men
who need not fear a comparison, as men of talents ;
and character, with him or his associates. j
The Senator from South Carolina talks about ;
the fanaticism of our section of the Union—the |
fanaticism of sixteen millions of people ! He !
talks about the speeches we make to excite and
madden the people. Sir, I can tell that Senator
that the people at home are much more excited
than we are. They understand this whole ques-
tion; they comprehend it; the Stalfe of Iowa has
just expressed her comprehension of it; other
States comprehend it, and they will express their
opinions at the proper time and proper place.
"Fanaticism" and "the miserable bonds that
bind us together," are not new phrases here.
They are not original with the Senator from
South Carolina. I find that a Mr. Butler, from
South Carolina, used such phrases in the First
Congress, and threatened to dissolve the Union.
They had no effect in the First Congress—they
will "have no effect now. The Union survived
the threats of the Senator from South Carolina in
the First Congress: " the miserable bonds that
bind us together" will not be broken by any
words that may be uttered here now.
Sir, if this amendment be made, and if the
House adhere to their bill as they sent it here,
and the Senate insists on making this amendment
and striking out this limitation, which the House
had a right to. make, I believe the country will
hold the Senate responsible for it. I am ready to
trust the fbuntry, and to take my full share of all
the responsibility that can attach to the most in-
flexible adherence to the iimitation incorporated
into the bill by the House of Representatives.
Mr. HUNTER. I arise for the purpose of
correcting the parliamentary law of the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden.] He made certain
assertions in regard to the English practice as to
tacking which struck me as extraordinary at the
time; but, not content with that, he applied to me
as knowing that the law was as he stated. I have
no doubt that he thought it to be what he stated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I appealed to the Sena- ;
tor as most learned in parliamentary law of any i
of us. I
Mr. HUNTER. I quote from one of the most
recent books, May's,on the subject, which says: .
" The constitutional power of the Commons to grant sup-
plies without any interference on the part of the Lords, has
occasionally been abused by tacking to bills of supply, en-
actments which, in another bill, would be rejected by the
Lords; but which, being joined to a bill that their lordships
have no right to amend, must either be suffered to pass un-
noticed, or cause the rejection of a measure highly neces- ;
sary for the public service. Such a proceeding is as great
an infringement of the privileges of the Lords, as the inter-
ference ol their lordships in matters of supply is of the priv-
ileges of the Commons, and has been resisted by protest,
by conference, and by the rejection-of the bills.
" On the 19th of December, 1702, it was ordered and de-
clared by the Lords, that annexing any clause or clauses to
bills of aid and supply, the matter of which is foreign to, and
different from, said bill of aid and supply, is unparliament-
ary, and tends to the destruction of tfec constitution."
Mr. CLAYTON. What book is that ?
Mr. HUNTER. Thomas Erskine May's. 1
■ Mr. FESSENDEN. How long ago was that j
decided ?
Mr. HUNTER. One_thousand seven hundred
and two. Mr. Hatsell says:
" Whenever this measure of tacking to a bill of supply is
attempted by the House of Commons, with an intention of
thereby compelling the Crown or the Lords to give their
assent to a bill which they would otherwise probably dis-
approve of jind reject, it is highly irregular, and is a breach
of those parliamentary rules and orders that have been
established by long and uniform practice between the two
i Houses, in the mode of passing bills. It is much to £e
: wished that every question which is brought either before
the House of Lords or Commons should be as simple and
as little complicated as possible. For this reason the pro-
ceeding, that is but too often practiced, of putting together
in the same bill clauses that have no relation to each other,
and the subjects of which are entirely different, ought to be
avoided. Even where the propositions are separately not
liable to objection in either House, the heaping together in
one law such a variety of unconnected and discordant sub-
jects is unparliamentary, and tends only to mislead and
confound those who have occasion to consult the statute-
book upon any particular point. But to do this in cases
I where it is known that one of the component parts of the
bill will be disagreeable to the Crown, or to the Lords, and
that, if it was sent up alone, it would not be agreed to—for
this reason, and with a view to secure the royal assent, or
the concurrence of the Lords, to tack it to a bill of supply,
I which the exigencies of the State make necessary—is a
; proceeding highly dangerous and unconstitutional. It tends
to provoke the other branches of the Legislature, in their
! turn, to depart from those rules to which they ought to be
restrained by the long and established forms of Parliament;
and can have no other effect than finally to introduce dis-
order and confusion."
Again, he says:
"The Lords, therefore, in their answer to the attempt
which was made by the Commons in 1699, replied with
great weight—
"The joining together, in a money bill, things so toially
foreign to the methods of raising money, and to the quan-
tity or qualification of the sums to be raised, is wholly
destructive of the freedom of debates, dangerous to the
privileges ofthe Lords, and to the prerogative of the Crown.
For by this means, things of the last ill consequence to the
nation may be brought into money bills, and yetneithei the
Lords nor the Crown be able to give theimegativc to them,
without hazarding the public peace and security."
| Now, sir, what I said was, when either House
sought to make the appropriation bills the means
i of forcing on another a measure which was ob-
noxious to it, in either alternative it was revo-
j lution in itself; that is to say, a change of con-
| stitution; for it forced the other House to yield
' its constitutional privileges in order to get the
Government along. It would be revolutionary
"if they failed to be coerced in this way, and
I stopped the wheels of the Government to compel
! them to do it; because it is their constitutional
duty to carry on tjiis Government, and respect
J the constitutxoifhl principles of the other branch,
i I know votes can be brought up in which I have
;! voted for legislative measures on the appropriation
:! bills. I have always believed that it was irregu-
lar, that it was improper; but I have never advo-
cated the doctrine of voting for it in one House
when known to be obnoxious to the other. But
even in regard to the tariff amendment of last
year, it will be found, by referring to the debate,
that I admitted then, that if it was obnoxious to
either House the other had no right to insist; and
consequently, when the Senate, out of abundant
caution, struck it out, against my vote I admit,
but struck it out in reference to some such con-
tingency as this, the House acceded to it, and ad-
mitted the propriety of doing so. I only urged
it upon the ground that it was agreeable to the
House, where it passed almost without reference
to party. If it were agreeable to the Senate, too,
and agreeable to all sides, I should not say there
was anything revolutionary or improper in the
act. But what is revolutionary, and what is im-
proper, in my estimation, is for one House to
attempt to use the appropriation bills to force on
the otner legislation which is obnoxious to it, to
make it give up its will, its views of propriety,
its feelings of what is right. The distinction is
obvious. I have never said that the mere act of
sending this provision here, if agreeable to us,
would be revolutionary in itself; but I say that
if, after we have shown our dissent to it, and de-
clared that it is not agreeable to us, they should
insist on it, and say we must either take it or
they will stop the wheels of Government, the act
would be revolutionary in itself, because it is
saying to us that we must give up those privileges
which belong to us.
W e have a right to judge in regard to this meas-
ure; and if they say we shall not judge, but must
adopt their opinions or they wiH stop the wheels
of Government, I ask if the propriety of such a
proceeding can be vindicated? There is only one
way in which it seems to me it may be vindicated,
and that is, that the measure itself is of so much
importance that it is justifiable to commit an act
of revolution in order to carry it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have a word to say in
reply to the Senator from Virginia. The authority
which he has read, 1 think, supports my opinion
instead of in any way militating against it. The
great question is, whether the proposition con-
tained in the portion of the bill proposed to be
stricken out, is or is not germane to the subject-
matter of the bill? The Senator assumes that it
is not germane, and thereupon he argues the im-
propriety of the provision. To prove his position
he reads authorities going to show that the House
have no right to tack an entirely distinct subject
matter to an appropriation bill If this proviso
had Ho connection with the subject-matter of the
bill, I might grant his position; it might be fac-
tious to a certain extent; but the proposition
which I maintain is, that the provision to which
the Committee on Finance objects and proposes
to strike out, is strictly germane to the subject-
matter of the bill. It is in regard to the employ-
ment of that very army for the support of which
we are providing in the bill under discussion at
"the present time. What I contended for was, that
the subjects were of entire relevancy, and inti-
mately connected with each other; that there was
no other mode in which the power "which raises
and grants money could protect itself, unless by
a dissolution of the Government, but by limiting
and restricting the mode in which the money
should be expended. *
' The honorable Senator admits that such has
been the common practice here, and admits that,
in a particular case, he voted to tack a bill for
raising revenue to a bill for appropriating revenue.
I saw no impropriety in that, and I see none now.
That has been the custom of the British Parlia-
j ment always. I do not know how it may be at
! a very recent period, but their custom has been,
j heretofore, to provide in the same bill for raising
revenue and the appropriation of it; that is to say,
when they grant a certain amount of money they
] provide how the money shall be raised. The two
j have gone together, and it is a very common
I thing. It is appropriate and proper. We do not
: d® it, because the Constitution gives the exclu-
sive power to the House of Representatives to
originate revenue bills, and we have power co-
ordinate with them to originate appropriation
i bills. The position which I assume is, in my
j judgment, in no way controverted by the author-
i ities the Senator has read. He and I take a dif-
I ferent view of the subject-matter. I think it is
perfectly appropriate and germane, and in fact
the only mode to which the other branch could
have recourse in order to effect a constitutional
1 and proper object in regard to the particular sub-
1 ject on which they were acting. '
Now, sir, the other House will have as much
reason to complain of us, and to say that we desire
i to disorganize the Government, or revolutionize
