1956.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1105
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Douglas, Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
had before assumed: it shows a willingness on !|
the part of the members of that body to compro- I
miscthis matter, to yield something to the opinions
of the Senate and to do something for suffering
Kansas—a disposition which I shall rejoice to see
manifested on the part of the majority of the
members of this body.
The members of the House are not to be re-
proached with backing down from their position
because, when they find it impracticable to carry j
out their views, they are willing to abate some-
thing of what they think would be strictly proper.
It is the part of every statesman and patriot,
when he sees that he cannot carry a measure
vbich he believes to be the very best for his
country, because others differ with him, to abate
aomething of his own opinions, *nj agree upon
the best measure which it is practicable to attain.
It saTors of dogmatism and impracticability on
the part of any man, to set up his opinion as
absolutely right, and to refuse to agree to any
measure unless it exactly corresponds with his
own views. I rejoice, in my heart, that no such
spirit rules in the House of Representatives; and
that, although they are not able to pass into a
law their favorite measure, they are willing to
sacrifice and forego much of personal feeling and
individual opinions, in order to accomplish soine- ,
thing for the relief of the inhabitants of Kansas.
But not satisfied with a review of the bill now
before the Senate, my colleague takes up and
comments upon another bill which has been sent
herefrom the HouSe, and is now before the Com- ,
mittee on Territories. He seeks to find fault with
that bill, and to charge upon a certain party that
they have passed it. That bill is not before the
Senate, ana the discussion upon it did not strike
me as appropriate to the question now under con-
sideration. When the bill shall come up, I shall
be prepared to go for or against it upon its merits.
I am free to say that I am prepared to go for it,
at the sacrifice, even, of many of my individual
views, if I can see that its passage will be likely
to pacify Kansas. I am not to be driven from the
support of what I believe to be a just and patri-
otic measure by taunts of inconsistency or back-
ing down.
We are asked why, in that bill, provision is
not made for legislating out of office the corrupt
judges that are in Kansas ? • I understand that the
"bill upon which the Senator commented so long,
does provide for reorganizing the Territory. It
treats the Kansas-Nebraska act, passed two years
ago, as if it had never been passed. It ignores
it. It goes on and makes a provision for the or-
ganization of Kansas Territory, providing for the
appointment of a Governor and judges and other
officers, and the calling of a Legislature without
scarce a reference to the proceedings of the bogus
Legislature which sat there. It does not mention
the present Governor, and I suppose the effect of
it will be to turn out of office all the officers that |
are there under the United State3, and all others,
unless some provision is made for their tempo-
rary continuance. That is often done, even with
a bad set of men. Why, sir, need I tell my col-
league that you cannot always eradicate an evil
at once, and that it is sometimes as difficult, and
takes as long to remove a sore from the body-
politic as from the human body? Admitting that
the officers in Kansas are all usurpers, that he
and I both believe it, it may be better that they
should be continued for a day, or a month, or
until the people can assemble together and ap-
point <miers, rather than at once to turn them out
of office. I do not think, in this case, that they
should be continued a moment. I believe it would
be better to discharge them at once; but that is a !
question about which persons may differ. There
may be a corrupt judge whom you cannot get rid
of in a moment. I will not say that the judges
in Kansas are corrupt; but I think of one of them,
under whose instructions indictments for treason
have been found, that he sadly misapprehends his
duty, or is a very dishonest man. It is admitted
here, by Senators sustaining the territorial organ-
ization in Kansas, that the indictments for con-
structive treason cannot be maintained. The
political friends of the judges admit it.
A provision is read from the Kansas territorial
acts to prove that there is a militia organized in
that Territory which will be disarmed under the !
New Series—No. 70.
provisions of this bill. That there is a pretended
militia, nobody denies. The position which I
took was, not that they had not pretended to
organize a militia, but that there was no legally
organized militia in the Territory. I deny the
validity of every act, and every part and parcel of
the proceedings, of that Territorial Legislature. I
believe they are all void, and that all action taken
under them is void. But it does not necessarily
follow, although I so believe, that I might not
agree to pass a law to give validity to some of
them. It may be better to give validity *o the
acts done by a usurper than to undo them* "W hen-
ever a country is overrun by a foreign enemy,
and that enemy imposes, temporarily, unjust and
unconstitutional laws upon the conquered people,
it may be better for the peace of the conquered
country, when it shall have resumed its independ-
ence, not to disturb, for a time, the unjust laws
Scinch have been forced upon it.
It was further stated by my colleague, that the
only laws which the House thinks ought not to be
enforced, are the criminal laws. This is not so.
The bill makes no Such distinction; but it does
provide that the Army is not to be used for the
enforcement of any of the laws of this Territorial
Legislature—not only criminal, but civil. It is a
misapprehension of the bill when it is stated that
it is only the criminal laws that the House of
Representatives seek not to have enforced. A
great deal has been said about the murders, and
robberies, and larcenies, that have been committed
in the Territory. Why, sir, the men who are
arrested and in chains in Kansas, are not there
for any such offenses. The investigating com-
mittee which went to Kansas, and looked into j
this question, tell us that there never has been but [
one man arrested for murder in the Territory, and j
that was before this present difficulty occurred, i
While the laws which my colleague thinks are
protections against murders and robberies, and all
sorts of crimes, are having all the force which
the strong arm of power can give them, not a
human being has ever been arrested in the Terri-
tory for murder—except a man by the name of
Clark or McRea, I do not remember which. The
one killed the other, about a land claim, and was
arrested,but has since escaped. The investigating
committee state this fact; but the men who are
in chains are in chains for what ? On charge of ,
constructive treason, or for political offenses, and j
not for murders or thefts or robberies! The 1
whole power which is now being executed by the
officials in Kansas is Exercised for the enforce-
ment of laws against political offenders or for acts
growing out of political offenses, such as a refusal
to aid a pretended sheriff in executing process
against persons charged with political offenses.
They afford no protection to the people against
the commission of crimes which my colleague
has detailed. Not the least.
I But an allusion is made to the stories which
' are manufactured in Kansas, and it is said many
: misrepresentations are sent forth from that Ter-
ritory. I do not doubt it, sir. When from the
' beginning of the world, in troublous times, was
it ever otherwise ? I have no doubt that many
' things are misrepresented, exaggerated, and mis-
understood throughout the country, in reference
to affairs in Kansas; but the great facts relating
to the condition of that Territory are well under-
stood.
My colleague speaks of their shrieks for free-
dom being reused, and ridicules the idea of shrieks
for freedom. Sir, the cry for freedom is to me a
holy cry. I love to hear it. I love to hear anv
people proclaim that they desire to be free. A
nobler sentiment never fell from the lips of man
than that uttered by Patrick Henry, when he
said, " Give me liberty, or give me death!" But
I am not surprised that my colleague is offended
at these " shrieks for freedom," as he calls them.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Does my colleague merxn to
intimate that I used the words, " shrieks focj free-
dom ?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. He does?
Mr. TRUMBULL. In your rerjarks to-day
you used the words.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Does my 'colleague state,
I on his veracity, that I used the/words " shrieks
! for freedom?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. I took down the words,
" shrieks for freedom," and understood my col-
league to use them. I am quite sure he did; but
I shall not impute them to him if he says he did
not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Persons around me say no
such allusion was made. It came into my mind
once, but I did not use it, because I knew it
would be made ridiculous on the other side of the
House. But my colleague may make the most
of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am quite sure my col-
league used the words; but I shall not persist in
charging him with them. Sometimes words drop
from us unconsciously in the heat of debate. It
is enough for me, if my colleague did not intend
to use the words.
My colleague also stated that it had been urged
by me, upon a former occasion, that a fair elec-
tion could not take place in the Territory of Kan-
sas with the present officers—sheriffs, justices of
the peace, constables, &c.—in power. I did make
that statement. I thought so then, and I think
so still. I think the persons in power there,
having in their hands the means of enforcing laws
which are obnoxious to the great mass of the
people, having power to arrest men who have
committed no crime, and a disposition to use it,
will prevent a fair election. But then he says
your bill, or some bill from which he reads, pro-
vides for continuing these officers in power. I
admit that, too. I do not expect to have every-
thing my way in reference to Kansas. I believe
the officers should be Inlrled instantly out of
power; but a majority of the Senate think other-
wise. Perhaps we might compromise by leaving
them in power for thirty days or six months. I
will not say that I will not agree to it. I would
regret to vote for it; but show me the way to
restore peace to Kansas without violating my
duty to the Constitution and the country, without
committing some great wrong, and I will readily
give up all minor differences, and unite with you
most heartily and gladly in the work.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will not prolong this de-
bate, but there are one or two points which I
must be permitted to notice. My colleague as-
serts that there is a law now on the statute-book
to authorize the punishment of all these crimes
in Kansas in the event that this bill should pass.
I wish to know from my colleague what statute
he alludes to?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will restate my position.
I took two, or rather three positions. In the first
place, I insisted that the act of Congress, chapter
nine, 1790, provided that " if any person or per-
sons shall, within any fort, arsenal, dock-yard,
magazine, or in any other place or district of coun-
try under the sole and exclusivejurisdiction of the
United States, commit the crime of willful mur-
der, such person or persons, on being thereof
i convicted, shall suffer death."
Upon that law I insisted that, if Kansas had
! not been organized, and the Territorial Legisla-
ture was a fraud, as I supposed, it was a district
of country under the exclusive control of Con-
! gress, and occupying the same position which it
did before any pretended Legislature met, and this
law was applicable. That is one reason. If I
! am wrong in that, and a Territorial Legislature
! has met, the territorial laws by this bill, if they
j ever had any force, are not abolished, but merely
j the power to employ or pay troops to enforce
, them is prohibited. If both these grounds are
| wrong, I then stated that the laws in force in the
Louisiana Territory when we acquired it, are in
force to-day in Kansas, except so far as they
may have been repealed by the organic act; and
by it there are judges there, before whom the
laws in force in the Louisiana Territory when we
acquired it can be carried into effect, except that
law which is expressly repealed in the organic
act in regard to the establishment of slavery.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have looked at this law of
1790, and I say it does not apply, and my col-
league does not pretend that he himself woul.d
apply it to an organized Territory. It clearly
applies to the dock-yards, forts, arsenals, and
places of that kind under the exclusive jurisdic-
tion of the United States; but certainly not to a
Territory that has been organized. My colleague
does not insist that it applies to an organized
