1106
appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—'Mr. Trumbull, Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
Territory. The moment Kansas became an or-
ganized Territory, it ceased to be under our ex-
clusive jurisdiction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to ask my col-
league a question. What was the condition of it
before that act was carried into effect by the meet-
ing of any Legislature? Was there no law in
force ?
Mr. DOUGLAS The effect was this: it had
been set apart by act of Congress as Indian coun-
try. The portion occupied by Indians was ex-
cluded from the organized Territory, aiTd the rest
thrown open to settlement. The Indian inter-
course laws excluded all other laws. That is in
answer to his position about the laws of Louisi-
ana, of which he speaks; because, when it was
organized into an Indian country, and set apart
as such under, the Indian intercourse laws, all
others were excluded.' They do not apply to
white persons, except such as are provided for
in the Indian intercourse law, and that applies
only to country then in possession of the Indians.
Hence every foot of country in Kansas which is
open to settlement, where a white man can go,
is exempted from the Indian intercourse law, and
has no other municipal law than the organic act
of Kansas, and the enactments of the Kansas Le-
gislature. That portion which still remains in
the possession of the Indians, by the bill is ex-
empted from the Territory, and forms no part of
it until by treaty with the Indians it shall be
placed under the jurisdiction of the Territory.
Then it is clear that there is no law'in Kansas for
the punishment of murder, larceny, robbery, and
that class of crimes,'except the territorial laws
enacted by the Legislature of Kansas; and if this
bill be passed as it is, it leaves those crimes un-
punished.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will my colleague allow
me to request him to refer me to that law which
abolishes all other laws in the Indian country—
the Indian intercourse law ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Indian intercourse law
applies only to country in the possession of the
Indians, and has been decided never to exist in
a country that is not occupied by the Indians. It
applies only to Indian lands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator does not
quite comprehend the idea. My question was,
would he be kind enough to refer me to that stat-
ute ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have not the Indian inter-
course law before me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The other question is not
comprehended by my colleague. It is, what was
the condition of Kansas, that part of it outside of
the Indian country, between the time of the pas-
Beige of the organic act and the meeting of the
Legislature? More than a year intervened be-
tween them, and what was the condition of the
people then ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. They had no other law than
the organic act of the Territory. Hence it is
that there has been so much complaint, and
justly, of Governor Reeder, for waiting from the
time of the passage of the act in May, until Octo-
ber, before he went to organize the Territory, and
waiting until March before an election, and the
next July before he called the Legislature together.
They were left without law, and that is the reason
why he has been condemned, first, by the Oppo-
sition and then by us; and the condemnation has
been universal for leaving the people so long
■without law. It may be answered, that thete
was scarcely any people there, that population
was just coming in, and that there was no strife,
and it so happened that very little crime was
committed. Now it is proposed to restore them
back to the position of having no law punishing
crime, and leaving them there, probably an equal
length of time, when there are disturbances in the
Territory. I think my colleague will ascertain,
and every gentleman will find upon examination,
that the proposition here is to aismiss all those
prosecutions, and to deliver the jails of murderers
and turn them free.
I cannot admit, as my colleague states, that
but one man has ever been arrested there for
jnurder. It may be that the investigating com-
mittee has so stated; but, sir, there have been
sufficient exposures made of that report to destroy
the credit of it, or of the facts or statements made
in it. To-day, in this letter of Martin White, the
dead man, who came to life and wrote this letter,
he tells you that he himself, with a small party,
arrested fifteen murderers within two weeks, and
had them under arrest for trial. This general
amnesty is to dismiss from jail fifteen murderers,
fifteen Abolitionists, who went and murdered
these persons, cut off their heads, cut open their
hearts, and mutilated their bodies. Will it be
admitted thai this proviso is put in this bill for
the special benefit of these fifteen Abolitionists
who committed that crime, and are now under
arrest? It is no commendation to me that they
are Abolitionists. I care not whether they are
Abolitionists, free-State men, or pro-slavery men,
or what creed they profess; they ought to be
hanged for that inhuman crime.
But my colleague says the bill from the House
of which we are speaking does not repeal the
criminal code in Kansas Territory—that it only
says the criminal code shall not be executed. So
much the worse, sir. The fear to repeal it shows
the conviction that it is right. The omission to
execute it is to save the criminal under it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume my colleague
does not mean to misrepresent me. I did not
mean to say that this provision declared it should
not be executed, but that the United States troops
should not be employed in executing it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then my colleague is entire-
ly at fault again. The bill of the House provides
—I am speaking of the bill from the House on
which I made my speech 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am speaking of the
other bill—the one before the Senate.
Mr.DOUGLAS. I am speaking of the bill from
the House, because I take the action of the House
together, and intend to make it all one proceed-
ing; and that provides that the present indict-
ments for crime shall be dismissed, and that no
new indictments shall be found for the crimes
specified in the Kansas code. That is the propo-
sition; and we must, when we are making up an
issue between the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives, upon'which the appropriation bills
must fail, look into all the action of the House
upon the same subject, in order to see what the
effect of our action here is to be upon the fate of
the country. It matters not, therefore, that my
colleague confined his examinations to the one
amendment to this bill. So much the more ob-
jectionable. He should examine the whole of
that legislation proposed by the House, and put
the whole of their statutes together as a system,
and see what the result will be under that sys-
tem.
My colleague is also greatly in error in saying
that this bill from the House, which he says he
will vote for, although objectionable, entirely
ignores the Kansas-Nebraska act as if it had
never been passed. Sir, he has not read the bill
which he proposes to vote for. I am sure he
never read that bill, or he never would have made
that statement. You will see that the twenty-
fourth section of it says that" so much of the
fourteenth section of the Kansas-Nebraska act as
reads as follows, is hereby repealed." It is not
the whole law that is repealed, but so much of
one section as follows. The twenty-fifth section
provides that " all acts or parts octets which are
inconsistent with the present act are repealed,"
showing that the residue of the original act is
left in force. Hence it does not propose to blot
out the whole original act, but only so much of
it as is inconsistent with this second bill, leav-
ing the Kansas-Nebraska act as thus amended
in force, leaving the territorial laws in force with
a provision, that the civil law, and all relative to
persons and property shall be executed, except
—what is the exception ?—-except the criminal
code that hangs these murderers, andputs in the
penitentiary thieves and robbers. _ The House
of Representatives say those provisions shall not
be executed by the courts, nor shall the Army be
used for that purpose. That is the exception.
It is a provision calculated, if not intended, to
exempt certain noted murderers and robbers from
punisnment. I hope that it is not to be done
merely because the evidence is furnished here
that they constituted a gang of Abolitionists who
murder free-State men as well as pro-slavery men,
provided they will not join the gang. I repeat,
then, that the proposition is not to blot out the
organic law in toto, much less blot out the legis-
lation of Kansas in toto. That they leave in force,
with the condition that certain provisions shall
not be executed. I say,therefore,that the effect
of their action must be to leave the innocent un-
protected, and protect the guilty who have per-
petrated these crimes. In view of that, we pro-
pose to pass the bill which the Senate passed
before, which annuls the obnoxious laws, and
leaves the good and wise ones in force; leaves in
force those which the House have declared ought
to be executed in addition to those other laws
which punish the crimes to which I have alluded.
One word in reply to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr Wilson,] and then I shall have
done. He tells us that his party must not be
held responsible for this territorial act. Why
not? Because he said it originated with a man
outside of his party. That may be so, or it may
not be so. If it did originate with a man outside
of his party, every one of his party, according to
my recollection, in the House, adopted it. Is
there any solitary man in the House, of Repre-
sentatives who voted for the Topeka constitution,
and then voted against this bill ? You acknowl-
edge that those who voted for the admission of
Kansas with the Topeka constitution constitute
yo\ir party. Theyare the same men who passed
the bill, with perhaps a few additions. But the
Senator from Massachusetts, in order to avoid
the responsibility of his own friends, and his own
party, says they must not be held responsible for
the action of the House of Representatives, be-
cause they have not a majority there! If you had
not a majority,how did you elect your Speaker?
How did you pass the bill admitting Kansas with
the Topeka constitution, if you had not a major-
ity? How did you get these obnoxious provis-
ions in the Army appropriation bill, if you were
not in a majority there?
Mr. WADE. By the aid of a few righteous
men outside.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If you get a few men out-
side of your party to aid you, and do your work,
you must not disavow their acts. It is enough
that all your men voted for it, and perhaps a few
outsiders. You must take the responsibility,
when you all went for it. You cannot excuse
yourselves because afew outsiders join you, whose
sympathies were more with you than with the
Democracy of the country.
Under these circumstances, I hold that your
party is justly responsible for that act, which they
have passed and sent here. It has been voted by
your party as their last measure. They have
abandoned their Topeka plan in order to go for
this. When we shall have passed it, how are
they going to insure a fair election in the Terri-
tory ? They omit in that bill all the provisions
which guaranty a fair election; they omit those
provisions which require a registry of voters and
the exclusion of all illegal voters, and thrust it
open as much to invasion by the emigrant aid
society on the one side, as the Missourians on
the otner, as they say the original act did. What
reason have you to suppose that that bill will
remedy the difficulty ? Tne act which we have
passed provides against all those frauds, leaves
the good laws in force, repeals the obnoxious
ones, and guaranties a fair election, and hence
will restore peace to the Territory, by doing
justice to all parties in the Territory. I will not
trouble the Senate further.
The Senate proceeded to take the voteby yeas
and nays, on the amendment of the Crnnmittee
on Finance. During the call of the roll the fol-
lowing explanations were made:
Mr. CLAY. I wish to state that my colleague
[Mr. Fitzpatrick] has paired off with Governor
Fish, of New York, at his instance and request,
he being sick.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope I may be indulged m
saying, on behalf of my colleague, that he is very
unwell, and obliged to remain at home. Gov-
ernor Fitzpatrick is in the same condiuon, and
they have agreed to pair off. .
Mr. PRATT. Would he vote against this
proposition ? ,
Mr. SEWARD. Governor Fish would vote
against this amendment if he were here. I am
authorized by him to say so.
