1856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
1107
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Kansas Affairs—Mr. Allen, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Butler, Mr. Seward.
Senate.
Mr. ALLEN. I voted against the Nebraska
bill, and against the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise, and I have not since seen any cause to
regret the votes which I gave on those occasions.
I cannot consent, however, to sustain the propo-
sition attached by the House of Representatives
to the bill making the necessary appropriations
for the military forces of the country.
Mr. STUART. Before the result is announced,
•I ask the indulgence of the Senate to state in
behalf of my colleague, [Mr. Cass,] that he is
necessarily absent from the Senate to-day. He
wished me to state that, if he were here, he
would vote for the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUTLER. Perhaps it is due to my col-
league, [Mr. Evans,] for me to say that he is in
sudi ill health that he has not been able te re-
main here. If he were here, he would add to the
majority to sustain this amendment.
The result was announced as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennes-
see, Biggs, Bright, Brodbead, Butler, Clay, Clayton, Doug-
las, Geyer, Hunter^Iverson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Mai lory, Mason, Pratt, Pugb, Reid, Sebastian, Sli-
dell, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New
Jersey, VVeller, Wright, aud Yulee—29.
NAYS — Messrs. Collamer, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
HariaD, Seward, TrambuH, Wade, and Wilson—9.
So the amendment was agreed to. The bill
was reported to the Senate as amended, and the
amendment was concurred in, and ordered to be
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time.
On its passage, Mr. SEWARD called for the
yeas and navs; and they were ordered.
Mr. SE\VARD. Mr. President, this is a bill
appropriating about twelve millions of dollars, to
defray the expenses of the military establishment
of the United States, for the ensuing fiscal year.
Its form and effect are those which distinguish a
general appropriation bill for the support of the
Army, such as is annually passed by Congress.
Only one exception to it, as it came to the Senate
from the House of Representatives, has been
taken here. It contains what is practically an
inhibition of the employment of the Army of the
United States, by the President, to enforce the
so-called laws of the alleged Legislature of the
Territory of Kansas. The Senate regards that
inhibition as an obnoxious feature, and has, by
what is called an amendment, proposed to strike
it from the bill, overruling therein my vote; and
the Senate now proposes to pass the bill thus
altered here, and to remit it to the House of Rep-
resentatives, for concurrence in the alteration.
In the hope that that House will insist on the pro-
hibition which has been disapproved here, and
that the Senate will, in case of conflict,ultimately
recede, I shall vote against the passage of the bill
in its present shape.
In submitting my reasons for this course, I
have little need to tread in the several courses of
argument which have been opened by distin-
guished Senators who have gone before me in this
debate. Certainly, however, t shall attempt to
emulate the examples of the honorable Senators
from Virginia and South Carolina, [Mr. Hunter.
and Mr. Butler,] by avoiding remarks in any
degree personal, because, on an occasion of suck
grave importance, although I may not be able to
act with wisdom, I am sure I can so far practice
s«lf-cQntrol as to debate with decency, ana deport
myself with dignity. I shall neither defend nor
arraign any political party, because I should vote
on this occasion just as I am now going to vote,
if not merely one of the parties, but all of the
parties in the country stood arrayed against me.
I shall not reply to any of the criticisms which
have been bestowed upon the inhibition proposed
by the House of Representatives, nor shall I at-
tempt to reconcile that inhibition with other bills,
which have been passed by the House of Repre-
sentatives. and sent to this House for concurrence.
I shall not even stop to vindicate my own con-
sistency of action in regard to the Territory of
Kansas; because, first, I am not to assume that
whatnow seems an opening disagreement between
the Senate and the House of Representatives,
will ripen into a case of decided conflict; and be-
cause, secondly, if it shall so ripen, then there
will be time for argument at every stage of the
disagreement; white iw entire progress and con-
summation will necessarily be searchingly re-
viewed throughout the length and breadth of the
country, and the conflict itself will thereafter
stand a landmark for all time in the history of
the Republic. I shall endeavor to confine myself
closely to the questions which are immediately
involved, at this hour, in a debate which, in the
event which has been apprehended, will survive
all existing interests and all living statesmen.
The prohibition of the employment of the
Army to enforce alleged statutes in Kansas,
whicn the House of Representatives proposes,
and which the Senate disapproves, grows out of
the conflict of opinion whicn divides the Senate
unequally, which divides the House of Repre-
sentatives itself nearly equally, and which, if the
prohibition itself expresses the opinron of a ma-
jority of that House, separates it from the Senate
and from the President of the United States. It
is manifestly a conflict which divides the country
by a parallel of latitude. In this conflict, one
party maintains, as I do, that the legislation, and
the Territorial Legislature itself, of Kansas, are
absolutely void. The other party, on the con-
trary, insists that the legislation and the Legis-
lature of the Territory of Kansas are valid, and
must remain so until they shall be constitution-
ally superseded or abrogated.
The Senator fro'm Virginia [Mr. Hunter] ar-
gues that the act of the House of Representatives,
in inserting the prohibition in this bill, is revolu-
tionary, and that persistence in it would effect a
change of the Constitution of the Government.
I refrain from arguing that question elaborately
now, because, while I am satisfied, from my
knowledge of the temper and habit of the Senate,
that it is likely enough to adhere to the course
which it has indicated, I am at the same time by
no means so certain that the House of Represent-
atives will not ultimately recede from the ground
which, by the act of a bare majority, at all times
unreliable during the present session, it has as-
sumed. I speak with the utmost respect towards
the House of Representatives, and with entire
confidence in the patriotic motives of all its mem-
bers; but I must confess that, in all questions
concerning freedom and slavery in the United
States, I have seen'Houses of Representatives,
when brought into conflict with the Senate of the
United States, recede too often and retreat too far
to allow me to assume that in this case the present
House of Representatives will maintain the high
position it has assumed with firmness and perse-
verance to the end. I saw a House of Repre-
sentatives, in 1850, which was delegated and
practically pledged to prohibit the extension of
slavery within the unorganized Territories of the
United States, then newly acquired from Mexico,
refuse to perform that great duty, and enter into
a compromise, which, however intended, practi-
cally led to the abandonment of all those Terri-
tories to universal desecration by slavery. I saw
a House of Representatives, in 1854, forget the
sacred reverence for freedom of those by whom
it was constituted, and abrogate the time-honored
law under which the Territories of Kansas and
Nebraska had until that time remained safe, amid
the wreck which followed the unfortunate com-
promise of 1850, and thus prepare the way for
that invasion by slavery of all that yet remained
for the sway of freedom in the ancient domain of
Louisiana, which has since taken place in Kan-
sas.
Sir, ever since I adopted for myself the policy
of opposing the spread of slavery in the train of
our national banner, consecrated to equal and uni-
versal freedom, my hopes have been fixed, not
on existing Presidents, Senates, or Houses ofRep-
resentatives, but on future Presidents and future
Congresses—and my hopes and faith grow strong-
er and stronger, as eacn succeeding President,
Senate, and House of Representatives, fails to
adopt and establish that policy, so eminently
constitutional and conservative. My hopes and
my faith thus grow on disappointment, because I
see that by degrees, which are marked, although
the progress seems slow, my countrymen, who
alone create Presidents and Congresses, are com-
ing to apprehend the wisdom and justice of that
; beneficent policy, and to accept it. The short-
j comings of the present House of Representatives
! do not discourage me. I do not even hold that
body, responsible. I know how, in the very midst
of the canvass in which its members were elected,
the public mind was misled, and diverted to the
discussion of false and fraudulent issues concern-
ing the principles and policy of the Church of
Rome, and the temper, disposition, and conduct
of aliens incorporated into the Republic. But
although I hold the present House of Represent-
atives excusable, I must, nevertheless, in assign-
ing its true character, be allowed to say of it, that
it is lite the moon, which presents abroad sur-
face, all smooth and luminous when seen at a
distance, but covered with rough and dark mount-
ains when brought near to the eye by the tele-
scope. I shall vote, therefore, on this occasion,
with the House of Representatives, against a
majority of the Senate, careless whether that
House itself shall, like other Houses of Repre-
sentatives which have gone before it, renounce
and repudiate its own decision which I thus sus-
tain, and complaisantly range itself, with the
Senate and the President of the United States,
against myself and those Senators who shall have
gone with me to its support.
Mr. President, the subject under consideration
is legitimately within the jurisdiction of Con-
gress, and consequently within the jurisdiction
of the House of Representatives. There must
be authority somewhere to decide whether the
Territorial Legislature of Kansas is a legal and
constitutional body, and whether its statutes are
valid. The President of the United States has
no authority to decide those questions definitely,
because the decision involves an act of sovereign
legislation within the constitutional sphere of
Congress. The Judiciary cannot decisively de-
termine those questions, because their own de-
terminations, in such a case, may be modified or
reversed, and set aside by constitutional legisla-
tive enactment, and because the judiciary has no
power to apply the means necessary to give effect
to its decisions.
The subject is an actual government of the
Territory of Kansas, to be established and main-
tained by constitutional laws. All legislative
power over Kansas, as well as all legislative
power whatever permitted By the Constitution of
the United States, is vested in Congress, and of
course in the House of Representatives, codrdi-
nately with the Senate, and subject to a veto of
the President. The House of Representatives
may constitutionally pass a bill abrogating the
pretended legislation and Legislature of Kansas,
or declaring them to be already absolutely void.
The greater includes the less. The House of
Representatives may, therefore, lawfully pass a
bill prohibiting the employment of the Army of
the United States in executing laws in Kansas,
which it deems pernicious, no matter by whom
those laws were made.
Since the House of Representatives has power
to pass such a bill distinctly, it has power, also,
to place an equivalent prohibition in any bill
which it has constitutional power to pass. And
so it has a constitutional right to place the pro-
hibition in the annual Army appropriation bill.
I grant that this mode of reaching the object
proposed is in some respects an unusual one, and
in some respects an inconvenient one. It is not,
therefore, however, an unconstitutional one, or
even necessarily a wrong one.
It is a right one, if it is necessary to effect the
object desired, and if that object is one that is in
itself just, and eminently important to the peace
and happiness of the country, or to the security
of the liberties of the people. The House of
Representatives, moreover, is entitled to judge
ana determine for itself, whether the proceeding
is thus necessary, and whether the object of it is
thus important. It is true that the Senate may
dissent from the House, and refuse to concur in
the prohibition. In that case, each of the two
Houses exercises an independent right of its own,
and upon its own proper responsibility to the
people. If the conflict shall continue to the end,
and the bill therefore shall fail, the people will
decide between the two Houses, in the elections
which will follow, and they will take care to bring
them to an agreement in harmony with the pop-
ular decision.
The proceeding in the present case is thus
necessary, and its object i  thus important. Pre-
