1110
appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 7,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Seward.
Senate.
court and such a judge, that the Constitution of
the United States declares, directly and explicitly,
that treason against the United States shall con-
sist only in levying war against them, or in
adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and
comfort?
Thus you see, Senators, that the executive au-
thority, not content with simple oppression, has
seized upon the judiciary, and corrupted and de- j
graded it, for the purpose of executing those pre- j
tended and intolerable laws of Kansas.^ The j
judge who presides in the territorial courts is a :
creature of the President of the United States, '
and holds his office by the tenure of executive
pleasure. While the sword of executive power
js converted in Kansas into an assassin's dagger, 1
the ermine of justice is stained with the vilest of
contaminations. What cause is there for sur-
prise, then, in the administration of government
in Kansas, under such laws, and in a manner so
intolerable, that a civil war has been brought
about by affidavits, an armed force has been em-
ployed in executing process for contempt, and
an unauthorized and illegal detachment is enrolled
in the service of the United States, and employed
in abating domestic, social, and political institu-
tions, unaerthe name of nuisances? What won-
der is it that a city has bgen besieged with fire
and sword, because it was supposed to contain ,
within its dwellings individuals who denied the ,
legality and obligation of the pretended laws ? j
What wonder that a State, a provisional State, |
erected in harmony with the Constitution and J
•with custom, and waiting our assent for ad mis- ;
sion into the Union, has been subverted by a ,
mingled process of indictments and martial de- ,
monstrations against constructive treason? Who
can fail to see through the cloud which executive
usurpation and judicial misconstruction have
raised, for the purpose of covering these trans-
actions in Kansas, that it is devotion to freedom
which alone constitutes any crime in that Terri-
tory, in the view of its judges, its ministerial
officers, and of the President of the United States ?
And that that crime, in whatever it may be com-
mitted, in their judgment, constitutes treason ?
Who does not see that devotion to freedom, ap-
plauded in all the world besides, in Kansas is a
crime to be expiated with death ?
I have argued thus far, Mr. President, from
the nature of the pretended laws of Kansas, and
from the cruel and illegal severity with which
they are executed. I shall draw my next argu-
ment from the want of constitutional authority
on the part of the Legislature which enacted these
laws. The report of the Kansas investigating
committee of the House of Representatives, con-
sisting of the evidence of witnesses, numbered
by hundreds, and biased against the conclusion
at which the House of Representatives has ar-
rived, has established the fact upon which I
insisted in opening this debate on the 9th of April
last, that the Legislature of Kansas was chosen,
not by the people, but by an armed invasion from |
adjoining States, which seized the ballot-boxes, j
usurped the elective franchise, and by fraud and J
force organized a government; thereby subverting I
the organic law, and the authority of the United
States. Sir, at another time, and under different
circumstances, a single invader, after the manner
adopted by Colonel William Walker, in Nicar- j
agua, might have entered the Territory of Kansas j
•with an armed force, and established a successful !
usurpation there. Let me suppose that he had j
done so, and had promulgated these identical stat- j
utes in the name of the Territory of Kansas: ;
would you hold, would the Senate hold, would >
the President of the United Statesr hold, that such j
a government, thus established, was a legal one,
and that statutes thus ordained were valid and j
obligatory? That is the present case. It differs
only in this: that in the case supposed, there is a
single conqueror, only one local and reckless
usurper; while in thecaseof Kansas,an associated
band are the conquerors and usurpers.
The Territorial Legislature of Kansas stands on
the foundations of fraud and force. It attempts to
draw over itself the organic law enacted in 1854,
but it is equally subversive of the liberties of
the people of Kansas, and of that organic law,
and of the authority of the United States.^ The
Legislature and territorial government of Kan-
I sas stand on no better footing than a coup d'etat,
j a revolution. When honorable Senators from the
i other side of this Chamber tell me that I am
' leading the people of Kansas into revolution, I
| fearlessly reply to them, that they have stood
■ idly by, ana seen a revolution effected there.
Doubtless they have acted with a sincerity of
1 purpose and patriotism equal to my own. They
\ see the facts and the tendency of events, in a
light different from that in which these facts and
transactions present themselves to me. They
therefore insist upon maintaining that revolution,
and giving it the sanction of Congress, by author-
izing the standing Army of the United States to
exepute the laws which that revolution has pro-
mulgated. The House of Representatives, on
the contrary, denounces the revolution, and
stands upon the authority of the United States;
and, for the purpose of putting an end to that
revolution and restoring Federal authority, insists
that these pretended laws shall not be executed.
In this great controversy I leave the majority of
the Senate, and take my stand by the side of the
House of Representatives.
You warn me that, if we do not recognize these
revolutionary authorities in Kansas, the Terri-
tory will be without an organized state at al!,
and will relapse into anarchy. The House of
Representatives meets you boldly on that issue,
and replies, that if there are not laws in force,
exclusive of these pretended statutes, adequate
to the purposes of civil government in Kansas,
; they have invited you in two separate bills, which
I they have sent up here, widely variant in char-
acter, but each adapted to the case, to provide
for the restoration of regular and constitutional
authority in Kansas. One bill proposes to recog-
nize and establish the State of Kansas under the
Topeka constitution; and the other proposes to
reorganize the Territorial Legislature, witn proper
amendments of the organic Taw. Thus far, you
have practically refused to accept either of these
propositions. If, when Congress shall have ad-
journed, the result shall be that Kansas is left
: without the protection of adequate laws and civil
authority, look you to that. The responsibility
will not rest on me, nor on the House of Repre-
sentatives.
I desire, Mr. President, on this great occa-
sion—perhaps the last one of full debate during
the present session of Congress—to deliver my
whole mind upon this important subject. I add,
therefore, that the tendency and end—I will not
say object—of the revolution which has been ef-
fected in Kansas, which has been effected by her
conquerors, through the countenance and aid of
the President of the United States, are not of such
a character as to reconcile me to that revolution.
That end is the establishment of human slavery
within the Territory of Kansas. If, I should go
with you and the majority of the Senate in emas-
culating this Army bili, as jt came from the House
of Representatives, I should thereby show that
I was at least indifferent on so great an issue.
Sir, I could never forgive myself hereafter, when
' reviewing the course of my public life, if I had
assented to inflict upon even the present settlers
, of Kansas, few ana poor, and scattered through
I its forests and prairies as they are, what I deem
the mischiefs and evils of a system of compul-
sory labor, excluding, as we know by experience
that it always does, the intelligent labor of free
men.
i But it is not merely on to-day and on this gen-
eration that I am looking. I cannot restrain my
! eyes from the effort, at least, to penetrate through
a period of twenty-five years—of fifty years—of
i a hundred years—of even two hundred years—
: so far, at least, as a statesman's vision ought to
reach beyond the horizon that screens the future
from common observation. All along and through
that dimly-explored vista, I see rising up before
me hundreds of thousands, millions, even tens
of millions, of countrymen, receiving their for-
tunes and fates, as they are being shaped by the
action of the. Congress of the United States, in
this hour of languor, at the close of a weary day,
near the end of a protracted and tedious session.
I shall not, indeed, meet them here on the earth,
but I shall meet them all on that day when I shall
give up the final account of that stewardship
i which my country has confided to me. If I were
now to consent to such an act, with my opinions
and convictions, the fruit of early patriotic and
Christian teachings, matured by reading of his-
tory; by observation in States where freedom
flourishes, as well as in societies where slavery
is tolerated; by experience throughout a life which
already approaches the climacteric; by travel in
my own and foreign lands; by reflection under
the discipline of conscience and the responsibili-
ties of duty; by social converse; and by a thou-
sand collisions of debate; I should be obliged,
when that last day shall come to me, (as it must
come to all,) to call upon the rocks and the moun-
tains to fall upon me, and crush me and my name,
detested then by myself, into that endless oblivion
which is the most unwelcome of all evils, real or
imaginary, to the thoughts of a generous and
illuminated human mind. Policy iorbids me to
do it. Justice forbids me to do it. Humanity
forbids me to do it. And the Constitution of my
country—wisest of all constitutions—most equal
of all constitutions—most humane of all consti-
tutions which the inventive genius of man has
ever framed—forbids me to do it.
I have arrived now, Mr. President, at another
question much debated here, namely, whether
the inhibition which is contained in the bill as it
came from the House of Representatives, and to
which, the Senate objects, is germane to the bill?
If that inhibition really has the importance with
which I have invested it, then the question,
whether it is germane or not, is worthless anil
trivial.
Sir, in an act of such high necessity as the
resistance and suppression of revolution subver-
sive of civil government and public liberty, ques-
tions of parliamentary form sipk into insignifi-
cance; but the question is germane. It is a nor-
mal provision, of a character identical with the
bill itself. The bill proposes an appropriation to
defray the expenses of the Army of the United
States for one year, and necessarily contemplates
the character and nature of the service in which
the Army is to be employed. It is framed with
such foresight as the House of Representatives
can exercise of the places where the Army shall
be employed, whether in the States or in the
Territories, or in foreign campaigns, and of the
nature and character of its employments, whether
training in camp, building fortifications, suppress-
ing Indian insurrections, repelling invasions, or
carrying the banner of our stars and stripes in
conquest over an enemy's battalions in hostile
countries. It is confessed that Congress, and not
the President of the United States, has power to
direct the destination and employment of the
Army in all these respects.
And now what does the provision propose ?
Simply this: that while it leaves the discretion of
the President free exercise to employ the Army
where he shall think fit in maintaining Federal
laws, and, consistently with existing statutes, the
laws of every State in the Union, and of every
Territory in the Union, he shall not do this oae
thing—employ that Army in executing the pre-
tended ana obnoxious statutes of the usurpation
in Kansas. On the point, whether this inhibition
is germane to the bill, you, Senators, think that
you are making an issue with the House of Rep-
resentatives, on which, when you go down before
the people, the Senate will stand and the House
will fall. I know well the conservative power
that is lodged in twelve millions of dollars—Span-
ish milled dollars; but I know, also, the virtue, the
conservative virtue, which resides in the hearta
and consciences of twenty-five millions of Amer-
ican freemen. The people of the United States,
in this ease, will never stop to ask whether the
inhibition was germane or not. They are not yet
prepared to receive their own money back at your
nands, on condition of the surrender of liberty
or the denial of justice. But if I grant that the
people will stand by you, and condemn the House
of Representatives, still, in that case, I take my
stand with the House of Representatives. The
American people have a persevering way of cor-
recting to-day their error of yesterday. When
the temporary inconvenience which they shall
have suffered from your act of withholding from
them the twelve millions of dollars which ought
to be disbursed to them, through the operations
of the Army shall have passed away, they will
