1896.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBES.
1111
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Stuart.
Senate.
' call you to account for the injustice which will
have inflicted that injury, and will then vindicate
their fidelity to liberty and justice, while sternly
bestowing upon you the censure you have pro-
voked.
Whatever may be the decision, early or late,
of the American people, the judgment now to be
given will go for review to the tribunal of the
civilued world. It needs little of either learning
or foresight to anticipate the decision of that
tribunal on the issue, whether the Senate is right
in using bayonets and gunpowder to execute
unconstitutional and tyrannical laws, tending to
carry slavery into free Territories, or the House
of Representatives is right in maintaining the
Constitution and the universality of freedom?
The whole question of the propriety of the in-
hibition hinges on the point whether, under the
circumstances, it is necessary. I appeal on that
point to the Senate itself, to the country, and to
the world. Either the inhibition must be continued
in the bill, and so take effect, or else the Army
will be employed to enforce these atrocious laws. |
Every other effort to defeat and abrogate them j
has failed. This attempt is the last that can be
made. It is, therefore, this remedy for the rev- :
olution in Kansas which we must adopt, or no
remedy. I go, therefore, with the House of
Representatives for the inhibition which it pro-
poses.
You reply, that if the House of Representatives
persevere, the bill will fail, and thus the action of ,
the Government will be arrested^ But although !
the House shall persevere in the right, the bill j
will not fail, and the action of the Government
will not be arrested, unless the Senate shall per-
severe in the wrong. If both shall persevere,
and the action of the Government shall be ar-
rested, on whom will the responsibility fall?
Must the House necessarily surrender its own
convictions and adopt yours, in all cases, whether
they are right or wrong? If so, pray tell me,
Senators, what is the use of a House of Repre-
sentatives at all ? Sir, the Senate will find, if it
shall assume the position of defiance against the
House, that it has not weakened the strength
of the House of Representatives, but periled its
own.
By the letter of the Constitution, the House of
Representatives has exclusive right to originate
all bills for raising revenue. By custom, inher-
ited from Great Britain, and unbroken since the
adoption of the Federal Constitution, the House
of Representatives, exclusively, originates all
general appropriation bills. This exclusive right
and custom of originating general appropriation
bills involves at least an equal right, on the part
of the House of Representatives, to limit or direct
the application of the moneys appropriated. The
House, in view of the revolution inaugurated in
Kansas by the President, with the aid of the
Army of the United States, and maintained by
the Senate, might lawfully, if in its discretion it
should deem such a course expedient, refuse to
appropriate any money whatever for the support
of the Army. The greater includes the less. The
House may, therefore, attach the prohibition as a
condition of the grant of supplies for the Army.
The honorable Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessen-
den] has sagely said, in the course of his excel- ,
lent speech, that the House has, by reason of its
constitution, a peculiar and superior fitness for
passing on the question involved in this debate.
Its members are fresh from the people, and they
go hence directly, to render an account to the
people of the administration of the national Treas-
ury. We of the Senate are so far removed, by j
the duration of our terms of office, as practically
to be in a measure irresponsible. The House of
Representatives is constituted by direct election
by the people themselves. We of the Senate are
sent here by the Legislatures of the respective
States. Thev are great political bodies, ana justly i
represented here as such, to check, if need be, the
too volatile action of the people through the House
of Representatives. But they are corporations,
nevertheless, and the Senate is a body represent-
ing corporations.
Moreover, the Senate, by force of its constitu-
tion as a council of the President, in appoint-
ments to office and in the conduct of foreign af-
fairs, is more readily inclined towards combina-
tion with the President; and of course to depend-
ence upon him, than the House of Representa-
^eS* ^ouse of Representatives,
^ ere^?.re> people must look; and it is upon
that House, and not upon the Senate, that the
People must rely mainly for the rescue of public
, liberty, if the time shall ever come when that lib-
erty shall be endangered, with design or other-
JY the exercise of the executive power.
, Thus far, Mr. President, I have treated this
subject as one involving only the interests of the
l people of the Territory of Kansas. But you will
i see at once, without any amplification on my part,
that you are establishing, by way of precedent,
a system of government for not merely that Ter-
ritory, but all the Territories, present and future,
within the United States. It is worth while to
see what that system is. It is the system of pop-
ular sovereignty, founded on the abnegation of
congressional authority, attempted by the Kan-
, sas and Nebraska act of 1854. But it is that
system of popular sovereignty, with the principle
of popular sovereignty left out, and that of ex-
; ecutive power, exercised with fraud and armed
I force, substituted in its place. Since we have
entered upon a career of territorial aggrandize-
ment, as Rome, and Britain, and Spain did, re-
spectively, we can look forward to no period
when what we call Territories, but what they
called provinces or colonies, will not constitute
a considerable part of our dominion, and be a
theater for the exercise of cupidity and the dis-
play of ambition. Let Congress now effectually
resign the Territories to military control by the
President, or by generals appointed by him, and
two more acts will bring this grand national
drama of ours to its close. The first of those acts
! will be the subversion of liberty in the remaining
Territories; and then, the Rubicon easily passed,
the second will be the establishment of an empire
on the ruins of the whole Republic.
But how is the Government to be arrested, even
if this Army bill should fail through your perse-
vering dissent from the House of Representa-
tives? Is the Army of the United States, indeed
i and essentially, a civil institution, a necessary
and indispensable institution, in our republican
system ? On the contrary, it is an exception, an
anomaly, an antagonistic institution, tolerated,
\ but wisely and justly regarded with jealousy and
apprehension. We maintain a standing army in
time of war, to suppress Indian insurrections, or
to repel foreign invasions; and we maintain the
same standing army in time of peace, only be-
cause it is wise in peace to be prepared for war. i
But, whether in peace or war, we maintain it not
without some measure of hazard to constitutional
liberty. Happily, the Indian disturbances within
our borders have been suppressed; and if they '
had not been, the smallest measure of gentle- ;
ness and charity towards the decaying tribes j
would more effectually secure the blessings of
peace, so far as they are concerned, than the !
employment of many legions. Happily,also, the :
dark cloud that seemed gathering over us from '
the East, when this session commenced in De-
cember last, has been dispersed, and we have
now a sure prospect of peace with all foreign '
nations for many years to come. The Army of
the United States is therefore immediately use-
ful or necessary now only as a police, to execute
municipal laws. If the founders of the Consti-
tution had been told that, within seventy years
from the day on which they laid its solid foun-
dations, and raised its majestic columns, a stand-
ing army would have been found necessary and
indispensable merely to execute municipal laws,
they would have turned shuddering away from
the massive despotism which they had erected.
Sir, eleven days hence, Congress will adjourn,
and it will come back again one hundred and
eight days after that time. No serious disaster,
nor even any great public inconvenience, can
happen within that period. Congress will be here
in ample time to provide, if it shall be necessary,
for the public safety, for expelling Great Britain
from Central America; for conquering Cuba, and
for bringing into subordination any insurrec-
tionary Indian tribes. Everybody will know that
every dollar we owe to contractors, purveyors,
merchants, makers of gunpowder or muskets, or
founders of cannon, as well as every, dollar we
owe to soldiers or officers, for pay or for rations,
is guarantied by the national faith; aad on that
faith money can be raised without any consider-
able discount.
And, now, what other inconveniences are to
result from a failure to pass the Army bill ? We
are told that law and order will be lost, and
anarchy will prevail in the Territory of Kansas,
; if the Army be not employed there to keep the
j peace, and execute the territorial laws. Look,
! I pray you, through this report of the investigating
1 committee, drawn out to the length of twelve
hundred pages, filled with details of invasions*
robberies, mobs, murders, and conflagrations, and
tell me what anarchy could happen, in the absence
of martial law, worse than the anarchy which
has marked-its establishment in the Territory ?
Answer me still further, what measure of an-
archy could reconcile, or ought to reconcile,
American citizens to a surrender of constitutional
liberty in any part of the Republic ?
Answer me further, what is that measure of
tranquillity and quiet that a republican people
ought to seek, or can wisely enjoy ? It is not the
I dead quiet, the stagnant tranquillity of cowardly
i submission to usurpation and despotism, butit is
I j ust so much of peace, quiet, and tranquillity, as is
consistent with the preservation of constitutional
:j liberty. It would be a hard alternative; but, if
! the Senate should insist on forcing on me, or on
the people I represent, the choice between peace
under despotism, or turbulence with freedom,
then I must say, promptly and fearlessly, give me
so much of safety as I can have, and yet remain
a freeman, and keep all quiet and all safety be-
yond that for those who are willing to be slaves.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, the Senate has
been in session something beyond eight hours,
and has been most of -the time considering the
question whether a certain extraordinary amend-
ment proposed to a general appropriation bill
should stand as a part of that bill, or be rejected.
It was not my intention to have engaged in the
discussion of this question at all; but the extraor-
dinary speech of the Senator from New York,
both in principles and in facts, as well as its argu-
ments,-is such as to require some refutation at my
hands. I regret that the lateness of the hour, as
well as the condition of my own health, will neces-
i sarily compel me to more brevity than I should
like to exercise in refuting his arguments.
The honorable Senator, in my humble judg-
ment, has made a studious effort to avoid the real
question which has been before the Senate, and .
if we may apply to that Senator the doctrine of
the common law, thataman is held to intend that
which is the necessary result of his acts, he has
made a speech of hours this-day to endeavor to
hold up the House of Representatives to a fac-
tious position which he fears they will not main-
tain. Sir, in the numerous laws of Kansas, not
a single one has he enumerated which has been
attempted to be enforced within that Territory to
the knowledge of that Senator, or any other Sen-
ator present.
The difficulty that exists in Kansas is a diffi-
culty arising out of other and distinct causes.
No man—I say it emphatically—no man in this
Union is more eminently responsible fojj those
difficulties than the honorable Senator from New
York. Sir, let us understand this question as
men and as Senators, and whatever the honorable
Senator may suppose will be the effect of his
speech—sent, as lie says he has been sending
others to Kansas and throughout the country,
among those who do not fully understand the
subject—do not let us forget that here, where the
! history of these transactions is familiar, that
! speech does not represent the issue nor seek to do
| it. I had occasion the other day to refer to the
I organic law of Kansas, to which no man objects
I so far as its own language is concerned. I had
occasion then to say that the difficulties in Kansas
| grew out of a perversion of that law. I said then,
1 that fanatical men, North and South, were equally,
responsible for that perversion. I have occasion
to say now that fanatical men, North and South,
are seeking to inflame the difficulty. North and,
South that character of men demand the with-
drawal of the Army from Kansas. They both
desire it. For what ? To bring about collisions,
bloodshed, and murder. The great body of thai
