nm
appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Stuart.
Senate.
American Senate — in my judgment, the great
body of the American House of Representatives, ;
I have no doubt the great body of the American
people—are averse to any such result; and yet I
repeat that the extreme men, North and South,
as the history of the country shows, desire col-
lision and bloodshed upon the plains of Kansas,
and hope to involve the States of the Union in it.
Now, what is the effect of this amendment of
the House of Representatives to this general ap-
propriation bill? One would suppose, from the
argument submitted by the Senator from New
York, that the Army of the United States was
like a constable traversing the Territory execut-
ing processes and the laws. No man knows
better than the honorable Senator from New York
that the Army of the United States cannot be
used, and has not been used, but on the requisi-
tion of the Governorof the Territory. The Gov-
ernor or the Legislature must demand its inter-
position, or it cannot be given. No man knows
that better than the Senator from New York; and
I ask him now to point out the case under either
section of the laws which he has read where the
Army of the United States has been called upon
to execute it. The fact does not exist; anfl yet
we must sit here hours to hear a specious argu-
ment made to aid the House of Representatives
in maintaining its position upon this bill, and
I butchered and scalped in that Territory. This
! process is going on to-day. Their cattle have
I been stolen, their houses have been burnt, every-
! thing near and dear to man on earth has been
i threatened with the Indian hatchet, the rifle, and
the tomahawk. And yet the Senator is willing
that butchery shall go on in that Territory—that
I the President of the United States shall be de-
! prived of the means of keeping the Army in the
field, rather than that any laws shall be executed
in the Territory of Kansas. There is his beauti-
| ful picture plainly represented. This is done on
the score of affected philanthropy by a man who
I is bleeding, if you are to believe the Senator, at
every pore, for the wrongs and sufferings which
the people of the United States are undergoing in
the Territory of Kansas. Ay, Mr. President, if
the action of the Army and the Indians in the
Territory of Washington was deemed as import-
ant as the action of these conflicting elements in
the Territory of Kansas in the approaching elec-
tions, ypu would find a change of the picture as
; well as a change in the landscape in which it is
' presented.
! I have stated in brief the position in which the
; President of the United States and the Congress
I of the United States stand, in the execution of
■ the Kansas laws. I shall pass over the question
of how far the species of legislation now pro-
made also to inflame further the public sentiment j posed by the House of Representatives interferes
for purposes of political effect. j I with the plain duty of the President. That has
I nad occasion to say, the other day, and I beg : been presented to-day by others, and I shall not
briefly to repeat it here, that, whatever may be be able to present it myself. But let me call the
he illegality of the election in Kansas, in point ' attention of the Senate to the amendment itself,
of fact, no Senator will undertake to deny that and see if it is possible to be executed in its own
the Executive and the judicial officers are bound ; language and in its own spirit. After providing
to enforce those laws so often as the question
arises. I defy any man, however learned—I defy
him, however bold, to show me the case in Chris-
tendom where any respectable judicial tribunal
has not laid down this principle; and I defy even
the learning, and intelligence, and ingenuity of
the honorable Senator from New York to snow
me the respectable decision from a respectable
court that authorizes either a judge or an execu-
tive officer to go behind the law to ascertain the
validity of its enactment. As often as that ques-
tion has been presented to all respectable judicial
tribunals such has been the judgment.
Then what is to be done by the Governor and
the judges of the Territory of Kansas ? Here is
a code of laws made by a Legislature created
under the forms of law, certified by the Governor,
who had the whole power to do it, to have been
correct and legal, and addressed by him as such.
I had occasion to say the other day, that this Gov-
ernor "Reeder, whom Republicans had so long
sought to make a martyr, had been laid aside by
them because they found his official acts sealed
the question of the validity of the Kansas Legis-
lature and laws, so far as judges, Governors, and
Presidents are to act.
I said then, and I say now, that Congress has
a right to go behind those laws to ascertain their
validity, and to provide ajust remedy for them,
according to their own judgment, by substituting
others in their stead, or providing for their sub-
stitution. Is it proposed—has the House of Rep-
resentatives in this amendment proposed, a new ,
organization of that Territory, a new election,
and thus placed the ax at the root of the evil ?
Not at all; but they have undertaken to Say the
Armyshall not be used in enforcing the laws of
that Territory while the money appropriated by
this bill is being expended.
Now, sir, as the honorable Senator said, this
bill appropriates a little over $12,000,000. There
is a fact connected with the history of this sub-
ject which should not be lost sight of. The ap-
propriations for the last fiscal year were deficient.
This Congress has been called upon to pass, and
has passed, a deficiency bill to make up the amoun t
of money necessary to keep the Army in the
field up to the 30th of June last. There is not a
dollar of money which can be appropriated out
of the Treasury of the United States since the
30th day of June last, unless this bill shall become
a law.
Now, let us try the beautiful picture which the
Senator has spread before the Senate and the
country. There is an Indian war in Washington
Tmitory. Men, women, and children, have been
that the Army shall not be used in the enforce
ment of the enactments of the Legislature, it pro-
vides that—
" Until Congress shall have passed upon the validity of
the said Legislative Assembly of Kansas, it shall be the
duty of the President to use the military force in said Ter-
ritory to preserve the peace, suppress insurrections, repel
invasion, and protect persons and property therein, and
upon the national highways in the State of Missouri, or
elsewhere, from unlawful seizures and searches."
If my voice will hold out, I want to ask the
honorable Senator from New York a practical
question. Suppose the civil officers of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas are engaged in executing a law
of that Territory. Suppose the advice of Sena-
tors on this floor be taken, and that the execution
of those laws be resisted, and a resort is had to
arms, the officers and their posse on the one side,
and the people resisting on the other. What will
the Senator call that ? An insurrection ? There
is no other legal name to give it. Certain it is
that such an occurrence would constitute a breach
of the peace. This proviso says the President
shall use the Army to suppress insurrections,
preserve the peace, protect persons and property,
&c. Now which side is he going to take in this
practical case—the side of the officers executing
the laws, or the side of the people resisting the
laws ? How, then, is that proviso consistent with
itself? How is the President to suppress insur-
rections, preserve the peace, protect persons and
i property, &c., unless he is permitted to enforce
the laws of the Territory ? The Constitution of \
I the United States says he shall enforce the laws. I
The laws of the United States say, when he is :
called on by the Governor or the Legislature of a j
State or Territory to extend the military arm to
enforce the laws, he shall do it. These laws stand
on the statute-book unrepealed. Here is a case
of insurrection against the laws. The proviso of i
the House of Representatives to this bill says he
shall suppress it. How is he to do it? Shoot
down both sides? I apprehend the House of Rep-
resentatives does not mean that. Take the side j
of the people against the officers, and shoot down '
the officers? l apprehend not. I
It will therefore oe seen that the President can-
not comply with the terms of the proviso, and j
" preserve the peace, suppress insurrections, and ;
protect persons and property" in Kansas, other- j
wise than by the execution of the laws of the '
Territory, when called upon for that purpose by
the proper authority.
If the Senator from New York shall undertake
to solve the difficulty, and make the proviso of
the House of Representatives consistent with
itself, I venture to say that he will find it the
most difficult subject he ever undertook to handle
in his life. It cannot be done.
The Senator says that the House of Represent-
atives under the Constitution of the United States
has the sole power to originate revenue bills, and,
as a consequence, appropriation bills; and, hav-
ing this power, they have a right to provide how
the money shall be expended. Now I want to
ask the honorable Senator what he, and I, and
others, constituting the majority of the Senate,
have been doing for two weeks, if we have not
been passing appropriation bills for river and
harbor improvements, which had their origin in
the Senate? Did they not originate here? Yet we
are told to-night by the honorable Senator that
this species of bills cannot be originated in the
Senate. Many of them were introduced by the
honorable Senator himself. All of them came
from a committee of which he and I are members.
That fact alone sufficiently refutes that part of
his argument.
He further tells us, with equal consistency,
that the Senate of the United States is a mere
advisory body, to advise with the President on
treaties and appointments. Why, sir, the pro-
vision of the Constitution is so plain that no man
can misunderstand it, that the Senate is as much
a part of the legislative department as the House
of Representatives. The powers conferred on
the Senate to advise the President in regard tu
treaties and nominations made by the President
are not legislative powers. They are powers in
addition. But on every question except the right
to originate revenue bills, and bills taxing the
people, there is no distinction between the legis-
lative powers of the Senate and the House of
Representatives. Notwithstanding this, for the
purpose of making a speech to suit this occasion,
the Senator takes this unfounded position, and
contradicts it by his own action for the last two
weeks.
But, sir, inasmuch as it is never advisable to
take a pebble to kill a whale, any more than it
is to take a handspike to kill a fly, I propose to
adapt the means to the end, and make the speech
of the honorable Senator from New York, deliv-
ered in the last Congress, refute his speech of
to-day. On the 1st of March, 1855, some things
were said in the Senate, by the Senator from New
York, which I will read:
"Mr. Seward. Mr. President, I regard the proposition
to incorporate a new tariff system into the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill as one of a revolutionary character.
I believe that, if we shall suffer the House of Represent-
atives thus to attach a condition, and such a condition, to
their assent to an appropriation bill, to the pFfticijial pne of
the appropriation bills, we shall establish a precedent which
can never be revoked, and which will leave the Senate and
the whole Government under the coercive dictation of a
majority of the other branch of the Legislature. I think it
belonged to the honorable gentleman—the senior Senator
from Delaware—to protest against that measure, and to
arouse the attention of the Senate. It belonged to him not
only on account of his great experience here, but also be-
cause the Senate is the body which is necessarily relied oil
to save the rights of the States, especially of the smaller
States, in which class Delaware belongs. I award to him,
and also to his colleague. [Mr. IUyakd,] the tribute of my
thanks for the fidelity with which they, in the name of
their State, have sustained the independence of the Senate
i in this debate."
1 The Senate was not merely an advisory body
i then.
" Let me state the question. The House of Represent-
atives virtually say that, if the Senate will agree, that cer-
tain modifications of the tariff in regard to wool shall be
made for the benefit of the manufacturer of that staple, and
will also consent to certain modifications of the tariff
in regard to iron, for the benefit of consumers of that
metal, chiefly railroad companies; then the President, and
other executive officers of the Government, civil, judicial,
and diplomatic, may receive their salaries secured to them
by the Constitution and laws, and the Senators and mem-
bers of Congress may also receive their legal compensation
' for their services during the year."
Now, the proposition applied to the present
case is that, if the Senate will agree to invade the
i power of the President of the United States in
! the execution of laws, the Army may be main-
1 tained, the peace of the country may be mam-
| tained, the country secured against invasion and
] insurrection.
! " But if the Senate will not consent to those modifica-
, tions, then no officer of the Government, however high, no
I servant of the people, however low, shall receive any com-
pensation whatever. Well, sir, as this poor world of ours
1 goes, even the laborer in spiritual things claims his_ hire;
much more reason is there to suppose that, if patriots are
denied their pay, the public service must stop.
