1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
1113
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr, Stuart.
Senate.
t Are there no patriots in the Army ? Are they
in in tin' Senate ?
•• If the public service is ended, then the Gov-
ernment itself ceases."
Th.u is the doctrine.
Pus, Mr,: > the «  v in which they bring about a change
ofimui^ir) luGmt ltrium. It is proposed to try the same
process  > 'l"a '« ui>l y. I speak, sir, onlv for myself; but
| ,H  tu'l lunate to declare that I will, if need be, stand
litre protesting m.iiii>t tins innovation until Sunday inorn-
in(, tlx- 4ili hi March next, shall come in to relieve all of
ys i« furtlier dunes here.
"^ir, Kiere is *reai wisdom—there is Nestorian wisdom
m the counsel 01 the honorable Senator from Delaware. It
nay Ik thai it is only now a question of relieving woolen
Buaufin-iun rs and railroad builders, but another House "—
I call your attention especially, Mr. President,
and that of members of the Senate, to this, for
the Senator was looking forward to a change of
tiling:
Aarf then the House of Representatives may give us, in
thr Mate luriu, a question ot slavery or a question of free-
dom, and may seek in the same way to coerce our consent
to tlxiir in that r*.-peet. Are you prepared for that ?
Whea the precedent shall have once been established, what
will protect you against the most unbounded license of aa-
wmpiiou by the House of Representauves?"
To-night, the honorable Senator from New
York, tearing that the license of the House of
Representatives would not be sufficiently un-
bounded, has sought to raise their flagging spirits
up to the mark of his political desires.
  Again, «ir, when you shall have suffered the House of
IrpnxntaDra to incorporate a new tariffi. to the civil and
dipj oiatic appropriation bill, what shall hinder the same
poser from aitnchin; the French spoliation bill to the natal
Krviee bill ? Moreover, when the President of the United
States shall he re arte r veto any bill, a majority of the two
Hottse*. adopting the precedent now to be established, can
practically annul the veto by suspending his own compen-
sation. and arresting the wheels of the Government."
That was the doctrine of the honorable Sena-
tor from New York in the last Congress. That
was the doctrine of my own heart at the time,
and I voted for it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And I.
Mr. STUART. The honorable Senator from
Illinois says he did; and he will recollect that he
moved a reconsideration of the first vote, in order
to establish it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. STUART. Sir, I never thought, and
never heard until now, that the independence of
the Senate, as a legislative body, was to dwindle
down into a mere advisory body for the President
of the United States.
Gut I have not read all that the Senator from
New York said on this subject. It came up again,
and the same honorable gentleman spoke again: >
" From the foundation of the Government until (his day,
it bas been settled as a matter of habit, and become a habit
of the Government, that the House of Representatives shall
not only exercise its constitutional right of originating all
revenue bills, bat that u shall exercise that original right in
a certain regular way; that is, by introducing bills of appro-
priation separate aud distinct from all other matters, and
confined to matters of appropriation alone. It is a part of
that great conservative principle of legislation which is
necessary for the safe transaction of the public business,
and for the preservation of the balance of political affairs in
any ^tate, that every act of legislation should be distinct
and separate from all other acts; and for the obvious reason
that, where many subjects are combined, in regard to which
Representatives have different opinions, representing dif-
ferent interests, there is no distinct and separate opportu-
nity for each of them, but a compromise is made, in which
one party gives up something to obtain an advantage from
the other party. Tlii.*, in small matters, passes without
observation; but when the matters thus combined are great
questions of State, involving the safety of the State, or
involving the harmony of the Union, then we are all .made
aware at once how important it is to adhere to the safe and
cardinal principle of discussing every separate matter by
itself, independent of all others.
" When I first came into the Senate i took the ground
that a combination of many great measures affecting many
great intr-re«ts, and engaging different and conflicting opin-
ions, was irregular, was factious, was revolutionary; and
upon that ground, among others, I voted against the com-
promise bill of lb.">0, though it contained an object which I
was most sedulous and anxious to obtain—the admission
of the State of California. I insisted that California, much
as I desired her to come into the Union—and all men know
how anxious at that time I was for the admission of the
State of California—must come in without condition, with-
out compromise, without qualifications ; and because she
was not allowed to come in in that way by the compromise
bill, I voted against it. I have always been in favor of
advancing the interests of that State, and of admitting
States of the character of California; but, at the same time,
I have never been willing to resort to a revolutionary or
factious measure to obtain an important object, however
beneficial it might be to the interests of the Union, in my
view, or to the interests of the community.
" Sir, ihia has «en my rule of action from tbe beginning.
| The honorable Senator from South Carolina appeals to me
how I would act 111 a case which he imagines, which may
| happen, and which may never happen ; and that is, that,
! if there shall be a House of Representatives the next year—
which I trust iu God may be the case—that will send here
a bill to repeal the fugiuve slave law, tiieu liow will I vote
011 that ?
" Mr. Butler. That was not the question which I pro-
pounded.
" Mr. Seward. If the honorable Senator will wait I will
state his question and answer it.
" Mr. UrTLER. Very well, sir.
" Mr. Skward. When the House of Representatives
sends thai bill here, it will be the beginning of that reaction
which, when the fugitive slavo law was passed, I knew
was to begin in the near future. Thequesuon being stated
in that simple form, of course the honorable Senator knows,
and everybody here and throughout the country, I trust,
knows, what my answer would be. I have voted here more
than once for the repeal of the fugitive slave law; and when
the question conies, this year, or the next year, or the year
after, or so Ions as 1 have a place in the Senate, 1 shall
always vote for it, when I can vote for it constitutionally,
and that I can always do when it comes here as a separate
bill."
Mr. BUTLER. I recollect it.
Mr. STUART. So do I. Let me continue.
" Other honorable Senators ask what I will do if the
House of Representatives shall next year send a bill for
the restoration of the Missouri compromise? Sir, I trust
that that House of Representatives, whether it be consti-
tuted of anti-Nebraska men, or of American men, or what-
ever may be its constitution, will send up such a bill here.
I think the next Mouse will send it, or at any rate, the next
one alter that; and when it shall come here, I will be pre-
pared to vote for expunging slavery from every foot of the
common terntory of the United States of America, when I
can do that constitutionally; and 1 can always do it when
it is in a separate bill.
"Now, sir, having thus stated my faith as to what I can
do constitutionally and without faction or revolution, I will
tell the honorable Senator from South Carolina—and there
are on this floor the witnesses of what I say—that more
than once since the fugitive slave law was passed I have
warned my friends that they must not put upon an appro- j
priation bill, which involves the payment of the expenses
of Government, a provision for the repeal of the fugitive
slave law, and lhat if they did they would not have my
vote. I can tell the honorable Senator l'rom South Carolina
that there are those here who will bear ine witness, that
when it has been proposed on this bill I have refused to
give it my support.
" Mr. Foot. I am a witness.
" Mr. Seward. Here is one Senator who says he is a
witness. That is for the past. Now I will tell the honor-
able Senator for the future."
I want to see how the honorable Senator from
New York's principles then conform to his prac-
tice now:
" The Senate of theUnited States has pursued, in advanc-
ing the interests of slavery, according to my judgment, a
course of faction and of revolution which has crushed the
anti-slave power in this House. It is weak here. I have
remonstrated at every step, and been at the same time, as
I think, loyal and orderly; but the Senate of tbe United
States can establish and will establish, with or without my
remonstrance, what is factious, what Is orderly, what is
regular, and what is revolutionary. If the Senate of the
United States now establish the position, that I am wrong
in supposing that it is faction and revolution thus to compel
a revision of the tariff without rhyme and without reason ;
wittout giving men throughout all this broad land an oppor-
tunity to know that their interests are brought mtoquestion,
and without giving us, their representatives here, an op-
portunity to ascertain their case, then I shall be overruled."
Recollect you, sir, his action in the future was
to depend on the precedents which should be set
in that case. If the Senate overruled him and
retained that tariff amendment, he was for faction
and revolution hereafter. If they sustained the
honorable Senator and rejected it, he was for no
faction and no revolution.
The Senate did reject it, and we have seen this
night how the honorable Senator has redeemed
his pledge.
" Then I shall leam, by the consent of the honorable '
chairman of tbe Committee on Finance, by the concurrence
of the venerable and distinguished Senator from South
Carolina, by the support of the majority of this House, by
the concurrence of the House of Representatives, and when
the President shall have signed their ill-starred bill, by the
concurrence and approval of the President of the United
States, that I have been heretofore wrong, and that the true
way to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia is to
attach it as a condition to the civil and diplomatic bill; that
the true way to restore freedom to the Territories is to at-
tach it to the civil and diplomatic bill; and that the true
way to repeal the fugitive slave law is to inake the repeal
conditional on the grant of the money with which the Gov-
ernment is to maintain itself in all its domestic operations
and in all its foreign relations. I shall have learned, sir,
that instruction. How I shall profit by it I do not now say.
I only say that when the time comes I will consider."
Well, sir, that time has come, and the Senator
has considered, and I fear, sir, that, unfortunately
for that honorable Senator's reputation, when ;
the people of this country shall compare the Sen-1
ator's speeches, they will "consider" and con-!
elude that the sentiments of the statesman and
patriot pervading the first speech, lmve all been
exchanged for those of the mere political parti-
san, which have so disfigured his spcecli of to-
night.
Mr. President, if ever man's argument wns
refuted by himself, that is the condition of the
Senator from New York. There can be no dis-
tinction between the bills, because the argument
and doctrine are applicable to all general appro-
priation bills; and it must be known to the Sen-
ator that the House of Representatives have put
similar conditions on the bill which involves their
own pay and the pay of the civil authorities of
the United States. There they stand. The Sen-
ate, acting in accordance with the views of the
Senator from New York, rejected the amendment
last year. I voted against it with the majority.
I voted against it for the reasons then given. It
was out of place. The argument of the honorable
Senator from New York was then unanswered,
and is by his argument to-day unanswered, as it
will ever be unanswerable.
I do not intend, sir, to detain the Senate at this
late hour of the night, and the present condition
of my voice forbids me doing what I would like
to do in respect to the rest of the speech of the
Senator from New York. From its commence-
ment to its termination, as I have told the Senate,
it does not meet the issue. The question is pre-
sented, will the Senate consent to invade the pre-
rogative of the Presidentof the United States, or,
if there be doubt about that, will they consent, as
the honorable Senator himself proposes, to lose
this bill and become borrowers of money in the
1 market (that is his advice) to carry on the ex-
1 penses of the Government, or pass this bill as it
came from the House. If they do, let them look
to the warnings of the Senator from New York.
If you do allow your right, under the Constitu-
tion, to be invaded now, he tells you that to repeal
the fugitive slave law and to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia, to abolish slavery in the
Territories, are the next issues to be presented
upon general appropriation bills, and the wheels
of Government are to stop—ay, sir, he tells you,
in the speech from which I have read, that the
Government itself is to cease if you permit this
example.
Sir, his speech to-night is the most unfortunate
speech of the Senator's life. His zeal to carry
out the programme which he and others have laid
down for tSe House of Representatives in this
political campaign, has carried him beyond the
Constitution, beyond the safety of the Republic,
, beyond the protection of the people from the
! armed and vicious savage of the wilderness, be-
yond the existence of the Government itself.
That is the question, and, in the language of the
Senator from New York, I am prepared to stand
here until this Congress shall expire on the 4th
of March next before I will consent to it. I take
his ground. I took it in the last Congress. It
is a ground that does not vary with the wind, nor
with the political campaigns of the day. When
a man here swears to support the Constitution of
the United States, with the intellect God has given
him, he must control his action in obedience to
that oath. No considerations of policy, none of
convenience, none of revolution and of faction,
none but his accountability for his. oath to the
God that made him, can be the rule of his action.
Come, therefore, sir, weal or woe, it shall find
me, as I trust it will find the majority of this high
body, under the Constitution, standing by it even
to the end.
Mr. President, I must be permitted to say that
I regret in a twofold .point of view my inability
to proceed with these views; the patience of the
Senate is exhausted, and so are my own voice
and strength; but I trust that I have shown that
the laws, as they are decided by the highest ju-
dicial tribunals of the country, are against the
argument of the honorable Senator from New
York. I trust I have shown that the Constitu-
tion of the country stands in his path at every
step. I trust I have shown, both upon principle
ana by the former speech of the Senator from N ew
York, that the proviso attached to this bill by the
House is not only inconsistent with itself, but
is also unconstitutional, factious, and revolution-
ary. I trust that no such factious and revolution-
