1896.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQB&
1115
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Washburn, of Maine.
Ho. of Reps.
Bui, sir, I have another authority, which I
think the eentknwn from Georgia will be stow
to ivmtnmrt:  ' '* of 'he President of the
United Suites. In his late message to Congress, !
on the disturbances u. Kansas, he says: !
BI-fort th-  requisite preparation wiu accomplished for
rfcx-MMt of* Pemionai I.eeisl*turc,an election of Delegate
tu t Vi**** had been held in the Territory, on the 29th day
M XoreniVt, It^M, and the Delegate took lii* seat in the
Hob*  <' K pr**e tative  without challenge. If arrange-
anh bad been perfected by the Governor, so that the
election H'f members of the Legislative Assembly might be
beM ■■ the several preempts at the same time as for Dele-
pK to Congress, njrfnafiM uf/trtminng to ttt ftuUiJkm-
h«t  t tMt f*ru>  radiii « fttfl*  f tkt Territory would
kit* f"<*l "rrmm/yMonet t'NDsa thi arriavuioN
ft 0"t a«t .  i tii« jrwie or thi v lipitt or rm
intn or thi IIiunuti, and would bare been determ-
ined before conrhctinc passions had become inflamed by
tuae. and before opportunity could have beea afforded for
ipkMtir interference of the people of individual States."
From this it appears that, in the judgment of
the President, Congress not only had power to
p «a upon the qualifications of the voters for Del-
egate, and of the validity of the returns, but that
«uch decisicn would have involved a determin-
ation of the question whether there had been
a legal election of members of the Legislative
Assembly!
I now come to the question whether there was,
in point of fact, an invasion of the Territory of
Kansas.9—whether, in truth, there was a legally
constituted Legislature in that Territory? But,
air, Uataall not dwell on that, for the reason that
this House sent to the Territory a committee of
invesugation, whose report—I flow speak of the
majority report—is the foundation for the reso-
lutions before the House. The members who
composed that majority are intelligent men, and
of as much probity and candor and weight of
character as are to De found in this body. They
hare been to Kansas. They have taken the testi-
mony of free-State and of slave-State men. They
hare, in their report, digested this testimony.
They understand it better than we can; they
understood it and weighed it as it was taken from
the witnesses themselves. They have presented
to us the conclusions at which they have arrived;
■ad looking to those conclusions, together with
the evidence before ns, the Committee of Elec-
tions have made the report upon which the House
is now deliberating.
And here let me say, in reply to the argument
of the gentleman from Georgia, that in some
election districts a majority of the inhabitants
emigrated from slave States, and may, therefore,
be regarded as in favor of making a slave State
out or Kansas—that it does not follow, because a I
is from a slave State, that he is in favor of '
slavery, or that he would extend it over free ter-
ritory. On the contrary, we find to a great extent
the reverse to be the truth. There is the case
of Miller, who was accused of treason. Was
he a free-State man? He was not; he was a
native of South Carolina. How is it with Dela-
hay? Is he from a free State ? No, sir. So it is
in regard to many of those in favor of free Kan-
sas. I have the nest and most reliable authority
for stating here, that the majority of those who
have gone to Kansas from slave States are in
favor of making it a free State. Those who
have gone to Kansas from slave States are, in the
main, men who did not own slaves at home.
They are men who have felt the rigors of the
slavery system, and were desirous to get away
from it. They wished to go where one white
man could stand on a position of equality with
another; where labor was honorable and the
laborer respected. Hundreds and thousands
have gone from slave States into Kansas to place
themselves under the institutions of a free State
community—to have the advantages of the free
school* and the churches and the other instru-
mentalities of civilization which flourish in the
free States.
Gentlemen of the other side quote Governor
Reader's census taken thirty days before the
March election, to show that, in supposing there
were a majority of free-State men in the Territory,
we are mistaken. No, sir, we do not err in this
belief. If there was a majority of slave-State men
in Kansas at that time, wny the necessity of send-
ing legions of armed meirthere from abroad ? Could
they not trust to their own men ? They tell us
that there was a majority of slave-Stats men there.
Could they not, then, have left the decision to this
slave-State majority ? They ought to have done
so on the doctrine that the " people should be
left perfectly free to decide the question for them-
selves." They d\,d not leave tne people free to
decide the question for themselves, and this plain
fact is a confession of the incorrectness of their
position. No proofs can be presented so strong
as the simple, uncontradicted fact, that hundreds
and thousands of men went from Missouri into
Kansas to vote at that election.
Aa I have Mid, this testimony is produced by
the investigating committee. It will stand. I care
not what are the arguments or inferences of gen-
tlemen on the other side; they cannot efface the
record, nor annihilate a single fact. The gentle-
man from Georgia confesses the difficulty under
which he labors, by dwelling so largely, in his
remarks, upon the first election for Delegate.
What has tnat to do with the election of March,
1855 ? The election of 1854 has nothing to do with
this case whatever, except so far as it may serve
to confirm the fraud and violence practiced at the
election for members of the Legislature.
The gentleman will not admit that free-State
men were prevented from voting, unless there is
evidence to prove distinctly and positively that
they were driven from the polls by actual force.
He must have every man s name, and it must
appear that he was driven from the polls by posi-
tive violence. Though five hundred armed men
were seen at the polls in one place, and three
hundred in another, and so on, threatening violence
to free-State mqp if they attempted to vote, yet
the gentleman says that there is no proof tnat
these men could not vote.
He insists upon strict, positive, legal evidence,
that, in each case, actual violence was not merely
threatened, but actually practiced. How was it
the other day in the Nebraska case, when he
asked for a decision on ex parte affidavits, not
one of which had ever been submitted to the
Committee of Elections, and upon shadowy, re-
mote, and forced inferences therefrom? He was
then anxious to obtain a decision of the House
upon testimony which never had been before the
committee; and that had been taken without notice
to the adverse party. He was willing to make
inference on inference to obtain a vote in his favor.
Now, when there has been notice, and the ad-
verse party was present—when the testimony is
ample, and conclusive, and overwhelming, jie
says it all amounts to nothing, because it is not
proven that the free-State men who did not vote
were driven from the polls at the point of the
bayonet. I cannot answer that sort of argument.
The gentleman denies that Governor Reeder
obtained even two hundred votes at the election
under which he claims. The report of the com-
mittee shows that he received some twenty-eight
hundred, and it gives the result at every precinct.
The gentleman denies the fact—it is easy to do
so. He may deny that there was any commis-
sion sent to Kansas; any testimony taken; any
report made; that there is such a man as Gov-
ernor Reeder, or such a Territory as Kansas.
Mr. STEPHENS. I want tne gentleman to
state to this House whether there is any proof
adduced by the committee that Governor Reeder
received one hundred votes ? I will say to the
gentleman that I have examined all the proof and
can only find fifty-six votes cast for Reeder. The
committee only show returns for Reeder in three
precincts. If there be any other proof in that
volume I want to see it. 1 have read the whole
of it. If there be any proof there I have not
seen it.
Mr. WASHBURN. The gentleman seems to
be more anxious to-day to get at strict legal
proof than he was the other day. Let me look
at the report. It appears there, oyer the signa-
tures of members of our own committee, that two
thousand eight hundred and forty votes were
fiven for Governor Reeder; and I am informed
y a member of the committee that they had the
poll-books themselves before them in making up
their report.
Mr. STEPHENS. I call for the proof—not
what the members say they saw. I want the
document—the proof. I was arguing this ques-
tion on the proof; and when I threw down the
gauntlet I meant what I said. Produco the proof,
and not what this committee says it had before
it. Why is it not produced ? I am arguing on
the facts. The proof is not here. I defy its pro-
duction.
Mr. WASHBURN. "Produce your proof, "the
gentleman says. Now, Mr. Speaker, let me say
to that gentleman, that it was out the other day
that he read to this House, as a part of his argu-
ment, the affidavit or statement of an individual,
which affidavit had not been before the committee;
and he said it was for the House to say whether
they would believe it or not, and,although it was
not legal evidence, that it was entirely competent
for the House to decide the case upon it. The
House did decide that the sitting Delegate from
Nebraska was entitled to a seat here—upon what?
Upon proof? No, sir; but upon ex parte affidavits,
not referred to the committee; and now the gen-
tleman from Georgia complains of me, because I
cite the statement of a member of the committee
that they had the poll-books before them, and did
not include them in the report, for the reason that
the same names were borne upon them as were
on the poll-booksi of the other election, which
were attached to and made part of their report,
and they did not think it necessary to print the
same names twice.
Mr. STEPHENS. The report does not state
that the poll-books contain the list.
Mr. WASHBURN. I say that the report of
the committee contains the list of votes, and that
an individual member of the committee did state
tome and to the House these facts.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman was argu-
ing as if the committee had reported the facts.
The committee have not'reported the facts.
Mr. WASHBURN. The committee have re-
ported the facts—the results; and because they
did not gee fit to repeat the names upon the pot-
hooks—to set them out in the evidence twice, and
thereby unnecessarily increase the bulk and cost
of the volume before us, he insists there is no
proof. I certainly shall not object to his making
all that he can out of this point. But, sir, I will
not dwell longer upon this part of the case, be-
cause I think it has been settled to the satisfac-
tion of the House by the report of the investigat-
ing committee, that there was no legal election
of members of the Legislature; and that conse-
quently there has been no valid and binding legis-
lation in Kansas; no law passed providing for
the election-of a Delegate, and hence no regular
and legal election.
Upon the second question, properly arising in
this case, namely: Whether the House may
properly admit upon its floor, as a Delegate or
agent for a Territory, one who has not been
chosen in pursuance of law? I have something
to say; but the argument of Governor Reeder,
which has been read at the Clerk's desk, covers
the ground so fully that it will be unnecessary
for me to detain you long upon this branch of
the case. I wish every member of the House
had listened to that argument, for it seemed to
me to be unanswerable. There are, however,
some precedents and analogous cases not referred
to by him, to which I will call your attention.
In 1794, James White came here and claimed
a seat as Delegate from the Territory south of the
Ohio. The case was decided upon the arguments
of Giles, Madison, Smith of South Carolina, and
others, in favor of the claimant, and .upon prin-
ciples decisive of this case.
In 1849, or 1850, Mr. H. H. Sibley applied
for admission to this floor as Delegate from what
is now Minnesota Territory, and being that part
of Wisconsin Territory which was not embraced
within the limits of the State of Wisconsin.
After the admission of Wisconsin as a State, the
people residing in that part of the Territory
which was not included in the State, being about
four thousand in all, elected Mr. Sibley Delegate
' to this House; he presented the evidence of his
election, and the House voted, by a large majority,
not that he-was entitled, but to admit him to a
; seat as Delegate. . ,.
j It was argued upon one side that the tentorial
government was superseded by the act of Con-
gress admitting Wisconsin as a State, and that
there was no political organization to be repre-
sented in the House.
In regard, to the facta of that cass I will read
