1116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 1,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Washburn, of Maine.
Ho. of Reps.
from the remarks made by the Delegate (Mr. Sib-
ley) himself:
" Much misapprehension exists in regard to the admission
ot' a Delegate from the Territory of Wisconsin, at the last
session, which is by some assumed to be a precedent for
the reception of Delegates from New Mexico and Deseret,
while others as strenuously insist that it is no precedent.
The facts are briefly these: When the State of Wisconsin
was carved out of a Territory of that name, and admitted
into the Union, there remained a large residuum which
contained a considerable population who had been in the
enjoyment of the blessings of a regular government for
years. The act of Congress admitting Wisconsin made no
allusion to that residuum, and the question at once arose,
whether the citizens of the United States who resided north
and west of the St. Croix river, and consequently out of
. the limits of the State, could or could not properly claim
that the organic law of the Territory, remaining unrepealed,
was still in force and operation over them. Respectable
legal authorities were consulted on the subject, and the re-
sult was a decided conviction on the minds of the people
interested, that they had a right to all the benefits conferred
upon them by the act organizing Wisconsin Territory. The
SecretaryandactingGovernorthereupon issued his procla-
mation for the election of a Delegate to Congress, and the
individual chosen presented himself here for admission.
His credentials were referred to tile Committee of Elections,
and a majority of that committee reported in favor of the
application, basing their decision upon the fact, that a terri-
torial organization still continued to exist. When the sub-
ject came before the House, their recommendation was
sustained by a vote of 124 to 63, and the Delegate was ad-
mitted to his seat. But it appeared, a few days afterwards,
thai the House only intended to approve so much of the report
as declared the Delegate entitled to a seat; for when called
upon to make appropriation for defraying the expenses of
the government of the Territory of Wisconsin, the proposi-
tion was voted down by an overwhelming majority. It was
manifest, therefore, that the House repudiated the declara-
tion of the Committee of Elections, that a territorial gov-
ernment still existed, and bad been influenced by other con-
siderations in the admission of a Delegate. The broad
ground was taken by many members, that wherever there
was a sufficient number of American citizens without the
limits of the States and organized Territories to justify such
a step, it was in accordance with the sound discretion of
Congress, and the spirit of our institutions, that a Delegate
should be received on the floor of the House to represent
them. This was the principle which actuated many who
voted for my admission, and one honorable member from
Ohio, now, alas ! no more, distinctly stated that such was
the governing motive in his case. His words were these,
as reported in the Congressional Globe: ' When a Delegate
from amy portion of the people presented himself claiming to
represent their interests, it was within the discretion of Con-
gress whether he should be admitted or not. But he took it
that Congress had a right to admit a Delegate from any por-
tion of the people of Wisconsin, Iowa, California, or New
Mexico, without any law.'"
Thus, sir,although the House decided, by " an
overwhelming vote," that there was no govern-
ment in this Territory—that it was unorganized,
and, by consequence, that the acting Governor
who called the election had no authority to do so,
and that his act was but that of a private citizen,
the election was recognized by the House, and a
resolution adopted by a vote of two to one for the
admission of the Delegate. In this the principle
was affirmed, which governed the committee in
reporting the resolutions now before us; and, Mr.
Speaker, the gentleman from Georgia himself
voted for the resolution in favor of the Delegate
from "Wisconsin; yet he now tells us that the
House has no right to admit a Delegate without
law.
Mr. STEPHENS. What I stated to the gen-
tleman yesterday was, that m all these cases to
which he has alluded there was no territorial gov-
ernment instituted. What I defied him to produce
yesterday, was a single case in this country
where a man was admitted to a seat on this floor
where he was not legally entitled to it. The com-
mittee have not dared to say that Reeder was le-
gally entitled. There is a territorial government
organized in Kansas; but in all the cases to which
the gentleman has alluded there had been no ter-
ritorial government provided.
Mr. WASHBURN. The gentleman says he
defied me yesterday to produce a single case
where a man was admitted to a seat here when
he was not legally entitled to it. Why, sir, I
have just done it. I have given a faithful history
.of the Wisconsin case, in which the House
decided^ that the Delegate had no legal sanction
for coming here. He was chosen in anunorgan*
ized Territory, and at an election called by a
person who had no other authority than any
private citizen for calling it; and the gentleman
voted to admit the Delegate; vet, in the face of
all this, he defies me to produce the very case
which he himself acknowledges to exist. He
says the committee have not dared to say that
Re«der was legally entitled; of coursfe, they have
not dared to say what was not true. They say
that neither of the candidates were legally chosen,
but add that Congress, in its discretion, as mat-
ter of favor to the people of the Territory, may
and ought to receive or admit such person as
Delegate as a majority of the people have desig-
nated. The gentleman, while denying that any
one can be properly admitted as Delegate unless
legally elected, seems to contend that the utter
want of legality in the Wisconsin case, the
absence of any organization, was the ground
upon which the Delegate was admitted in that
case. He was properly admitted, and the gen-
tleman voted for him, according to his argument
now, because there was no organization, and
consequently no law. But how was it in the
cases of New Mexico and Utah, (Deseret,)
which came before the same House ? Opposition
was made, if not by the gentleman from Georgia,
by those who usually act with him, for precisely
the contrary reason to that assigned for the
admission of the Delegate from Wisconsin. I will
read by-and-by from the remarks of gentlemen
in those cases. Opposition was made to the
admission of Delegates from those Territories
for the reason—and it was upon that point that
the vote turned, as the discussion will show—
that they were not organized Territories. The
reason for voting for the Wisconsin Delegate
was a reason for voting against those from the
other Territories.
Mr. STEPHENS. The' gentleman will not
show that I have occupied such a position; and
when he reads the opinions of those gentlemen
who were opposed to it, he had better produce
some authority why it ought not to be done.
There was a prevailing opinion that a Delegate
ought not to be admitted in any case until a terri-
torial government was established.
Mr. _ WASHBURN. The gentleman, how-
ever, did vote in the Minnesota or Wisconsin case
to admit the Delegate, although there was no
organized Territory or territorial government
whatever—no power to call an election to elect a
Delegate. But, sir, a short time afterwards he
voted against admitting Delegates from other Ter-
ritories with larger population, where there were,
also, no organized governments. The gentlemen
who spoke against the Delegates from New Mex-
ico and Utah took the ground that there had been
no organization of these Territories. Now, I
should like to know if it be competent for an un-
organized Territory, without any power to call an
election, where everything must be irregular and
informal, to elect a Delegate, who is properly
admitted here, how it can be less legal ana less
formal to admit a Delegate when he comes from a
Territory which has been organized, but where
there has been no legal election, and where, by
invasion, fraud, and violence, a legal election is
impossible ? There is no law in Kansas, any more
than in those other cases, under which an election
has been held, or can be held.
Mr. STEPHENS. I understand the gentle-
man to say there is no election law in Kansas.
Mr. WASHBURN. I did say so. I say the
law there is no law. The pretended enactments
of that pretended Legislature are no legal enact-
ments, for they are fraudulent and void, the work
of invaders and usurpers, as all the world knows.
Mr. STEPHENS. But there is an enactment
purporting to be a law—a wise one, a good one,
as good a one as you have in the State of Maine,
as the gentleman will not deny, to prevent frauds
upon tne people. I venture to say that the law,
which the gentleman says is no law, is as good
a law to protect the right of suffrage as exists in
any State in the Union. There is not a State or
Territory which has a wiser or more stringent
law to protect the ballot-box.
Mr. WASHBURN. A law under which five
hundred, or a thousand, or five thousand men may
go in there from a neighboring State and vote,
when they have not been a single day in the Ter-
ritory—when they go in the morning and return
at night—as good as any in the country, says the
gentleman from Georgia! I thank the gentleman
for this interruption, for I like to have that go
into my speech; a law which is,claimed to be
duly executed when men who were in the Terri-
tory but a single day were, by the judges ap-
pointed under it, permitted to vote; a law which
excludes man from voting who will not swear by
the fugitive slave law and the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise! But, sir, wise or unwise, the
gentleman begs the question, for the existence of
the law is the very question in issue. He affirms
it, and I deny it, and insist that the proofs sus-
tain me.
Mr. STEPHENS. Let the gentleman put the
law into his speech, and not his statement of
what it is.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from Georgia has no right
to interrupt my colleague from Maine; nor can
my colleague yield the floor. The main question
has been ordered, and my colleague onjy has the
privilege of speaking.
Mr. WASHBURN. I beg my colleague to
withdraw his objection. I am willing to hear the
gentleman from Georgia.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
inform the gentleman, that the gentleman from
Maine yielded the floor to the gentleman from
Georgia; and, therefore, the gentleman from
Georgia has a right to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN. I will now read from the
report of the debate in reference to New Mexico
and Utah. It will be borne in mind that the lan-
guage of the resolutions in this case is precisely
the same as the language in the Wisconsin case,
Resolved, that A. B. be admitted"—not that he
is " legally entitled"—not that there is any la^ for
it; but that it is expedient to admit him " as a
Delegate on this floor." The language of the
resolutions in the New Mexico and Utah cases
implies this power of the House. It is as follows:
" Resolved, that it is inexpedient to admit," &c.
Not that the House had not the right to admit.
This language implies the right and power of the
House, in a proper case, to admit a Delegate.
1 propose to read some extracts from the de-
bate on these resolutions. Mr. Crowell, from
Ohio, said:
" Why were Delegates admitted at all ? Congress needed
information. It might be obtained by the admission of
Delegates; it might be obtained by the organization of com-
mittees, to sit during the sittings, or during the recess of
Congress, to enlighten this body upon important matters
upon which it might be called to legislate. That informa-
tion might be obtained in a variety of ways. But the right
to legislate carried with it the right to obtain the informa-
tion upon which that legislation was to be based."
Mr. Bissell, from Illinois, contended that
" It was necessary to have Delegates here from those
Territories—necessary not alone, nor chiefly, to the people
there, but to us in Congress; to the Government here, under
whose protection andguardianshipthese people were. The
Delegate from Deseret being here, and it being in the dis-
cretion of the House to admit or not, he could see no suffi-
cient reason for refusing it. It would neither violate any
constitutional provision nor any existing law." * *
" It was sufficient for him to know that these people were
American citizens."
A gentleman from Maryland, bearing the name
of a distinguished gentleman, now in my eye,
from that State, [Mr. Bowie,]—a very able and
worthy man—made use of the following lan-
guage:
" Acknowledging the justice of the position, that all the
people of the United States who have rights to protect, or
wrongs to redress, should be heard, I am in favor of admit-
ting the gentleman from New Mexico in the character of
an advocate or attorney in facu with liberty to address this
House on all subjects referred to in his letter of insUuc-
tions."
Mr. King, of New York, Mr. Houston, who
then, I think, represented the State of Delaware,
Mr. Schenck, of Ohio, and others, were of the
same mind. Mr. Schenck, of Ohio, made a very
strong and conclusive speech. Mr. Gentry, of
Tennessee, said:
" There was nothing in the Constitution which limited
or prescribed the power of the House in this regard, nor
was there anything in any law of the Government which
did so. Deriving his impressions, and probably his preju-
dices, from those early gleanings of American history,
which we all read in our school-boy days, it was an im-
pression, probably a prejudice, in his mind—he, however,
regarded it as a principle—that a people over whom it was
claimed to exercise the right of governmept, bad the right
to be represented. It was a principle which, in a very great
degree, constituted the essence of the American Revolu-
tion." * * * «He regarded it as a great American
principle, that where the right to rule was asserted, the cor-
relative right of representation must follow; and when-
ever we abandon that right, we are faithless to the princi-
ples of the American Revolution."
Here you deny the right of representation to
Kansas. You deny that she can elect her repre-
sentf«tive by her own people, aDd in her own way.
