1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill'
34th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Giddings
Ho. op Reps.
Missouri goes in there, and sends here a man to
misrepresent her, and you would receive him,
and stifle the voice of the people of the Territory;
and for the sake of establishing slavery on the
purchased soil of freedom, you would trample in
the dust the very right for which our fathers went
to war; and you call it Democracy!
Colonel Gentry continued:
« To put the matter on the ground of policy, he believed
that every consideration of policy slipuld induce us to ad-
mit at once both the Delegate from New Mexico, and the
Delegate from Descret." * * * "If the question
could be decided, divested of all these extraneous issues
which had been connected with it, he believed that scarcely
a doubt would be entertained of the propriety of the admis-
sion of these gentlemen. What evil could result ? What
injury could be inflicted? Let them tells us the wants, the
wishes of these people—under what evils they groan and
suffer, and what particular measures of legislation they
believe best calculated to remedy those evils and reconcile
them to their lot. Thinking so, I vote so. I will never give
my vote under the influence of a clamor."
Now, sir, in these cases of New Mexico and
Deseret there were four objections made. It prin-
cipally was objected that there was no organiza-
tion of the Territories by this Government. If
you will read the speechesof Mr. Strong, of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. Brown, of Mississippi, Mr. Hil-
liard, of Alabama, Mr. Meade, of Virginia, and a
great many others, from which I intended to read
extracts, you will find that, with almost all of
them except the gentleman from Georgia, who
placed his opposition on another ground—the
great objection was, that there was no organ-
ization of the Territories. The reason which
the gentleman from Georgia assigned for ad-
mitting the Delegate from Wisconsin, was^the
very ground on which his friends, with scarce-
ly an exception, voted against admitting the
Delegates from New Mexico and Deseret, and
on which they excluded them. They said,
when New Mexico knocked at their door: "here
is a Territory not organized at all. No Gov-
ernor has been appointed; no boundaries have
been established; you do not know this man, nor
do you know what people he claims to represent."
They said there was no Territory of New Mex-
ico. There were no boundaries to it; and besides
that, what was claimed to be New Mexico was,
in fact, part of Texas, and could not be repre-
sented here separately from Texas; that it was
already represented in the delegation from Texas.
Then, again, there was another objection which
gentlemen relied on: it was that the Delegate
was not chosen by the people, but appointed by
a convention elected for other purposes—to form
a constitution or something of that kind.
Yet, notwithstandingall these objections,which
do not exist here—that the Territory was unor-
ganized—that the boundarieswere uncertain—that
New Mexico was alleged to be a part of Texas—
and that the Delegate was not chosen by the peo-
ple, but by a convention—ninety-four gentlemen,
and amonj them some of the most able and in-
telligent men in the House—Winthrop, of Massa-
chusetts, Schenck, of Ohio, Bowie, of Maryland,
King, of N^w York, Stevens, and Chandler, of
Pennsylvania, and such men, voted to admit the
Delegate.
And now, in this case, whefe there has been an
organization—when there is a population of fifty
thousand in the Territory—and when the circum-
stances of the Territory are such as peculiarly to
demand that she should be represented here, so
that we should know what are her wants and
wishes and interests,—gentlemen argue that we
have no right to admit a Delegate chosen, as we
must believe, by a large majority of the proper
voters of the Territory. Kansas has no strictly
legal Delegate here. She can have none. Shall
she go unrepresented? Or will the House do as
it did in White's and Sibley's cases,with nothing
of the necessity for it which exists in this case—
vote to admit the person claiming to represent her,
who, from all the evidence, we find to be her
true and actual representative ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend from Maine
if he will yield to me for a single moment?
Mr. HOUSTON. For what purpose ?
Mr. SHERMAN. For explanation.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I ask the consent of
the House to print my explanation.
Mr. HOUSTON. If gentlemen on the other
side of the House had not objected to the sitting
Delegate finishing his argument, I should have
objected to nothing. Now, I object to everything
out of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am informed that I have
a right to make an explanation of this kind.
The SPEAKER. The privilege is given, under
the rules, to the gentleman from Maine, to occupy
one hour after the debate shall have been closed.
He has not the right to transfer that privilege to
any other member; and the previous question
having been ordered, the gentleman can make his
explanation only by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply want to correct
a statement made by my colleague on the com-
mittee, [Mr. Oliver.] I have shown the letter
which I hold in my hand to the gentleman, and
it is satisfactory to him.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will not object to the gen-
tleman from Ohio making an explanation, if it is
with the understanding that the same amount of
time shall be given to the gentleman from Mis-
souri to reply.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object, and insist
that the regular order of business shall be pur-
sued .
Mr. WASHBURN. Having shown, first that
there was no legal election, ana second, that the
House may properly admit one not chosen in pur-
suance of law, I pass, thirdly, to inquire who, in
this case, the contestant or the sitting member,
should have the seat? Kansas having, for reasons
stated, and which are in the possession of every
gentleman, been unable to send a Delegate here
chosen in accordance with the provisions of a valid
and subsisting law, has indicated to us clearly who
it is that she desires should make known to us her
opinions and her interests, and that man is not
the sitting Delegate. The majority of her peo-
ple have not said to us that he is their represent-
ative, or that he would represent their wishes. I
submit, upon testimony that ought to be satis-
factory to every member, and which I do not see
how the human mind is capable of resisting, that
the election of the sitting Delegate was in all re-
spects, as well in regard to the law under which
it was held as in regard to the election itself,
illegal and void. And I submit that it is also
true, that the testimony is as reliable and as certain
as ally reasonable man could expect in such a
case as this, that Governor Reeder was desig-
nated by more individuals than expressed a pref-
erence for the sitting Delegate, as the represent-
ative from that Territory.
Now, sir, having shown not only that it is
within the power of the House to receive either
of these gentlemen, but that it is their duty, if
they receive either, to admit the one who is most
truly the representative of the people, there can
be no difhculty as to the vote we ought to give
upon this question.
There are severed other points on which I
intended to touch; and I desired to reply to the
various gentlemen who have spoken upon this
subject; but as I have only a few minutes left, I
will conclude with a single remark upon the com-
plaint made yesterday by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Oliver,] that the majority report
was not furnished him before it was submitted to
the House. I do not pretend to know what the
facts were; but this I know, that neither courtesy
nor usage required that it should be submitted to
him; and I understand, further, that he did have
an opportunity to read and examine that report
before he made his own.
PRIVILEGE OF THE REPRESENTATIVE—PRIVI- \
LEGE OP THE PEOPLE.
SPEECH OF HONT J. R. QIDDINGS,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
July 11,1856,
On the resolutions reported by the select committee to in-
vestigate the alleged assault upon Senator Sdhheb by ,
Mr. Brooks.
Mr. GIDDINGS said:
Mr. Speaker: I feel oppressed with the respons-
ibility under which we are acting. Constituting
this nigh judicatory of the nation, we are sitting
in judgment upon a fellow-member. The eyes
of the people are upon us, and the attention of
civilized nations is directed toward us. We are
about to discharge the highest, the most solemn
duty, to our Government, to the cause of free-
dom and of human progress, which will probably
ever devolve upon us. On every hand, we are
admonished to divest ourselves of every feeling
of partisan attachment; and, bringing with us all
the intelligence, prudence, patriotism, and justice,
we can command, we should approach the ques-
tion in the light of that wisdom which shall guide
us to a just and'Jiroper conclusion.
The accused is a member of our body. Our
sympathies for him, at this most trying period,
cannot, and ought not, to be withheld. Gentle-
men have spoken of personal feelings. If I were
conscious of harboring unkind feelings toward
any human being, I should myself feel most
unhappy. That man is morally disqualified to
discharge the duties of a statesman, who can look
upon any person in distress with other emotions
than those which elevate and ennoble our com-
mon nature.
I speak with more than ordinary feelings. Fif-
teen years since, I was myself arraigned before
my peers of this House. I then stood where the
accused now stands, but under a different charge
and under different circumstances. I was denied
the freedom of speech—not permitted to defend
myself; nor was any friend permitted to utter a
word in my behalf. I was condemned and driven
from my seat under an inexorable tyranny, which,
thank God, is unknown at the present time. I
tender to the accused the kindest sympathies of
my heart. Sooner should my own right arm be
torn from its socket, than I would see him treated
as I was dealt with. I would deal out to him the
same measure pf justice that I would to,a son or
brother. Indeed, he is my brother; for I recog-
nize God as our common father, and mankind as
my brethren. His happiness is as dear to my
heart as that of any other individual outside the
circle of personal friends.
While these are my feelings toward the accused,
I recognize, also, the stern obligations which I
owe to the Constitution of my country, to the
people of these States, to Christianity, and to
civilization.
Representing thirty-one sovereign States—con-
vened, under our Federal Constitution, for the
performance of legislative duties—we look to
that instrument, which delegates to us our only
powers, for our rule of action. That charter of
our liberties provides, that " the Senate shall be
composed of two members from each State." In
the labors of that body each of the several States
—the people of all the States—have an interest.
And to secure this service to the States, and to
the people of the whole Republic, they proceeded
to ordain, further, that, during the session of Con-
gress, and in going to and returning from the same,
such Senators shall be privileged from arrest, except
for treason, felony, or breach of the peace; and jor
any speech or debate in that body, shall not be ques-
tioned in any other place. I repeat, that this was
intended to secure to the nation the services of
each and every Senator, by extending to the indi-
viduals elected this immunity from arrest—this
personal security. ,
This same charter, under which we are now
acting, provides that each House may punish its
members for disorderly behavior, and by a vote
of two thirds may expel a member; and that the
freedom of speech shall never be abridged.
Under the "Constitution," Massachusetts, in
her sovereign capacity, some five years since,
elected a Senator, and charged him with the main-
tenance of her interests, the support of her dig-
nity, and the protection of her rights. He took
his seat in that body with these special duties
resting upon him; but under equal obligations to
exert his best efforts for the honor of our Gov-
ernment, for the welfare of all the people of this
growing Empire, for the elevation of mankind
to a higher intelligence, civilization, and refine-
ment, than that which we now enjoy. His du-
ties had been performed to the acceptance of his
State, and to the satisfaction of the nation gen-
erally.
At the commencement of the present session of
Congress, a matter of intense interest, touching
