1118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 11,
34th Corns.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. of Reps.
the civil war which now rages in Kansas, occu-
pied the public mind, and continued to receive
the attention of the Senate during most of its
sittings tor the last seven months. In relation to
this subject, the Senator from Massachusetts,
acting in accordance with his judgment, and the
popular feeling of his State, was known to stand
on the side of liberty. A Senator from South
Carolina, acting upon the dictates of his own
feelings and those of his State, was known to
have espoused the cause of slavery.
I have taken some pains to ascertain facts as
far as I could, and am assured, by one competent
to make the examination, that the Senator from
South Carolina spoke on this subject thirty-six
times during the present session. This includes
his regular and irregular speeches, interruptions,
and audible assertions. In each and in every in-
stance, I am told, he threw out ideas intended to
operate against freedom in Kansas.
On the 19th and 20th May, the Senator from
Massachusetts spoke upon the same subject. As
he was bound by that respect which he owed to
his State, to the people of the several States, and
to his 'own reputation, he came to the contest
prepared—his thoughts arranged, and his argu-
ment elaborated. I am not about to speak of the
merits of his effort—on that point his address
speaks for itself—but I intend to say that, so far
as he alludes to South Carolina, or the Senator
from that State, it is merely in answer, full and
ample to be sure, yet, nevertheless, in answer, to
the thirty-six speeches of the Senator from South
Carolina. I refer to these facts, at this time, for
the reason that gentlemen attempted to justify the
accused by reason of the severity of language of
the Senator from Massachusetts. But I think
that every word uttered by the Senator from
Massachusetts, in reference to the Senator from
South Carolina, or Iris State, was called for, and
strictly in response to the remarks of that Sen-
ator. Another important fact which I would call
attention to is, that, during the delivery of that
speech, a Senator from South Carolina was pres-
ent, and listened to it in profound silence, not
even intimating that a word, sentence, or para-
graph, transcended the rules of the body, the
parliamentary law, or the proper amenitiep of de-
bate. It was the imperative duty of the presiding
officer of tha't body to call him to order, if in any
respect he violated the rules of debate. Indeed,
it was the duty of every member of that body to
preserve its dignity, and the proper decorum
which is enjoined on every member by the par-
liamentary law.
But, sir, neither the Presiding Officer, nor the
Senator from South Carolina who was present,
nor any member of that body, dreamed that the
Senator from Massachusetts uttered a sentence
or paragraph not strictly authorized by the rules
of that body. Nor was the Senator from Massa-
chusetts supposed to transcend the rules of de-
bate through the forbearance or inattention of
gentlemen opposed to him in politics. I listened
to the whole of that speech. I sat near the
Senator who delivered it, nor was 1 an unin-
terested spectator. And to show that he was
watched with a close scrutiny, I will relate an
incident. In one part of the hall, gentlemen con-
versed so loudly as to disturb the Senator who
was speaking. He stopped, and, turning to the
Sergeant-at-Arms, mildly requested him to pre-
serve order. But scarcely had the words escaped
his lips, before a slaveholding member called
him io order for asking the Sergeant-at-Arms,
instead of the Presiding Officer, to keep order.
The President of the Senate decided him out of
order, and the Senator apologized, saying he
" supposed the President had not noticed the dis-
order." The President assured him he had not,
and the Senator proceeded with his remarks.
Why, sir, three fourths of the Senate were op-
posed politically to the Senator from Massachu-
setts. They had the power to compel him to
observe order, at any moment, and to silence him
if he erred in this respect, and it was their duty
to do it. To assert that they permitted him to
utter language not authorized by the rules of the
Senate, is to stultify every member of that body.
It was under these circumstances that the
accused, & member of this House, imagined that
his State and har absent Senator had been im-
properly and unjustifiably assailed by the Senator
from Massachusetts; and, by a code of morals
unknown to the more enlightened civilization of
the free States, he sat in judgment upon the case,
and determined the Senator's guilt. He pro-
nounced the parliamentary law, the rules of the
Senate, the laws of the land, and that higher tri-
bunal of our country—public opinion—defective
and impotent in the administration of justice;
and, assuming the right to avenge his supposed
wrongs, he entered that inner sanctuary of the
people, and, while the Senator was engaged at
his table, struck him down with a bludgeon, and
in a barbarous manner continued to beat his
prostrate and apparently lifeless form, until gen-
tlemen came from distant parts of the Hall, and
forcibly took him from his victim. Of these facts
there is neither denial nor doubt. The record of
the testimony and avowals of the accused have
placed them beyond controversy, and it is no
purpose of mine to aggravate or extenuate them.
The natural result has followed the commission
of this offense. The State of Massachusetts has
been thus far deprived of the services of her
Senator. The people of our nation have lost the
benefit of his labors. The cause of human prog-
ress, of civilization, of Christianity, have lost
the efforts of an able advocate.
We are not trying a case of assault and battery,
as some gentlemen have represented. The crime
which we are investigating was committed against
the most vital principles of the Constitution,
against the Government itself, against the sover-
eignty of Massachusetts, against the people of
the United States, against Christianity and civil-
ization. For these great crimes, the accused is now
arraigned before the Representatives of the people.
There are considerations which cannot be sep-
arated from this case. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts was not the mere representative of a
State, or party, or section. He labored for the
elevation of our Government and of mankind.
His efforts were not limited to the East or the
West, to the North or the South. In him and in
his labors, the slaveholder,'the Abolitionist, and
the slave, were equally interested; and the blow
which struck him to the earth, throbbed in the
temples of twenty-five millions of people. He
had traveled extensively in Europe, had made
the acquaintance of her leading statesmen and
philanthropists. In Great Britain and on the
continent, he was known as an able and devoted
friend of humanity; and when they learned that
he had entered the Senate, they were strengthened
in their belief that this grand experiment, which
is now testing the ability of man to govern hint-
self, would succeed. But when they read of this
outrage, they felt the wound which had been
inflicted upon the cause of truth, justice, and
free institutions. Sir, the great and the good in
other lands deeply sympathize with the friends
of freedom in our own country. Their confi-
dence in the success of that high and pure philan-
thropy^ which the Senator from Massachusetts
was a devoted advocate, was impaired by this
assault upon him. Wherever Christianity has
friends, good men will lament, bitterly lament this
sad outrage.
Borne down by the weight of these consider-
ations, we turn to the particular friends of the
accused; we call on them for some excuse or jus-
tification, or mitigating circumstance attending
this violent assault upon our free institutions. ,
They reply, that this is an ordinary case of assault
and battery, punishable only by municipal laws.
After the very clear distinction shown by my col-
league [Mr. Bingham] between the assault and
battery which was an offense against the peace I
of the community, punishable in municipal courts,
under municipal law, and this great crime against
the Constitution, against the sovereignty of Mas-
sachusetts, and against the people of all the States,
cognizable only in this high judicatory, this argu-
ment on behalf of the accused does injustice to . j
the moral and legal acumen of those who make 1
it. The municipal court had no jurisdiction of
this outrage upon the Constitution, nor have we ;
jurisdiction of the offense against the municipal
laws. We cannot fine the accused, nor eould
that court expel him from this body. But I will
not argue this objection further, as it has been j|
i already fully answered by other gentlemen. i!
Gentlemen plead to the jurisdiction of this body.
They first deny that the authority of the Consti-
tution to punish for disorderly conduct, and, by
a vote of two thirds, to expel a member, extends
to offenses committed outside these walls. The
longarray of cases cited by my eloquent colleague,
[Mr. Bingham,] and by the able chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Penning-
ton,] and by the astute gentleman who presides
over the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Sim-
mons,] would seem to have placed this point be-
yond controversy. But, without referring to those
authorities or precedents, I have no hesitation in
saying that every court of justice and every legis-
lative body is clothed with the inherent right,
with the moral duty, and that the political neces-
sity rests upon it, to protect itself. Without the
exercise of this right and power, no legislative
body can exist.
Gentlemen next meet us with the argument
that this body cannot punish its members for
contempt, or for offenses, or disorderly conduct,
unless we shall have defined the ciu#ne, and pre-
scribed the penalty, by existing rules or statute.
This point has been often urged, perhaps I
may say it has been brought forward in almost
every case since the time of Jefferson, but never
successfully. It has also been fully met by the
gentlemen referred to. They have placed it in
such a clear and distinct light that it would ap-
pear very little remains to be said upon -it. I
would, however, add, that we are here as the
•Representatives of the people, for the purpose of
legislating, clothed with the necessary powers to
discharge that duty. We are at all times equally
supreme. We may make a law to-day, and re-
peal it to-morrow. We may establish rules to-
day, and repudiate them at our next sitting. Our
only law is that great fundamental law, the Con-
stitution; and the only court in which our errors
can be reviewed or'corrected, is the enlightened
tribunal of popular opinion, where retributive
justice is dealt out to us, and to those whom We
judge. We should bear in mind that we are not
sitting as a nisi prius court, holding our sessions
under and by virtue of statute laws, and acting
in conformity to the dictates and decisions of
some more dignified tribunal.
Yet this argument against the exefcise of any
and of all discretion by this body, is urged with
great ability by gentlemen from the southern
: section of our Union. Gentlemen from the slave-
j holding States are distinguished usually for what
I they term a " strict construction of the Constitu-
! tion;" and, on the present occasion, this doctrinO
has been urged, and its application insisted on,
by every gentleman from our slaveholding States.
I have reason to know that they have not at all
times beep tenacious of either the doctrine or its
application. Statesmen should have memories!
Fifteen years since, I witnessed a different
scene in this hall. The Hon. John duincy Adams,
at that time a Representative from Massachusetts,
was placed on trial. The difficulty at that time,
as well as on the present occasion, originated in
the conflict between freedom and slavery. Some
of the people of Massachusetts, feeling burdened
with the expenses which the support of that insti-
tution had brought upon our Government, sent
to this body a respectful petition, praying Con-
gress to take measure for a peaceful dissolution
of the Union. This petition was transmitted to
Mr. Adams for presentation. In the true spirit
of our institutions, he felt that the people, consti-
tuting the sovereign power of the nation, were to
be treated respectfully, and their petitions an-
swered in candor. He moved the reference of
the petition to a select committee, with instruc-
tions to report to the House, and through thii
body to the petitioners and the country, the
reasons why such petition could not be granted.
But, sir, he had notgiven full utterance to these
words, before at least a score of southern mem-
bers were upon their feet, each demanding an
opportunity to speak. In a few moments, a gen-
tleman from Virginia (Mr. Gilmer) presented a
resolution, declaring " that the member from
Massachusetts, by presenting to this House a
petition for a dissolution of the Union, had justly
incurred the severe censure of this body." Mark
the fact, that this resolution came from Virginia,
that landof abstractioM and of strict construction.
