1120
APPErtWX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 11,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. of Reps.
individual to act his own judgment, without
reference to any party. Let him act in such
manner as to insure the approbation of his own
conscience. True, we constitute a high tribunal
for the trial of a fellow-member; but above us is j
one more just, more dignified, more powerful— '
the tribunal of the people — who will not only
judge the case before us, and correct any errors
we may commit, but they will also judge each
of us, and determine whether we do our duty in
regard to it, and will award both to the accused
and to ourselves the just merit or the appropriate
penalty which he and we deserve. But if Repub-
licans do rigftf, and the Democrats wrong, the
people will reward one, and condemn the other. |
And now, having disposed of these matters, 1
approach the principal point relied on by the
friends of the accused. They insist that the
speech of the Senator from Massachusetts con-
tains such gross attacks on South Carolina, and
on one of her Senators, as to justify the deadly
assault made on him.
I stated, at the commencement of my remarks,
that the speech was in strict compliance with the
parliamentary law; that, during its delivery,
neither the President of the Senate, nor the mem-
ber of that body from South Carolina then pres-
ent, nor any other Senator, had called him to
order for anything said in his speech, although
they were authorized to do so. Again, no mem-
ber who has yet spoken has attempted to point .
out a word, a sentence, or paragraph, in that
speech, which, in the opinion of any man, trans-
cends the strictest rules of debate. There is no
such word, sentence, or paragraph,in the speech.
Now, sir, if there be any one principle which
I regard as clear and indisputable, it is, that the
" freedom of debate," which the Constitution
says " shall not be abridged," has no limitation
inside the rules of debate established by the Sen-
ate and by parliamentary law; and to say that a
speaker, while he keeps within parliamentary
rules, is also subject to the censorship of individ-
uals who may feel aggrieved at his remarks,
would be so obviously absurd that no argument
could render its erroneous character more appa-
rent. Were such a doctrine to prevail, we should
be constrained, not merely to surrender the right
of free speech, but with that surrender we must
resign all hopes of a free Government.
But I will not stop at this point. I say, with
publicists, and statesmen, and jurists, that no
words, whatever may be their character, can
justify an assault, even under municipal law. On !
this point, so plain to the comprehension of every '
mind, I will not quote authorities, nor will I read
decisions of courts or of legislative bodies. If such
quotations were necessary, that duty has been
fully and well performed by other gentlemen.
This doctrine of the right to avenge one's own
wrongs, strikes at the existence of all govern-
ment. If a man slander another, the law is open,
and he should be made to respond in damages.
But if the offended party be allowed to judge in
his own case, and avenge his own grievance,
society must at once resolve itself into its original
elements, and might becomes the only arbiter !j
between individuals. The weak will be subdued, 'j
and the selfishness of mankind will become their 1
only rule of action. It has, therefore, been found j
necessary to establish such laws as will secure the
weak and helpless in the enjoyment of their rights,
and restrain the strong and powerful from en-
croaching upon the rights of others.
These principles, however, have very little to
do with the case before us. They may have been
agitated with propriety upon the trial of the ac-
cused before the municipal court. He was then
on trial for his offense against the peace of the :
community—against the personal security of in-
dividuals—against municipal law. That case has
been fully tried and determined. With it we have
nothing to do. But here, in this high judicatory
of the people, the sovereign State of Massachu-
setts charges a member of our body with a viola-
tion of our Federal Constitution. She declares
that the accused has deprived her of the services
of one of her Senators in the high councils of the
nation—a crime of which the municipal court
could not take jurisdiction—that he has, in fact,
abridged the freedom of speech, by depriving I
ltvt Senator of the power or speaking; that for |
debate in the Senate her representative has been
questioned, and by physical violence held respons-
ible in another place. The people of these thirty-
one sovereign States are also complainants. They ;
allege that they have been deprived of the bene- i
fits which would have resulted from the public
labors of the disabled Senator. They charge the
accused with having profaned the temple of lib-
erty, with violating the sanctity of her inner
court, and with a barbarous hand striking down
a minister, as he was serving at the altar of free-
dom. The good and the great of all lands present
their complaints, declaring that the cause of jus-
tice has been deeply wounded by the accused
having stricken down one of its most able advo-
cates, thereby retarding the great work of civili-
zation and Christianity.
To this arraignment, to these charges, I have
heard no response, in mitigation or excuse, either
from the accused, or from any friend who has
attempted to advocate his cause. On these charges
they stand mute. They have advanced no plea,
no answer, no argument, responsive to them.
On the contrary, the facts stand confessed; the
crime is one of great moral and political turpi-
tude. And it now remains only to consider the
penalty which ought to be awarded. We seek
to inflict no corporal punishment, nor to take
from the accused his pecuniary means, nor to
wound his feelings, nor to tarnish-his honor.
We are actuated by no such desire. Our present
wish, our only purpose, is to vindicate the Con-
stitution, the rights of the States, and of the
people; to lustrate ou  Government and our insti-
tutions from the stigma brought upon them by
this great, this lamentable outrage.
This can only be done by excluding the perpe-
trator from our body. The moral sensibilities of
the nation have been shocked, and it is our duty
to expel the member. That is recommended by
the committee. They have reported a resolution
expelling him from this House. I shall feel con-
strained to vote for it. I would have preferred a
resolution not merely expelling him, but adding
to that expulsion a clause declaring him incapaci-
tated to hold a seat in the present Congress. I
think that would more perfectly comport with
the feelings and the expectations of the people.
I shall, however, offer no amendment, but con-
tent myself with voting to confirm the action of
the committee.
Mr. Speaker, I feel humiliated, as a member of
this American Congress, when I read the com-
ments which have appeared in the European press
upon this subject, and learn the pain and mortifi-
cation to which it has subjected the advocates of
liberty and free government in England and on
the continent. Let those friends and presses in
foreign lands know that the advocates of human
progress in these United States feel deeply the
reproach which this transaction has brought upon
the Government instituted by Washington and
his compatriots; yet it does not discourage them,
nor does it impair their confidence in this greatest
of all political experiments, to test the capability
of man to govern himself. Grave as the outrage
must be regarded, it is but an incident in our
political history, which, if properly regarded and
condemne.d by the people, will not be likely to
occur again.
It has resulted from the manners, customs, and
habits of our slaveholding population. Human
bondage had its origin in violence, and is sus-
tained by force. Persons bred up in slavehold-
ing communities become accustomed to see the
rights of personal security violated; God's image
is daily assailed, disfigured, and mutilated before
their eyes. The slave is scourged, beaten, and
sometimes murdered in their presence. These
things beget a disregard for this body, this hab-
itation of the human soul. Hence the frequent
scenes of violence, the fisticuffs, street fights,
shootings, assassinations, and murders among
our slaveholding population.
If a man speaks disrespectfully of another, the
injured party seeks his revenge in violence. If
a man insult another, the injured party feels at
liberty to shoot him. With them, the remedy
for personal injury appears to be the infliction
of bodily pain, or suffering, or death, upon the
offending party.
Mr. Jefferson, speaking on this subject, de-
clared, " there must doubtless be an unhappy influ-
ence on the manners of our people produced by the
existence of slavery among us. The whole commerce
(says he) between master and slave is an exercife of
the most boisterous passions, the most unremitting
despotism."
Not so with the free population of our north-
ern States. Therg a higher degree of civilization
exists. If a man treats another disrespectfully,
the matter is referred, by common consent, to
the judgment of their peers, the people around
them. They censure or condemn, as justice re-
quires. The penalty affects the moral, the so-
cial, and the political condition of the offender.
From these penalties he cannot escape.
If a man utters language offensive to another,
either in a bar-room or drawing-room, in the
Eulpit, or at the bar, or in the legislative halls,
e is held to answer for such violation of propri-
ety before the tribunal of popular opinion. That
opinion is always intelligent, impartial, and just.
We place an unlimited confidence in its wisdom,
and its judgments are always satisfactory. Nor
does this system interfere with judicial proceed-
ings. It is above the decisions of municipal
courts. #They are bound down by statute laws,
and trammeled by rules of evidence; but no mat-
ter what their judgments may be, the popular
mind will award the appropriate penalty to all
offenders against social, moral, and political pro-
priety. Hence affrays, street-fights, shootings,
and violence, are unknown among our people. I
Ifave resided more than half a century in my con-
gressional district; I have during that time liter-
ally mingled with the people; but I never saw a
man strike another in either of the counties which
I represent. Such is the case in all communities
of sufficient intelligence and refinement to prac-
tice self-government.
The contrast which I have drawn between the
manners and customs of the free and slave States
was never mors marked than it has been in this
debate. Every southern member who has ex-
pressed an opinion on the question has declared
the severity of the language used by the Senator
from Massachusetts good cause for the assault
made upon him; while every member from the
free States who has spoken has expressed his de-
cided opinion thatit could afford no cause,excuse,
or justification, for such an act. As I have sta-
ted, Mr. Butler spoke on the subject of Kansas
thirty-six times during the present session; the
people judged of the merits of his several Speeches.
The speech of the Senator from Massachusetts
was published, and the people will do justice to
that also; and no act of the accused can affect the
opinion of the country in regard to its merits.
He, however, took upon himself the responsibility
of avenging what he regarded a grievance, and
popular opinion will also pass judgment on his
act, and those who come after us will do justice
to all concerned.
While my venerable associate from Massachu-
setts (Mr. Adams) was on trial for performing a
plain constitutional duty, he was assailed with
the bitterest invective by slaveholders. The
member now on trial from South Carolina has
heard from the Representatives of our free States
no word of personal unkindness. Never was the
contrast between our free institutions of the North
and the slavery of the South more distinctly
marked, nor their effect on society more visible.
Violence, brute force, appeal to weapons, and
bloodshed, mark the pathway of one, while
reflection, reason Justice, and the Gospel off>eace,
control the other.
Mr. Speaker, this case has arisen from efforts
to abridge the freedom of debate. The blows
which fell upon the head of the Senator' from
Massachusetts were aimed at the freedom of
speech. That Senator had, in his place, discharged
the duty which he owed to himself, to his State,
and to mankind. I feel that every word was true
and just; and such are the feelings of nine tenths
of the population of the free North. But, for this
discharge of duty, he was barbarously stricken
down in his place. I had supposed the freedom
of speech in Congress to have been regained.
Our ** gag rules," as they were called, have been
repudiated, and stricken from our Manual, and
for years we have spoken as freely in this body
Qg have in our popular assemblies. But now
