1856.)
34th Cong.... 1 st Sess.
AFPJEKD1X TO TM£ OOSKJiifiSSIOISAL GLOBfc.
1121
Slavery Question—Mr. Letcher.
Ho. op Reps.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN LETCHER,
OF VTRGINIA,
Ik the Hocie or Refbeientatives,
Augvrt 2, 1856.
Tbe Rook twin? in the Committee of, the Whole on the
ftetc of tlw Union,
Mr. LETCHER said:
Mr. Chairman: I have listened attentively to
the speech just delivered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] and before I proceed to the
questions which I design to discuss, I desire to
notice very briefly one or two points which have j
been made in that speech. {
The gentleman starts out with the inquiry, '
"Coula our fathers have resisted the power of \
Britain if the slave power had then held the con- ••
trol of this country?" Now, sir, it seems to me
the gentleman ought to know that at that time of
our difficulties with England, when the war of
the Revolution began, all the States of this Union
were shareholding States. The State of New
York, and all the States of the original thirteen,
recognized slavery. Now, sir, according to the
gentleman's theory, is it not somewhat remark-
able that, with all our colonies slaveholding, oar
New Series.—No. 71.
the contest has been suddenly renewed, and its
renewal has been literally marked with blood;
aiid how long it will continue is unknown.
Sir, this renewed attempt to restrain free speech
has awaked in my breast sad and painful recol-
k\uons. It waa my fortune to be one of the
earliest Ticiiius ot that illiberal and proscriptive
spirit. For years I sat in this body with my lips
sealed. We were not permitted to speak of sla-
very in any other than the most respectful terms.
>'o member waa allowed to utter the doctrines of
JelRraonor Franklin, of Hancock or Adams. To
wgain the freedom of speech, I labored long and
assiduously. I passed through many scenes of
excitement and interest. I have been assaulted
with the £st. I have seen the bludgeon flourished
orer ma while speaking. In this Hall 1 have seen
the bowie-knife menacingly drawn upon me,
within striking distance of my person; and I have
heard the click of the pistol, as it waa cocked,
apparently for ray assassination. I do not think,
however, that I was in danger; for persons who
thus play <l)e bully are generally suspected not
to be very dangerous. Those scenes now consti-
tute reminiscences, in no respect honorable to the
habits and manners of those who justify them.
They occurred, too, at times when the advocates
of freedom were socially o>traeised in this city,
and regarded with disfuvor by all officers of Gov-
ernment.
Against this social and official tyranny I con-
tended feebly, but steadily. The influence of
popular opinion was at length brought to bear
upon Congress, and our cause appeared to pro-
gress u a maimer most encouraging to the advo-
cates of liberty. This progress of freedom ap-
pears to have aroused a spirit of corresponding
hostility, and we now find ourselves involved in
this question of transcendent importance. It is
a marked incident in that great contest which has
long been waged between the slave power and the
spirit of freedom. In that conflict, I have min-
gled until my head has become white with the
frosts of age, and my body begins to bend with
the weight of years—until the silver cord is be-
coming loosed, and the wheel moves slowly at the
cistern, and the golden bowl is being broken at
the fountain.
FeUotc-mrmhers! to you, to the younger and
abler statesmen of our land, I must consign this
cause in which 1 have so long labored in an hum-
ble sphere, but with a willing, earnest, and devout
spirit. 1 must soon retire; but, while I may lin-
ger upon the veree of life, my thoughts will often ;
revert to this Hall, and cluster around those
friends with whom I have served; and, be assured,
i wilt then perform the last service which an old
man can render to his country: I will prey that
justice may guide its legislation, that liberty and
progress ana prosperity may mark its pathway
in all coming time.
arms should have been favored by Divine Provi-
dence, and our cause so eminently successful?
How does he reconcile this glorious result with
his theory ol the sin, guilt, and shame of slavery?
But the gentleman says, further, that we are
dishonoring the memories of our fathers and
mothers—those of us, at least, who live in that
portion of the Union where slavery is recognized
and now exists. How are we dishonoring the
memories of our fathers and mothers ? Are not
ojir institutions in the South now exactly the
same that they were in the days of our struggle
with the mother country? Is there any change
in that section of country in which our lot has
been cast? Has any new thing been introduced
into the condition or the southern States that is
calculated to throw discredit or dishonor on the
ancestors of the present generation ? Sir, let the
gentleman call to mind the fact that that portion
of the Union which has freed itself from slavery,
got rid of it, not by acts of emancipation, but by
acts on either the pest nata, or some postponement
principle which allowed the slaves to be removed
before the law went into effect, in order that they
might be disposed of for-a full pecuniary consid-
eration. Such was the case in New York. It
has not been many years since a suit for freedom
was tried in my own section of Virginia, insti-
tuted by slaves who were taken from New York
and sold in my State, in violation of her laws, as
they alleged. The owners of the slaves in New
York at that day preferred to sell their slaves for
money and pocket the proceeds, before the law
of New York could go into effect. They had no
qualms of conscience then to restrain them. Rec-
ognizing slaves as property, they sold and trans-
ferred them as property to any one who would
purchase and pay for them.
There is another point. The gentleman tells us
that he desires "moderately and temperately to draw
a line around the southern States," and proclaim
to the people of the South, thus far slavery shall
go, and not one inch beyond it. The gentleman
has given us a sample to-night of his temperance
and moderation upon this subject; and I say God
help that portion of this country that is to have
lines drawn under his charitable views! His
speech to-night is as ultra as any one that I have
heard on this floor, from any quarter whatever;
and when the gentleman talks about temperance
and inoderation on his side, in a discussion of a
question like this, he must permit me to say that
it is a most scandalous misapplication of terms.
[Laughter.] And, in this connection, the gentle-
man tell* us that" he laves tin* Union"—that " he
venerates it"—that he entertains " a holy affection
for it;" and here, sir, I might apply his own quo-
tation without disrespect. I imagine that the
sentiments of affection he has expressed on this
floor for the Union are very much like the affec-
tion (in his own language) which " the Devil has
for holy water." [Laughter.]
The next proposition the gentleman lays down
is, that the phrase in the preamble to the Con-
stitution—" We, the people'—means, not the peo-
ple north of Mason and Dixon's line, not the
people south of that line, but all the people of the
United States. I should like to know from the
gentleman from Ohio, whether it is his opinion
that the phrase quoted from the preamble to the
Constitution was intended to include all the peo-
ple of all colors and complexions; when inserted
in that preamble, is he to be understood as saying 1
that it embraced the white people of the States,
male and female, and the black people of the i
States, male and female, and the mulattoes of the
States, male and female ? and that it was a recog-
nition of that equality between these classes and j
races which he says is maintained in the Decla- i
ration of Independence ? Is he to be understood
as saying that this clause was intended to cover
all and embrace all these classes of people ? |
When that provision was inserted in the pre-
amble to the Constitution, slavery existed in all
the States. Our fathers never intended to declare, 1
nor did they ever admit, by word or act, that the ;
phrase '' We, the people,'' when placed in that pre-
amble, was designed to recognize the equality of
the white and black races. No, sir! It refers to,
and was intended to include, none other than the
white race then existing, and their descendants
and successors. They never dreamed of includ-
I ing the negro, because the position in society
I which he occupied forbade it.
But I was greatly amused at the gentleman's
adroitnesses exhibited neartlie close of his speech.
My friend from Mississippi [Mr. Wright] wished
to know of him whether he recognized the right
of the southern slaveholders to reclaim their
slaves, if they absconded and were found in a free
State. 1 have not heard an answer from him to
that question yet. The gentleman talked about
a good many other things, but he was particu-
larly careful to dodge that question. And it
struck me that there was a reason for it. It lias
not been quite a week since the gentleman himself
voted far " the fugitive slave laic." And, that I
may not be charged with doing injustice to that
gentleman, I beg leave to call his attention to a
bill for which he voted, and for which every other
gentleman of his particular stripe voted, save the
intelligent and cautious gentleman from Ohio now
before me, [Mr. Leiter.] In the bill of Mr.
Dunn for the reorganization of the Territory of
Kansas, and in the 24th section of that bill, it is,
amongst other things, declared: ,
I' That any person lawfully held to service in either of tka
said Territories shall not be discharged from such service
by reason of such repeal, if such person shall be perma-
nently removed from such Territory or Territories prior to
the first day of January, eighteen hundred and fifty-eig&t;
and any child or children born, in either of said Territories,
of any female lawfully held to service, if in like manner
removed without said Territories before the expiration of tliht
date, shall not be, by reason of anything in this act, emaeipa-
ted firom any service it might have owed had this act newer
been passed: Jlndproridedfurther, That any person Imrfully
owing service in any other State or Territory of the United
States, and escaping into either the Territory of Kansas or
Nchrwska, may he reclaimed and removed to the person or
place where nick service is due, under any km- oj the United
States which shall he in force upon the subject."
Now, sir, the gentleman has been horror-
stricken for years over the fugitive slave law of
1850; and yet, no longer ago than last Tuesday,
the scales fell from his eyes, and he and his
friends marched up in solemn column, with one
exception, and recorded their indorsement of the
constitutionality and policy of the fugitive slave
law of 1850. Ever since its passage, he and his
allies have denounced it as. unconstitutional and
void, and have addressed the most inflammatory
appeals to the people of the northern States to
resist its execution.
Mr. WADE. That was a bitter pill, and ■ I
tasted it distinctly when I took it; but, being
: driven into a corner by the sham Democracy in
their efforts to ingraft slavery upon Kansas, I
' thought it better to let thena have the fugitive
i slave law in Kansas, until I could get a fairer lick
at it and knock it in the head.
Mr. LETCHER. It " was a bitter pill,"ai}4
he was " driven into a corner" before ne would
consent to swallow it! But when " driven into, a
corner" he did swallow it, and voted to reenact a
law which, in the presence of the House of Rep-
resentatives, before the faces of his constituents,
and in his conversations, he has been in the con-
stant habit of denouncing in the most inflamma-
tory languague, as a palpable violation of the
laws of God, and of the Constitution of hia
country, which he has sworn to support !
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to ask the gentfe-
man a question. Did he not vote against the
law?
! Mr. LETCHER. I was not here. [Laughter.]
I happened to be on that day addressing my con-
stituents, and warning them of the revolutionary
conduct being pursued by these moderate and tem-
perate gentlemen on your side of the House, and
who constitute your party.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would like to know
whether the gentleman would not have voted for
it if he had been here ?
Mr. LETCHER. I would not; but not because
I considered the fugitive slave law either inexpe-
dient or unconstitutional. It is sufficient for me
to know that it is now the law of the land, in full
force and effect. But you, gentlemen, not con-
tent with its enactment in 1850, gravely reenact it,
and specially apply it to Kansas; and as you have
all now given it yourttpproval, I trust we shall
hear nothing more of its unconstitutionality, or
of its barbarous features. When you return to
your constituents I expect to learn that you have
admitted your error—that by the same process of
reasoning which has satisfied your own minds,
