1122
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 2,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Letcher.
Ho. of Reps.
you will satisfy them of its constitutionality, and
its accordance with the laws of God, and urge
: upon them the propriety and duty of a rigid en-
forcement of all its provisions. This is their
duty as late-abiding men. Their representatives
here have moderated their views, and as they have
marched up to it quietly and deliberately, and
cast their votes for the fugitive slave law, hereto-
fore so much denounced, I imagine they are ready
to go a little further (and that their constituents
will sustain their efforts) to save the Union, which
the gentleman from Ohio professes to love so well.
Now, there is one other point in the gentle-
man's speech which 1 desire to notice. The gen-
tleman says that every man in this country has
the right to bear arms; that it is a constitutional
"tight, and that the Government has no right to
interfere with him in the enjoyment of this priv-
' ilege. I admit this to be true, constitutional
ground; and yet that gentleman, and his friends
upon that side of the House, voted for Mr. Bar-
bock's amendment to the Army bill, which gave
the President the power to disarm ail the people
of Kansas. What a power to clothe an Execu-
tive with, whom they denounce as tyrannical!
Napoleon III. has no more.
I desire to know whether the gentleman is
honoring the institutions, principles, and senti-
ments of the northern people, of his ancestors, in
all his acts, opinions, and principles? In 1786,
by the fifth section of an act passed by the Mas-
sachusetts Legislature, every white person was
prohibited from intermarrying with a negro, and
•very negro from intermarrying with a white
person, and the same prohibition extended to In-
dians also, and all such marriages were declared
void. That provision remained upon the statute-
book until 1843, when it was repealed; and since
that time white persons and negroes, under this
law of1843, may be united in matrimony. Now,
sir, if I am not very much mistaken, the friends
of the gentleman from Ohio, in the Legislature of
that State, a few years ago, honored their fathers
and tnothers by the passage of a similar law. And
if you will go through the northeastern States,
you will find that in many of them their ances-
tors have been honored in the same extraordinary
war.
These are the people who talk about slavery
and its horrors in the South; and yet they are for
consummating a union between the races, to as-
certain which will absorb the other. Such unions
must inevitably degrade the free labor of the
North, and sink it below the slave labor of
the South. The free white man, who can get
his own consent to such a marriage must have
Bunk low in the pit of personal degradation—
must have forfeited all his own self-respect.' Such
a man will be a disgrace to any society. Even
the respectable negro slaves of the South would
scorn all association with him.
Whom are these laws intended for at the
North? Are they intended for the benefit of the
wealthy—the upper ten thousand—" the lords of
the loom ?" or are they intended as a special boon
for the northern mechanic and the day laborer ?
Are such laws intended by the aristocracy for
any other class than those who occupy the posi-
tion of laborers in the northern States ? Is it not
astonishing that the laboring classes of the North
should have rested so patiently under an insult
so gross ? I trust they will vindicate their char-
acter and their honor by hurling from power and
place all who indorse such laws.
This slavery agitation has been going on for
many years. About the year 1835 it had attained
such a strength in this country, and it had sought
to exert its influence upon the slaveholding States
to such an extent, by means of the vilest publi-
cations and pictorial representations disseminated
through the mails, and by traveling agents, cal-
culated " to produce dissatisfaction and revolt
among the slaves, and to incite their wild passions
to vengeance," that it attracted the attention of
• General Jackson, the then President of the Uni-
ted States. He invited the special attention of
Congress to it in his message of December, 1835,
and recommended a remedy. " In connection,"
t.aid he, " with these provisions in relation to the
, Post Office Department, I must also invite your
• attention to the painful excitement produced in
the South by attempts to circulate through the
mails inflammatory appeals to the slaves, and in
various sorts of publications, calculated to stim-
ulate them to insurrection, and to produce all the
horrors of a Servile war." In consequence of this
recommendation of General Jackson, the subject
was taken up by Congress, and an act subse-
quently passed, which prohibited the use of the
mails for such murderous and incendiary pur-
poses.
The objects which the Abolitionists then had
in view, as a reference to their petitions will clea4y
demonstrate, are—
First. The abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia;
Second. The exclusion of slave States from ad-
mission into the Union, Florida being at that time
particularly struck at by them.
One of the first Governors of any State that
took a position in behalf of the agitation, and
fully and squarely indorsed it—that undertook to
denounce those northwn statesmen who resisted
the Abolition movement, and to denounce all action
on the partof the Congress of the United States for
the protection of the southern half of this nation
against their insane war upon its rights and its peace
—was the then Governor of the State of Penn-
sylvania, Joseph Ritner; and among the men who
arrayed themselves prominently in opposition to
the recommendations contained in his annual
message, was one of the present candidates for
the Presidency of the United States. Mr. Buch-
anan, in his speech delivered at Lancaster on the
18th of August, 1838, immediately previous to
the gubernatorial contest between Ritner and
Porter, discussed with great power and ability
j the questions involved in that election; andlquote
| the following extract from his speech made on
j that occasion:
I "Mr. Buchanan said there was one subject of vital im-
j portance to the peace and perpetuity of the Union, which had
i not occupied much of the attention of the former speakers j
j and, therefore, he would make a few remarks upon it. He
II referred to abolition.
; j " Before the spirit of abolition had been conjured up from
j its dark abode by political fanatics and hot-headed enthusi-
! ] asts, all was comparatively peaceful and tranquil in the south-
' era States.
" When the message of Governor Ritner was received in
| Washington, in 1836, it was considered by all as an aboli-
tion message, and, as such, it produced an impression which
I shall never forget. With the utmost anxiety depicted on
the countenances of inquirers, was I asked over and over
again, whether, in my opinion, it spoke the voice of Penn-
sylvania ? The Keystone State, which had been the firmest
bulwark of the Union, and had always respected the con-
stitutional rights of her sister States, had embraced, so ftir
as her Governor could commit her, the creed, and had
placed herself in the front rank of abolition. It remains
for the people of this great Commonwealth, at the next elec-
tion, to ratify or reject the doctrines of this message. I con-
sider the question to be one of tramcendant importance, in-
volving in itself the fate of the Union, and alt that is near
and dear to thefriends of constitutional liberty, not only here,
but throughout the world.
" X might here also proceed to illustrate the effects of the
triumph of this doctrine. What would be your situation,
fellow-citizens, if negroes were admitted to an equality of
political and social rights with white men and white women 7
Vou have already had a foretaste of it in the scenes which
were exhibited at Pennsylvania Hall. The subject is too
disgusting, and I recoil from it."
jj These extracts show the position Mr. Buch-
j' anan then occupied upon this exciting subject,
I1 and set forth frankly the great consideration that
11 influenced his mind in taking thatposition at that
early day. He admonished his people then, that
• it was a war commenced which must sooner or
; later, if it continued, end in a dissolution of the
|! Union. At that very time, as now, the ground
I was taken that slavery must be abolished in the
II District of Columbia; that no more slave States
should be admitted into this Union; that no more
slave Territories should be organized; that the
North was to resist even the admission of Flori-
da—a State lying at the extreme South, hundreds
of miles distant from any free State, and bound-
ed only by slaveholding States of the Union.
These gentlemen say slavery is to go no fur-
ther. Now let us see what has been the past ac-
tion of their fathers in regard to the question, so
that we may ascertain how far they are honoring
their ancestors in the course which they are now
pursuing. Since the formation of this Govern-
ment with the original thirteen States, eighteen
have been added to the Union, making the pres-
ent number of thirty-one; and of these eighteen
so added, nine have been free States, ana nine
have be«n slave States. And these new States,
with the exception of one or two, have been ad-
mitted pari passu, or with very short intervals
between the admission of the northern and of the
southern States, in order that the equilibrium
might be kept up between the North and the
South in the Senate. Let me call attention to the
order in which they came into this Union, under
the rule and influence of our ancestors, who filled
the seats in Congress which are now held by us.
Vermont and Kentucky, Tennessee and Ohio,
Indiana and Mississippi, Illinois and Alabama,
Maine and Missouri, came in together, or near
the same time. And, mark you, sir, when Mis-
souri was admitted, the State of Maine was cut
] off from the then State of Massachusetts for the
j purpose of keeping up the equilibrium between
' the North and South. When has a slaveholding
| State been divided for any such purpose as this,
i in the history of the Government? And where
is the record to show that our fathers from the
South were then, as you are now, resisting every
effort to keep up the equilibrium between the
, North and the South, and thereby preserve the
rights of both sections by the equipoise in the
Senate? So it was with Arkansas and Michigan.
1 So it Was with Florida and Iowa. But how is it
now? The equilibrium is destroyed. You have
sixteen of the States of this Union, while we have
but fifteen. You have, therefore, a majority of
the Senate; you have a majority of both branches
of Congress. And if now you are to have the
Executive—if you can wield the power of the
Senate as you can wield the power of the House,
to what extent do you propose to go ? Do you
propose to try the experiment how far we will
Btibmit—quietly and tamely submit to your de-
mands ? Do you propose, as suggested by the
gentleman from Ohio, to exercise your power
moderately and temperately, to draw a line around
the slave States, and see whether we will sub-
mit?
Not only that, but look at the advantage you
have gained over us in another respect. Out of
the seven organized Territories now in exist-
ence, six of them are free, to wit: the Territory
of Minnesota—which I understand you propose
to divide, to admit one portion as a State now
into the Union, and to organize the residue into
another Territory, which is also to be free—the
Territory of Oregon, the Territory of Utah, the
Territory of New Mexico, the Territory of
Washington, and the Territory of Nebraska—
leaving only the Territory of l£ans&s to become
a slave State.
Here you have six Territories, all of which
■ are to be free, leaving but one in which there is
i a chance for the continuance of slavery. All of
| these Territories will come into this Union nearly
I about the same time; and at a time, too, when
you have one majority of the States in your
. favor, and, therefore, the undoubted control of
the Senate. To obtain this control, New Eng-
land is divided into six States—the whole six
about the size of Missouri, and greatly less than
Texas. The slave States are; large in territorial
extent, whilst the free States are generally small;
and hence representation in the Senate is grossly
unequal. Rhode Island is made equal to Mis-
souri, Connecticut is a counterpoise to Virginia;
Vermont, with all its abolitionism, is an offset to
Georgia, the Empire State of the South. And
yet you talk "about illiberality, and of the in-
justice and aggressions of the South ! Northern
and southern men have voted together in the
organization of Territories—they have stood side
by side, and no question was raised in regard to
them. Now, after you have these advantages
I secured, you undertake to say you will have all,
| or—as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
: says—you will draw the line around the slave
I States, and exclude us from all participation in
the territory secured by the common blood and
' treasure of all the States of the Union.
j Well, what is the pretext now for all the clamor
: that has been gotten up in the country ? The
! pretext is, that there is a bare possibility that the
I Territory of Kansas, organized in 1854, may be-
! come a slave State. That they are not sure they
I have obtained all, has so excited the northern
i people that they feel bound to resist, and are
I determined to resist, the laws of Congress, unless
1 Kansas shall be surrendered by th  South—shall
