1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1123
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Letcher.
Ho. of Reps.
become a free Territory, and consequently a free
State. When the Kansas territorial bill was
under consideration here, the editorial leader of
the present revolutionary party who wields the
power in this House—none other than Mr. Gree-
Jey, of the New* \ ork Tribune—proclaimed that
he would rather see this Capitol " blaze by the
torch of the incendiary," than that the Kansas
bill should become a law.
The following is an extract from one of his
many incendiary articles on this subject:
"We urge, therefore, unbending determination on the
part of the uortlieni members hostile to this intolerable out-
rage, and demand of llieui, in behalf of peace, in behalf of
freedom, in behalf of justice and humanity, resistance to
the last. Better that contusion should ensue—better that
discord should reign in the national councils—belter that
Congress should break up in trild disorder—may, better that
tie Capitol itself should llaze by the torch of the incendiary,
or (ill aud bury all its inmates beneath its crumbling ruins,
than that this perfidy and wrong should be finally accom-
plished."
From the time this article was written to the
present hour, Greeley and his allies have spared
no effort to array one section of the country
against the other. They are the advisers and
indorsers of all the revolutionary movements on
foot here. In this connection 1 quote from a late
letter of W. 0. Duval, another leading New York
Republican, to show the purposes of these men:
" I sincerely hope a civil war may soon burst upon the
country. I want to see American slavery abolished in my
day- it is a legacy I have no wish to leave to my children ;
then my most fervent prayer is, that England, France, and
Spain may speedily take this slavery-accursed nation into
their special tonsuleration; and when the time arrives for
the streets of the cities of this 'land of the free and home
of the brave' to run wilh Hood to the horses' bridles, if the
writer of this be living, there will be one heart to rejoice at
the retributive justice of Heaven. This, of course, will be
treason in the eyes of the doughfaces in this land. Well,
they are familiar with Dr. Henry's celebrated prescription
—1 Make the most of it.'"
They went to work to execute the purposes
so boldly avowed by these Republican leaders.
After the Kansas-Nebraska bill was passed, who
were the first to organize a party here for the
purpose of resistance ? I do not know whether
you, sir, [Mr. Haven,] were one of the number
or not, but I understand that the gentleman who
presides over this House [Mr. Bakes] was one
of the leading spirits in the organization. Mr.
Mace has testified before the Kansas investiga-
ting committee that he was one, and he has stated
that that organization was made up of nearly all
the members of the anti-Nebraska party of this
House. What object was that organization in-
tended to secure ? In the language of Mr. Mace,
" the leading, primary object of the association '
was to prevent the introduction of slavery into [
Kansas;" and they believed that, unless " vigor-
ous steps of that kind were taken, Kansas would
become a slave State." They were not willing i
to leave the question to the decision of the people ,
of the Territory.
The following are extracts from Mr. Mace's j
testimony, on page 1132, report No. 200, House ,
of Representatives:
" Immediately after the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska
act, I, together with a number of others, who were members
of Congress and Senators, believing that the tendency of
that act would be to make Kansas a slave State, in order to
prevent it formed an association herein VVa^nngton,called, ,
if I recollect aright, 4 the Kansas ^id Society.' ,J do not
remember all who became members of that society, but
mate a number of members who were opposed to slavery in
Kansas, of the lower Mouse, and also of the Senate, became !
members of it, and subscribed various sums of money. I !
think I subscribed either $50 or $100; 1 am not now prepared ;
to say which. I
" I think Mr. Goodrich, of Massachusetts, was the presi- j
dent of the society. I am not certain about the vice presi- 1
dents; probably Mr. Fenton, of New York, and myself, !
were vice presidents. The names of the president and vice
president'* were attached to our circulars, which we sent
throughout the country. I
"My recollection is, that, generally, those members of I
the House and Senate who were opposed to the Kansas-
Nebrauka act became members of this society, and con- j
tributedto it.
" I think no other object was mentioned or specified, ex-
cept the prevention of slavery in Kansas. I think that was
the sole object of the movement.
" I do not recollect whether Mr. Speaker Banks was a
member of that society or not, or whether Senator Seward
was or not. Mr. Goodrich kept the books. My impression
is, that a majority of those who voted against the bill were
members of that organization. I do not remember the total
amount of money raised by means of that organization.
That is what was done just after the passage
of the bill by the members of Congress here at
the Capitol. This was the first step. Well, then,
sir, let us see what was done in Kansas as the
next step in the progress of the revolution. At
the meeting held at Big Springs, oil the 5tli Sep-
tember, 18o5, (see page 89,) it was
" Resolved, That every reliable free-State man in the
Terntory be furnished with a rifle, a brace of pistols, and a
saber gratis; and that, he be required to take an oath to
come when called upon, and muster into service under his
superior officer, and to sacrifice his life, if necessary, to
rescue the person and property of any person who would
be brought uuder the jurisdicuon of the present laws ot'
the Terntory."
Such are the recommendations in Kansas.
" Every reliable free-State man in the Territory"
was to be " furnished with a rifle, a brace of pis-
tols, and a saber gratis," and he was to be bound
to fidelity by the obligations of "an oath." Their
purpose to resist the laws of the Territory by
force is boldly avowed in this resolution.
These are " temperate" gentlemen; " moder-
ate" gentlemen! They are law-abiding men!
They love this Union! they respect the Constitu-
tion ! and they are anxious to see them preserved !
And yet, after the Kansas bill was passed by
a constitutional majority of both Houses of Con-
gress—after it was constitutionally approved by
the President, and became a law of the land, the
very men, many of whom have been subse-
quently sent to Kansas by Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress, met together and "peace-
ably" adopted a resolution to furnish every man
with "a rifle, pistol, and sabpr," to exclude the
South from Kansas by the use of money and
arms. r
Let us see what more they did. I charge here
I that they swore them to the commission of Jr«a-
! s«m, and I intend to prove it. Out of their own
! mouths will I convict them. From the evidence
' taken by the commission sent to Kansas, as em-
bodied in the report to which I have before re-
ferred, I will demonstate the charge which I have
preferred against J. H. Lane and his free-State
conspirators.
I rely on the deposition of the Rev. Andrew
J. Francis, which was taken by the commission
in Kansas, and is recorded at pages 91, 92, 93.
, Here is the oath which he says was administered
1 to him by James H. Lane, a leader in the treason-
able order of the " Kansas Regulators," of which
Andrew H. Reeder was also a member. Listen
to it, I beg you, with attention:
" I, of my own free will and accord, in the presence of
Almighty God and these witnesses, do solemnly smear that I
; will always hail, forever conceal, and never reveal any of the
'< 'secrets of this organization to any person- in the known
"World, except'it be to a member of the order, or withiti the
t>ody of a Just and 1e£al council. I furthermore promise and
I swear, that 1 will not write, print, stain, or indite them
i on anything movable or immovable, whereby the least
■" figure or character may become intelligible to myself or any
other person. I furthermore promise and swear, that I will
r at all times, andfttrtder all circumstances, hold myself in readi-
ness to obey, even to death, the orders of my superior officers.
■ I furthermore promise and swear, that I will at all tunes, and
' under all circumstances, use my influence to make Kansas a
. free white Slate. I furthermore promise and swear, that,
! all things else being equal, I will employ a free-State man
| in preference to a Missouri man, or a pro-slavery man. I
furthermore promise and swear, that all business I may
transact,- so far as in my power, shall be transacted with
free-State men. I furthermore promise and swear, that I
• will at all times, and under all circumstances, hold myself in
; readiness to take up arms in defense of free-State principles."
i And to what extent? I ask the majority of
.j this House, who have undertaken to indorse
; these men, to listen to what extent: " Even though
| it should subvert the GovernmentAnd yet there
j is found a majority of this House—a large nia-
j jority of gentlemen on this floor from the northern
! portion of the Union—who are ready to indorse
; the conduct of this man, who is now claiming
i admission into the other end of this Capitol as a
I Senator —a man who administers oaths that
; impose the crime of treason upon the party who
| is to fulfill the obligation !
i Sir, are notithese revolutionary times ? Has
j anything like this ever been heard of before in the
Capitol of these United States ? Has anybody
been found willing to indorse men who have sub-
scribed to an oath to commit treason against the
Government of the United States? But, sir, that
is not all. Hear the balance of this horrid oath:
" Even though it should subvert the Government, I further-
more promise and swear that I will, at all times, and under
all circumstances, wear upon my person the regalia of my
office and the insignia of the order. I furthermore swear
that I will, at all times, and under all circumstances, wear
I on my person a weapon of death. I furthermore promise
! and swear that 1 will, at all times, and under nil circum-
stances, krt'p ill my iioiw at least one "hii, uith a full
I supply of ammunition. I furthermore promise and swear
that I will, at all times, and under all circumstances, when
1 see the sign of distress given, rush to the assistance of the
person giving it, even when there is a greater probability of
saving hislife than of losing my own. f furthn more promise
and swear that I trill, to the utmost of my power, oppose the
laws of the so-railed Kansas Legislature. I furthermore
promise and swear that, when I hear the words of danger
given, 1 will repair to the place where the danger is. T
furthermore promise and s rear that, if any part of my obli-
gation is at this time omitted. I will consuler the same at
binding when legally informed of it. I furthermore promise
and swear that, at the first convenient opportunity, I will
commit this obligation to memory. To all of this \ sol-
emnly swear, without equivocation or self evasion, binding
myself under the penalty of being declared a perjurer before
Heaven and a traitor to my country."
After this oath had been repeated to him, Mr.
Francis stated to Lane that it " was a very seri-
ous obligation.!' Lane replied "it was, and
then proceeded to instruct him in the signs, grips,
und pass-words of the order. After detailing
much other conversation, the witness says:
" X remarked to the Colonel that I was sworn to support
those laws in taking my oath as a lawyer, and that I con-
sidered that that oath was administered by a higher power
than he exercised, and hence I should not keep the obliga-
tion he had given to me; and under no circumstances
would 1 do anything to subvert the institutions of the
country, or place myself in opposition to the laws; and he
might depend upon it, I would expose it the first convenient
opportunity. I also told him I could not consistently keep
both obligations that had been imposed upon me; that 1 was
also a member and minister of a religious denomination,
and that it would not be consistent with my Christian duties
to keep the obligation he had imposed on me ; that I shosld
most certainly, when the subject came up, expose it. lie
stated then to me, that if that was my determination, and I
did express mysel f so publicly, J would hardly get away from
the city with my'life. I replied to him that I would express
myself so under aR circumstances, both in public ami pri-
vate."
Talk about the evil effects of slavery upon the
morals and patriotism of those who own this
species of property! When or where has the
history of the South been disgraced by such acts
as sully the characters of these free-State patriots
of Kansas?.
Again, sir: Andrew H. Reeder was before this
House the other day, and received eighty-eight
votes for his admission as Delegate from the
Territory of Kansas. He was not elected in pur-
suance of any law, but in defiance and violation
of all law—territorial and congressional—and yet,
sir, eighty-eight men (members of this House)
voted to assign to him the seat of Whitfield. In
a letter to on? of his brethren in Kansas, bearing
date January 20, 1856, (while he was in attend-
ance upon this House,) Reeder advised the pack-
ing of juries, as a " surer reliance" for free-State
men than the Supreme Court. His letter will be
found on pages 1134 and 1135 of the report:
" You speak of your probably coming OB here in Febftt-
i ary, as the Legislatui e meets in March. I do not soe how
you can do this, in case you are elected ; nor do see
I how you are to get your case into the Supreme Court of the
r United States, except by writ of error, and that can only be
after judgment, and at a great expense ; nor do I see how
! you can raise, in the Supreme Court, any point as to the val-
' idity of the laws, except the one of tlieir removal to the
Mission. I have, however, not examined the case; still, I
! should think that a few free-State men on the jury would be a
surer reliance than the Supreme Court. I should hesitate
long before spending much money on the latter. I note what
you say about Lane. It is all very well; but it is a good
rule never to make an enemy unnecessarily, or to aggravate
one without cause. Why not continue to correspond for
the ' Post,' or some other paper?
! " Remember me kindly to Robinson and Conway, ud
: other friends. Latter is also here.
" Yonrs truly, A. H. REEDER,"
Such is the man whom you have been seekirlg
to bring into this House; a man who never li^s
claimed that he was elected in pursuance of any
law of the land; a man who has advised his fol-
lowers, for the purpose of defeating the great
ends of justice, to pack juries; and yet, with this
evidence spread out before them, eighty-eight
men in this House have voted to admit him as a
Delegate from the Territory of Kansas! Verily,
sir, these are strange times, and things are greatly
out of joint, when men canj by the mere force Of
party drill, be brought up to a position like this.
But let us go a little further: I now call the at-
tention of the committee to some remarks of Mr.
Thayer, who is the treasurer of one of these
emigrant aid societies, and who delivered an ad-
dress at Brooklyn, New York, last winter, \
have that address now before me, and desire to
call attention to certain portions of it, to show
