1124
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 2,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Letcher.
Ho. of Reps.
the power of the organization, it* purposes, and
the mean3 employed:
" £ come to ask you if this mighty organization shall be
sustained? ,,, ,
" They go as the upostles of liberty in the West.
" Tlie first men who weat to Kansas went there to estab-
lish freedom.
"But there are other reasons why this organization ought
to be sustained. It benefits the country by placing in the j
West the institutions of the North. _ J
" If this is done," [the power of the organization in-
creased,] " the lecturer pledged himself to furnish men who ;
would put themselves under bonds that Kansas will be a free
State.
" There was even a possibility that the emigrant aid soci-
ety. or some other northern organization, would yet direct
their efforts towards the colonization of Virginia.
" It is afact that the North can be united upon one thing,
and that is, making money; and money power is the only
power that is fit to be pitted against slavery." 1
These extracts furnish food for serious and
anxious reflection. They show clearly that the
purpose has been to make Kansas free territory,
even if it were found necessary to subvert the
Government to accomplish the object. Kansas
secured, their efforts are then to be directed to
Virginia.
The proposition is here laid down, that their
money, their associated wealth, their capital in the
North, is to be used for the purpose of increasing
their power, and is to be placed in the scale
against the South, in the hope, and under the
confident belief, that the South is to be weighed
down by their money power. These are the
means they rely upon to carry out their schemes
in regard to this Territory of Kansas. They
expect by the aid of money to accomplish, not
only in the Northwest and the West, but by
means of its influence to accomplish in the South,
all that they desire to effect.
Six of the seven Territories are under northern
institutions and influences; and yet such unlawful
practices to exclude southern men and southern
institutions from the seventh and last Territory
are upheld, countenanced, and passionately jus-
tified by a majority of northern Representatives
in Congress.
Are such practices in accordance with the views
and judgments of the people of the North ? I
think not. The fanatics think they are. An au-
thoritative decision at the polls will soon decide,
beyond the possibility of mistake, which opinion
is correct. I await that decision with confidence
and with hope. Upon that decision depend vast
interests, and the future harmony ana welfare
of our country. May the electors so discharge
their high duty as to honor, in verity and truth,
their high-toned, just, constitution-respecting and
Union-loving forefathers!
The Topeka constitution—the premature off-
spring of anarchy — comes next in these revo-
lutionary movements. The convention which
fra'tr^d the constitution was not in any sense le-
gally or properly organized, and the adoption of
the constitution was not the result of the regular
and solemn action of the popular power oif the
Territory. Its adoption was a miserable farce,
without a parallel in the history of the nation.
In proof of this, let candid men decide when they
shall read the facts of its history as they are' re-
Corded:
" About midnight the President said:
"' Gentlemen: The constitution has been read for the
ftret time; those in fovor of its passage will signify the same
by saying ay.'
" "'Ay!' shouted every delegate without exception, in a .
loud and enthusiastic tone.
" ' I move that the constitution be read a second time by
its title,' said Mr. Parrott.
"' The constitution of Kansas,' read the Secretary.
"' Those in favor of its passage,' said the President,' will ,
•igcify by saying ay.' i
I never saw such a perfectly dramatic scene as I looked '
at when the President said bo. Every delegate involunta- j
lily held up his hand and shouted ay—half rising as he gave I
in his vote.
" ' I move that the constitution be read by its title a third
time,* said Mr. Delahay.
" It was read the third time, and again the President put |
the question. i
" Au enthusiastic ' ay' succeeded.
"' The constitution is adopted,' said the President.
" ' Three cheers for the first free constitution of Kansas,'
l aid Mr. Schuyler, of Council city.
" Every delegate and spectator immediately raised his
hat, and, waving it in the air, gave three tunes three loud,
long, and hearty cheers.
" As the sound of the cheering died away, the hour and
minute hands of our watcli were pointing at twelve."
Such was the mode of its adoption, as described
by an eye-witness—the correspondent of the St.
Louis Democrat.
This constitution, thus adopted, a majority of
the House desire to recognize. It is my purpose
to show that a constitution gotten up in such
manner violates everv principle which lies at the
foundation of our fjrovernment, and is at war
with the genius and sober usages of the American
people.- In support of this position, I will rely
upon an authority which I suppose no northern
man will question. I allude to Daniel Webster's
great argument before the Supreme Court of the
United States, in the case of Martin Luther vs.
Luther M. Borden, and others, delivered on the
27th day of January, 1848. I will hurriedly enun- j
ciate the principles laid down by Mr. Webster, <
for the purpose of making an application of those
principles to this Topeka constitution, and the
manner of its adoption:
" First, and chief, (said Mr. XV.,) no man makes a ques-
tion that the people are the source of all political power.
Government is instituted for their good, and its members
are their agents and servants."
Again, Mr. Webster says:
" Let all admit, what none deny, that the only source of
political power in this country is the people. Let us admit
that they are sovereign, for they are so ; that is to say, the
aggregate community, the collected jwill of the people, is
sovereign."
Again, Mr. Webster says:
" Having agreed that all power is originally from the
people, and that they can confer as mueh of it as they
please, the next principle is, that, as the exercise of legis-
lative power, and the other powers of Government imme-
diately by the people themselves, is impracticable, they
must be exercised by the Representatives of the people;
and what distinguishes American governments as much as
anything else from any governments of ancient or of mod-
ern times, is the marvellous felicity of their representative
system."
Again, Mr. Webster says:
" The power is with the people; but they cannot exer-
cise it in masses or per capita ; they can only exercise it by
their representatives.
" Now, the basis of this representation is suffrage.
" This being so, then follow two other great principles
of the American system :
" The first is, that the right of suffrage shall be guarded,
protected, secured against force and against fraud. And
the second is, that its exercise shall be prescribed by pre-
vious law: its qualifications shall be prescribed by previous
law; the time and place of its exercise shall be prescribed
by previous law; the manner of its exercise—under whose
supervision—always sworn officers of the law—is to be pre-
scribed. And then, again, the results are to be certified to
the central power by some certain rule, by some known pub-
lic officers, in some clear and definite form, to the end that
two things may be done: first, that every man entitled to
vote may vote ; second, that his vote may be sent forward
and counted, and so he may exercise his part of sovereignty
in common with his fellow-man. In the exercise of polit-
ical power through representatives we know nothing, we |
never have known anything, but such an exercise as should
be carried through the prescribed forms of law; and when !
we depart from that we shall wander as widely from the
American track as the pole is from the track of the sun." i
Let me make an application of these principles 1
to Kansas. Was the " right of suffrage, as
exercised in the election of delegates to the con-
vention that formed the Topeka constitution,
"guarded, protected, and secured against force
and against fraud?" Were they elected under
and by virtue of law, passed by any cpmpetent [
authority, either congressional or territorial?
Were there any sworn officers to conduct that
election ? Was there any certain place or central ■
point to which the results of the election might be j
certified ? Were there any of the forms and solem-
nities of law which were calculated to guard the I
ballot-box, and to protect it against force and \
against fraud ? Was anything done to secure a fair
expression of the public sentiment of all parties in
the Territory—to allow every man to vote who
had the right to vote, and to deny to those who
had not that right the privilege of voting ?
I defy mortal man to show a solitary instance
in the history of this country where there has
been a greater departure from the " American
track" than in this instance of the Topeka con-
stitution, which was brought in here and adopted
by this House.
Hear Mr. Webster again:
" We are not to take the will of the people from public
meetings, nor from tumultuous assemblies, by which the
timid are terrified, the prudent are alarmed, and by which
society is disturbed. These are not American modes of
signifying the will of the people, and they never were."
Once more from Mr. Webster:
" Is it not obvious enough that men cannot get together,
and count themselves, ana say they are so many hundreds,
and so many thousands, and judge of th<=ir own qualifica-
tions, and call themselves the people, and set up a govern-
ment? Why, another set of men, forty miles uff. oil the
same day, with the same propriety, with as good qualifica-
tions, and as large numbers, may meet and set up another
government," &c. " What is this but anarchy 1"
Yes, sir ! and what was it in Kansas but " an-
archy?" A set of desperate men, lusting for power
and place, got together, declared that their party
constituted the majority of the people of Kansas,
judged of their own qualifications, and set up a
State government. If Mr. Webster were living,
and had this day written the lines I have just read
: in your hearing, he could not have described the
conduct of the free-State party in Kansas with
greater accuracy and force. Indeed, these lines
j look as if they had been written with special
' reference to this case: " What liberty," (said Mr.
W ) " is there here, but a tumultuary, tempestuous,
violent, stormy liberty — a sort of South American
liberty, without power except in its spasms—a liberty
supported by arms to-day, crushed by arms to-morroio ■
Is that our liberty ?"
" Is that our liberty?" No, thank God! Ours
is a liberty regulated by law. It is not " a liberty
supported by arms." It is not a " violent stormy
liberty of the South American" kind. Ours is a
rational liberty, and such it has been everywhere
in our country, until a band of lawless men in
Kansas inaugurated revolution, boldly assailed
the laws of the land, and attempted to subvert
the Government.
In the year 1843, Mr. Clay addressed a letter
! to Rev. Walter Colton, in which he requests Mr.
| C. to write a tract on the subject of Abolition, and
j in that letter he speaks of the Abolition party in
i the following language:
! " It is manifest that the ultras of that party are extremely
1 mischievous, and are hurrying on the country to fearful
consequences. They are not to be conciliated by the
I Whigs. Engrossed with a single idea, they care for nothing
else. They would see the administration of the Govern-
ment precipitate the nation into absolute ruin before they
would lend a helping hand to arrest its career."
After making several suggestions in regard to
the points which should be made in the tract, he
" But the gfeat aim and object of your tract should be to
arouse the laboring classes in the free States against aboli-
tion. Depict the consequences to them of immediate abo-
lition. The slaves, being free, would be dispersed through-
out the Union; they would enter into competition with the
free labor—with the American, the Irish, the German—
reduce his wages, be confounded with him, and alfect his
moral and social standing. Jlnd as the ultras go both for
abolition and amalgamation, show that their object is. to unite
in marriage the laboring white man and the laboring black
woman, to reduce the white laboring man to the despised and
degraded condition of the black man."
I have not time to comment cm these views of
Mr. Clay. Having alluded, in another part of
my remarks, to some of the points suggested in
these extracts, I pass on to other questions which
I feel called upon to discuss, and which, in my
judgment, demand the serious consideration of
the national conservative men of our country.
This revolutionary spirit exists not only in the
Territory of Kansas, but I fear it is spreading.
It has shown itself here amongst us. On the 21st
day of July, the distinguished gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Ditnn] addressed this House. I
listened to his remarks on that occasion with re-
gret. I could but lament that his brilliant genius
was not employed in denouncing those who are
fomenting and encouraging strife in Kansas, by
the aid and comfort which they are furnishing to
the revolutionary party there.
Every gentleman will recollect the fire, the en-
ergy, and the severity which marked the utter-
ance of every sentence. When it was delivered,
the House was taken by surprise. No one ex-
pected (at least I did not) such sentiments from
that quarter. I knew he was opposed to the re-
peal of the Missouri compromise, and was anx-
ious to see it restored; but it never occurred to
me that he was willing to " cut off the supplies and
stop the wheels qf Government," unless that restora-
tion were effected. The restoration of that odious
line will never give " peace" to the country. The
extracts which I quote from that speech will show
its tone and spirit:
« file chairman of the Committee of \Vays and Means
fMr. Campbell] has told us we must remain here until the
appropriation bills are passed. Sir, I have intimated here-
tofore; andnow deliberately repeat, that, nnul some measure
shall be passed into a law which will, to my mind, give
assurance of a just and permanent settlement of these
