1126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 2,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Agitation—Mr. Lumpkin.
Ho. of Reps.
removed, and their places supplied by the supple
tools of the revolutionists. These are their
modest demands, and if they are not complied
with, the regular, the usual appropriations are to
be denied, and the wheels of Government are to
cease their steady and uniform revolutions.
" Rule or ruin" is their motto. The Executive
and the Senate must yield to their demands, or
they will press forward their revolutionary pro-
jects to the great hazard of the peace of the coun-
try, its prosperity, and the best interests of the
people.
If this is to be your rule of action—if you have
determined to withhold all the appropriations
necessary to keep the Government in motion—if
the whole revenue is to be collected and locked
up, and not a dollar to be paid out—it is well
enough for the people to inquire, what will be the
effects upon the commercial, financial, and busi-
ness relations of this great nation ? What will
be its effects upon the trade, upon the commerce,
and upon the mechanical interests of the cities of
New York, Boston, Philadelphia, and Baltimore ?
They must be disastrous to the last degree. Uni-
versal distress and pecuniary embarrassment, in
all those localities, is unavoidable. All who are
connected with them must sooner or later share
in the ruin in which they will be overwhelmed.
The circle must continue to enlarge itself until it
■hall embrace within its baleful influence all of
the great business interests of the people of the
thirty-one States that make up this Union of ours.
The passions of the people are inflamed, their
prejudices are stimulated to the highest pitch of
excitement,and everywhere around us a sectional
storm rages wildly, and threatens, in its fury, to
engulph the ship of State. If, in this critical con-
dition of things in both sections of the Union,
you, by your reckless action here, shall bring
bankruptcy and pecuniary ruin upon the country,
may not the most undaunted patriot well tremble
for the consequences ?
I believe that the Union is in imminent dan-
ger—
" This hour's the very crisis of our fate."
If the Union shall be destroyed, upon you will
rest the responsibility, and let me admonish you,
in the eloquent language of my gifted predecessor,
(now no more,) that, "if you allow it to be over-
thrown, you will get it again when the sun shall
go back upon the dial of Ahaz"—
" When the earth's cities have no sound or tread,
When ships are drifting with the dead
To shores where all is dumb."
SLAVERY AGITATION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. H. LUMPKIN,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House or Representatives,
Jhigust 2, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
Mate of the Union—
Mr. LUMPKIN said:
Mr. Chairman: I have been contented up to
this time to manifest my position on all ques-
tions presented for my consideration, by my
recorded vote upon the Journals of the House of
Representatives; and my personal inclination
■Was to continue this course until the close of the
present session of Congress; and even now noth-
ing could change my determination but the con-
viction, to which every hour's experience in this
Hall gives additional strength, that it is the duty
of every southern member who is true to his
obligations and faithful to his constituency, to
tneet the present alarming crisis, if unsuccess-
fully, at least boldly, that the people may see
that, so far as the southern section of the Union
is concerned, there was no division of sentiment
upon any of the issues that have been presented
for our consideration. I ^have submitted, with
all the philosophy that I could command, to the
unmeasured personal assaults upon the South and
its domestic institutions, that have been made on
this floor by those representing the anti-slavery
■sentiment of the North. As an American citizen,
and as a member of the American Congress, I
have been deeply pained at the ruthless and wan-
ton attacks made upon one section c{ this great
Confederation of States, by those who represent
another and a different section; and if I had taken
counsel of my feelings, I should, time and again,
during this session of Congress, have hurled
back upon our assailants the language of well-
founded resentment, and the bitter denunciation
of indignant scorn and contempt.
We have been denounced here as the slaveoc-
racy—the slave-power—and as criminals, who, in
violation of the laws of God and man, deal in
human flesh, and draw our support from the
groans and agonies of a portion of the human
race that we hold in servile bondage. One indi-
vidual, the senior member from the State of Ohio,
[Mr. Gildings,] who, by a lifetime service in this
House, is perhaps more odious to the South than
any other public man in this Republic, has, by
referring to isolated and highly-colored cases of
crime, pushed personal and party malevolence so
far as to attempt to fasten upon the southern sec-
tion of the Union the blackest and basest offenses
known to the decalogue. Day after day have we
been compelled to sit quietly in our seats and hear
these slanders uttered in this Hall in our pres-
ence; and if some southern Representative, true
to himself and to his constituents, should resent
it in the only way such assaults deserve to be
resented, he is arraigned at the bar of this House
as a culprit, and a packed majority, composed of
Abolitionists or Black Republicans, gravely insist
on his expulsion, as unworthy of a seat on this
floor. And the pretext is, forsooth, that the
freedom of debate in the national Congress has
been violated, and the grave offense can only be
expiated by expelling the southern member who
has the spirit and manliness to resent the insult,
and hold the slanderer to a personal accountability.
And has it come to this, that a Representative in
an American Congress, to whom has been con-
fided the rights and interests of more than one
hundred thousand inhabitants, shall basely sub-
mit to personal insult and foul-mouthed abuse
upon his constituents, without any manifestation
of feeling or resentment, as the condition upon
which he shall be permitted to occupy a seat
within this Hall? If so, then I desire, here in
my place, to say once for all, that the South has
no need of further representation. And those
here who believe that any true southern Repre-
sentative will submit to so base and humiliating
a condition, have not properly, understood the
character of the South, or the members of this
House who represent that section of the Union.
The people of the South are loyal to the Consti-
tution and to the Union of that Constitution, and
would make now, as in times past they have made,
great and important sacrifices not involving their
constitutional equality to perpetuate that Union;
but the South never can ana never will consent
that the Halls of Congress shall be used as a
stage to propagate slander, and utter libels upon
her people and their domestic institutions; and
she would justly disown any Representative who
did not promptly resent every insult upon him-
self or the people who had chosen him as their
Rer iresentative.
These outrages upon the South are attempted
to be justified upon the plea, that the Constitution
of the United States protects and guaranties the
liberty of speech and of the press, and shields a
member from being questioned in any other place
for anything said by him in debate. And, under
cover of this limited and special provision, a ma-
jority of this House are emboldened to slander
and utter libels against an entire section of this
Union, and meanly and whiningly urge that they
must not be questioned for it anywhere else: I
deny this doctrine as untenable and as disorgan-
izing, as well as base and cowardly; and so far
from its being sanctioned by written or unwritten
law—by any authority, human or Divine—the
very reverse of this assumption is correct; and it |
has been so held by the Supreme Court of the
United States—the highest judicial tribunal in this
country. The slanderer or the libeler is answer-
able, before the judicial tribunals, to any one who
may be aggrieved at his words, and it will be no 1
protection to him to plead his privilege as a
member of either House of Congress, and that
the words were spoken by him in debate. I am I
aware that those who seek to excite the two sec- j
| tions of this Union into open hostility to each I
other, by the use and abuse of these privileges
as members of the two Houses of Congress, have
i attempted to maintain that they hud the right to
1 say anything they chose, however false, slander-
ous, and libelous of individuals or communities;
and then claim protection under the broad panoply
of unlimited and undefined congressional privi-
lege from being questioned in anv other place.
In the name of the people of the'South, I here
enter my most solemn protest against any such
constitutional assumption.
The enemies of the South, who have for more
than twenty years been carrying forward a sys-
tematic opposition to the institutions of slavery,
have sought to make the Halls of Congress the
citadel from which these assaults were to be
hurled. Itcommencedby the opponents of slavery
petitioning Congress to abolish that institution
in the District of Columbia, to abolish the slave-
trade between the States, and to prohibit slavery
in the Territories, the common property of the
United States. They sought by this means to
agitate the question of negro emancipation, and
thus inviting Congress to consider other questions
either directly or remotely connected with the
rights of the South in the perpetuation of this in-
stitution. The South regarded this, at that time,
as an attempt, on the part of the anti-slavery men
of the North, to destroy the value of our slave
property, by creating the impression, that our title
to it was uncertain and temporary, rather than
fixed and permanent. These movements, how-
ever, were promptly and boldly resisted by a
majority of Congress, who did then concur in the
adoption of a standing rule, by which they sought
to prevent the Abolitionists from agitating this
dangerous and exciting question in the House of
Representatives. A majority of Congress saw and
felt, from the commencement, that to open the
doors of the House to receive the flood of aboli-
tion and incendiary petitions that was then pour-
ing in upon it, would be to disregard and trample
upon'the rights, interests, and institutions of a
large section of theUnion. There was then, thank
God, patriotism, justice, and devotion to the Con-
stitution of the United States sufficient in Congress
to prevent it, and it was arrested by the famous
21st rule of the House of Representatives, which
prohibited the consideration or reception of all
petitions of that character. Northern statesmen,
who disavowed all sympathy with the Abolition-
ists, affected to be deeply concerned at the alleged
violation of the constitutional right of petition, that
had been effected by the adoption of this rule. And
one distinguished member from ths State of
, Massachusetts devoted the best portion of the-
remainder of his life to efforts which were but too
successful in rescinding this barrier to congres-
sional slavery agitation. He, and those who acted
with him, maintained that slavery in the District
of Columbia, in the Territories, and even in the
States of the Union, was such a grievance to the
people of the non-slaveholding States, as was
contemplated by the frawiers of the Constitution,
when they inserted in that instrument a provision,
securing to the people the right " peaceably to
assemble and petition Congress for a redress of
grievances." Was there ever so grosser flagrant
a perversion of any provision of the Constitution ?
Yet, in 1846, he, and those who acted with him,
had so far influenced public opinion in the north-
ern section of the Union, that they succeeded in
rescinding this rule, and by this act opened the
doors of Congress, and invited all the enemies of
the South to renew the slavery agitation in that
body. It was my misfortune to be a member of
the House of Representatives when this act was
consummated; and those of us who opposed it
predicted that it would only embolden fanatical
agitators to make renewed assaults upon our do-
mestic institutions.
The question of rescinding the 21st rule of the
House wits the nucleus around which all those
entertaining anti-slavery sentiments at the North
rallied, from the date of its adoption, in 1836,
until it was rescinded, just ten years thereafter,
and was used as a means to increase the political
power of the Abolitionists and anti-slavery men
of the North. From this position they advanced
a step further, and assumed the ground that, if
i territory was acquired from the Republic of Mex-
i ico, at the termination of the war which va then
