1128
Ai*PENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 2,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Agitation—Mr. Lumpkin.
Ho. op Reps.
between the African and white races. They were
determined that no southern man should, with-
out firstabjuring his birthright and leaving behind
h*m his manhood and his honor, make a home
on any of this newly-acquired territory. It was
useless and idle, therefore, for statesmen and legis-
lators to propose to meet the crisis with another
proposition of compromise on the basis of a divis-
ion of the territory between the two sections, on
the parallel of 36° 30' north latitude, or by a
division on any other line of latitude or longitude.
"£hey therefore, in the bill commonly called the
cpmpromise bill of 1850, provided for the admis-
sion of California into tne Union as a State—
recognizing and establishing the principle that
the people of New Mexico and Utah should de-
termine for themselves the character of their own
domestic institutions, and come into the Union
either with or without slavery, as the people of
the Territory themselves might determine when
they come to form their own State constitution,
preparatory to admission into the Union. And
this was the great constitutional principle that
was recognized in the settlement of the question
whether Congress possesses the constituticfnal
power, by legislation or otherwise, to prohibit
slavery in these Territories.
■ This compromise was objectionable to most,
if not all of the slaveholding States, and many
were even disposed to resist it because it recog-
nized the right of California to admission into the
Sion as a State, prohibiting by her constitution
institution of slavery. It was also opposed
oj> the ground that its admission into the Union
\jrould destroy the equilibrium between the slave-
ftolding and non-slaveholding States, in the Sen-
ate of the United States, and thus place the South
hereafter, in the power of a section hostile to
their institutions and planning their destruction;
l^ut for the sake of the principle of non-interven-
tion by Congress in reference to the question of
slavery in the Territories, then and hereafter to
be organized, the people of the South, although
sot wholly approving it, acquiesced in it as a final
settlement of all the questions embraced in its
terms, or which might hereafter become subject
to the same principles. In 1852, the two great
political parties that then divided this country,
met in convention to make their nominations of
candidates for the two highest offices in the coun-
try, and to lay down their platform of principles;
and each of these two parties recognized and in-
dorsed this settlement, and solemnly pledged
themselves to stand by and maintain it as a final
settlement of this vexed and exciting question
between the two sections. In 1853, Franklin
tierce, the nominee of the national Democratic
party, was inaugurated as President of the United ;
States, by a majority that approached unanimity i
—it was unparalleled since the fierce party strug- 1
gles of 1800. And he, true to the principles of
the party that nominated and most triumphantly
elected him, in his inaugural address planted him- ,
•elf firmly and boldly an these principles; and, !
as one who gave him a cordial support in his ;
election, and in the name of my constituents who ;
honor him for his devotion to constitutional lib- !
erty, I desire to say that he has honestly and ,
faithfully redeemed every pledge, and that his j
same will live in history, and be classed with j
those of Jefferson, Jackson, and James K. Polk !
—the fathers of the Democratic party. !
It became necessary in 1854, to provide a gov- !
eminent for the Territories west of Missouri; and
the Democratic party of the Senate and the House !
o£ Representatives, faithful alike to their pledges '
and to the Constitution of the United States, did, I
in framing governments for Kansas and Nebraska,!
incorporate the same principle, even to the very !
letter of the language, employed in the bill organ-,
izing territorial governments for Utah and New
Mexico, and thus manifested their willingness to
perpetuate the principles of non-intervention by :
any congressional legislation on the purely domes-
tic institution of negro slavery. The Missouri
line of restriction was removed by repealing the
eighth section of the act of 1820, to make the prin-
ciple of non-intervention effective in all that terri-
tory north of'.he line; and this left the Territories
of Kansas and Nebraska free and open to settle-
ment to the inhabitants of both sections of the
Union, whether their property consisted in "man-
servants or maid-servants," or in cattle and stock
of any and every description; encouraging alike
the pioneer from the North or the South who
should go there to seek a new home, with nothing
but his stout bold heart and his strong brawny
arm. Those who were resisting the passage of
this measure, so fair, just, and equitable to all
sections, and to all classes, did not wait to see it
consummated before they invoked the aid of the
Sress and the pulpit to arouse the people of the
forth to resistance of this act, as one of aggression
upon their rights as secured by the compromise
of 1820, which they declared had been held sacred
by all parties, in all sections, for more than thirty
years. Ministers of the gospel at the North,
whose mission was love and peace, descended
from the sacred desk, and have even desecrated
the pulpit by plunging into the muddy and dirty
pool of political party contest, and blasphe-
mously assumed, in the name of Almighty God,
to command an American Congress to carry out
the wishes of vile political demagogues whose
willing tools they had become, and whose liveries
they had assumed, instead of that of a meek
ana lowly Savior. And when they could not
prevent by any means, however corrupt and base,
the consummation of this great act of peace,
they resolved to defeat the execution of the law,
both in its letter and spirit. And the fact has
now been established by the testimony of a
member of this House [Mr. Mace] before the
Kansas Committee of Investigation, that many of
the members of Congress who were opposed to
the passage of this bill united in an association
to prevent the peaceful and quiet execution of
this act of Congress passed by the majority in
both Houses, and approved by the President of
the United States. Northern States opposed to
the institutions of the South, under the lead and
influence of this class of politicians, granted acts
of incorporation to influential capitalists of their
own section as a means of forcing persons into
the Territory, not for peaceable settlement, but
to enlist in this unholy crusade to deprive the
people of the South of equal rights in that Terri-
tory. These efforts at the North were closely
watched by the people of the South, and partic-
ularly by the people of the State of Missouri,
who felt more immediately concerned in the char-
acter of the institutions formed on the very bor-
ders of that State, than any other portion of the
southern people. Is it surprising that they should
meet the extraordinary and disorganizing plans
and movements of the people of the non-slave-
holding States with such opposition on their part
as would be most likely to prevent them from
forcing, by unconstitutional means, antagonistic
institutions at their very doors ? I am willing to
admit that the influential citizens of the State of
Missouri have encouraged and stimulated emi-
gration to Kansas, from their own as well as
from other southern States—nay,more, I will not
deny that the people of every southern State
feel a deep solicitude in the result of this contest
in Kansas for supremacy; they have met combi-
nations of associated capital formed at the North,
to stimulate and encourage anti-slavery and free-
soil emigration, by similar efforts made to aid
and encourage actual settlement in Kansas of
pro-slavery men from the South, who would claim
for their section the right to settle in the Terri-
tory with any and all property to which they
had & just ana legal title. The South are alive
to all the movements made in the northern States
on this subjeet, and they have not been disinter-
ested spectators of the scenes that have transpired
in some portions of New England, where minis-
ters of the Gospel, in the churches erected for,
and dedicated to, the service of God, have made
brutal appeals to their congregations to furnish
the means to arm and equip a company with
Sharpe's rifles to march to Kansas, and by force
drive the people of the South from the soil of that
Territory. And these movements, whether in-
stigated by priest or layman—whether executed
by saint or sinner—have not deterred, and you
may rest assured will not deter, brave men who
know their rights, to meet the issue in any form
in which our enemies may choose to present
it. I shall say nothing in disparagement of the
courage of the people of the North. They tire the
descendant* of those brave men who fought, side
by side, with the men from the South for our
national independence; and I doubt not, if any
future contest should arise that called for self-
sacrificing devotion to the same principle, they
would prove themselves the worthy descendants
of brave and patriotic ancestors. But, while I
frankly make this admission as to the courage
of the North, you will permit me to say, that I
know the people of my own section; and should
the strife of arms unfortunately commence on
this issue, it would never cease, until their equal
rights to settlement in that Territory were fully
acknowledged, so long as a single man was left at
the South to contend for them. It affords me no
pleasure to present to the House, and to the coun-
try, this aspect of the question; but, as a repre-
sentative of a southern constituency—as the guar-
dian, for the time being, of the rights, the honor,
the chivalry, the character of that constituency—
as an honest sentinel on the watchtower of lib-
erty, regulated by constitutional law—I should
be false to the trust reposed in me, false to
the Constitution and the Union of these States,
and also to my own sense of manly independ-
ence, and to the very instincts of self-defense, did
I not present, as they appear to my mind, the
consequences of the measures now on foot in the
two sections of the Union.
Mr. Chairman, I am no alarmist, and have not
sought consequence or consideration here or else-
where, by presenting frightful pictures of the im-
agination to excite and startle the sober-minded
and reflecting people of this country from their
propriety, by suggesting impending danger to the
Union. In my short political career, those who
are familiar with my history will bear me wit-
ness, that I have at all times signalized my devo-
tion to the Union in all my public acta. And it
has been, sir, because I have ever had ail abiding
confidence in the wisdom, virtue, and patriotism
of the American people, and felt that they would
in good time rescue the ship of State from strand-
ing on the breakers, illy concealed beneath the
raging billows that threatened to ingulf us in one
common ruin.
We have passed unscathed through several most
alarming periods in the history of our country.
In 1832, a portion of the people of the South
were driven to open opposition to the General
Government in resisting; the tariff act of 1828—a
measure that was forced upon us by the Repre-
sentatives from the North, and was marked by a
spirit of injustice, inequality, and oppression in
its operation upon the people of the South. We
have passed through two fearful conflicts on the
question of negro slavery. The first in 1820, and
the last in 1850, just thirty years intervening be-
: tween the two periods; and each met with a
, peaceful solution from the statesmen and patriots
who were prominent actors in public affairs at
these respective periods in our country's history.
The slavery question has again loomed up tn
I the political horizon, and has assumed an aspect
; that forbodes danger, if not destruction, to the
Federal Union. The North, as a section, is ar-
rayed against the South, and has announced from
all her high places, in the most solemn manner
and form, from her halls of legislation and her
temples of worship, that she will make an un-
compromising war upon the domestic institutions
of the South, by prohibiting its further exten-
sion beyond its present limits. It is now declared
that this institution is to be hereafter, by the power
of a majority section of this Union, confined to
its present limits. It is to be abolished in the
District of Columbia, and in all other places
where the General Government has exclusive
jurisdiction; and especially do they maintain that
it is to be prohibited by positive legislative enact-
ments in all the Territories of the United States;
and, as a consequence to these positions, they
boldly declare that no more slave States are here-
after to be formed and admitted into the Federal
Union. This is the position of the Black Repub-
lican party, and, if not expressed as a part of
their platform, is maintained by the great body
of their adherents; while many of those who are
now acting in concert with them in this contest
openly avow their intention to abolish slavery in
the States where it now exists. This Black Re-
publican party, proclaiming these principles, have
to-day a majority in the House of Representatives,
