1856.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1190
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Agitation—Mr. Lumpkin.
Ho. or Reps.
who are ready, at any and all times, to vote for j|
any measure which will in effect consummate any I
of these political revolutions. They united in elect- !
ing a Speaker, who has openly declared that he i|
is willing to "let the Union slide" rather than ;|
allow the people of the South the full enjoyment j |
of an equality of rights and privileges under the i j
Constitution of the United States. We have seen j
the same party in this House force through en- jj
actments to repeal the existing laws of theTerri- jj
tory of Kansas, because they were made to pro- ;
tect the common rights of the citizens of all
sections of our common country. And they have
passed an act for the restoration of the Missouri
compromise line.
Nor have they stopped at this: they have sol-
emnly refused to make an appropriation of means
from the Federal Treasury for the support of the '
Army, unless trammeled with the provision, that !
no part of the funds appropriated were to be used
by the President of the United States to enforce 1
the laws passed by the Legislature of the Terri- '
tory of Kansas. And they have openly main-
tained and avowed a willingness to arrest all sup-
plies to support the Government until the na- ;
tional Democratic Senate should consent to the
restoration of the old Missouri line of restriction. .
And this party have assembled in convention,
and notwithstanding they wrangled and differed,
until their harmony was seriously endangered,
upon personal preferences, and other topics of
angry discussion on the subject of southern sub-
mission and northern supremacy—on the ques-
tion of perpetuating to the South the rights which
it enjoys under the Constitution, and will never
surrender while the Union lasts—on this sub-
ject we find a most extraordinary concurrence of
sentiment of and action. It was a convention in j
which no compromise of Union for the sake of
the Union was to be tolerated—no half-way meas- ;
ures were to be entertained—their resolves were j
to breathe a haughty defiance to the South, and
to the national men of the-North, and of all sec- ;
tions—they were to declare that a section was
henceforth to lord it over the Union; and, to use
the lahguage of one of their leaders in the other
wing of this Capitol—" the time for compromises
was past." And they had determined to demon- j
strate the-sincerity with which this defiance and
these resolves were then proclaimed. They made i
choice of their candidates, John C. Fremont for j
the Presidency, and "William L. Dayton for the
Vice Presidency, both of them citizens of the
non-slaveholding section of the Union — both
sectional candidates, oneby apostacy, Ale other
by birth—and both pledged% if elected, to carry
out the revolutionary platform of principles upon
which they now stand before tne country and
the world. In this platform they declare—and
they stand pledged to carry out, if elected, these
treasonable purposes—the implacable hostility
of one section against the other—the majority
section in point of numbers, arrayed against
the South, the minority section of this Confed-
eracy. The minority, it is alleged, is aggressive
in its acts and principles upon the rights and in-
terests of the majority, and this is one of the
avowed objects of this sectional combination.
But their position is well understood. The peo-
ple of the southern States are too enlightened to
give them any considerable support in the ap-
proaching presidential election.
In the State of Kentucky alone, of all the slave-
holding States, have any portion of the southern j
people dared to hoist the black banner of Black 1
Republicanism. This is simply a demonstra-
tion for political effect—to relieve this party from
the odium of northern sectionalism, and has
not deceived, and will not deceive, any well-in-
formed man in any section of the Union. In the
North, they glory in and boast of the fact, that they
represent the North; and that it is their purpose
to teach the South in this election that the North
is to be the Union; that having the majority,
this majority shall rule this great Confederacy
in all future time. They have even defaced and
sectionalized our national banner, because its
stars and stripes represented each of the United
States, and thrown to the breeze their mutilated
emblem of sectional supremacy, and on its folds
can only be seen stars and frtripes representing
Birtecn imperial' non*slaveho4dhig Slates. What
does all this mean? Is it the commencement of
a revolution, or the mere outburst of fanaticism
run mad? And shall we hesitate to look these
facts full in the face, and draw faithful and hon-
est conclusions from them? I confess, sir, I am
alarmed at the hostile position assumed by one
section of the Union against the other; and I do
not hesitate to say here in my place, that these
measures can never be consummated in this coun-
try without disrupting the ties that bind these
States together in the bonds of common brother-
hood and of a common Confederacy. It is an
insult to the Sonth, under the existing excitement
on a question of such vital concern and interest
to them and to their descendants, to bring before
the American people these two sectional candi-
dates for President and Vice President of the
United States; and there is no southern man wht>
is not a traitor to his own domestic institutions
that does not feel indignant at the boldness and
impudence of this spirit of aggression upon our
rights as co-equals and co-heirs in our common
heritage of freedom and independence. And
should the ides of November disclose the fact,
that a majority of the people of the United States
have, by their votes, elected the Black Repub-
lican nominees for President and Vice President,
this Government, for eighty years the hope and
wonder of the world, will be shaken to its very
foundations. What southern man would stoop
so low as, in the event of suceess, to accept po-
sition under such an Administration? What
southern man would dare to sit cheek by jowl
in a cabinet composed of soeh men as Greeley,
of New York, and the senior member from the
State of Ohio, [Mr. Gnmntes ?] If there should
prove to be one craven spirit who would consent
to barter the rights of himself and his section
under the Government of the United States, for
the vain empty trappings of place and office, I
confess I do not know who that man is. I would
not do my most violent personal and political
enemy sueh injustice as to believe him capable
of so much baseness and treachery. Could an
Administration, organized exclusively from one
hostile section, hope to havea quiet and peaceful
reign ? If these mad fanatics, goaded on by the
ambition of selfish and heartless leaders, could
give but a moment to sober reflection, they would
see that, if it be desirable to preserve the Union,
formed by the patriots of the Revolution, they
must stop before they progress to the fatal issue.
But, sir, these Bla«k Republicans are not all
demented, nor are they deficient either injudg-
ment or shi*wdBeis . They know as well as you
or myself thaMbe end of these plans is a dissolu-
tion of the Federal Union. They are fighting for
it, and pursuing just such a course as will bring
it about, though they do not avow their object
openly, for fear that manv of their supporters
might not be yet prepared for such a result, or
might openly revolt against their organization and
authority. I have, time and again, during this
session, heard the senior member from Ohio, [Mr.
Giddings,] in the course of his abusive tirades
against the South, allude to the fact, that southern
members had declared, on the floor of the House,
that these aggressions of the North, if success-
ful, would be resisted, even to a dismemberment
of the Union. And I confess, sir, I was indig-
nant at the imperious manner in which he treated
these declarations. He asserted that his party,
or faction—for the word party would be misap-
plied in such connection—would not only have the
power to do all that they proposed, but that they
Would have power also to prevent a dissolution
of the Union; and that they would take care to
provide against any such contingency on the part
of one or all of the southern States united. I
was, sit, indignant at the arrogance and assump-
tion of power and control that he claimed over the
destinies of a free country. But, when I reflected
that his purpose was to say harsh and insulting
things within parliamentary order and rule—as
to exasperate southern members beyond the limits
of human endurance and self-control—I was
somewhat appeased in my resentment. The
knowledge that he, as the recognized leader and
champion of the Black Republicans of this House,
must say and do much to disguise their disunion
TnOvements frMn their fanatical and unsuspecting
followers, has relieved me of all the bitterness
of personal anger indulged in for a brief space
only.
These are the positions of the Black Republic-
ans, and they are met openly and boldly before
the country by the great national Democratic
party of the United States. It has held its quad-
rennial convention, and not only was every State
in the Union represented, but every single con-
gressional district in the Union sent its delegate,
who had a seat in that convention. They reas-
serted the time-honored principles of the Dem-
ocratic party, and boldly avowed its position upon
the present paramount issues that now divide the
people of the United States into three prominent
political parties. They say to the Black Repub-
licans, Congress has no right to legislate at all on
the subject of slavery in the Territories; but that
we approve and sustain the principles laid down
in the Kansas and Nebraska bill, which expressly
declares that the people of these Territories shall
determine for themselves what shall be the char-
acter of their own domestic institutions when
they form their constitution preparatory to their
admission into the Union as sovereign States.
This is the national platform of principles in ref-
erence to this exciting question, unanimously
adopted by the'convention which assembled in
Cincinnati in May last, in which the voice of the
whole Union was stiffed neither by sectional
clamor nor "shrieks for freedom." Here the
northern Democracy was found to be as open,
frank, and as cordial in the support of this posi-
tion as any Representative from Georgia or any
other southern State ; and they selected two sound,
able, and distinguished statesmen, whose past
lives illustrate every principle and every sentiment
embodied' in that platform, as their standard-
bearers in the pending contest for President and
Vice President of the United States. And from
every section of this extended Confederacy, with
a unanimity and enthusiasm without a parallel,
the people are now rallying to their support as
the only hope of preserving the Constitution and
the Union.
I regret, Mr. Chairman, that there should be
even a semblance of division in the South in this
hour of her severest trials upon issues that are
unimportant compared with the vital and moment-
ous character of the questions put in issue by
the Black Republicans or Abohtionists of the
North. Some of us differ as to the power of the
Federal Govsrmnent to make appropriations for
internal improvements, and we may have soma
differences upon other questions that affect ths
administrative policy of the Government; but
when we see the great army of the Abolitionists
and Free-Soilers at the North uniting under the
black banner of Black Republicanism, in a con-
test in which, if they succeed, they will, at one
fell blow, sweep off two thousand millions of
southern slave property, and convert the same
amount of real estate, now valuable and product-
ive, into a barren waste—and we, reduced to the
position of vassals and slaves to our northern
task-masters. I say under this state of things,
is it not the duty of patriots of all parties and
sections to unite and combine to defeat this un-
holy and wicked combination ? I am aware, that
many of those who are now giving their support
to Mr. Fillmore, as the nominee of the American
convention, are doing so under the belief that he
is a sound national conservative man, and if elect-
ed will maintain all the compromises of the Con-
stitution of the United States, as interpreted by
intelligent men of all parties of the South; but
whatever may have been thought or believed on
this point heretofore, the disclosures of the prat
few weeks prove that it is • dangerous fallacy;
nay, more, some are deceived into the belief that
the contest now going an, in which the dearest
rights of the South are involved, is, in fact, be-
tween Mr. Fillmore, as the nominee of the Ameri-
can party, and Mr. Fremont, as the nominee and
representative of the Black Republicans.
Bat is it not notorious that the National Coun-
cil that assembled in the city of Philadelphia in
the month of February last, by a la^w majority
voted out the twelfth section of their platform,
adopted in June, 1855; and was. not this the only
plank in the American platform of 1855, on which
«ay southern ma® was writing to rest the rights
the South oa the inns presented by the Black
