nm
appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 2,
34th Cong..J1 st Sess.
Goods Destroyed by Fire—Mr. Pelton.
Ho. of Reps.
Republicans in the present contest, and the Free-
Soih>rs and Abolitionists of former times? Is it
not equally notorious that this action, on the part
of the National Council, was very offensive to
southern delesrates who were in attendance in the
Council, and some of them openly withdrew from
that body, and washed their hands of all future
connection with such a dangerous political organ-
ization. And is it not also a fact, equally well
established, that on the succeeding day, in the same
city, the American party organized a National
Nominating Convention, composed principally of
the same delegates who had, in council the day
before, repudiated the twelfth section of the plat-
form of 1855, and on a test vote admitted to seats
as delegates of that nominating convention a del-
egation from the State of Pennsylvania that had
repudiated the twelfth section, to the exclusion
of a delegation representing a party in that State
who had stood by and sustained that platform ?
The fact is notorious; and this led again to another
split, and more than one member withdrew, openly
denouncing the action of a majority of that con-
vention. Now that the Free-Soilers and Black
Republicans in that convention had the power to
nominate just whom they pleased—that they did
give shape, form, and character to the platform,
against the united vote of the South, and all
northern delegates who were acting in concert
with them—and that this majority had the power
to say who should, and who should not, be del-
egates in the nominating convention—and this
power they did exercise in a manner to give just
cause of complaint to all southern delegates, no
man can deny.
Under this statement of facts, Mr. Chairman,
can any man in his senses even doubt that this
division of the American party, in their national
convention, had the power to nominate whom
they chose for the offices of President and Vice
President of the United States ? Did that ma-
jority nominate Mr. Fillmore ? If they did, this
circumstance should cause southern men to sus-
pect his soundness on the issue now made against
the people and institutions of the South. Every-
body will concede that a large number of this
convention were as rabid anti-slavery men as any
of those associated with the Black Republicans;
they voted to strike out the twelfth section of the
platform. This ought to be sufficient to satisfy
any southern man of the fact; but I have other
ana higher evidence of this fact, and I pledge
myself to satisfy even the American party, that a
majority were rabid anti-slavery men. But,
again, some South Americans have admitted that
the platform adopted by their national conven-
tion in 1856 "did not suit a southern latitude."
And yetMr. Fillmore has approved it,and to-day
stands flatly upon it, and upon the principles em-
bodied in that platform asks the support of the
American people to the highest office in their gift.
Take these facts, with the further fact, that he
has in a speech, delivered lately at the city of
Rochester, New York, publicly avowed his op-
position to the repeal of the Missouri restriction,
and did not hesitate to declare, that it is the Pan-
dora's box from which have issued all our trou-
bles; and if southern men do not see danger in
his success, to the principles that all men at the
South have with one voice declared of vital im-
portance to our welfare, prosperity, and happi-
ness, then I confess they have more confidence
in one man than I have ever had in the whole
human race.
Is it not a significant fact, that Mr. Dunn, a
leading member of Congress from the State of
Indiana, and the nominee of the American party
for elector to represent that State at large, has
deelared in his place on this floor, that he would
refuse to vote any appropriation for the support of
the Government until Congress should be forced
to restore the Missouri restriction? Is it not
also a significant fact, that Mr. Dunn, of Indiana,
and Mr. Haven, of New York, both leading
Americans and supporters of Mr. Fillmore, as
well as most of the northern friends of Mr. Fill-
more, have, time and again, at this session, voted
to restore the Missouri restriction ? Is it possible
that Mr. Haven, the late associate and intimate
personal and political friend of Mr. Fillmore,
would advocate the restoration of the Missouri
compromise line, as a cardinal point of political
doctrine, when he knew Mr. Fillmore to be op- !
posed to that policy ? If there is a southern man, I
who, in view of all these crushing facts, can hes- ;
itate on this subject, or doubt as to the position !
of Mr. Fillmore, 1 can only say of all such, that i
I compassionate them for their credulity. Mr.
Fillmore is not, I admit, the candidate of the j
Black Republicans, at least he was not voted for
and nominated by them. When their course in
the National Convention and National Council
had given just cause of offense to the southern ;
Americans, and forced the latter to withdraw from i
all connection with them, they saw.ifthey pushed
this matter to the extreme point, and nominated
any man obnoxious to that portion of the party,
they would secede in a body, and unite and act
with the National Democracy. To prevent this
result, and with a hope of keeping up a division
at the South, they permitted the Fillmore men,
the great majority of whom were from the South,
to make his nomination over their head. The
majority who had the power to make a platform
of principles objectionable to the South ana accept-
able to the northern division of the American
party, and who had the power, and exercised it,
of excluding their political opponents in the State
of Pennsylvania, who were in favor of the twelfth
section of the platform of 1855, was actually over-
slaughed by the minority in that convention, in
the nomination of Mr. Fillmore; and these arch-
political wire workers were so indignant and out-
raged, pretendedly, by this action, that they bolted
the nomination, and in the month of June follow-
ing called another convention, to be held in the
city of New York. And when this American
bolter's convention assembled, the majority, at
first, nominated N. P. Banks, of Massachusetts,
the Speaker of this House, as their candidate for
the Presidency; but he having declined the honor
of a race, they finally settled down, and agreed to
support for the Presidency John C. Fremont,
the nominee of the Black Republican party.
And thus have I demonstrated, beyond even
cavil or doubt, that a majority of the American
convention held in the city of Philadelphia were
rabid anti-slavery men, and that they were in
heart and soul, at the very outset, Black Repub-
licans. And no man can doubt that these men
went to the American convention as the instru-
ments and tools of such political leaders as
I Seward, Greeley, and Weed, only in furtherance
' of their ulterior purpose of securing a triumph to
the Black Republican nominees. Will southern
men and slaveholders, whose dearest rights are
involved in the present contest, act as the willing
and unsuspecting dupes of such arch enemies of
their own section ? I cannot believe that any
considerable portion of the national conservative
men of either the North or South will lend them-
selves in aid of such an outrage upon the Consti-
tution as must inevitably endanger the peace and
harmony, if not the existence, of the Union.
Mr. Chairman, I have said nearly all that I
intended to say when I took the floor. In the
States of Wisconsin, Iowa, Michigan, Illinois,
Vermont, Maine, and New Hampshire, there is
not at this time, and from present indications
there will not be, any electoral ticket for Fillmore
and Donelson. In the remaining non-slavehold-
ing States not even a faint hope of receiving an
electoral vote for a ticket put forth for a sham,
and tossed by as a plaything. In the State of
New Jersey the prospect is not more flattering—
and evenin Delaware the conservative Democracy
will dispute every inch of that gallantState. Am
I asked, if defeat is so certain, and treachery so
clear, why do not the Fillmore forces disband and
rally at once under the banners of Buchanan or
Fremont? The answer is at hand. The Fillmore
wing of Black Republicanism must play out the
game so adroitly commenced. If they can suc-
ceed in keeping up an organisation in the South
they may possibly, by carrying a few old Whig
States in that section, throw the election into the
House of Representatives; and then the same
combinations that placed Nathaniel P. Banks in
the Speaker's chair would conduct John C.Fre-
mont to the presidential mansion. This is, in my
honest judgment, the secret scheme that underlies
all their movements. For this have they toiled
by night and by day. To this end have been di-
rected the congressional plots—-the extraordinary
proceedings—the disregard of constitutional law
—the expulsion of members—the violation of par-
liamentary decorum, which have characterized
the session of Congress now drawing to a close.
But, sir, before resuming my seat, justice de-
mands an acknowledgment of the eminent and
patriotic services of the national Democracy in
the North, who now, as always, stand by the
South in the maintenance of its rights, and in
defense of the Constitution. Although they strug-
gle with us in a common cause—the preservation
of the Union and the perpetuity cf our free insti
tutions—although we battle against a common
foe, and rally like brothers under 11 common flag,
we cannot forget that the contest in the present
fight is peculiarly ours, and that the subjugation
and enthralment of the South are the avowed
purpose for which all these combinations are
formed. Their generous devotion to the cause of
their country, when all around them have proved
faithless and base, inspires in the southern heart
an abiding confidence that that Providence, which
has protected us so far, will watch over us still,
and conduct us in safety through the perils of
this contest.
If the Constitution shall outlive the assaults
and conspiracies of 1856—if the stars and stripes
of thirty-one free, and equal, and independent
; sovereignties shall again be restored to our shorn
: and mutilated banner—if our country is still to
! continue to be the home of freemen and the
asylum of the oppressed and down-trodden of
other climes—it will be because the gallant and
patriotic national men of the non-slaveholding
States will have said to the angry billows that
now threaten to engulf in one common ruin,
the rights and liberties of nearly thirty millions
of freemen, " Thus far shalt thou go, but no
further!"
GOODS DESTROYED BY FIRE.
SPEECH OF HON. GUY R. PELTON,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
Jlugust 2, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. PELTON said:
Mr. Chairman: The remarks which I propose
to submit to the consideration of the committee
and of the House, shall possess at least one merit
—that of brevity; and, perhaps, may be some-
what of a novelty, inasmuch as they will be en-
tirely disconnected from any of the political issues
of the day, which are the burden of a large por-
tion of the speeches made before you.
The observations which I shall offer are not
intended particularly "for the country" or "for
home consumption," out I desire to address them
to the deliberate judgment of gentlemen on this
floor. The subject which I shall very briefly
discuss is one of legitimate legislation, and one
of much magnitude to a portion of my constitu
ents. I refer to the Senate bill which I had the
honor, some months since, to report from the
Committee on Commerce, to refund duties upon
imports destroyed by fire while in their original
ana unbroken packages as imported.
As I am the only member of that committee
from the city or State of New York, it has very
properly devolved upon me to report the bill to
the House; and, since it has been so reported, it
is my duty to urge its full, and impartial consid-
eration. And I have sought this opportunity,
sir, that the House may become possessed of the
real facts and merits of the question, substantially
by the best proofs attainable, from official and
other reliable resources, and I appeal to the can-
did consideration and judgment of gentlemen
to determine whether the principle involved ia
founded on sound policy and substantial justice,
both as it affects the Government and the mer-
cantile community. Both are alike interested in
the judgment of Congress upon this subject, and
justice towards the one must be measured by
what is justice towards the other.
Sir, so far as I know, or can ascertain from,
any petitions, memorials, or other documents or
papers before the House or the committee, or
