1856.}
j43*REJ*DIX *K> THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1133
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Goods Destroyed by Fire—Mr. Pelt on.
Ho. op Reps.
dollars. They furnish the sinews of the Govern-
ment. The onerous exactions required in the
support of that Government fall directly and
heavily upon them; yet they submit cheerfully,
without murmuring and without complaint, as a
law-loving and a law-abiding community. But,
sir, it is as foreign to my present purpose, as. it
would be uncalled for, for me to enter upon &
eulogy upon their merits or upon their enterprise.
The merchants of New York require no pane-
gyric at the hands of their Representatives. Our
commercial and statistical records, the great ave-
nues of wealth which they have opened, and
resources of the country which they nave devel-
oped and rendered tributary to our national
greatness, are the most potent and truthful ora-
tors in their behalf. Tneir merchantmen, laden
with the rich contributions of commerce, are
borne upon the waters of every navigable sea and
ocean, and the monuments of their industry and
enterprise are reared everywhere.
Itis my intention, sir, to confine myself closely
to my purpose of substantiating my positions
relative to this measure, notwithstanding, in dis-
proving the erroneous charges and false asser-
tions, 1 shall be compelled to prove a negative.
I propose to state facts, briefly, and then draw
deductions therefrom, showing that, in my esti-
mates, I have given the largest latitude for con-
tingencies.
The bill of 1838, for the relief of the sufferers
by the fire in New York of 1835, is unlimited in
amount. In that fire there was consumed prop-
erty of every description, including buildings, to
the amount of near fifteen millions of dollars.
There were six hundred and seventy-four tene-
ments destroyed, and the insurance on all was
ten millions. Every insurance company, with
but three exceptions, wis made bankrupt; yet
the amount of duties refunded under the act of
1838, according to the statement from the Treas-
ury Department, which is hereto annexed, was
#177,410 09.
At the fire on the 19th July, 1845, for which
relief is asked, there were three hundred and ten
tenements destroyed, four hundred and one firms
and individuals burnt out, comprising one hun-
dred and ninety-seven merchants and dealers,
of whom some sixty-five were importers and
claimants.
. The amount of property of every description,
including buildings, was under five millions; the
whole loss in merchandise, including foreign and
domestic, broken and unbroken, ^mounted to
two or two and a half millions of dollars.
The entire amount of claims under the fire of
1835, was stated by Mr. Silas Wright, in the
Senate, while the bill of 1838 was pending before
that body, to be upwards of five hundred thousand
dollars; yet but $177,410 09 was proved, so as to
receive the benefits of the law.
The entire original amount of the claims by
the fire of 1845 was about $400,000, and this sum
has been materially reduced in consequence of
the remissions on wines and liquors, under the
act of March, 1854.
The statement of the merchants of New York,
which has been recently transmitted to me, and
signed by Messrs. Barclay & Livingston, and a
large number of other firms equally distinguished
in the commercial world for their experience and
integrity, assert—first, that no claims have been
sold or assigned; that they, as the original claim-
ants, still hold them—thus putting at rest the as-
sertion that they are in the hands of speculators,
and that the passage of the- bill before the House
would inure to the benefit of others than the
original sufferers; and, secondly, that $300,000
will cover all the claims under tne provisions of
the bill before the House.
These statements are indorsed by the Cham-
ker of Commerce of the city of New York,
coupled with the earnest recommendation, as a
matter of right and justice, that a bill granting
the relief asked for may be passed by Congress.
TJie well known character, the dignity and
standing of that body, is such as to entitle their
acts to the fullest consideration and highest re-
spect. Their report upon the subject is as fol-
lows:
Whereas, it appears by recent proceedings and debates in
th« House of Representatives of the United States, upon a
bill to remit duties paid on goods destroyed by fire in the
original and unbroken packages as imported, thai erroneous
statements have been made prejudicial to the bill, and there-
fore endangering its passage ; and
Whereas, the prmcipal benefits to accrue from said bill,
will inure to the business community ot' this city, the large
majority of the claimants being sufferers by the fire which
occurred in this city in July, 1845, which involved a loss
including buildings and property of every description, of
about $5,000,000; and
Whereas, from the best information laid before us and
obtainable, it appears that the aggregate of the claims for the
return of the duties on goods so destroyed in their original
and unbroken packages never exceeded the sum of about
$400,000; and
Whereas, the claims still remain in the hands of the mer-
chants, the sufferers, and original claimants, or die insurance
companies to the extent of the insurance paid: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Chamber of Commerce of the city of
Ne*> Tori, That the delegation in Congress from the State
of New York, and especially those representing this city,
be, and they are hereby* respectfully requested to use every
effort to secure the passage of a bill for the refunding the
duties paid on goods destroyed, as before recited, and to re-
pel as incorrect any statement conflicting with the facts
as set forth in the preamble to this resolution.
Resolved, That a copy of the foregoing be transmitted to
each of the Representatives in Congress from this city, and
to each of the Senators from the State of New York.
Adopted at a special meeting held July 14, 1856.
By order of the chamber: P. PER1T, Pretident.
Edward C. Bogert, Secretary.
Sir, aside from these reliable statements, I beg
that it may be borne in mind that, in 1835, the
property destroyed was nearly $15,000,060. In
1845 the amount destroyed was under $5,000,000.
In 1835 the claims amounted to about $600,000,
of which but 0177,410 09 was proved and paid.
In 1845 thw amount originally tlaimed was $400,-
000, and that now $300,000 will cov£r all. Rea-
soning from analogy, how much of these claims
will be proven ana paid ? In my judgment not
more than from $150,000 to $300,000 at the ut-
most. It will also be borne in mind thataportion
of the original claimants have been paid under
the provisions of the general warehousing law of
1854. Prom the letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury, which I have read, it appears that there
has been remitted upon wines and liquors de-
stroyed by the great fire in New York, in 1845,
the sum of $109,967 52, and which, of course, is
to be deducted frpm the aggregate amount which
it is claimed should be remitted.
But, sir, there is another consideration worthy
of asingle remark. Notwithstanding wide-spread
ruin followed as a consequence of the fire of 1845,
and scores of prosperous merchants were reduced
from affluence to penury, the Government will
inevitably be benefited by the calamity, and the
misfortunes of its citizens will prove * matter of
speculation to it. '
The Government did, in fact, receive indemnity
for the remission of duties upon imports de-
stroyed, in the new importation of goods. The
destruction created a necessity for fresh and dupli-
cate imports; and, immediately after the fire,
similar merchandise was imported to replace that
destroyed by fire, and upon -which duties were
also paid, being equivalent to double duties on
that which entered into the consumption of the
country. The importers relied upon the justice
of the Government for obtaining a return of at
least a part of the duties first paid.
The duties on the imported merchandise that was destroyed
amounted to     .. .$600,000
If none of these duties are returned, and supposing
that the goods destroyed were replaced by pew
importations, the Government will be actually
benefited by the fire to the amount of..   600,000
If the sum of $300,000, or one half, be returned to
the claimants, the Government will still be bene-
fited by the fire  300,000
As an illustration of the fact that duplicate im-
portations were made, I beg leave to read an ex-
tract from a letter which I have recently received
froma gentleman who was, at the time of the fire,
an importerin New York. He says:
" We had imported one hundred and sixteen bales of
goods, and paid $8,000 duties. Nine days after, the fire
comsumed them, still being in unbroken packages. We
knowing them to be very salable goods, and believing we
should soon be refunded the duties, immediately ordered a
similar invoice in amount and quality, and just eighty-three
days after the fire the goods arrived, were entered at our cus-
tom-house, and about $8,000 paid again."
In San Francisco, if the provision of the ware-
housing act had been in practical operation, there
would have been no claim, because^ the act of
March, 1854, would have given relief. But it
appears that there were not, and could not be,
warehouses furnished in accordance with the
provisions of the warehousing act, for there were
none then built. We had but just taken posses-
sion of the country, and extended our laws over
it. Hence it was that foreign goods could not be
in bond, and the penalty of the laches on the part
of the Government, unavoidable as they were,
should not attach to the importer; and therefore
he is put upon the same footing as the more fa*
vored in the older ports of the Atlantic.
I can form no positive idea or estimate of the
amount which would be claimed in that port.
The whole amount of the duties collected for the
two years ewding 30th June, 1851, the Secretary
of the Treasury states to have been $1,982,365 33.
iVide report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
ated June 17, 1856, marked F.) Of this amount,
: of course, the principal part of the merchandise
on Which it was levied was distributed through-
Out the State, and it is my opinion and belief
,. that $100,000 cannot be proved to have been de-
stroyed in the original packages. At Charleston,
| South Carolina, $5,000 to $10,000 will cover all
ji her claims.
! Mr. Chairman, the provisions of the act of
i| 1854, to which I have previously alluded, au-
| thorized the remission or abatemsnt of duties on
foods while in bond. The bill now before the
louse refers to merchandise destroyed while in
the " original and unbroken packages, as im-
ported." I deem it proper to refer to this dif-
ference in phraseology lest some may not under-
| stand the cause of it. It is well known that the
J' details of our revenue system have been varied as
I often as the political revolutions of the country
gave the complete ascendency to one or the other
of the great political parties of the day, and
hence, m the language of the various acts re-
funding or remitting duties, the words "remit,"
"refund," or "abate," arc Used SS the practices
of the period might require.
Prior to 1842, credits were given for duties—
bonds, with indorsers, exacted; and if, before the
maturity and payment of said bonds, remission
was to be made, no money having been received,
the word "remit" is used, the amount, if partial,
being indorsed on the bond, or the bond canceled.
In 1842, all duties were thereafter required to
be paid forthwith on the importation of the goods,
in cash, and therefore were " refunded" to
claimants, when authorized^
In 1846, the warehousing act was passed,
which requires- neither bonds nor cash, the im-
porter having the privilege of storing his goods in
warehouse for a prescribed time, without the
payment of any duty, until he elects whether he
will reexport tnem, or withdraw them for home
consumption. This latter,of course, is not done
until the period or opportunity for sale has
arrived, and, therefore, if the goods are damaged
or destroyed, the duties are " abated."
In 1845 the duties on all goods had to be paid
forthwith, and the goods taken from the custody
of the Government; but the law allowed the mer-
chant to reexport them, or such as he pleaaed,
provided he nad retained them in the original
packages as imported, and on such exportation
to obtain a return of the duties so paid. This
was called the " debenture" or " drawback sys-
tem." It will be observed that the importer was
compelled to take his goods into his own custody
and pay the duties; but if they did not enter into
the consumption of the country, he could, upon
entry and due proof of export, receive back his
money without interest.
Thus, sir, the claimants under this bill were
compelied to take their goods into their own cus-
tody, and pay the duties in cash. Some, at the
time of their destruction, were in transitu for ex-
portation; others had been landed but a day; and
what they now ask is, simply that, on such goods
as were destroyed ill their original and unbroken
packages as imported, on which they would have
been entitled to drawback, the duties shall be re-
mitted to them.
The bill is most stringent in its regulations.
The original entries, and invoices are in the cus-
tom-houses as a check. The _ officers of the
customs are to make the examinations, and all
proceedings are to receive the sanction of the
Secretary of the Treasury before a dollar can
be paid. This bill was framed by two distin-
guished members of the Senate, [Messrs. Hun-
