1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1185
34th Conq....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Grow.
Ho. of Reps.
These commissioners, thus appointed, are to
proceed to Kansas, take a census of the popula-
tion of the Territory, regulate the election dis-
tricts. apportion the members among the several
districts, and appoint all election boards, and such
assistants as they deem necessary.
And no person can vote at the election so fixed
and regulated, unless his name is on the census
list prepared by these commissioners and their
assistants.
It is of no little consequence, then, to know
who are the men into whose hands such vital in-
terests are to be intrusted. To them is to be com-
mitted, not only the rights and interests of the
present inhabitants of the Territory, but the char-
acter of its institutions, and the destiny of the
future State. Are they to be men anxious to
secure to the citizens of that Territory the rights
guarantied to them by the Constitution of their
country ? Or are they to be like all the appointees
sent by this Administration into that Territory,
save the first, who were removed on false pre-
tenses—men whose whole energies are to be de-
voted to enslaving Kansas, and laying it bound
and manacled at the feet of the slave power that
rules the Republic?
It has been rumored in outside circles, that the
President has promised that the commissioners
under this bill shall be men of known integrity
and undoubted fairness. Is it notnowthe bounden
duty of the President to send such men to Kansas
to administer the territorial government in accord-
ance with the law of Congress ? Has he not failed
to do so in every instance? Ought his word to be
taken, then, for the future, when we have his acts
for the past? It was the judgment of one of the
country's noblest patriots, that the experience of
the past was the best guide for the future.
On the 4th of March, 1853, the rancor engen-
dered in the public mind by past sectional con-
flicts had lost its bitterness, and a spirit of har-
mony and fraternal concord prevailed throughout
the Union.
Prom the steps of yonder portico, the Presi-
dent, on that day, proclaimed that the existing
peace and harmony of the Union should not be
disturbed during his continuance in office. In
his annual message, eight months after, he reit-
erated the same declaration. Yet, in less than
two months thereafter, he yielded himself and
the political power and patronage of his adminis-
tration to break down a great landmark of free-
dom that had guarded half of a continent for more
than a third of a century against the inroads of
slavery. In flagrant violation of the pledge of
the Democratic party, made in good faitn, to
resist " all attempts to agitate the slavery ques-
tion in Congress or out of it," he cast upon the
country one of the most bitter and intense slavery
agitations known to our history, and which has
covered the Union with a stormy;3ea of conten-
tion and strife.
Sir, is it expected that the friends of freedom
will again soon confide in the promise of a man
false to the teachings of his childhood, and the
convictions of his riper yearB; false to the plighted
faith of his party; false to his own pledges pub-
licly proclaimed to the world; false to his solemn
written declarations; false to humanity and the
peace and well-being of his country ? Shall we
longer intrust to such a man, or his minions, the
interests of American citizens whose appeals for
justice he has disregardad, and whose dearest
rights he has permitted ruthlessly to be violated,
their houses burned, their property seized, and
public buildings destroyed, by those whom he
rewards with place ana with power, while he
turns a deaf ear to the appeals of men in irons
under a charge of treason for peaceably assem-
bling to petition their Government for a redress
of grievances ?
This bill, heralded to the country as a bill to re-
store to the citizens of Kansas the rights wrested
from them by gross fraud, and open and notorious
violence, is entrusted in its execution wholly to
the Executive and his appointees. After the past
record of its acts and broken pledges, should the
friends of free Kansas trust it longer?
No bill for the redress of the wrongs of Kan-
sas should receive the approval of any lover of
justice, that places the means of redress in the
nands of this Administration.
Under this bill, no one can vote unless his name
be upon the census roll, prepared bv your com-
missioners and their assistants. What pledge
has the country—what pledge has the bona fide
citizens of R.ansas-+-that the census may not be
fixed and arranged by the same men who have
inflictod upon Kansas all its woes ?
May not Donelson, Stringfellow, Jones, and
others of that chosen posse, be the assistants of
the commissioners, and place on this census
roll such names as they think proper ?—these men
who have violated all rights guarantied and se-
cured to the citizens of thecountry by its organic
law—who have trampled down in that Territory
the inalienable rights of man, and every princi-
ple of civil liberty—would they hesitate in the
consummation of their darling project by putting
upon the census roll such names as would effect-
ually secure their object ?
But to pass the portion of the bill that provides
for an enumeration of voters, another of its pro-
visions is, that the commissioners shall apportion
the members of the convention according to the
number of voters in the respective districts, in-
stead of the inhabitants.
Why is this? In order to give to those dis-
tricts where the soldiers of fortune who come
from the South for the sole purpose of making
Kansas a slave State have made their domicile
during the summer, a majority of delegates to
the convention, districts containing only bona
fide settlers, with their families around them,
though they might have five times the population
of other districts, yet their number of delegates
under this arrangement might be much less.
For instance, there might be two hundred voters
at Leavenworth,' and one- hundred at Topeka;
while the inhabitants of Topeka might be five
times as many as at Leavenworth, yet Leaven-
worth would have twice as many delegates in
the convention.
Studiously and careftilly concealed under all
the provisions of this bill, is the great object and
design of securing Kansas to slavery, which,
from the first, has brought upon the country its
F resent troubles, and on Kansas all its wrongs,
t is to be accomplished, first, by placing in the
hands of the Administration the maiding of that
Territory into a State—an Administration which
has shown its devotion to the interests of slavery
in every movement in Kansas, and in everything
elsewhere, since it first turned its eye to a pro-
longation of itd existence for another four years.
Next, by the appointment of the members of the
convention by the number of voters, instead of
inhabitants, and taking the census after many
of the free-State men have been exiled from their
homes, and others compelled to leave, and remain
out of the T erritory, or drag out these long summer
days in chains on a charge of treason, awaiting a
trial by a jury packed by the marshal, and before
a judge who convicts in advance.
But even if the census was a fair one, what
security have the bona fide citizens of the Terri-
tory, or what security have the men of the coun-
try, who have ajust appreciation of these wrongs,
that the bona fide settlers may not be again tram-
pled down-at the ballot-box, as they have been
at every election heM heretofore in the Territory ?
What security have they that five thousand men
will not be again marched into that Territory with
arms and cannon, and all the implements of war,
and drive from the polls the bona fide citizens who
have sought a home in Kansas—to drive from the
polls such men as those mentioned by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] in his speech
a few days since. A gray-haired veteran, who
had fought the battles of his country in two wars,
who had lived on the frontier for half a century,
and who had gone out with his family seeking a
last earthly home on the plains of Kansas, and
when he came to exercise the right of an Ameri-
can freeman, was thrust from the ballot-box by
invading strangers. What security, I ask, can
you give that all rights will not be trampled down
again at the ballot-box ? One more invasion, one
more forcible overthrow of the rights of freemen
in that Territory under this bill, secures her for-
ever to slavery; and is not that an inducement
strong enough to send forth again these five thou-
sand invaders from Missouri ?
When they went before it was with no other
| object in view, and no other object to he secured,
j save the election of a Territorial Legislature. Now
I they would go to secure the organic law of the
future State, which would make her slave forever,
and add to the political strength of the slave
power of the country. In this case the stake
w6uld be of vast magnitude. In the other it was
but a trifle. If they had failed in electing the Terri-
torial Legislature, another trial was open to them.
But, in this case, the last grand act in the drama
that has been enacted for two years would be
consummated. The original design of the repeal
of the Missouri compromise would be attained in
this act, should it become a law. It would only be
necessary for slavery to carry one election and the
work would be complete; for the constitution to be
formed by the delegates elected is not to be sub-
mitted to a vote of the people for ratification. The
penalties in the bill for illegal voting are of no con-
sequence if the invasion should be conducted as
it was before. Men go over from Missouri and
vote, and then return, and are beyond the reach of
your penalties.
But why is it not provided that this constitution
should be submitted to a vote of the people for
adoption ? The election for delegates, by the
bill, is to be on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November, and the delegates are to
meet for the formation of a constitution on the
first Monday in December. It would be impos-
sible for the convention to complete its labors and
submit the constitution to a vote of the people
before January. If submitted to a vote then, it
i would be necessary that those who voted for
i delegates, in order to secure a provision in the
' constitution protecting slavery, should remain in
| the Territory till the ratification of the constitu-
tion. The delegate election comes just as winter
< is setting in, and the adventurers that have gone
to the Territory with no purpose of settlement,
but merely to control the character of its present
and future institutions, and having no houses
to shelter them against the inclemency of winter,
would be compelled to seek their former homes
in a warmer clime; hence there is no provision
for submitting this constitution to a vote of the
people. Nor is it required to be submitted to Con-
gress, with an application for admission into the
Union. Should the delegates to be elected under
this bill form a constitution, the moment that is
done, Kansas is a State in the Union, no matter
what may be the provisions of the constitution,
only so it is called republican in form. It may
legalize slavery, polygamy, or any other enor-
i mity, and it is beyond the reach of Congress, for
this bill declares that " until the next congres-
sional apportionment, the said State shall have one
j Representative in the House of Representatives of the
United States." Should this bill pass, and the
; delegates provided for in it form a constitution,
and the people under it elect a member of Con-
gress, by what right could you exclude him from
this floor, unless his seat was contested, though
the constitution had never been submitted to a
vote of the people to be affected by it, or presented
for the action of Congress preparatory to the ad-
mission of the State ? Sir, this mode of admit-
ting a State into the Union is unprecedented, and
I I trust that it will remain so forever, and that no
State will ever be admitted without its constitu-
tion being first submitted to Congress, if not to
a vote of the people who are to be affected by it.
The people of Kansas, with all the regularity
that characterized the formation of a constitution
and State government in Michigan, Arkansas, or
California, and with all the regularity necessary
for the people of a Territory in any case, formed
a State constitution, and presented it to this Con-
gress, with their petition to be admitted as a State
into the Union. Preparatory to its formation,
three separate conventions were held to consider
the propriety and expediency of such a move-
ment. Each of these conventions was called, on
due notice by the actual residents of the Terri-
i tory, irrespective of party or of political opinion,
j The constitution formed by the delegates elected
for that purpose was submitted to a vote of the
people in their different election precincts as fixed
by the Governor in the election of members of
the Legislature, and was ratified by a majority
of the legal voters in the Territory at that time, as
is shown by the table prepared by the committee
