l8&6Vjs!
nanr
I 7J
34th Cowg£U:1st Sess.
■Defense of AmerketnismA-jMfi iCoi.
Ho. or HepSs;:
to the Roman Catholics, is ajgi-oss slander^ \Vbich
he hurls back in the teeth of the slanderers. Now,
I ask, in calm and dispassionate reason, whether
an honest mistake in judgment is a slander ? Is'
that which a party or a number of persons be-
lieve to be true as a matter of opinion held by
another party or body of people a slander ? And
does it comport with that boasted Democratic lib-
erality and toleration thus to characterize, in the
halls of legislation, opinions honestly entertained,
even if erroneous, as unmitigated slander?
Mr. JEWETT. I ask my colleague what he.
means by an honest mistake ?
• Mr. COX. I am not at all surprised at my
colleague's zeal in defense of Roman Catholics,
hor that he should fight' his battles over agnin.
He had a hard contest to obtain the seat he now
occupies. He was sustained by a large body of
Catholics, and he feels that gratitude towards
them which men usually manifest towards those
who vote for and sustain them, and he declares
here that to discharge in part the duties he owes
them, was one of the inducements which prompted '
him to speak this evening. All this is very proper.'.
But in discharging his duty to his fKends, he !
ought to do justice to others, and allow them at I
least that presumptive honesty and sincerity ;n |
their opinions w>hich the law imputes to every 1
citizen. When my colleague is free from the
party feeling which prompts expressions ofsevere
denunciation against political opponents,,and left
to the dictates of his legal reason,he is compelled j
in justice and truth to admit, in substance, that
the charge of prosoription against the American
party is wholly unfounded. 'He says that the'
American party is not obnoxious to the charge,of
proscription.. And I now nail that charge of pro-
scription, so often made by the orators and press
of the Democratic party, with the approbation of
'jny colleague, to the counter, as an erroneous^and
unfounded allegation. T lie re is not, then,'any
proscription in the Creed of the American party.
Th$t is acknowledged by my colleague. Let it
go to the country and to the people, that it has
been asserted here to-night, by my colleague, thai
the American party, in the measures it proposes,
is not proscriptive. This admission recalls mpre j
than half of the thunder which has been hurled
against the American party. But my colleague
says the menibers of the American party are-ion-
Epirators to do mischief. ' ' !
Mr. JEWETT. I am satisfied that my coir
league does not desire to do me any injustice.
Mr. COX. Certainly?iot, Mr. Chairman ; and
if I have misunderstood my colleagye, t deaijp
him to explain-and correct me.
Mr. JEWETT. When I spoke of the Cath-
olics, I spoke without any reference to my con-
stituents, and said that the oaths and obligations,
taken and subscribed by the Know Nothin^karty,
might not be, in strict speech or in estimation of
law, proscription as against Catholics, but that it
was a conspiracy. I made no concession in regard
to their proposed legislation in regard to naturals
ized citizens.
Mr. COX. My friend used the term proscrip-
tion in a legal sense. He is a lawyer, and well
versed and profoundly read' in that abstruse sci-
ence; and he knew, when heexamined the avowed
principles of the American party, in the light of
that science, that the change of proscription was
but the denunciation of party malevolence. Hence
he adniits that the American party iB not proscrip-
tive in the technical meaning of that term. Well,
sir, that is the only meaning of that term which
has any application to party principles and inten<-
tions; ana therefore the American party has been
acquitted of that charge by my colleague. But
my: colleague says the members of that party are
conspirators. I do not apply the couplets which
I am about to quote to my colleague, but to that
ipeciea of argument:
" i hate the nit n who boilds his name
On ruins of another's fame—
Thee prudes,- by characters o'erthrown,
Imagine that they raise their own."
He says we are conspirators, but that the Dem-
ocratic party, to which he belongs, is an honest
and patriotic party. The members of the Amer-
ican partyj composed of his fellow-citizens, born
on the same soil, many of them living in the
same State, en joying a# high reputation for moral
New Series—rNo. 72.
integrity and personal -virtues,-aw conspirators
in a deep-laid conspiracy to do mischief. Is that
the liberal and tolerant language of a statesman ?
Is that the language and the policy which should'
characterize political opposition of one party
against another—of one citizen against a large
portion of his fellow-citizens ? Is it not, rather,
the extravagant and excited denunciation of party
bigotry and party tyranny, which- Mflquires rittt
only conformity to platforms, but absolute obe-
dience to all political' commands? -I 'ChargeHmv
man, in the absence of any evidence, with aA in«
tontion to do mischief to the country. If my fel-
low-citizen hate opinions, he has a right to ex«
press them. If he believes particular measures
would' promote the welfare of the country, be has
the right, and it is his duty, to use every proper
influence to carry such measures into practical
operation. May my tongue cleave to the roof of
my mouth, rather than denounce a portion of my
countrymen as conspirators to do mischief, sim-
ply because of their holding political opinions
different from those entertained Dy the party with
whom I cooperate.
Now, sir,I ask my colleague if he would vote
for a Know Nothing, or American? He an-
swers that he would not. Why not? Because
of their opinions. I do not charge him with any
illiberality in this, because he has a right to cast
his vote for the person whom he thinks best
qualified for the proposed office; but because I
exercise the same privilege which he claims and
Which I award to him under the Constitution
ahd the laws,-I'«m eharged with proscription by
nearly the whole Democratic party and press,
and with' conspiracy by my colleague!; Why,
Sir j my freedom from bigotry and intolerance is
ks far* superior to the narrow pathway marked
out by the Democratic party for its votaries as
the great highway of republican truth is to the
sinuous meanderings of party ambition. I am a
member of the American patty, and yet .1 tell
my colleague, that, notwithstanding all theabuse,
all the illiberal dettunciatityi, all the extravagant
and malevolent charges with .which that party
has been assailed ,*I eould and would vote for a
Member of his party, if L thought the trueinte-
reets"«f the country required me to do so. • I did,
sir, in the effort to organize this House, at the
commencement>of the session, and so did nearly
all the members who cooperate with me, vote for
several Democratic gentlemen for the Speakers
Ship. My colleague, and the members of the
Democratic party, could' .never .exhibit, audi a
sacrifice of personal feelingry even to prevent the
most disaatuous consequencey. During the con-
test for the Speakerships it will be remembered',
that one oif the most distinguished leaders of the
Democratic party [Mr. Howell Cobs] declared
on this floor, that he would never cast his vote
for a member of the < American party. That is
Democratic liberality. That is the very essence
of party intolerance on the .'part of that party
wljich denounces the principle .of intolerance as
anti-Republican. I do not charge the Democratic
party with -being proscriptive, however; but I
chaise that there are a great many gentlemen of
that party who seem to believe tnat the Consti-
tution and the laws, religious and social, moral
and domestic virtues, all concentrate in that
party, and whenever a man opposes the. objects
of the ambition of that party, he arrays himself
against every civil, religious, and social right.
I come now, Mr.. Chairman, to the arguments
of my1 colleague to sustain his charges against the
American party. He stated, that he had never
been able to obtain from the leaders of that party
the exact definition of their .principles and inten-
tions. That in the.discussions he had had with
fentlemen on these subjects, they had always
ep*tted from the true issues and questions in-
volved and gone off updn others not called in
question-  
Mr. JEWETT. My colleague does not ex-
actly understand me. I stated that in discussing
these questions previous to the national conven-
tion, it was promulgated that no man, or body of
men,1 had the right to speak for that party; that it
spoke for itself and not by any leader. That is it.'
Mr. COX. I suppose, Mr. Chairman, that my
colleague, after coming to the-conelusiou that tbe j
American party had no representative to speak 1
for it, thought that its adversaries and opponent*;
ought to assume that right, and. spread its print-'
aiplesr before the people. But my friend, shall
find one; on this decasion at least, ready and
willing, in an humble way, to vindicate the pore
republican principles of that party, and reeot* 
them from the misrepresentations of party hate.
Sir,, the American party, so far, fcom shrinking
from a defense of its true principles*and purposes
have met their accusers and traducers in ope>it«
manly debate; and, so far as I hare heard, hwe
never attempted-tor evade the expositioaot'.t&tin
principles, or attempted to combat the avguiraatf
of itheir opponents with vituperntionydenuneiort
tioK, and abuse. How have they been met ? I*
is acknowledged in all polemics, that the only
fair mode of treating an opponent is to allow him
to state for himself his opinions, principles, and
intentions, if his creed, thus -stated, is objec-
tionable, the rights of free discussion allow the
opponent to point them out, and demonstrate
their tendency and effect. But, instead of thin
mode of meeting the American party, the whole
Democratic press, and the orators of that party
in this Hall and before the people, have arbi-
trarily assumed that the American party held
certain doctrines, and then proceeded to denounce
the opinions which they thus imputed to that
party, but whieh that party repels which abhor-
rence, and disgust. The-charges of proscriptionj
at'.the intention to deprive foreigners of their
civil rights, of holding doctrines contrary to thft
Constitution, and of conspiracy to do mischief«
all' proceed from the same source-r-the bitbeff
opponents of. the American party; and have
nothing to1 uphold them but bold and arrogant
assertion, ana aredispelled by the touch of reason
and truth, like morning vapors before the rising
sun. , •(.,
I will notice, for a moment, their charges as to
foreigners and Catholics. As to foreigners, the
American party,believing that the period required
before an alien shall be naturalized and- invested
with-the rights of citize«ship ought to be eXr
tended, propose to modify the naturalization
laws, a d require a longer, residence', and. also*
to provide against an evasion of the law, ao as t*
prevent the naturalization of persons coBtiwy.te
the true intent and spirit of the laws. My col-
league surely does not deny , tbe constitutional
power of Congress to modify these law#-. He ij
too good a lawver .to question this power. . It i*
expressly conferred by the Constitution, in these
words: " The Congress shall have power to
establish a uruibcm rule'of naturalisation;" and
has been exei-cised, from the organisation of tlje
Federal Government. Sometimes one period of
time has been provided by Congress before a res?-
ident foreigner could be admitted to the right# #f
citizenship, and another period has been fixed
at other times. Since 1802,1 believe it hap re-
mained at five years. But the naturalisation laws
have been changed in many other particulars;
and no man has-ever called in question the ample
power of Congress over the subject. ,
The citizens of the country forming an inde-
pendent political government, have; the absolute
right to tbe eotl, and *re free to make their Qovr
ernment conform to tlieir own notions. No other
nation or people have any political right? within
their territorial dominions. '
Ia it true that other nation* and member of
other States, as descendants from a cprpmoa pa-
rentage, have a right to receive humanity,, hosM-
tality, and kindness from all theirfellow-men. Bwit
these are -rights of imperfect obligation, juid ace
not of a political or legal nature, and cannot been-
forced by the laws of the country. But when yon
consider constitutional and legal rights—such as
those which attach to a man a  a citizen—all po-
litical writers and all Governments agree that np
foreigner possesses a claim to any of these righ&i
in any Government of the civilized world outside
of that to which he oweff allegiance. - '
The Government has the perfect right to fix the
terms on which foreigners snail be naturalized. If
I believe that the .condition should be ten years'
residence, and my colleague believes it should be
but five, the difference between us ib merely as to
the time,.and not as to the right of the alien, or the
powewftfeeGovernmeat. This difference of opin-
ion as to expediency of a particular, time of
