1138
APPEflifWX TO THE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 25,
34th Cono....1st Sess.
Defense of Americanism—Mr. Cox.
Ho. of Reps.
probation which foreigners should undergo before
becoming citizens, is a legitimate subject for dis-
cussion. But it is a question of expediency alone,
and not of power or right; and I ask my colleague
and all reasonable men, if there is anything im-
proper in my opinions—anything that can justify
the charge of conspiracy—anything calculated to
work mischief, or to retard the march of the coun- ;
try in the way to inconceivable greatness, civiliza- j
tion,and true national glory? j
But it is said that I exclude the alien-born from
office, by withholding my suffrage from him. j
This if have a right to do, even towards my native- I
born fellow-citizen, as my right of suffrage has ;
been reposed in my hands to enable me to pre- j
serve my liberties and promote the happiness of
my countrymen, and no man can claim that he is
entitled to it as a right. If I perceive two great ,
parties in theCountry so nearly divided in strength i
as to enable the foreign population to decide the j
issues of elections, and dictate to the native free-
men of the country their governors and their
laws, and should feel it my duty to endeavos to
unite my countrymen in the purpose of restoring
the control of public affairs to the native-born,
would not my object be approved by every sen-
timent of patriotism ? To accomplish this object
it becomes necessary to remove the temptations
to barter the rights of freemen for the votes of
the foreign population, and for the time being, to
confine my suffrage and political patronage to-my
native-born countrymen, until in truth and in fact,
as well as in name and appearance, America shall
be ruled by Americans. There is no injustice
done to the foreign resident citizen by this policy.
He is protected in the rights of person and prop-
erty, and his industry rewarded by competency, j
and the esteem of those who know him—can he, i
or ought he to ask more ? He is not excluded |
from office because of any personal hatred or pre-
judice; but because the number of immigrants
from the Old World, who are unacquainted with
the nature of our institutions, is so great, and the
dispositionof parties heretofore has been so prone
to obtain their suffrage by means calculated to
sap the foundation of our institutions, and instead
of public virtue for their support, substitute the
will of a multitude of strangers to our Constitu-
tion and laws, that this policy has become abso-
lutely necessary to preserve the blessings of free
Government, and transmit them as an inheritance
alike to the native-born children of the foreigner
and the American citizen. No right which natu-
ralized citizens now enjoy or possess under the
Constitution will be disturbed or impaired by the
American party.
My colleague says there is no necessity for
tftrakening this home-sentiment of protection to
American rights; that the States have the right
to establish the qualifications of voters; and that,
if the Federal Government should prolong the
term of probation for the alien before he can be
naturalized, the States might admit him to vote
*t a shorter period, and • thus defeat the whole
political policy of the naturalization laws. I do not
intend now to enter upon a constitutional argu-
ment. But I Will say, that, as I understand the
Constitution, wherever any power is exclusively
conferred on Congress, when Congress shall
choose to exercise it, that exercise of jurisdiction
.divests the States from the right to exercise the
same power in Contravention of the acts, of Con-
gress. The States have all agreed, by the Con-
stitution, that Congress shall have power to pass
Uniform laws on the subject of naturalization;
;bo that no alien can become a citizen of the United
States, except in the mode provided by Congress.
The. question then arises, whether aState can con-
fer political privileges and the right of suffrage
"upon a foreigner, not a citizen of the United States,
•and not qualified for naturalization-under the laws
'of Congress ? My opinion is, that a State has no
*ueh powers—at least so far as the right to elect
officers of the Federal Government is concerned.
/But, sir', there is no force in this position of my
colleague. The General Government is consti-
tuted by, and'operates upon, the same people
which constitute the objects of the State govern-
ments; and if the principles of the American party
pre correct and expedient, let them be applied
both by the Federal and .State Governments
within their own respective jurisdictions.
But my friend says, we do not understand the
true intent and meaning of the existing laws of
naturalization. He says that, after five years'
residence, we conclude the foreigner is entitled to
citizenship. But not so; he has merely the right
to be a candidate for citizenship; and that the
court, before whom he appears and demands to
be naturalized, must be satisfied that he is well
affected towards the institutions of the country;
and this, my colleague says, cannot be the case
until he understands the nature and principles of
our Government. There is much force in this
position; and if such interpretation of the natural
ization laws should be enforced by the tribunals
authorized to grant letters of. naturalization, it
would more effectually exclude the foreign pop-,
ulation from the ballot-box than any measure pro-
posed by the American party. By this construc-
tion 6f the law, the courts would not only have
to judge of the evidence as to time of residence,
good behavior, and submission to the laws; but
each applicant would be subjected to an examin-
ation touching his knowledge in the science of
civil government, and especially the Government
of the United .States—a science which has eluded
the investigation of the greatest and most culti-
vated intellects—and a Government whose prin-
ciples are poorly comprehended even by many in
high position.
If my colleague should press his construction
to its full meaning, it would forever exclude nine
tenths of the foreigners, who become residents
of the country, from the ballot-box. I prefer a
period of time, in justice both to my countrymen
and to the foreigners, after which his submission
to the laws and peaceful residence shall be taken
as sufficient evidence of his republican principles
and qualifications to vote. I prefer it., because of
the vagueness and impracticability of the rule laid
down by my colleague, and because of the temp-
tation to partisan judges to evade its meaning.
We know that now, in many places, the only
qualification required by the judges, as to being
well affected towards the institutions of the coun-
try, is, that the applicant will support the party
to which the judge belongs. *To the remarks of
my colleague as to paupers and criminals cast
upon our shores from the Old World—I say, we
should repel them, with all the power of the State
and Federal Governments. We need not stop to
debate the constitutional power of Congress, until
we see whether we agree as to the expediency of
preventing such immigration to our shores. I put
the question to my colleague, whether he believes
in the expediency of exercising the power to
repel from our shores paupers and criminals from
Europe, and t6 prohibit their immigration ?
Mr. JEWETT. If I had the time, I was pre-
pared to show to my colleague and this commit-
tee that nearly every State in the Union has strin-
gent and efficient laws upon the subject.
Mr. COX. That does not answer my ques<-
tion at all; nor is it important to me whether he
answers it or not. Whether my colleague agrees
with me or not, I have not a doubt of the duty of
the Federal and State Governments both to use
every constitutional power to prevent our shores
from being flooded with a population sent from
the prisons and lazar-houses of Europe—persons
who had become nuisances and pests to their na-
tive country—refugees from justice—criminals
pardoned on a condition of transportation—such
as have, by a combination of European Govern-
ments to rid themselves of such- annoyances,
been thrown upon our shores by thousands. -' •
I come now, Mt. Chairman, to the objection to
the< American party because of its exclusion of
Roman Catholics, and will inform my colleague
what are the principles of the American party on
this subject, as I understand them. The phrase
Roman Cathelic, the American party understands,
designates a person who believes in the doctrine
of the Church, and acknowledges the supremacy
of thePope of Rome. My colleague is sufficiently
conversant with the subject to acknowledge that a
portion of the members of the Catholic church,
even in Europe, deny the supremacy of the Pope,
and in that particular protest against his power.
The terms Roman Catholic Me applied to persons
who acknowledge the Pope as vicegerent of God
on earth—who has absolute power over, the con-
| Science of every child of the Church. That such
power is claimed by the Pope and Church of
Rome cannot be denied in the face of the truth. I
do not assert that the Pope claims civil jurisdic-
tion as suth outside of the Papal States. Civil
authority or jurisdiction, as such, can only arise
from the municipal government either through the
constitution or tne laws; and as there is no provis-
ion of the Constitution or of any law authorizing
such a claim, it would be monstrous as well as
foolish to assert the existence of any such power.
But the Pope claims that he possesses the right and
power to guide the conscience of every member of
the Church in.anyand all conflicts with the tem-
poral or civil authorities under which hemayiive,
and to dispense with his obligation to obey the
laws,and civil magistrates of the country when-
ever he (the Pope) shall determine that obedience
to the law and magistrate would be contrary to
the interests of Holy Church; and whenever the
Pope shall determine that any law enacted by the
legislative power of the Government is contrary
to the interest of the Church, he can command
his subjects to refuse obedience, and they must,
obey him, he being supreme director of the con-
sciences, and clothed with a higher authority than
the temporal magistrate.
Extract from Bull of Pope Pius IV.
" Whereas, therefore, according to the Council of Trent,
all who may happen henceforward to be placed over cathe-
dral and superior churches, or who may have to take care
respecting these dignities, canonries, and any other eccle-
siastical benefices soever, having the care of souls, are
bound to make a public profession of the orthodox faith,
and to promise and swear that they will continue in obedi-
ence to the Church of, Rome: We, willing that the same
thing be observed likewise by all persons soever who shall
have the charge of monasteries, convents, houses, and any
other places soever, of all regular orders soever, even of
military ones, under what name or title soever; and besides
to the end that the professy>n of one and the same faith be
uniformly exhibited by all, and that one only, and a certain
form of it, be known unto all, we, willing that a want of .
our solicitude should by no means be felt by any one in
this particular, by strictly preac ribing the tenor of these pres-
ents, we, by virtue of our apostolic authority, command that
the form itself be published, and be received and observed
everywhere by those whom it concerns, in consequence of
the decrees of the council itself, as well as the other parties
aforesaid, and that the aforesaid profession be made sol-
emnly according to tbis, and no other form, under the pen-
alties enacted by the council itself against all contravening,
under the following terms :
Profession and Oath.
" I, N., with steadfast faith, believe and profess all and
every particular contained in the symbol of faith which the
holy Roman Church use, to-wit: I believe in one God, the
Fattier Almighty, maker of heaven and earth, of all things
visible and invisible, and in one Lord Jesus Christ, the only
begotten Son of God, and bom of the Father, before all eyes.
God of God, light of light, very God of very God, begotten
not made, consubstantial with the Father, by whom all
things were made, who for us men and for our salvation
came down from heaven, and was incarnated by the Holy
Ghost from the Virgi n Mary, and was made man; was cruci-
fied also for us under Pontius Pilate, suffered and was buried,
and ro« again on the third day according to the Scriptures,
and amended into heaven, seftteth at the right hand of the
Father, and will again come with glory to judge the living and
the dead, of whose kingdom there shall not be an end ; and
in the Holy Ghost, the Lord and diver of Life, who proceeds
from the Father and tlie Son,-who together with the Father
and Son is adored and- glorified, who spoke through the
prophets ; and one Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church. i
confess one baptism for the remission of sins, and await the
resurrection of the dead and the life of the world to come—
Amen.
" The apostolical and ecclesiastical traditions and the
other observances and constitutions of the same Church, X
•most steadfastly admit and embrace. I likewise admit the
Holy Scriptures Awarding to that sense which our Holy
Mother Church BaWield and does hold, whose province it
is to judge of the true sense and interpretation of the Holy
Scriptures. Nor will I ever understand or interpret it, ex-
cept according to the unanimous consent of the holy fathers.
I also profess that there are truly and properly seven saera-
ments of the New Law instituted'by our Lord Jesus Christ ,
and necessary for the salvation of mankind, though not all
necessary to each individual,.to wit: baptism, confirma-
tion, the eucharist, penance, extreme unction, orders, and
matrimony, and that they confer grace; and that of these,
baptism, confirmation, and orders, cannot be reiterated
without sacrilege. I also receive and admit all the received
and approved .ceremonies of the Catholic Church 111 tlie
solemn administration of all the above sacraments. I em-
brace and receive all and everything which in the Holy
Synod of Trent has been defined and delivered concerning
original sin and justification. I profess, likewise, that in the
mass is offered to God a true, proper, and propitiatory sac-
rifice for the living and the dead j and that in the most holy
sacrament of the eucharist there is truly, really, and sub-
stantially the body and blood, together with the soul and
divinity of our Lord Jesus Christ, and that there takes place
a conversion of the entire substance ot the bread^into the
body, and of the entire substance of the wine into the
blood, which conversion the Catholic Church calls transub-
stantiaUon. I also confess that, under one kind alone,
Christ is taken whole and entire, and a true sacrament. J
