1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Conq....1st Sess.
. Defense of Americanism—Mr. Cox.
H.O. QF;REF^.
stead lastly hold that there exists a purgatory, and that the
souls there detained are assisted by the suffrages of the
faithful. In like manner, also, that the saints reigmm?
•long with Christ are to bo venerated and invoked, and
that they offer up prayers for us, and that their relics are
to lie venerated. I steadfastly assert that the images of
Christ, ami of the Virgin Mother of God, and, in like man-
ner, or their saints, are to be kept and retained, and that
due nouor and veneration are to he awarded to them. I also
maintain that the power of indulgences has been left by
Christ in tus church, and that the use of them is most
wholesome to the Christian people. I recognize the Holy
Catholic ami Apostolic Roman Church, as the mother and
mistress of all churches; and I promise and swear true
obedience to the Jtoman Pontiff, successor to Saint Peter,
Prince of the Apostles and Vicar of Jesus Qbrist. All other
thincs also delivered, defined, and declared bv the sacred
canons and excumenical councils, and particularly by the
Holy Synod of Trent, I undoubtedly receive and profess;
awl at the same tune all things contrary, and any heresies
soever condemned by the Church, and rejected and anathe-
matized. I, in like manner, condemn, reject, and anathema-
tize. This true Catholic faith, outshle of which no one can
be saved, which, at present, I readily profess and truly
bold, I, ST., promise, vow, and swear, that I will most
steadfastly n-tain and confess the same entire and undefiled
to the last breath of life, (with God's help,) and that I will
take care, as far as shall be in my power, that it be held,
taught, and preached by my subjects, or those whose charge
shall devolve on me in virtue of my office. So help me
God, and these holy gospels of God."
I hare inserted the entire profession and oath
of those exalted to official rule in the Church, lest
it might be said that I had marred the meaning
by extracts.^ As to the orders of bishops and
Eriests in the Church who govern the people or
iy members, I refer to & portion of a decree of
the Council of Trent, as follows:
" Sacrifice and priesthood are, by the ordinance of God,
in tacb wise enjoined as that both liave existed in every
law. Whereas, therefore, in the New Testament, the Cath-
olic Charrh has received, trout the institation of oar Lord,
the holy visible sacrifice of tlie Eucharist, it must, of neces-
sity, and also be confessed that there is, in that, (Church,) a
new, visible, and external priesthood, into which the old
has been translated; and the sacred Scriptures show, and
the tradition of the holy Catholic Church has always taught,
tint this was instituted by the same Lord, our Savior, and
that to the apostles, and to their successors in the priest-
hood, the power was delivered of consecrating, offering,
and administering His body and blood,-as also of remitting
and retaining tins."
Cbaf. 02—" The Holy Synod,being desirous that eccle-
siastical discipline may not only be restored among the
Christian people, but that it also may be preserved sound
and safe from all manner of hindrance, besides those things
which it has ordained respecting ecclesiastical persons, has
thought fit that secular princes also be admonished of their
duty—tnistin^that they, as Catholics, whom God has willed
to be the protectors of holy faith and Church, will not only
grant that to the Charch her own right be restored, but will
also recall all their own subjects to the reverence due
towards the clergy, parish priests, and superior orders; nor
permit that their officials or inferior magistrates, through
any eagerness of covetousness, or any want of consider-
ation, violate that immunity of the Church, and of ecclesi-
astical persons, which, by the ordinance of God, and by the
sanctions of the canons, has been established, but. that they '
render together, with the princes themselves, due' obseiv-
ance to the sacred constitutions of sovereign pontiffs, and
of councils," &c.
Luther taught the truth of the following among
many other propositions which were condemned
by the Pope and the Church:
PaoposmoN 25.—"The Roman pontiff, successor of
Peter, is not the vicar of Christ instituted over all churches
of the entire world by Christ hi/nseJl' in Saint Peter."
Proposition 27.—" It is certain that it is not at all in tbe
power of the Church, or of the Pope, to determine articles
of faith, nag, neither the laws of morals' ri&r of good
works."
The condemnation of these and tfther proposi-
tions by the Pope is as follows:.
" All and each of the aforesaid articles or entnfc, as being,
aa is premised, respectively heretical or scandalous, false,
or offensive to pious ears, or suited to lead astray simple
minds, or contrary to Catholic' truth, we condemn, repro-
bate, and entirely reject," &c.
The following extracts are from Rancke's His-
tory of the Popes:
. " The Spirit (says Bellarmine, a Roman Catholic jyriter,)
(aides and bridles the flesh, not vici varna. Just so the tem-
poral authority must not presume to exalt itself above the
spiritual, to guide, command, or punish it. IIms would be
rebellion—a heaiheuisii tyranny. The priesthood have their
prince who commands them, not only in spiritual, but in
temporal affairs; it isimpossible that they should acknowl-
edge a special temporal superior; no man can serve two
masters. It is for the priest to judge the emperor, not the
emperor the priest; it would be absurd were the sheep to
think of judging the shepherd." * * * "To the
clergy or the NTestament belongs exactly the same
right that was formerly eon ceded to the Levitts under tbe
old dispensation."
This was a doctrine which promised thatspirit-
Tial republic to which was to accrue so great an
influence over the State, a no less complete inde-
pendence of any reaction on the part of the latter,
on vrihieh it was sought in Rome to establish by
innumerable proofs from Scripture, from councils,
and from imperial and papal constitutions, and
which was considered, ou the whole, as irref-
utable.
I have stated that some European Catholics
protested against the power of the Church and
Pope of Rome. In confirmation I refer to
llaucke'a History of the Popes. In the disputes
between Louis XIV. of France and the Pope,
| that writer says:
" At any rate, the clergy stood by their king against the
, Pope without scruple ; year after year they put forth more
decided declarations in favor of royal authority. At last
ensued the convocation of 1682. The four articles it drew
up, have ever been regarded as the manifesto of Gallica*
liberties. The first three reiterated principles asserted be-
fore—the independence of the secular power, as regarded
the spiritual—the superiority of councils over the Pope—
and the inviolability of the Gallican usages. But the fourth
is more, remarkable, inasmuch as it limits the spiritual au-
thority of the Pope. Even in. questions of faith the Pope's
decision is not incapable of amendment, so long as it has
not received the assent of the Church."
, This opposition led to war. In the mean time
that Pope died, and " Alexander VIII. (his suc-
cessor) proclaimed anew the resolutions of 1G82
to be invalid and void—null and of no effect, not
binding, even though backed by the force of an
oath—declaring that day and night he thought
on them with -a heart full of bitterness, and lifted
up his eyes with tears and sobs. At last the
French cleifgy submitted to the Pope in these hu-
miliating words: ' Prostrate at tlie feet of your
I Holiness we profess pur unspeakable sorrow for
| tlie same.' " If the Pope could only hear my
two colleagues in their defense of him, stripping
him of the attributes of Saint Peter, how bitter
wpuld be his sorrow and how he would weep
and sob!
Rancke says of the Council of Trent, that it
was the most important of modern ages:
•" The faithful were again subjected to tlie uncompro-
mising discipline of the church, and, in urgent cases, to the
i sword of excommunication." * * * * "It was a reg-
ulation attended with weighty results that the bishops
found themselves, by a special confession of faith, signed
and sworn to by them, to observance qf the decrees of the
Council .of Trent, and to submissiveness to the Pope."
, * * * * "As the exclusive right of interpreting the de-
crees of the1 Council of Trent was reserved to the Pope, it
; was always in his powt* to prescribe rules for faith and
, conduct"
j The same author, in relating the history of the
straggles of the Protestants, and the conferences
held in order to effect a reconciliation with the
Church, says the Pope instructed his legate to
j the conference:
| " We most first tee whether the Protestants accord with
I us in the main principles; for example, the supremacy of
the .Holy See, the sacraments, and some others."
It has been asserted by my colleagues that
American Catholics do not acknowledge the doc-
trine of the supremacy of the Pope, as I have ex-
plained it,, I do not pretend to state the individual
opinions of members of the Catholic church. But
I will quote an extract from Brownson's Review
—a gqod American; Catholic-authority—and leave
the question for the- decision, of every man for
himself. Brownson says: •
- " Kings and temporal tord% as such, are confessedly nail,
and therefore unknown in tlie spiritual order, and are, in it,
only private individuals, undistinguishable as to state or
dignity from the meanest of their-servants ; with no pro-
priety, then, would our Lord have on his garment and on
bis thigh,' King of Kings and Lord of Lords,' if be had not
dominion over them in temporals, in that order in which
they are kings and lords. St. Paul declares that is the
' head of all principality and power,' and we may conclude
' with absolute certainty that lie > has, even, according to his
hiwa&n Mttw3, >iniverai*l dominion; and that only .he, as
{fee apostle says, who put-all under him, is subject to bim.
it folloiws, therefore, necessarily, if the dominion of our
Lord in the flesh, or as the Messiah', is thus universal, that
the Christian law, the law of CMist, extends not only to
spiritual?, but also to temporals, and is tbe supreme law of
both,orders* Kings^nd lords, .magistrates and rulers, sov-
ereigns AM subjects, are undtfr it in all things temporal, and
in things spiritual. Whmo denies this, denies not merely the
tot/nder opinion, but the Christian religion itself.
" This established, we demand to whom, under God, it
belongs to keep, interpret, and declare the law of Christ,
whom hath our Lord constituted the depositary, the guard-
ian and judge of his law ? Certainly the Holy Roman
Catholic and Jlpostofit Church,and the successor of Peter as
visible head, or supreme chief of that Church."
To show what authority Brownson is, I insert
an extract from a letter addressed to him by
Francis Patbick. Kenrick, Catholic Bishop of
Philadelphia* under date of May 13, 1849, as
follows:
" After th« *toew of our council, i suggested to our Ten-,
enable metropolitan the prpiiriety of encouraging you, by
"our approbation and influence, to continue your literary
labors in defense of the faith, Of Which you hnve proved an
able and intrepid advocate. He received tbe suggestion
most readily, and I take the liberty of communicating the
fact to you as a mark of my sincere esteem, and of the deep
interest I feel in your excellent Review. I shall beg of him
and of other prelates who entertain the same vie <v, to sub-
scribe their names on confirmation of my statement."—
I Quarterly Review, January, 1853.
■ This letter is signed by twenty-five Catholic
Archbishops and Bishops, the chiefs of the Ro-
man Church in the United States, among them
Archbishop Hughes. •
Mr. TALBOTT. I wrote down on a piece of
paper what I understood my colleague [Mr. Cox]
to say in complaining of my colleague, [Mr.
Jewuitt,] on my right, because he had not taken
the interpretation given by the American party
of their own principles, as the true principles of
that party. He says that every party should be
the only true interpreter of its own principles.
| Now, my colleague • [Mr. Cox] says, that the
i Catholics entertain certain principles and senti-
ments which he has named, and 1 tell him if he
will apply the same rule to the principles of. that
Church, which he has. asked to be:applied to his
party, I will take the responsibility of saving,
1 that the Catholics of this country dor-not hold to
j principles such as he has .attributed to them;
J that they do not recognize the right of the Popu
t to direct them in civil matters.
j Mr. COX. I have observed the exact rule to
which my colleague refers, and which I ara willing
shall be applied in all free discussion of political
party- principles. I do not pretend to state the
individual opinions of those who profess the Cath-
olic-religion. My opinions of the doctrines of the
Catholic Church are not founded upon transient
conversations with members of that Church; or
studied and artfully prepared defenses against the
keen criticisms of Protestant independence. My
opinions are deduced from the councils of the
Church, and from the exercise of power by the
Pope, as illustrated in the pages of history. I
have already said that the Pope claims no civil or
temporal jurisdiction, as such, outside'of the papal
States. But that his power beyond them con-
sisted in his acknowledged supremacy over the
right of private judgment and the consciences of
the members of his Church, as the vicegerent of
God on earth. Will my colleague, [Mr, Tal-
bott,] as a Representative, deny that the Pope
claims the powec to direct the conscience of every
child of the Church, even to the extent of decid-
ing whether he shall obey the mandate of the
Church, or that of the civil magistrate ?
Mr. TALBOTT. .1 say that the Catholics of
this country deny that the Pope has any control
over them in temporal matters. That is what, I
say.
■ Mr.- COX. Some persons who profess -the
Catholic religion do deny the supremacy of the
Pope. I have so stated and proved the.position
of the Gallican Church, and no doubt some Cath-
olics in this country agree with the Gallican
Church.
Mr. TALBOTT. The Catholics in this coun-
try, as a body, deny the existence of any such
power.
. Mr. COX. I cannot admit the correctness of
that assertion. I have stated that the Catholic
Church and the Pope of Rome did not claim civil
jurisdiction, as such, outside of the Papal States.
But when the power is.. conceded to the Pope to
■shut the gates of heaven, and no man can open;
toopen.and no man can shut; to bind on earth
whatsoever "he pleases, and the same.shall be
bound in heaven; that he.has jpower to fix the
destiny of the living eternal-soul, which, by his
excommunicating power,he can cast off from hope
and consign to everlasting misery, ijever to be. re-
leased;—I say, when this doctrine is established,
you fasten upon men, and especially upon the
ignorant, an influence that will control.them, and
receive as implicit an obedience as any human
agency can invent or carry into practice. If such
is not the effect of human power over poor, frail,
find blind hnman nature, then I confess my whole
philosophy on this subject is erroneous.
Mr. Chairman, Martin Luther was a Catholic.
He started out with the intention of purifying and
reforming the Church, and not of overturning it.
iut an examination h« found tha disorders toq
