1140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July-96,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
jDefense of Americanism—Mr. Cox.
Ho. of Reps.
deeply seated to admit of remedy, and he estab-
lished a new organization to which he confided
the sacerdotal duties of Christianity. His ref-
ormation was founded upon a few simple truths.
The theological doctrine of justification by faith,
and the great political doctrine of the right of
private judgment, were the corner stones of his
mighty achievement. This doctrine was denied
by the Church of Rome, and asserted by Luther,
Zwingle, Erasmus, Reuchlin, Melancthon, and
other bold spirits of the reformation. These apos-
tles of free thought protested against the tyran-
nical doctrines of the Roman Church,and opened
up to Europe an era of light and civilization, of
social and moral refinement, unknown to the dark
ages of church domination. Their mission was
to free the people from the usurpation of the
church, not only in levying pecuniary contribu-
tions to support a host of indolent, vile, and cor-
rupt priests, but also to redeem them from the
usurpations of civil power which had been estab-
lished over nearly every nation and Government
of Europe; and well did they accomplish their
task.
Mr. Chairman, this doctrine of the right of
private judgment in reference to religion embraces
the greatest idea which has been promulgated
Bince the days of the Messiah, It struck from
the minds of men all over the world the shackles
which had been imposed by a mercenary and
corrupt priesthood. We are indebted to this doc-
trine for our civilization, and splendid greatness
as a moral, social, and independent political peo-
ple; and we should guard it with unwearied vigi-
lance, as the most precious jewel in the casket
of freedom. I have explained the doctrine of
the Roman Catholic Church on the subject of the
power of the Pope as I understand it, and as it
has been understood by Protestants both in Eu-
rope and America for more than two hundred
years; and the American party declare tbey will
not support the political pretensions of men who
subscribe to this doctrine. Those who protest
against this doctrine are not embraced in the
principle of exclusion adopted by that party.
I will now ask my colleague from the Danville
district, [Mr. Talbott,] not wishing to trouble
my colleague from the Eliza be thtown district
[Mr. Jewett] any further, whether or not he
would vote for any man for official station who
acknowledged the supremacy of the Pope over
the consciences of men, and who recognized his
-right to obedience even against the laws and
temporal magistrates)
Mr. TALBOTT. I am happy that my col-
league has put the question, but 1 regret exceed-
ingly that I have not the time to answer it in the
way I would like. At the first opportunity.this i
old plank of the Know Nothing platform proscribe
ing men for their religious opinions would, dis-
play itself, would that I had time to make thfe
reply 1 would like to. I tell my colleague, never:
that I will vote for no man of any party or of any
church whose political .feelings and opinions I
believe to be inimical to the country; but I would
rather have my arm torn from iffy body, and my
tongue plucked from my mouth, than make a dis-
tinction against my fellow-citizen on account of
"his religion, or because he belonged to this, that,
•or the other church.
Mr. COX. .My colleague agrees with me in
jmy position. He says, he .will *ot voter for any
onan whose political opinions and feelings, in his
;opinion, are inimical to. the institutions of the coun-
try- .If I am.to receive! that as an.answer to nay
-question,my colleague means to say that persons
holding the doctrine of thesupremacyofithePope,
as described by me, do hold opinions inimical to
the institutions of the country, and that heiwouid
■never vote for such persons. In this he agrees
.With me; and the only question to decide is,
whether the Roman Catholic Church and the
Pope avow the doctrine, and whether,its mem-
bers admit and believe it ?
. My colleague from the Danville district {Mr
.Talbott] is affected with the same partisan feel-
ings which illustrate .the whole history of Demor
cratic opposition to the American party ,aj>d under
.th« influence of such feelings strikes desperate
iblows at the imaginary doctrines of that party.
He thought that, at the first opportunity, this
•religious plank of 'the Know Nothing-platform,
proscribing men for their rtligious opinions, would
display itself, and he would rather have his arm
torn from his body and his tongue plucked out
than make a distinction against any citizen be-
cause he belonged to this, that, or the other
church. Now this language conveys the insin-
uation that some men or party So proscribe
men for their religious opinions, and make dis-
tinctions because they belong to a particular
church. What party is it? I have nailed the
to the counter as an unfounded allegation; and
challenge any fair-minded man to show, from the
declared principles of the American party, by
any reasonable constru«tion, that there is any
justice in this loose and wholesale denunciation.
No, sir, the only difference between my colleague
and myself is, that I declare in advance, I will
not cast my vote for any person holding cer-
tain opinions. My colleague says I am wrong,
because, he says, nobody entertains the opinions
which I condemn. Very well, if that be true,
convince me by reason—by an exhibit of the
tenets and history of the pelMy supposed to hold
these opinions, that 1 am mistaken, and I will
Withdraw my resolution. ''
But suppose I am right—how then ? Why my
colleague says he would act exactly 'as I have1 de-
clared my intention to act. Away, then, with your
charge of proscription, of depriving meti of con-
stitutional rights, of conspiracy, ana'all that long
list of charges founded alone.on the impetuosity of
party malevolence, and proclaimed in the un-
guarded and inconsiderate moments of passion-
ate debate. I love my country, Mr. Chairman, as
much as my colleague or any member of his party,
and in the hour of trial would be as ready—I do
not pretend to say more so—to defend it and all its
institutions lYom invasion from without and dan-
gers within. I would rally, sir, to the standard
of my country, and stand as firmly for the con-
stitutional and legal rights of adopted' citizens and
resident Romas Catholics as 1 would for the rights
of the native-born and the Protestant. I would
not deprive them' of any right guarantied'to them
by the Constitution and laws; and he who as-
serts to the contrary misunderstands me, and in
his ignorance of my true opinions and intentions
does me great injustice.-
Mr. LETCHER. There seems to be more
Catholics in -Kentucky than in any other State.
Now I desire to ask my friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Cox] whether he ever saw suck a Catholic
as he describes; and if so, what-is his name, and
where does he live ? [Laughter.] Is there Such
a man ? I have heard talk of such a man, but I
have never seen ihy sucfi.
Mr. COX. There are but few'Catholics in the
district which I represent. I amnot acquainted
with their individual opinions. My opihions, as
1 have stated before, are not based ttptin transient
conversations with members of that Church <floT
from any want of personal r£s'p60t and' eisteem
for many persons ef my acquain tance who believe
in its doctrines, but from the history of the Church
■itself, the decrees of its councils; and the corrob-
orating testimony of all Protestant writers for
tWo hundred years. When my friend from Vir-
ginia shall have examined this subject fully, he
will admit that I have correctly stated the-doc-
trine of the Catholic Church.
Mr. JEWETT. In answer to the question of
my colleague, whether I would vote for a man for
any office who believes in the temporal power-of
the Pope, I wish to state, first, that Iknowof no
such man in my State or district. I will, tow-
ever, answer the. question in the language of an-
other. ■ In .the reign of James the First, the tswelve
judges of England were su pinioned bejJJW thje
king in council, and inquired of by t,ho king's at-
torney general touching the jurisdiction of the
court. The judges were questioned thus:
" In a case where the king believed bis prerogative or
i Merest concerned, and required the judges to attend him
for their advice, ought they not to suy proceedings till bis
majesty has consulted them i"
, All the judges except Coke.answered, " Yes!
yes ! yes I"
When the case happens, I.shall do that which
is Refitting a judge to do. Thiaiis my answer to
your question.
Mr. COX. I presume my colleague would de-
cide as Lord Coke did. I know he is very capable
of doing it, and his decision I hope would be
against the Pope. So, no doubt, my Lord Coke
would have decided, for he was a most excellent
Protestant.
Mr. Chairman, I came here to-night to pay my
personal respects to my colleague in a very differ-
ent way. I intended to give my attention to him,
and listen to what I knew would be a sensible
and respectful speech. I have been led from my
purpose, and without a note of preparation have
responded to the principal allegations against the
party with ^hich I cooperate, and I now leave
that subject for tjie decision of our fellow-citizens.
There is one other subject to which my colleague
called the attention of the committee, upon which
I will avail myself of this occasion to make some
observations. That is the approaching presi-
dential election. I agree with.my colleague in at-
taching to the result,of this election the most mo-
mentous consequen-ces, and feel that it is the duty
of every citizen to awaken every sentiment of
patriotism in discharging the responsibility of
choosing men to fill the highest offices under the
Constitution. The inflamed condition of sectional
animosity, the universal agitation of exciting
political questions, and the bloody strife in one of
the national Territories, all conspire to threaten
the perpetuity of this glorious Utiiipn of States,
and to extinguish forever the hopes of freedom.
My colleague says the great question which
presents itself to the people of the South in this
crisis is, whether they shall be united or divided
in their choice? The union of the South he thinks
indispensable to the protection and preservation
of southern rights. I would agree with my cot-
league in the propriety of southern concert, pro-
vided we could agree upon the man and the prin-
ciples upon which the South should unite. I
desire a union upon a man of national, not sec-
tional, views and sentiments; a man whose
nationality is as broad as the national domain,
and whose patriotism embraces every cottage and
hamlet, as well as city, in the Republic. Such
a man, sir, is Millard Fillmore, whose name and
patriotism are known to all the people. My col-
league thinks the South should support Mr.
Buchanan, the Democratic candidate; whilst a
powerful party in the northern States has nomin-
ated Colonel Fremont, and urge his election
because of his agreement with their peculiar sec-
tional views. Let us examine for a short time
the claims j of these respective candidates to the
public and national confidence.
And, first, as to Mr. Buchanan. Southern
gentleman say he is sound on the all important
question of slavery—that he stands upon the
Cincinnati platform, and the principles of the
Kansas-Nebi*Wka bill. They-say that no man
or platform is sound On the slavery question that
does not deny that ;Congress possesses'the <coa-
stitutional power to restrict slavery in the Terri-
tories. They are not satisfied with a disclaimer
of any intention to exercise such power, but
require an absolute denial of the existence of
such power under the Cons^itiitiop, This is the
construction I have heard put upon the Cincin-
nati pJaMonjfc fcy g<H*tlei)WB Bp«#;this floor, in
speeches which are ,qent forth to the southern
people as the Democratic creed. If this .-is the
southern construction of the Cincinnati platform,
let the Ntorth know it. Say to the North, that
you hold no communion with any Democrat
who believes that Congress has power under the
"Constitution t6 prohibit slave'ry ia the Terri-
tories. I .do not believe that Congress possesses
this ppwer j,.but I do not make "a man p opinion
on this subject the touchstone of political ortho-
doxy; and:all that I think should be required pa
a question about which such a difference of
opinion has always existed among the brightest
.intellects of the country, is, ttat no constitutional
power should be exercised to the prejudice of
the rights of the States or of persons in their
persons or property} that whenever the effect of
the exertion .of constitutional power on a par-
ticular subject would be to produce agitation and
discontent, and no practical good, the power
should not be exercised even if expressly granted,
•but the peace and tranquillity of the country
.should be preserved. Sir, if you apply the pria-
eipla laid ovwn by southern gentlemej eft the
