1856.3.,
APPENDIX TO THE GpNGRESSIONA^, GLOBE,
1141
34 th Cow,.. 1st Sess.
Defense of Americanism—Mr. Cox.
Ho. of Reps,
subject of slavery, you exclude from your coop-
eration every man who admits the power, how-
ever much he may oppose its exercise.
It is well known that Mr. Buchanan himself,
in the whole course of his long public life, has
never asserted that Congress has not power to
prohibit slavery in the Territories. On the con-
trary, he lias" frequently admitted that power in
Congress. He was in favor of the Missouri
compromise, of 1820, and I have not a doubt was
opposed.to its. repeal. When a member of the
Senate, he .repeatedly presented petitions for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia. !
On this subject he said, on one occasion, on pre-
senting such a petition, t,hat Congress ought not,
in justice to Maryland and Virginia, to abolish
slavery in this District as long as it existed in
those States, but when it ceased to exist in those
States Congress should, abolish ititi this District.
He admitted the power, but thought it inexpe-
dient to exercise it then. He said, in the debate
on the proposition to annex Texas, that he was
in favor of the annexation because it would cause
the States of Maryland and Kentucky to abolish
slavery. He declared, on the subject of slavery
generally, that his Opinions were the same as
those held by the State Of Pennsylvania—that he
had always been with her on that subject. Now
the history of that State presents an unbroken
opposition to this institution for more than fifty
years. But lest I should mistake his opinions,.I.
here insert them as expressed and published by
himself, and recorded in the annals of our con-
gressional history. Mi-. Buchanan said:
" In presenting this memorial, and in exerting himself,
so far as in him lay, to secure for it tliat respectful tecep-
tion by the Senate, which it deserved, he,should do bis duty
to the memorialists; but lie owed a daty t6 himself and to
his country which he would perform. He was clearly of
opinion, for the reasons be hid stated on Thursday last,
that Congress ought nott at this time, to abolish slavery in
the District of Colombia, and that it was out duty prompt-
ly to place this exeiungquestiofl at rest. He sliould*tltere-
fore, move that the memorial be read, andtkat (Jae prayer
of the memorialists be rejected."— Congressional Globe,
volume 3, page 85.
On the Thursday before, he said on the subject
Of slavery: r
« He thought Congress ought not to abolish slavery in the
District of" Columbia, in justice to Maryland and Virginia,
But (said be) when slavery ceases to exist under the laws
of Maryland and Virginia—then, and not till then, ought it
to be abolished In the District of Columbia. Notwithstand-
ing these were his opinions, he could not vote ft>r the mo-
tion of the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun]
not to receive this memorial." •
"Mr. Buchanan presented the petition of Jacob M. El-
lis, and twenty-one other citizens of Philadelphia county,
praying for an alteration of the Constittttton, so as to abol-
ish slavery is the United States; and four other petitions
for the abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the Dis-
trict of Columbia."—Congressional Globe, volume 8, page
158, February 3,1840.
" Mr. Buchanan said he rose to presen t the memorial of
the yearly meeting of the religious Society of Friends, which
had been recently held in the city of Philadelphia, remon-
strating against the admission of Arkansas into the Union,
whilst a provision remained in her constitution which
admits of and may perpetuate slavery." * * *
" The language of Uiis memorial was perfectly respectful.
Indeed, it could not be otherwise, considering the. source
from which it emanated. It breathes throughout the pure
and Christian spirit which had always animated the- Soci-
ety of Friends : arid although he did not concur with them
in opinion, their memorial was entitled to be received with
great respect. When the highly respectable committee
which had charge of this memorial called upon him this
morning, and desired him to present it to the Senate, he had
felt it to be his diity to inform them in what relation he
(load to the question. He stated to them that he had been
requested by the Delegate from Arkansas to take charge
of the application of that Territory to be admitted into the
Union, and that he had cheerftilly taken upon himself the
performance of this duty. He also read, to them the eighth
section of the act of Congress of 6th March, 1820, contain-
ing the famous Missouri compromise ; and informed them
that the whole Territory of Arkansas was south of the par-
allel of thirty-six degrees and a half of north latitude; and
that be regarded this compromise, considering the exciting
aqd alarming circumstances under which it was made, and
the dangers to the existence of the Union which it had
removed, to be almost as sacred as a constitutional provis-
ion. That there might be no mistake on the subject, he
had alto informed them that, in presenting their memorial,
he should feel it to be -his duty to state these facts to the
Senate. With this course, on his part, they were satisfied,
and still continued their request that he might present
the memorial. He now did so with great pleasure. He
hoped it might be received by the Senate with all the re-
spect it so highly deserved. He asked that it might be read;
and as the question of the admission of Arkansas was no
longer before us, he moved that it might be laid upon the
table. The memorial was accordingly read, and ordered
to be laid upon the table."—Ceng. Globe, vol. 3, page 338,
April 25, 1696.
Speaking of slavery, Mr. Buchanan said, after
stating he would leave slavery where the Con-
stitution left it, with the States :
"For one, whatever may be my opinions upon tlie ab-
stract question of slavery, and I am free to confess they
are those of the people of Pennsylvania, I shall never at-
tempt to violate this fundamental compact."—Congres-
sional Globe, vol. 3, page 79.
In answer to these opinions, Mr. Buchanan's
friends say he indorses the Cincinnati platform,
and that cures all his former errors. It is right
at)d proper for them to speak for him, because
Mr. Buchanan cannot speak for himself now.
[Laughter.] He dare not any longer open his
mouth to speak the genuine sentiments of his
heart, and the conclusions of his own judgment.
In response to a complimentary visit to a Demo-
cratic club, soon after his nomination, he said he
j was no longer James Buchanan, but the nominee
; of the Cincinnati Convention. He is no longer
James Buchanan—free to express his own opin-
ions,* but compelled to square his words and ac-
tions with the Cincinnati platform. Oh, what a
fall from Bis high position! The ex-Minister to
: England; the once distinguished Senator from
Pennsylvania; the sage of Wheatland—more
than all, the free American citizen,—descends
from the lofty position he.had attained, and be-
comes the ministerial agent of a conclave of po-
liticians recently assembled at Cincinnati—the
executive head of a party convention, to register
; and carry its decrees into operation! And now
his friends in the South say he is bound by the
! platform* and we are no longer to look to his in- j
| dividual opinions, but to the resolutions of his
! party. His friends must know that there are
many Democrats in the free States who support
Mr. Buchanan, and who are as much opposed to
slavery and its extension as the Republican party
itself; and they dare not allow that Mr. Buch-
anan shall be held responsible for the opinions and
votes of his Free-Soil friends. Need I name the
Van Burens, the Dixes, the Cochrpines, the Hal-
lets, the Butlers, the Cushings, and the long list
of Free-Soilers who now support Mr. Buchanan
for the Presidency ?
All these things, and njany more, are true of
the Democratic Buchanaji'party; and yet that
party, in the face of these facts, go far behind the
i administration of Mr. Fillmore, when his con- :
| servative nationality was put to a practical test,
j and exhibit to the country a letter written in 1838  [
i and some votes on the simple right of petition, to ;
! prove that he is not a national man; and their j
E! ress in the South, and some of their orators,
oldly charge that he is an Abolitionist, with a :
worse record than Fremont. If Mr. Buchanan's
acceptance of the Democratic nomination and
indorsement of the Cincinnati platform have \
purged away all his anti-slavery sentiments, and
transformed him from a Free-Soiler into the rep- t
resentative of southern sectional rights and opin-
ions, ought not three years'administration of the
executive power of the Government, with exact
i justice to every section and every constitutional
right, under the greatest crisis in the history of
the Republic, to give a sufficient guarantee of
Mis Fillmore's nati6naKty, conservatism, and
patriotism ? Sir, I have not called up the history
of Mr. Buchanan for the purpose of imputing
. to that gentleman any lack of patriotism; nor dis-
i parage Ris personal or political character, but to
! show the true character of the partisan warfare,
I waged by the Democratic party, with a view to
[ promote the accomplishment of its ambition. I
One of two conclusions must be deduced from
; the facts and circumstances attending the present
| contest for the Presidency—either that the polit-
i I ical opinions of the Candidate on the subject of
\ slavery are wholly disregarded by the Democratic
i i party, and all the clamor upon that subject is only
! j a part of thei means to accomplish the ends of its
i! ambition, or the party has determined to make a
! gectional'contest, in which they invite the South
to unite upon Mr. Buchanan, because he has sur-
rendered his private opinions and personal inde-
pendence, and become the representative of sec-
tional views and opinions. Upon what principle
the North can be urged to support Mr. Buchanan
I am at a loss to determine. They may allow
his spokesmen to fall back upon his own record,
in which he places himself in harmony with the
State of Pennsylvania in uncompromising hos-
tility to slavery, or they may rely upon the magic
power ofthe word " Democrat,"which forms the
mystic and imperceptible tie which has hitherto
united the most heterogeneous elements into a
common mass. If the principle of sectional
opinions upon the abstract question of African
slavery is to be adopted' as the rallying element
in the South, then 1 am prepared to pronounce
that party as perfectly sectional as any other in
the Union. And if the mere term " Democracy"
is to be iemployed as a rallying word to all who
wish to participate in the Spoils of victory, without
regard to their political opinions, then I protest
against the deception, and expose the strata-
gem as the artftil invention of inordinate lust for
power.
A single word as to the Republican nomination
and the principles of that party. That party is
the representative of the northern sectional sen-
timent on the subject of slavery, and, like other
extremists, make their opinions the touchstone
of-political orthodoxy; and, like the Democratic
party South, the Republicans have nominated a
man whose little record exhibits him in direct
opposition to their anti-slavery sentiments. But
they, too, have a platform, the indorsement of
which cures all unsoundness, and transforms a
southern man—educated among a slaveholding
people—into the representative of extreme anti-
slavery sentiments. Look at the similarity in the
action of these two parties. The Democratic
party claiming to be the peculiar defenders of the
constitutional rights of 'the South—among which
is slavery—with James Buchanan as-their candi-
date, who declares he is and always had been op-
posed to the institution of slavery. The Repub-
lican party, which claims to be the peculiar
fuardian of the constitutional lights of the free
tates and free people of all colors, with John
Charles FrSmont, a southerner, and heretofore
supposed supporter of African slavery, as its can-
< dictate. I will not support the pretensions of ex-
j tremists on either side ofi the slave line, normake
I abstract opinions of constitutional power upon
! questions of difficulty and 3oabt the test ofpolit-
' ical affiliation. I think it is right to concede come-
i thing, in the spirit of national paternity, to our
! northern brethren. I would hot yield any im-
portant interest to gratify sectional fanaticism;
but I would tolerate differences of opinion among
national and conservative men, and unite upon
one g*«a't principle of devotion of the Union, and
the extinguishment of sectional agitation.
But my colleague says that, in the twelfth sec-
tion ofthe Philadelphia platform, adopted in June,
1855, the American party gained every election
in which it succeeded in the southern States; and
I understand him to admit now, that that section
presented a, view of tlje slavery question which
was satisfactory to a majority of the people in
the South in which the American party succeeded;
nor does he allege that it was not sound and or-
thodox on that subject. He now deplores the
j rejection of that section by the American Coun-
' cil in February, 1856, and the substitution in its
: place of the eighth section of the present platform.
I have heard much wailing on the partof the Dem-
ocratic party South for the loss of this twelfth sec-
tion. The American party are satisfied with the
i substitute, which, though notidentical in terms, is
; equivalent in principle in reference to the subject
of slavery in the Territories. The complaint
; comes altogether from the Democratic party and
I those who now cooperate with it.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Was the American party
at the South in favor of striking out the twelfth
section of the platform.'
Mr. COX. I think it was not.
. Mr. BARKSDALE. Then the American party
was satified with the twelfth section ?
■ Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then why was it stricken
out?
Mr. COX. I do not suppose that when a prop-
osition is made it must necessarily stand in the
same words forever. Though we yielded some-
thing in phraseology, we have precisely the same
thing in substance. ,, , ,
Mr. BARKSDALE. I should like to ask the
gentleman what occasion there was for changing
the platform ?
