1143
TO THK CONGRESSIONAL
[July 25,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of Americanism—-Mr. Cox.
Mr. COX. I do not think there was any.
Mr. BAltKSDALE. Why was it done then ?
Mr. COX. I suppose others thought it was
necessary.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Were those others north-
ern or southern men ? ,
Mr. COX. I have not the proceedings of the
Philadelphia Council before roe, and cannot state
the position taken by the members from the two
sections of the Union on that subject, though I
believe the southern members generally opposed
the modification of the platform.
Mr. READE. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Mississippi a question.
Mr. COX. If it does not come out of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair can make no
arrangement upon the subject.
. Mr. COX. Well, I will allow the gentleman a
moment.
. Mr. READE. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Mississippi, in the same, spirit that he ques-
tioned the gentleman from Kentucky, whether or
not the South were satisfied * ith Mr. Pierce as
President of the United States?
Mr. BARKSDALE. Certainly they were sat-
isfied, and. more than satisfied, with him. But
while they were satisfied with him, they were
satisfied also to take Buchanan, who occupied hia
position, and who is standing precisely on the
same broad national platform.
Mr. READE. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
another question. It is this., What was the
necessity, the South being perfectly satisfied with
Mr. Pierce, of dropping him, and taking up
another man who is no better?
Mr. BARKSDALE. Why, sir, it was a mere
choice of names. There was no difference as to
principle—none whatever.
Mr. READE. I desire to ask the gentleman
another question—just the same question that he
hasasked the gentleman from Kentucky; Whether
it was the northern men or the southern men who
desired Mr. Buchanan in preference to Mr.
Pierce ?
Mr. BARKSDALE. Mr. Buchanan was pre-
ferred by some northern men and by some
southern men. Three southern States voted for
him from first to' last in the Cincinnati conven-
tion—the Virginia delegation leading the way for
him. Now 1 would like to ask the gentleman
from North .Carolina a question.
Mr. COX. Does this come out of my time?
The CHAIRMAN. It does.
- Mr. COX. Then the gentleman must excuse
me. I have but little time left, otherwise I would
yield him the floor most cheerfully.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman yielded
the floor to the gentleman from North Carolina
to question me, and it seegns to me that, in com-
mon justice, he ought now to yield it to me to
question him.
Mr. COX. My friend from Mississippi knows
Very well that it is not from any unkindness, or
to place him at a disadvantage, that I decline, but
I have only a few minutes left, which I wish to
occupy.
- I have said, Mr. Chairman, that all the com-
plaint about the modification' in terms of the
twelfth section of the American platform of 1855
'came from the Democratic party South. Now,
sir, the fact isi well known to my colleague, [Mr.
Jewett,] that in- Kentucky, during the political
canvass oflagt summer, and the history of the poli-
tical contests elsewhere proves the same fact, that
the Democratic orators and newspaper press as-
«ailed that twelfth section in the most violent
manner, and denounced it as compromising the
true principles of southern constitutional rights,
for the sake of Free-Soil affiliation. Now, sir,
these same southern gentlemen and the same
southern press weep over the rejection of that
•ection 'which was proclaimed by them to be so
elastic as to embrace the anti-slavery sentiments
of Pr6e-Soilers and Abolitionists. The changes
of tactics in a single year would almost justify
the application of Dryden's couplet, describing a
politician,
" Who, in the space of one revolving moon,
\Yas statesman, politician, and buffoon."
But, sir, in order to let the people examine
for themselves and contrast the twelfth section
with its
tion:
substitute, I will set them in juxtaposi-
Twtlfth Section. Substitute—Seventh Section,
XII.—The American party 1858.
having arisen upon the ruins, VIT The recognition of
and in spite of the opposition the right of the native-born
of the Whig and Democratic and naturalized citizens of
parties, cannot be in any the United States, perma-
manner responsible for the nently residing in any Terri-
obnoxious acts of violated tory therebf, to frame their
pledges of either. And; the constitution and Inwsj and
systematic agitation of the to regulate their domestic
slavery question by (hose and social affairs in their
parties having elevated sec- own mode, subject only to
tional hostility into a positive ' the provisions of the Federal
element of political power, Constitution, with the privi-
and brought our institutions lege of admission into the
into peril, it has therefore Union, whenever they.have
become the imperative duty the requisite population for
of the American party to in- one Representative in Oon-
terpose for the purpose of gress: Provided altoags,Hiat
giving peace to the country, none but those who are citi-
and perpetuity to the Union, zens of the United StfUee,
And as experience has under the Constitution and
shown it impossible to rec- laws thereof, and who have-
oncile opinions so extreme a fixed residence in. any
as those which separate the such Territory, ought to par-
disputants, and as there can ticipate in the formation of
be no dishonor in submitting the constitution, or in the
to the laws, the National enactment of laWa for said
Council has deemed it the Territory or State.
best guarantee of common
justice and of future peace,
to abide by and maintain the
existing laws upon the sub-
ject of slavery, as a fihal
and conclusive settlement of
that subject, in spirit and in
substance. And regarding it
the highest duty to avow
their opinions upon a sub-
ject so important, in distinct . *
and unequivocal terms, it is
hereby declared as the sense "
of this National Council, that 1 1 - •
Congress possesses no pow- • '
er, under the Constitution, to
legislate upon the subject of
slavery in the States where
it does or may exist, or to ex-
clude any State from admis-
sion into the Union, because
its constitution does or does
not recognize the institution
of slavery as a part of its
social system; and expressly
pretermitting any expression
of opinion upon the poiver
of Congress to establish or
prohibit slavery in. any Ter •
ritory, it is the sense of the
National Council that tion-
gress ought not tt> legislate
upon the subject of sftivery '
within the Territories of the
United States, and that any
interference by Congress
with slavery as it exists in
the District of Columbia,
would be a violation of the < >
spirit and intention of the
compact by which the State
of Maryland ceded the Dis-
trict to the United States,
and a bieach of the National
faith.
It will be seen by examining these two propo-
sitions, that, as to the policy of the Government
on the subject of slavery in the Territories, they
are substantially the same; that the resident cit-
izens of the Territory shall form and establish
its domestic institutions under the Federal Con-
stitution; and as they form them, so will Con-
gress receive and recognize them, and at a proper
time admit them into the Confederacy as in-
dependent, sovereign States. This puts down
the charge that the American party want the Ter-
ritories governed by an abolition Congress—a
mere partisan declaration, thrown out to alarm
the South, and unite them on extreme sectional
grounds, for the accomplishment of .party ambi-
tion; for, if the people of the Territory are, as
we declare, to settle their own domestic institu-
tions, then Congress is not to do it for them. On
the contrary, the American party .wishes to ban-
ish this question from the national councils, and
repress forever the gpirit of sectional agitation.
Democratic orators and editors, driven to the wall
.on this subject, in the blindness of their party
zeal, cry out that the word slavery is not found
in the American platform, and consequently no
pledges for the protection of.the rights of that
institution can be deduced therefrom. What
fatuity! Neither the word slave nor slavery is to
be found in the Federal Constitution, and, accord-
ing to such argument, no protection to the rights
of the South could be derived from that instru-
Ho. of Reps.
ment. But they declare the Constitution refers
to slavery in terms always acknowledged to have
such application. We say the history of the
times and of the American platform, and the
terms employed in it, refers as unmistakably to
slavery as does the Constitution of the United
States; but, like the Constitution, it embraces
other political rights, and does not confine ita
solicitude to a single principle to please personal
ambition or sectional fanaticism What is the
Democratic platform on this subject ? It asserts
that the people of the Territory have the right to
frame their own' domestic institutions under the
Constitution of,the United States. This, with-
out construction, if tantamount to the position
of the American party. But Mr. Buchanan ex-
plains his understanding of this portion of the
platform to be, that the people of the Territory,
while they are under a territorial government,
have the power, to establish or abolish slavery,
and,may and ought to exercise that power with-
out the intervention of the Federal Government.
In his letter accepting the nomination, he uses
the following language:
" This legislation (the Kansas-Nebraska act), is founded
upon principles at ancient at free government itself; and in
accordance with them, has simply declared, that the people of
a Territory, like those of a State, shall decide for thencseltet
whether slavery shallot shall not exist within their Umits."
From whence do the people derive this power?
They either have it, independent of the Federal
Constitution, or derive it from an act of Congress
conferring it upon them; and if Congress confers
the power, it must possess the power itself under
the Constitution. Does any southern man con-
cede that the squatters in a Territory, the common
property of all the people of all the States,whether
many or few, as soon as they receive a territorial
government, have the sovereign right to declare
that slavery shall never exist in the Territory,
and to deprive the slaveholder of the right of
going into the Territory with his property? A
more objectionable doctrine to southern opinions,
and a'more dangerous one to southern rights, can-
not be proposed short of the impossibility of the
legal extension of slavery in any made beyortd
its ancient limits. But, if Mr. Buchanan does not
assert this individual principle of squatter sov-
ereignty, he must derive the power in the people
of the Territory from the act of Congress organ-
izing the Territory; and, if so, he asserts and
maintains that Congress has power itself to
abolish slavery in the Territories. Take either
view of the question and Mr. Buchanan stands in
direct antagonism to southern opinions and south-
ern interests, as expounded by the leaders of the
Democratic party.
Thus we see every variety of contradiction in
the platform of these two parties—the Democratic
and Republican—and the recorded history and
antecedents of their respective candidates have no
regard for the platform of principles established
and proclaimed to the country, but use them only
as a rtieans of party success, which, once attained,
they will be free to execute their designs of per-
sonal aggrandizement by the aid of governmental
support and pecuniary rewards from official sal-
aries; for, if these parties take their nominee^
on their antecedents, they (the parties) surrender
their avowed principles; and if these candidates
serve their parties on the terms of accepting the
platforms, they abandon their long-cherished
.opinions, surrender their individuality, and be-
come the automata of party ambition.
The question which every citizen must decide
for himself is, will he confide the affairs of the
Government to either of these extreme and con-
tradictory political party leaders? The respons-
ibility will rest upon the people, and I have all
confidence in their intelligence and patriotism.
What I have said in the short space of time
allowed me is nothing but an index to some por-
tions of the political history of parties, and can
only profit .those who mdy feel anxious to pur-
sue the investigation, and learn the true condition
of affairs, and the purposes of political parties.
Such investigation is necessary to the proper dis-
charge of the important duty of American elect-
ors. And I urge every man, who may hear these
observations, to look to the manner in which he
discharges the sacred trust of sovereignty.
Sir, 1 have already indicated my intention to
