1956. J
AFp£ftDi*To *im cmmmmmQ amm.
<1**8
34th Cono....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. ' Wakenutn.
Ho. op Reps.
rire my support to Millard Fillmore, not only
because his opinions harmonize with my own on
the jrfttt questions involved in the propositions
maintainea by the American party—questions
■which I regard of immense magnitude, and which
wonhl be a sufficient inducement to elicit my sup-
port; but also for the reason, that I believe, in the
moderate counsels of such a man, there is con-
fidence and security; and that his election would
be the best guarantee of the perpetuity of our
glorious Union, the preservation of which is par-
amount to the temporary success of any abstract
political opinions; and to accomplish this end,
we should sacrifice upon the altar of our common
country aU personal ambition, pride of opinion,
and the delights and emolumentaof party triumph.
Mr. Fillmore has been tried in the severest crisis
of domestic disorder; and whatever may have
been his private notions as to the abstract pro-
priety of particular institutions, or the constitu-
tional powers of Congress, he acknowledged the
binding obligations of the written constitution—
the great charter of political freedom; and di-
rected every effort of a strong mind and patriotic
heart to the restoration of the peace and tran-
quillity of the public mind, and the preservation
of the Union of the States as the palladium of
liberty.
All just-minded men acknowledge the merits of
his public services, and commend, in the highest
terms, his national patriotism. How impotent is
party rage directed against such a man—deeply
seated in the grateful affections of a confiding peo-
ple. The javelins of party malevolence can neither
disturb his repose nor obliterate the livuly recol-
lections of his eminent political virtues. On all
•ides we have already witnessed the spontaneous
manifestations of public esteem, but which will
increase in magnitude and power in geometrical
proportion as the public mind becomes awakened
to a sense of the Impending crisis and the weight
of popular responsibility.
i da not like to admit that this glorious Union
of States is in danger, nor to appeal to the people
to save their country from the inconceivable
miseries of disunion and civil strife. I will not
allow myself to contemplate any favor to such a
revoking proposition as long as the Constitution
remains. It has been asked by gentlemen from
the North, on this floor, if the South intend to
dissolve the Union, if that section should be de-
feated in the presidential contest? I can answer
for one loyal southern man—and I believe for the
always faithful and Union-loving State of Ken-
tucky—that the mere success of a party in the
election would be no cause even for the contem-
plation of such a calamity. No, sir, the people
have a right to choose whom they desire, for
President, under the Constitution; and the exer-
cise of constitutional rights shall never be re-
garded by me as cause for disunion. You ask
me, how much the South will bear ?
I will tell you that all true patriots, North and
8outh, will submit to the will of the majority on
all subjects which, by the Constitution, have been
confided to the Federal Government, whilst the
Constitution remains. Reason alone should be
employed to resist legislative and party injustice;
but if the designs of parties, purely sectional,
should be carried out, the Constitution trodden
under foot, and, instead of the action of a major-
ity, in accordance with its grants and limitations
you inaugurate the unbridled will of a majority ,—
then, sir, the fate of the Republic will be forever
sealed, and the historic chapter of American inde-
pendence closed in the tragic scences of civil war.
The curtain falls, and i have no desire to imagine
the horrors behind the scenes; and but few would
have the heart to look upon them, if they could
be opened to their gaze.
The fragmentary sections of a once brilliant
political star in the western hemisphere, might
shed for a time their feeble rays over the dark
gloom of eastern tyranny and despotism, but their
irregular and eccentric motions would soon pro-
duce a mighty conflict, in which their luster
would be forever extinguished. The opulent and
favored classes might enjoy seasons of tranquillity
and periods of apparent prosperity, but the hope
of the toiling millions, for themselves and their
posterity, would be buried forever beneath the
ruins of a once free and glorious Union.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. A. WAKEMAN,
of new york,
Iv the House of Representatives,
Jtogiut 15,1856, !
Upon the aalmisnon of Kanns aa (State under the Topeka
Constitution.
Mr. WAKEMAN said:
Mr. Speaker: Scarcely two years ago all that
vast region of territory lying between the thirty-
seventh and fortieth parallels of north latitude, and
extending west from Missouri to New Mexico
and the Rocky Mountains, was wild and unin-
habited, except by tribes of red men and herds of
buffalo. But, sir,
" Westward the course of empire takes its way."
To-day, not only settlements, but towns, vil-
lages, and even cities, are to be found within those
wide extended boundaries, and a population sur-
passing in numbers that of the capital of the na-
tion. Congress has scarcely given this wide
domain a territorial g«vernment, and christened
it with the name of Kansas, than—Y oung America-
like—she doffs the garments of territorial child-
hood, and to-day, sir, scarcely out of the gristle
of her youth, she is at your doors, ready to be
clothed with all the habiliments of an independ-
ent State, with a constitution emblazoned all over
with the true spirit of liberty and republicanism,
respectfully requesting to be recognized as one of
your equals, and to be received into the great po-
litical family of the nation. And, sir, in all this
who can but admire her noble conduct—her in-
dependent bearing? It is true, our acquaintance
with her is short, but not so short as with another
whom the Administration has just cordially wel-
comed into the family of nations. But she has
youth, beauty, and a glorious destiny before her;
and, above all, a heart—an American heart, that
beats in unison with the best interests of our
whole country; and with a firm confidence in her
course, and relying upon the rectitude of her in-
tentions, she aspires to the high and lofty position
of the younger sister of our Republic. Sir, her
cause is an " undertaking that would ennoble the
flights of the highest genius, and obtain pardon
for the efforts of the meanest understanding."
With a thorough knowledge of my utter inability
to do justice to her petition, yet after the most
mature deliberation—plan ting my feet in the tracks
of our forefathers, wnere I can neither wander
nor stumble—I am resolved to stand forth as an
j advocate of her cause.
| Then, sir, to-day I speak for the immediate
, admission of Kgpsas as a free State—a theme of
I vast magnitude, and pregnant with the most im-
] portant consequences, And one that should receive
mature deliberation at the hands of the American
Congress. And, sir, why will you not receive
1 her? Your constitution authorizes the admission
| of new States into the Union with governments
I republican in form—and that her government is
| eminently so is conceded by all. Your political
I history shows that, with a few exceptions, the
j admission of new States has been heretofore
almost a matter of course.
1. Why, then, should Kansas be rejected ?
You answer, first, because, in the pertness of her
youth, she comes unceremoniously, without the
preliminary cousent of Congress. Sir, this is
untrue in point of fact. Kansas is a part of the
Louisiana purchase, acquired by the treaty with
France in 1803, and she is entitled to all the rights
and advantages secured to her inhabitants under
that treaty. The third article of that instrument
provides that
" The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be incor-
porated into the Onion of the United States, and admitted as
i-oon as possible, according to the principle of the Federal
Constitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights, advantages,
and immunities of citizens of the United States."
This stipulation being made by and under the
authority of the United States is, by the terms of
the Constitution, the supreme law of the land;
and by it the people of Kansas are now vested
with all the rights secured by this clause of the
treaty—rights, not ambiguous, but most clearly
and distinctly set forth. Mark the phraseology !
It declares that " the inhabitants shall be incor-
I porated into the Union of the United States, and
: admitted as soon as possible." We have, then,
I not only the express consent, but an absolute
I guarantee, that the people of Kansas shall be ad-
mitted into the Union. Now, sir, consent that
the people of a Territory may, or shall be ad-
mitted into the Union, necessarily implies alright
to do all acts necessary preparatory to tljeir ad-
mission. The formation of a republican consti-
tution is an indispensable prerequisite to admis-
sion. It follows, therefore, that the people of
Kansas under this stipulation had full authority
from Congress to frame her constitution, and to
apply for admission. She has done so; and by
her representatives is now demanding a specific
performance of your solemn agreement. Bat in-
stead of finding you ready to fulfill your promises
heretofore made, she finds you debating the
making of new ones. Sir, she does not ask new
promises, she demands the fulfillment of old ones;
and before you refuse her request you will do
well to remember that " the violation of the na-
tional faith is a public calamity."
The binding force of this and similar stipula-
tions has been frequently recognized and fulfilled
in your previous legislation. The Territory of
Arkansas was a portion of the Louisiana pur-
chase, and, as such, became intitl^d to all the
stipulations contained in the treaty of cession.
In 1835, the people of that .Territory, without
any prior consent of Congress other than tlidt
contained in the treaty, formed a constitution'ind
State government, and applied for admission into
the Union. In the preamble to her constitution
it is expressly declared that her people " had the
right or admission into the Union as one of the
:! United States of America by virtue of the treaty
of cession by France to the United States of the
; , province of Louisiana." Her application was
strongly opposed on the ground that she came
without the previous consent pf Congress; and
it was insisted that her proceedings were revolu-
tionary, and ought not to receive the sanction of
Congress. But Colonel Benton declared that the
people of that Territory had rights founded on
the treaty with France of 1803 — that they had
acted upon those rights, and that it Was unjusti-
fiable either to stigmatize them as disorderly, or
to turn them back and require them to commence
anew. This view of the question was ably sus-
tained by James Buchanan, who was chairman
, of the committee that reported the bill, to the
Senate providing for her admission; and, under
' the direction of a Democratic Administration, in
' 1836 she was received into the Union.
Again, by the sixth article of the treaty with
Spain in 1819, by which the Territory of East
and West Florida was acquired, it was stipulated
that
I " The inhabitants of that Territory should be incorpor-
ated in the Union of the United States ps soon as was con-
sistent with the principles of the Federal Constitution, and
admitted to the enjoyment of all the privileges, rights, and
immunities of the citizens of the United States."
/ By virtue of this stipulation, and without any
other consent on the part of Congress, in 1839
the inhabitants of that Territory formed a State
constitution, and presented herself for admission.
As in duty bound, Congress recognized herright,
and in 1845 she was received into the Union.
Now, sir, these facts establish incontrovertibly
i the right of the people of Kansas to form their
constitution and State government without the
previous consent of Congress, other than that
contained in the treaty of cession. This con-
struction, this right, this policy was established
and inaugurated by the Democratic party of the
■ nation. In accordance with this policy, Kansas
now comes, claiming, in the preamble to her con-
] stitution, the right of admission into the Union
! by virtue of the treaty of cession by France to
the United States of the province of Louisiana.
And will yon receive her? Or will you, in the
positive violation of your solemn obligations, or
in subversion of sound Democratic policy, reject
her, upon the absurd pretext that her proceedings
are revolutionary? Sir, had she come in the
golden age of the true Democracy—in the pulmy
days of Jackson, Benton, Blair, Butler, King,
and their noble compeers, can any one doubt she
would have been received ? Well may her pa tri-
ll ots mourn; for she has fallen on a period when,
