[Augnst;l5,
34-rfc Couo,...1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. WaJc^man,
He  of Reps.
under the garb of Democracy, tyranny and. op-
pression within her borders reign triumphant—
when, at the hands of the Pierce and Buchanan
Deiqocr&cy, her citizens, for their love of liberty,
axe tried for, felony, and hung for treason!
2. But,Mr.Speaker,let us concede, for the s^ike
ofthe argument, that she comes without prelimi-!
.nary consent—without an enabling act. Is th^t ]
a valid reason for her rejection? Why, sir, Ver-
mont, the first new State admitted into the Union
after, the adoption of the Federal Constitution,
.was received  n 1791—George "Washington being
, President—r without an enabling act. She was
received without, a constitution being submitted
. to or required oy Congress. Nor are there any
. trapes of her Constitution to be found prior to
:Jfuly, 1793, although her Senators and Represent-
.atives took their seats in 1791.
Kentucky was admitted in 1792. Her territory
formerly belonged to Virginia; and by the terms
, pf the cons tituticm.it.became necessary for Con-
gress to pass an act consenting to her separation.
This act was passed in February, 1791, but no
act whatever was passed,authorizing her to form
a constitution and State.government. Neverthe-
less she formed one in 1792; but it was never sub-
mitted to Congress; and her.Representatives took
, their seats, without even an inquiry being, made
for it. ,
. r Tennessee was a part of the territory. south
, pf the Ohio. In 1795, without any previous con-
sent of Congress, by authority of her; Territorial
.'Legislature, ^.constitution ana State government |
Was formed,and State officers elected, and appli- i
, cation was made for immediate admission into
the Union. Her constitution and application
.were transmitted.to George,Washington, Presi-
denfcof the United-States, and by him laid before
Congress. In th& House the whole subject was
referred to a select committee, which subsequently
reporteiLin favor of her admission;but the report
was strongly opposed on the ground th^t the
people of the Territory .had no right to. form a
constitution and State government without the
(previous consent of Congress. Mr. Dayton
• declared:
" He could never jzive his assent to any proposition which
expressly, or even impliedly, admitted that the people in-
habiting either of the Territories of the United Statescould,
at their own mere will and pleasure, and without the de-
- elarcd consent of Congress, erect themselves Into ft sep-
arate and independent State, yet this seemed to be the
spirit of the report under consideration." " Being aware
that the.steps now about to be taken would be regarded and
' puttied hereafter as a precedent, he conceived it important
theyehould, in this first instance of the sort thai had :
presented itself, proceed circumspectly and rightly." |
These, views were sustained by Mr. William !
Smith, of South Carolina, Mr. Sedgwick, Mr.
Sitgreaves, and others. But the report was ably
sustained by the voice and influence of such men
as James Madison, Nathaniel Macon, Albert
Gallatin, and others; anif the report was finally
adopted by a vote of forty-th ree yeas to thirty nays. ,
The Senate after debate refused to concur in the
admission; but the House adhered to their reso- '
lution; and ultimately, through a committee of.
(conference, the Senate yielded, and Tennessee!
came into the Union the 1st day of June, 1796. !
This is the first case in the annals of Congress
where the question was fairly raised, discussed,
and decided, and it-therefore became a precedent
■ for future action. In 1835, the people of Arkan-
.sas and Michigan, without any previous consent
pn the part of Congress* severally formed con- |
stkutions.aiid State governments, and applied for \
, admission into the Union. In the Senate the case .
of Michigan was referred to a select committee,
-of which Felix Grundy was chairman, which
^committee subsequently reported a bill for her I
_admission, provided the people should assenXto j
;.a modification of her boundaries. To this bill,
Ewing, of Ohio, offered a substitute, pro-
viding-.that the people of the Territory should j
..elect delegates to a convention, charged with the
- formation of a constitution, to be submitted to
; Congress for its approval. Colonel Benton re-
plied to Mr. Ewing, and then entered into an
ample vindication of the rights of the people of
Michigan and Arkansas to meet in convention,
without a preliminary law from Congress, adopt
constitutions, and send them here for examina-
tion. He said:
" Conventions w«re original acts of the people. Tbey
depended upon inherent and inalienable rights. The people
of any State may, at any time, meet in convention, with-
out a law of their Legislature, and without any provision,
oragfiinstany provjsionfin their constiiotioil, and may alter
or abolish the whole frame of government, as they pleased.
The sovereign power to govern themselves was in the ma-
! jority, and they could not be divested of it."
James Bttchanan, theno'ne of theTeadmgDem-
ocrats of the Senate, earnestly insisted upon the
adoption of the report, and said :
" The first objection he should, consider was the one sug-
gested, rather than insisted on, by- the .Senator from Pela-
ware ; and that was, that ho act had 'been passed by Con-
greisfor the purpose of enabling the peopla of Michigan to
forma State constitution, U obedience to. what liqdbee^i
supposed to be the custom in regard, to other i?tajes tliat
have been admitted into the. Ufiion. Now, was Uteris, he
would ask, any reason for passing such art act? WW It
-required by principle, or was it required-by fbrtner practice?
He utterly denied that it was required either by the one. or
the other, before a hew State may be admitted into the
Union; and whether it was given previously or subse-
quently to the application of a State for admissiob.iato the
, Uniou, was.of no earthly importance."
Mr. Buchanan further declared.: <
- " That in the history of this Goverumest tjiay had pre-
cedents to, sanction this bill , and, they had ope which
j applied expressly to this very case, it being utterly impos-
, sible to draw any distinction between the two, unless in
! favor of Michigan. He referred to the case of tlie State of
r Tennessee." . ,
- In commenting upon this case, Mr; Buchanan
-said: 1
" That the! people of that TeWitory themselves' made tWe
- first efforts for admission into the Onion v they lasted on
their own authority solely, .never having asked Congress
for the passage of a previous law. And George Wasliing-
' ton said they had the right, as they unquestionably had, to
| be admitted into the Union, if they had sufficient popula-
tion. Now he would defy any man whatever to point opt
the distinction between the two cases, unless it bsin favifr
j of Michigan." * * * " Without the previous assent.of
Congress, Tennessee formed her Constitution, knocked at
your doors for admission, and being a welcome strahger
was cordially ■admitted. He would then ask of gentlemen
to mete out the same measure of justice - and liberality to
Michigan fha,t was meted out to Tennessee."
On ft subsequent day,, in another elaborate
apee.oh upon the same subject, Mr. Buchanan
•said':
"The precedent in the case of'Tsnnessoe, oil which I
. commented when X addressed tfye Senate on Wednesday
.last, has completely silenced all opposition in regard to the
tie'eessity of a previous act of Congress to enable the people
! of Michigan to form a State constitution* It now seems to
be conceded that our subsequent approbation is equivalent
to our .-previous action.. This can no longer be, doubted.
-. We have the unquestionable power of waiving any irrgga-
| Unities in the mode .of framing the Constttution,iiad any
j such existed."
The bill reported by the committee, providing
for the admission, was passed by large majorities
in both Houses, and received'the assent of Pres-
ident Jackson.
| Maine, Florida, Iowa, and California, also,
severally formed their constitutions and State
j governments without any previous enabling act
| on the part of Congress, and were received into
the Union. •
j Mr. Speaker, in view of all these facts and
| precedents, I submit that it has been fully estab-
lished that no preliminary or "enabling act is
1 required; and that the objection to the immediate
admission of Kansas on this ground is fully
answered.
Again, it is insisted that she should be rejected,
ibecause, as is alleged, "in no instance has a
; State been admitted upon the application of
\ persons acting against authorities duly consti-
tuted by act of Congress."
This objection has the President of the United
States for its author, and is set forth in his
! special message to Congress upon Kansas affairs,
i' In answer to this objection it is submitted, in
the first place, that, if it is meant that the, people
•of Kansas, in the assembling and election of
' delegates-to a convention, and that convention m
the adoption of a State constitution, and the
people in the approval of that constitution, and
! m the election of a Legislature and metftbers of
i Congress under it, have acted " against authori-
ties duly constituted by acts of Congress," the
assertion is untrue in point of fact. The people
of Kansas possess the ordinary privileges and
immunities of citizens of the United States.
Among these is the right " peaceably to assemble
and to petition the Government for a redress of
grievances." In the exercise of this privilege,
the people have a perfect indefeasible right peace-
ably to meet together, either primarily or in con-
ventions, petition Congress to abrogate the
territorial government. A,nd they may not only
accompany their petition with a. constitution, but
they may peaceably elect their members of Con-
gress under it, and charge them with the duty of
_the presentation of their petition and constitution
to the attention of Congress. All this is, not only
not against the authorities of Congress,but when
peacefully done is clearly constitutional. In fact,
sir, this is one of th£ Nearest rights guarantied
_by the Constitution, and is,absolutely beyond
:the reach or power of Congress; /therefore no
law can- be, and a thorough exanvin&tion of yoiar
'Statutes-s^Large will prove that no such law has
ever been, passed,
In the second place, if it is meant by this ^In-
jection that the pepple, in the formation and adop-
tion of their constitution, and in the election of
_their members of Congress under it, have acted
against the territorial '' authorities," the asser-
tion .is again untrue in point of fact.
. The Territorial Legislature, nor the. executors
.of its pretended laws, have,any right, power, or
authority whatsoever, to prevent, or in anywise
.obstruct, the people in their peaceably assembling
tog^her, either primarily -or in conventions, and
farming, a constitution and State government,
and electing their officers under it, preparatory
to their peutiowng Conereae for,admission into
the Union. Indeed, to do so would be the exer-
cise of a power not delegated to Congress, and,
3 fortiori,, the Territorial Legislature, assuming
.that it .had legal existence,.
■, A Territorial Legislature, unless distinctly au-
thorized by an.act of Congress, has no.,po wer to
pass laws authorizing the people to fbrm:a con-
, stitution and State-government, or to regulate the
calling of a convention for that purpose. Hence
the action of the Territorial Legislatures of Ten-
nessee,, Arkansas, Michigan, And other Territo-
ries, in providing, by laVv for the holding of con-
ventions for the formation of constitutions and
State governments-, were absolu tely null and>vbid.
And the effort to deprive Kansas'of the benefit of
these precedents, in consequence of such terri-
torial legislation, entirely fails.
. This doctrine is fully sustained by the opinion
of the Attorney General of the United States,
(Hon. B..F:< Sutler,) in the case of Arkansas^ m
1835. The opinion was elicited by the territorial
Governor, through- the President of the United
States, and contains the following declaration:
f It is not in ths power of the General Assembly of Ar-
kansas to pass any law for the. purpose of electing members
to a convention to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, nor to do any other act, directly or indirectly, to
"create such government. Every such law, even though
•it werf approved by the Governor of the Territory, would
be null and, void ;, if pwlspd by. them, notwithstanding bis
veto, by a vote of two thirds of each branch, it would still
be equally void."
JBut, sir, as a matter of fact, the people of Kan-
sas, in the -formation .of their constitution, and
State government, Jiave contravened no law what-
soever. They have cather only exercised one of
the dearest rights of'American citizens, guaran-
tied to them by the Constitution of their country.
And yet,-.sir, (digressing a .moment from the argrt-
,ment,) to-what perils have they not been sub-
jected, because they knew their rights and dared
to exercise them ! '. Many of them have been de-
- prived of their property—of their personal security;
others have been indicted for high treason vand
-are now—rwi'thout bail or mainprise—undergoing
a felon's fate; others, to escape the arm of tyranny
-and oppression raised to crush theih, have fled to
.those portions of our country where the princi-
ples of constitutional liberty are secured to all.;
In the third'place,.the citizens of KansaB sol-
emnly declare-—as is folly proven by the report
of the committee of investigation now on your
tabic—that they have, been prevented from erect-
ing members of a Legislative Assembly pursu-
ant) to the requirements of the organic act; that
invading forces from- foreign States have seized
upon their political rights and privileges; and that
by force and arms a Legislative Assembly has
1 been foisted upon them, and has proceeded to the
;! enactment of unconstitutional laws of the most
| • tyrannical and insulting character. That these
- so-called laws—the fruits of the most flagrant
11. wrongs and oppression — based upon the sub-
[. jugation rather than upon the consent of the
