1856-1
AFPfeKblX THS ' Ot)KfcttHSSK)N AL VOSm.
ft 41
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr] Wakeman.
Hti.OF^REt>S.
of 60.409; and so on with Tennessee, Connecti-
cut, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Alabama, Mis-
souri, Goorgia, Mid Texas, each receiving an
additional member tor their respective fractions.
By special act, California, withont any reliable
census, was allowed two Representatives, and
thus '.tie whole number of memoers of the House,
934, was made up. Florida, in 1850, had a white
Kipulationof only 47,203. Yet she has one mem-
■r of the House, and in the Senate is etpial with
>'(  ' York. Equalitjr of representation is, there-
for*, very far from being a fixed, unbending rule.
But, Mr. Speaker, when we contemplate the
political condition and geographical position of
Kansas, the question of population becomes one
of comparative insignificance. When Tennessee
asked admission into the Union in 1796, she was
opposed because there had been no legal enumer-
ation of her inhabitants. In debating the ques-
tion in the House, James Madison declared:
•• Ifthere should be any inaccuracy in admitting heritito
the I'nion before she possessed the full number of inhabit-
ants. it <vas only a fugitive consideration. The great emi-
grations which take place to that country will soon correct
the error."
Sir, in estimating the population of Kansas,
whether we find the present numbers to high or
too low, is a matter of little moment. Why, sir,
as Edmund Burke declared of America, " Such
is the strength with which population shoots in
that part of the world, that,state the number as
high as we will, whilst the dispute continues the
exaggeration ends. Whilst we are discussing
anv given magnitude, they are grown to it.
\V hilst we spend our time debating her rejection
for want of numbers, her population will exceed
the ratio. Indeed, I cannot believe any serious
objection will, and I am sure none can, be inter-
posed to her admission upon this ground.
I have thus, Mr. Speaker, reviewed the various
objections urged to the immediate admission of
Kansas as a State; whether successfully or not,
I leave for ethers to determine. I now proceed
affirmatively to state the reasons for my judgment
in favor of that policy.
I am in favor of immediate admission— ,
first. Because, in her territorial condition, her
people are deprived of the right of self-govern-
ment, in violation of the first principle of the
great charter of our liberties, which affirms that
" governments are instituted among men, deriv-
ing their just powers from the consent of the
governed.
Territorial governments are the result of neces-
sity. They are instituted for the care, protection,
and government, of a wild, extended, ajidsparsely
inhabited region. Without this fostering care of
the Federal Government, the rapid growth of the
western world would have received a serious
check.
But, in sound political principle, the right to
impose and sustain territorial government ceases
with the necessity. As population increases—
as towns, cities, and villages spring up, and self-
government becomes practicable, the right to it
necessarily follows; and for the Federal Govern-
ment to withhold it against the yill of the people,
becomes injustice and tyranny. ■
In 1796, when the Territory south of the Ohio
was before Congress seeking admission into the
Union as a State, James Madison, then a member
of the House of Representatives, said:
" The inhabitants of that district of country were at
present in a degraded situation; they were deprived of a
right essentia! to freemen—the right of being represented in
Congress. Laws were made without their consent, or by
I heir consent in part only. An exterior power bad author-
ity over their Jaws; an exterior authority appointed their
Executive, which was not analogous to the other parts of
the United States, and not jastified by anything but an
obvious and imperious necessity, lie did not mean by this
lo- censure the regulations of their provisional govern-
ment; but be thought, where there was doubt, Congress
ought to lean towards a decision which should give equal
rights to even/ part of the •American people."
Sir, these are the views of James Madison,
expressed upon an application, similar to the one
.now under consideration; and I earnestly com-
mend them to the attention of those who are in
opposition to this_petitjon.
in 1844, when Florida was applying for admis-
sion into the Union, Hon. Aaron V. Brown,
chairman of the Committee on Territories, in
reporting upon tbftt application, said:
" Th«! whole policjroftbic Government, and all the pthi-
olples upon which its institutions Teat, are adverse to the
long continuance of a territorial government over any por-
tion of the citizens of the country ; the right and the duty
of self-government are fundamental maxims of the political
system of America. The territorial organisation, for pur-
1 poses of local police over such portions of the public domain
as are occupied by ft population too weak to maintain the
1 forms aud esercise the prerogatives of an independent and
sovereign organization, is never designed for other than n
temporary purpose. It is contrary to n true policy, as well
as to republican propriety, that a supreme and despotic rule
should tie held by this Government over any portion of Uift
freemen of the land; and if, from the necessity of the case,
lite Government lias been obliged to prescribe regulations
Ibr, and eirercise control over, the inhabitants of Territo-
ries not included in the limits of any one of the sovereign
States, it has been with the design of raiting thuin by its
fostering care and protection, with as little delay as possible,
to a condition in which they may be able to assist and as-
sume ihdt high privilege of self-government which is the
right of all men, *nd take their place as an independent
community in the galaxy of American States. 11 is abhor-
rent to all the feelings and cherished principles of the Train-
ers of this Republic, that there should ejtist within its
hnrits, for any length of time, or for any time not demanded
by an unavoidable necessity, a community of free citixens,
who, without participating in the conduct and control of
this Government, should be completely subject to its will
and dictation. Nor is it compatible with the feelings which
should actnate every American to submit for one moment
longer than necessity obliges to a government imposed by
the will of others, and in the form or conduct of which the
governed have no other direction or voice than is allowed
by the permission or favor of the governors."
Sir, these views .so ably — so eloquently ex-
pressed—were the views of the Democracy in
1844. In their application to the people of Kan-
sas asking admission into the Union, are they
not true iij 1856 ?
| Second., I am in favor of this policy, because
< self-govertiment is not only a right, but it is a duty
which devolves upon every political community.
Governments are burdens upon the people, arid
, when self-imposed are, or always should De, self-
! sustained. The people of Kansas are earnestly
, desiring self-government, and are ready to sus-
tain all its burdens. Why, then, by continuing
her dependent condition, continue to tax the
Federal Treasury for her support ? Her citizens
are American citizens'; they have no desire to
barter their independence and their glorious, in-
spiring right of self-government for the pecuni-
ary benefits of a territorial condition.
Kansas, " with her genial climate and teeming
soil, harbors no spirit so base as to be lured to
loiter in her onward course to the goal of self-
government; by the little pebbles of gain which
may lie scattered in her way." She boldly steps
forward to the performance of that duty which
her new position would devolve upon her; and
thus would hundreds of thousands of dollars be
saved to your Treasury, and justice be done to all.
Mr;: Speaker, I command this view of the sub-
' ject, as a controlling one, to the serious considera-
! tion of the distinguished gentleman from Ten-
i nesdee, [Mr. Jones.] .
Third. I am in favor of thispolicy, because it
' secures to the citizens of the Territory complete
deliverance from the tyranny and oppression
which are now imposed upon them.
I • Sir, what patriotic, intelligent mind, imbued
| with the true spirit of constitutional liberty, can
, reflect upon the unhappy condition of the people
of that Territory without earnestly desiring the
I immediate adoption of that constitutional course
of action which will afford them immediate and
permanent relief? Sir, the story of their wrongs
is familiar to every one within the sSund of my
voice. They are the fruits of the violation of the
solemn compact of our fathers—of the plighted
faith of the nation. They are the fruits of the
most unhallowed ambition, led on by political
demagogues, whose recklessness is unparalleled
in the history of the Republic. Her short but
eventful history unfolds to our view a long train of
abuses and usurpations, intolerable and insupport-
able to American freemen. And yet, sir, animated
by, a spirit of peace and of devotion to their own
best interests, they have adopted a constitution,
filled'with the true spirit of wisdom, benevolence,
and republican liberty, and are now at your door
praying deliverance from the yoke of oppression
which Has been so heavily laid upon them, by
an immediate admission into the great ark of our
national safety—our beloved Union. Sir, suffer-
ing and bleeding she stands at your doors seeking
security and protection. In the flame, and with
the spirit of dur fathers, I intreat you turn not a
deaf ear to her petition.
Fourth. I am in favor bf the immediate admis-
sion, because it would in effect—pro tanto—be  
restoration of the Missouri compromise.
This compromise, by the admission of Missouri
as a slave state, secured to freedom the remainder
of the entire Louisiana purchase north of 36° 3U'.
The fact of the admission of Kansas as a free
State will doubtless secure to the whole* of the
territory lying to the northward the same social
eondition; arid thus the whole of the territory
north of 'the thirty-seventh degree of north lati-
tude, shielded from slavery by that compromise,
will be secured to fi'ee institutions; and hence,'
practically, with the exception of half of a degree,
work a restoration of the Missouri compromise.
I cannot but rejoice when I reflect that in this
measure is' presented a practical remedy for,
and an effectuat restoration of, that compromise,
the repeal of which has caused the hearts of"
"countless thousands to mourn." I rejoice, be-
cause in this simple, peaceful way is afforded an
opportunity for every member of this tiouse,
irrespective of party, who sincerely deplores the'
repeal of that ancient measure of peace and con-
cord, by his vote to aid in its immediate practical
restoration.
Fifth. I am' in favor of admission, because it
affords to those who hofiestly believe in the prin-
ciples of the Kansas-Nebraska bill an opportu-
nity of proving their attachment by their votes.
By the thirty-second section of that act it is de-
clared to be the express design of the law t«
" leave the people of the Territory perfectly free
to form and regulate their domestic institutions
iri' their own way, subject- only to the Constitu-
tion df the United States." Well, sir, the citizens
6f that Territory, although surrounded by diffi-
culties unprecedented, have formed and adopted a
constitution which, when put into operation, will
regulate their domestic institutions agreeable to
the will of the people, subject only to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
By th  nineteenth section of the etct it is declared
that Kansas, when admitted as a State, " shall
he received ' into'{ the Union', with or without
slavery, as their constitution may 'prescribe at
the time of their admission." The faet, there-
fore, that Kansas now applies for admission with
a fundamental law in favor ^freedom, can afford
no objection to the favorable consideration of her
^;^be-^opfe^f Ake -T4rtl^ory have made; tk«ir
election; they ha.ve .adopted a constitution for-
bidding slavery; thereupon the clause from the
organic act justquoted absolutely guaranties that
they shall be received, into the Union, with their fret
constitution. Sir, upon every principle of con-
sistency, I demand from the special friends of this
bill, by their votes, the faithful execution of this
clause of their own law.
Sixth. But, sir, above all, I am in favor of the
immediate admission, because it is a proposition
that will give peace to the country.
Popular governments are the nurseries of po-
litical parties, and the violence of faction is the
bane of their existence. When a faction includes
a majority, this form of government enables it to
sacrifice to its' ruling passion, or interest, both
the public good and the rights of the minority,
factions are usually the work of unscrupulous,
ambitious men, and, under their influence and
control, are often the perpetrators of the most
flagrant acts of injustice and oppression.
• The most striking example in the history of
the Republic of the flagrant power of faction '
over an American Congress is to be found in the
subversion of that great patriotic measure, the
Missouri compromise. The bare announcement
of that proposition aroused t,he opposition and
indignation of the great mass of the American
people. But it was of no avail. A few unscru-
pulous ambitious leaders, through the tactics of
party and the spoils of office, l^ad already secured
a majority within the meshes of their net bound
to the perpetration of the deed. In utter disre-
gard of all consequences—turning a deaf ear to
the voice of the people—surrounded by the dark-
ness of mid night,"the deed was perpetrated; and
by it, not only was the virgin soil of a western
world, by our ancestors consecrated to freedom,
opened up to human slavery, but the public mind
has been aroused and agitated to an extent almost
