ri4S
tpmxvm *** ■ qom^^EssioN
[July-15/
34th Gong^Ist Sess.
Naval Rttiring, Bell, of Tennessee.
Senate.
unparalleled. All other questions have shrunk
away into comparative insignificance; and the
great thoughts which now heave the breast of
the public mind grow out of the perpetration of
this enormous breach of national faith.
Sir, peace, not only abroad, but at home, is in-
dispensable to the development and prosperity
of the great commercial, mechanical, and agricul-
tural interests of the ■ nation. The adoption of
this measure will not only give peace at homs>
but have a potent influence, so far as relates to
our own country, in maintaining it abroad. The
adoption of the constitution upon which admis-
sion is sought having been accomplished in pur-
suance with one of the alleged main features of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, the friends of that
measure cannot in reason object to it; on the i
other hand, the great mass of the American peo-
ple, outraged by the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise, cannot be otherwise than satisfied by
its practical restoration.
Sir, I would earnestly appeal to every member
within the sound of my voice, of whateverpolit-
ical party or sentiment, to lay aside his arms of
contention and join hands in one grand patriotic
truce for the accomplishment of this great meas-
ure of peace—of peace secured, "not through 1
the medium of civil war; not peace to be hunted
through the labyrinths of endless contention and
debate; not peace to arise out of continued uni-
versal discord; not peace to depend on the judi-
cial determination of perplexing questions; but
of simpleptace—sought in the spirit of peace, and
laid iir principles purely pacific."
_ Sir, by the love you bear the concord and re-
pose of your common country; by the love you
cherish for your noble constitution and glonoqs
Union; by tne reverence you owe the memories
of the great Fathers of the Republic, whose rich
legacy of immortal principles you enjoy; and,
above all, by that noble spirit of patriotism which
I know beats high in every one of yout bosoms,
I adjure you unitedly to give your hearts and
your voices to this measure.
For these reasons, and many others, which I
have not time to enumerate, I am in favor of im-
mediate admission.
naval retiring board.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN BELL,
of tennessee,
In the Senate, July 15,1856,
On the bill (S. No. 113) to amend an act entitled " Att act
to promote the efficiency of the Navy.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, said: I do not know
whether any other gentleman proposes to address
the Senate on this subject, but I think the re-
marks of the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
ought not to go altogether unnoticed. It seems
to me, that the grounds assumed by the honorable
Senator from Georgia aj-e of such a nature that
they demand some reply from those who cannot
see this subject in the light he does.
Sir, if I were justly subject to the imputation
which the Senator from Georgia has cast on every
gentleman who gives his support to this bill, 1
should think very meanly of myself. And if a
majority of this body should support the bill,
under the denunciations we have heard from that
honorable Senator, without some further expla-
■ nation or vindication of their course than I have
yet heard. I should think meanly of them.
Mr. TOOMBS. There was no denunciation;
but a difference of opinion on a constitutional
point. ,
, Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I really believe the
honorable Senator did not mean to impute any-
thing but what he considered fair and parliament-
ary in argument; and yet his language was such
as to furnish ground to suppose that he meant to j
impute something personally derogatory—some-
thing unbecoming the character of the Senate, or I
of any member of thp Senate, who should sup-
port this bill. I do /lot design to take any cap- i
tious exception to the language or manner of the '
Senator from Georgia, except so far as it may I
properly be the subject of reply. I acquit the hon-
orable Senator of arty intention of trespassing
improperly, or in an unparliamentary manner,
upon the feelings of any Senator. With that
understanding, and in that spirit, J mean to reply
to some portions of the honorable Senator s
remarks.
In the preliminary votes which have been
taken on this subject, I indicated a disposition
to support the bill reported by the Committee
on Naval Affairs. I voted against the amend-
ment which proposed to repeal that provision of
the act of 1855 whic$ authorized prorriptioris to
fill the vacancies created under the proceedings
of the board. That was the most decisive vote
which was taken yesterday, and'indicated cleaWy
the aims of the majority of the Senate on that
point. Now, sir, I profess to be as ardently de-
sirous of doing justice in the best way that can be
devised by Congress to those officers who have'
been unjustly dealt with, as the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Chittenden,] my colleague, [Mr.
Jones,] the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
hale,] or any gentleman who has taken an
earnest part in this debate. The Senator from
Geo'rgia, and the Senator from New Hampshire,
have disclaimed having any kinsman or any per-
son affected by the action of the board, connected
with them in such a manner as to lay them under
particular obligations to look to their interests
and their protection. I can make the same dis-
claimer; I have no relationship with any officer
in the Navy, either of blood or of personal obli-
gations, of si^ch a nature as to control my con-
victions of duty on this subject. There Eire
several officers in the Navy with whom I am
personally acquainted, to whom I think injustice
has been done, and I feel a deep solicitude for the
redress of that injustice; bat I should think badly
of myself} if I cpuld say that my sympathies and
anxieties were limited to personal acquaintances
or friends. In whatever respect it shall be found
that injustice has been done, either to the character
or the official position of any officer of the Navy,
in consequence of the proceedings of the naval
board, I feel an interest in having his wrongs re-
dressed. Now, sir, I wish to contrast the pro-
visions of the bill reported by the Committee on
Naval Affairs, with the provisions of the amend-
ment proposeid by the honorable Senator from
Georgia, with a view to see which; makes ^the
most ample provision for thd redress of the griev-
ances of those gentlemen who have been retired
and held up iu such glowing language as the
victims of the naval board,
I am willing, even to place the case on the
Strongest ground assumed by the Senator from
Georgia—and certainly no gentleman could, plare
the argument on his side of the question in
stronger, more intelligible or unequivocal terms,
or better founded in principles of right and
justice. Let us concede all that he says on these
points. Then here are a considerable number of
nonorable and gallant officers of the Navy, who
have been stricken down by a secret tribunal,
without notice, without accusation, without trial,
without the privilege of confronting their accusers,
or examining witnesses in defense; and they have
been condemned and degraded, and their reputa-
tions, as well as their official positions, deeply
affected by the decisions of this ooard. It is said
that this proceeding is against the principles of
natural justice; that it is particularly repugnant
to our American notions of justice; that it has
had no parallel in the decrees or adjudications
of afty tribunal in the history of civilized nations
for two thousand years. The Senator from. New
Hampshire says that a greater outrage has not
been perpetrated under the color of law for the
last twenty centuries. These are strong asser-
tions. They are the strongest positions which
can be taken. Now, admit, for the sake of the
argument,all this to be true; admit that here has
been a secret tribunal, which, without notice,
without accusation, without allowing the party
the privilege of being confronted with the wit-
nesses against him, has condemned,and deprived
of their official position in the Navy of the
.United States, many gallant men; and that their
character has, at the same time, he.en more or
less affected;;—admit all this to bp so; and admit
i also, that this has been in violation of all those
I guarantees of the safety of the rights of the citi-
zen provided by tlje Constitution and laws
under which, according to the declaration of the
Senator from Georgia, in one of his earliest and
most eloquent speeches on this subject, the vilest
wretch ever arraigned at the bar of a criminal
tribunal.is entitled to have notice of the offense
charged against him, to be confronted with his
accusers, and to have a fair and open trial:, still,
the question presents itself, what is the remedy?
Does the bill of the Committee op Naval
Affairs, or the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia, propose a mode of redress practicable
and most effective, most certain to reach the great
ends of justice, and to maintain those great prin-
ciples which have been- so earnestly and elo-
quently stated and enforced by that Senator?
Which of the two propositions is preferable for
the attainment, of those great objects which the
honorable Senator has announced? These offi-
cers liave. been tried without notice, some of them
have, been retired, others have been dropped and
the character of till of them has been in some
respect affected.
What does the bill reported by the Naval Com-
mittee propose to do ? To right all those wrongs
as far as Cdn'greSs has the constitutional' power.
What does the Senator frdm Georgia propose by
his amendment ? The object is the same; but the
measure he proposes is aii impracticable one for
the object—the opinion of a majority of the Sen-
ate having been already expressed that it cannot
be carried out without a violation of the Consti-
tution; without running counter to the constitu-
tional rights and prerogatives of the President.
Wrong has been done to these'men by being
made the victims of a tribunal sitting secretly,
without notice, without a hearing, without the
privilege of defense, and an open trial. To ex-
tend all those privileges, and to give that open
trial, is distinctly proposed by the" bill reported
by the Naval Committee of the Senate. What
is the argument most strongly urged against the
position that this' bill affords full redress? The
inquiry has been1 made whether, supposing the
courts of inquiry authorized by this bill should
find thaT injustice was done to arty of the class of
officers w,ho have beeh dropped from the active
list o(r froin the service, or that the riaval board, in
any Case, executed its authority by extending their
examination into questions of moral character or
delinquency,such officers are not still at the mercy
of discretion of th£ President; and the question
is peremptorily, asked, " What obligation will
the President Be under to restore these officers?"
I reply, that he is under precisely the same
obligation and responsibility to do his duty in
I these'eases that he is under to discharge every
j other part of his executive functions, in which he
j is supposed to have any discretion, particularly
, in the appointment of public officers—the obli-
gation, the responsibility to his own character,
to his own sense of justice, and above alii topublic
opinion. These are the highest and most reliable
obligations which can be imposed on the Presi-
dent, to discharge all his constitutional duties
faithfully.
Now, sir, I say that the bill reported by the
: Nav?tl Committee offers the fullest, the most
efficient, and practicable method of. redress for
all the errors which have been committed by the
naval board which probably can be devised,
j The proposition of the honorable Senator from
Georgia is a plain and straightforward one; and
j he has shown, in his argument, that its provisions
j are conceived in a patriotic spirit in reference to
, what is due to the country on the score of econ-
omy. It provides, in the first place, that there
, shall be no promotions under the act 'of l855;
and that, when any officer shall conceive himself
injured by the finding of the naval board, hi
may demand a court of inquiry, proceeding ac-
cording to the rules and regulations of the Navy;
; and if the decision of such court shall be in.lns
favor, he shall be restored to his former position
in the Navy, without any new appointment by
the President; or, in other,words, that the act of
1855, so far as concerns such officer, shall be
regarded as a nullity. This is a fatal objection
to the amendment offered by the Senator from
Georgia. Congress cannot restore a dropped
officer by legislative enactment. According to
my conception of the powers of the Congress of
