1856.]
Appmnx to THE CONGftESSiaNAL GI^eft.
114$
34th Cong.... 1 st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bell, of Tennessee.
Se^Xte.
the United States, we have no such authority. |
The proposition attempts to attain the object by j
means beyond our constitutional power. I
I had intended to address the Senate somewhat
at large, at one time, in reference to the constitu-
tional power of the President, in virtue of his
office as commander-in-chief of the Army and
Navy of the United States, to dismiss officers
from the service without the examination of a'
court-martial. The power has been strenuously
opposed not only by the Senator from Georgia,'
but by others. It is said that the1'President has
no power to touch an officer of the Army or
Navy, except according to the rales and regula-
tions prescribed by law for the punishment of
offenses. That I deny. If I entertained similar
opinions with the Senator from Georgia on this
point, I would vote to sustain this section of his
amendment. I Have not time to go into that sub-
ject now, but I may be permitted to make a re-
mark or two in regard to it.
The principal argument on which the Senator
from Georgia bases his position on the question ,
of power, is the authority given by the Constitu-
tion to Congress to make rules and regulations
for the government of the land and naval forces.
That provision in the Constitution, it is con-
tended, by a necessary implication, precludes the
President from the exercise of any discretion as
commander-in-chief to punish officers, except in
conformity with such rules and regulations; and
that, however expedient he may think it in any
case to discharge an officer from the Service, with-
out the intervention of a court-martial, he cannot
do so. The only reply which I will take up'the
time of the Senate now to make to that argument :
is, that in both the Army and Navy a multitude j
of offenses of different grades may be committed, j
extending from a simple neglect of duty, or a vio- i
lation of the ordinary rules of discipline on a ship ;
or in an army, to mutiny, requiring different grades !
of correction or punishment, which it Would ;
not be safe or expedient to allow a command-
ing officer, in the field or at sea, to inflict at his
discretion, and which even the President, as com-
mander-in-chief, cannot regulate at his discretion;
and it was to provide against the exercise of-such
a dangerous or arbitrary discretion, that the Con- j
stitution authorized Congress to make rules and [
regulations for the government of the land and \
naval forces. It is often necessary to inflict this ; j
punishment of death for the hignest grade of 1:
crime committed on board our ships in foreign
stations, or in the army or in the field. It is. of
the highest importance that punishments in all :
such cases should be regulated by la#; iMthfey
are bo regulated. But the highest.reason^''of
expediency and the public interest, in my judg-
ment, require that the President, as commander-
in-chief, while he cannot order the smallest
degree of punishment to be inflicted, either Upori
officers, soldiers, or sailors, at his discretion,
for any violation of discipline, should1 hare the j
power to discharge an officer from the- service !
whenever he shall deem stich exereise of power
demanded by the good of the service. I think it
would be dangerous to;dej>rive the President of :
this power, and that is the Jjasis of my objection
to the proposition Of the-Senator from Georgia. I
But, sir, I resets lHvitetheSenate to a coritrast \
of the two proposition's presented to us: We :
■have had appeals to passion, accompanied with :
strong arguments.' We have hid appeals td :
American justice, and to those great principles of ,
natural right established by t&e barons of Eng- !
land at Rtinnymede. These- appeals* have been .
made for the purpose of enforcing justice to the
Victims of the avbitrttry proceedings of the late
boftrd. Now, the contrast Which 1 wish to' hold j
tip is, that the bill of the Naval Committee pro-
poses to do justice in every case, so far as 'we have
the constitutional power to do it, by providing
for as many courts of inquiry as may be neces-
sary to examine into every case of supposed in-
justice, and, at the same time, to leave the Presi-
dent at liberty to nominate any oflicers whom he
may believe to have been retired of dropped with-
out sufficient cause,'Without subjecting him to
the mortification of having to undergo the ordeal
of a court of inifuiry. The Senator froin Georgia
proposes W liout itm restorations to such officers
as shall ask a court of inquiry. That is theprop-
osition of the Senator from Georgia. Every
officer who conceives himself injured must first
pass through this ordeal. And I ask the ques-
tion, which plan of relief is most favorable to the
retired and dropped officers ?
In this contrast of the two propositions, and in
making the issue which is most favorable to the
injured officers, I', of course, do not take into view
that feature in the plan of relief brought forward
by the Senator from Georgia which sets aside as
a nullity the findings of the board and the Pres-
ident's approval of them. If Congress had the
power to do that, then the measure of relief would
be full and complete as soon as a court of inquiry
shall acquit them of all charges against them.
They would, ipso facto, stand in their original or
former position in the Navy, and in that view of
the case the Senator's amendment would be pre-
ferable. But I have already shown that Con-
gress has no such power, and it is hopeless to
suppose that any relief can come in that form.-
The printiple which forms the basis of the amend-
ment of the-Senator from Georgia is, that the
findings of the naval board, together with the
President's approval, are illegal and void, on the
ground of irregularity in the procedure.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senator will allow me
I will state the principle of my proposition, though
he has stated it very accurately. It proceeds on
the ground, that-if theactionof the boardwas ille-
gal, it was a nullity of itself, without any'declara-
tion by Congress that it was so. If-the trial was
illegal and unconstitutional, the judgment was
Void. I understand the universal principle of law
to be that, when a court usurps a jurisdiction iK*t
belonging to it, its fadghient does notbfadany^
body. Acting on this principle I say these men
are not out of the Navy.
. Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That is the pre-
cise issue between Us. However erroneous the
judgment of the naval board may have been, I
rhairUain that they are nbt absolutely void,' or a
nullity; and thai, whether they are so or not,
the President having ordered them to be carried
out, and certain officers having been dropped
from the service accordingly, they are now out
of the service, and cannot be restored but in the
exercise.of the President's power of appointment,
existing independently of any power Congress can
either give or withhold from him. The principles
upon which the Senator assumes that the pro-
ceedings under the act of 1855 are anuHity, were
set forth by Earl Camden, then lord chancellor,
in one of the finest specimens of jtfditial eloquence
ever-exhibited. It was iria cage sbmewhat sim-
ilar to the present. The dean and chapter'of a
college in one of the universities, having an
almost unlimited discretion in maintaining the
discipline of the college, had proceeded to expel
a Student without a full hearing; and, in pro-
nouncing the sentence of expulsion, recited a
charge affectingthe moral character of the student;
of which he had no notice< There was no appeal
but to the king, as visitor; and the lord chancellor,
as keeper of the king's conscience, in reviewing
the sentence of the dean and chapter, vindicated the
principles of natural justice in a Strain of indignant
rebuke of all such arbitrary judgments, which
added to his fame,if anything could give increased
fame to a man who, in his Whole careerproved
himself one of the greatest of ^British 'patriots;
statesmen; and jurists; bat Still he did not'regard
the proceedings and'judgment df this 4ean and
chapter as a nullity. The.appeal in the case of
these officers is to Congress and the President.
The President, in consulting his conscience, with-
out the aid of an act of Congress, eani with the ad-
vice and consent Of thcSenate* do justice to them;
but to do justice in all>oases' an act of Congress
may be necessary. The bill sported by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairsproposes to give the power
to do full justice to all. I rtpeat the distinction^
which I stated in a former speech, between tribu-
nals adjudicating on the rights-of property, in the
judicial and proper senBe Of the term, and tri*
bunals acting in the character, and- clothed with
the powers, of the late naval board, Which was
mefely an advisory -body, having no authority
conferred by the law under which it was con*
rened, except to exanwne and make recommenda-
tions to the President for his approval and action.
The board were not clothed by law with the
power of punishing. They could only advise and
recommend. They may haveidone wrong. Pre-
judices, besides other infirmities of human judg-
ment, may have led them to make many of their
recommendations. They may have been iniflu-
enced by personal resentment, or by vindictive
feelings^ ■ but all these motives are incident to
human tribunals. That they examined into"tl?£
1 efficiency of these officers se'cretly, that they'acted
without notice to the parties, and without allow-
ing them the privilege of defense, is true; but that
was no more than what the law contemplated,
j Sir, the great principle established at Runny-*
; mede, of which we have heard so much, is, that
j no freeman shall be deprived of his life, his lib-
j erty, or his property; but by the judgment of his
! ptffers 6r the law of the "land. I shall not go into
, an argument as to what is meant'by «' the law of
! the land" in this celebrated charter; but it should
be remembered that, according to its terms,
those officers who have been retired, or de-
prived of their offices, have no right to complain. .
They have suffered, if they have suffered at all,
by the judgment of their peers, and the law of
the land.
The law Of 1855' vhaS a constitutional laWj
' enacted after careful' consideration, and in coti-
' formity with public sentiment, and the recom-
mendation of the Navy Department under several
Administrations; and 'though we may now dis-
cover that it was an unfortunate and an ill-advised
measure, yet it is still the law of theland. Though
it may-have been defectively and injudiciously
executed, though the judgment of the peers who
sat upon1 the cases 6f their brother ofnders may
have befen erroneous, and fouVided upon insuffi-
cient examinations and evidence; yet they Wert
pronouhced under a law of the land, ana must
stand until reversed by competent authority. No
one, I presume, will say that the act of 1855
contemplated an examination into the efficiency
of all the officers of the Navy according to the
forms afid regulations prescribed for courts of
inquiry, and conhs-martial. ft is manifest that
such a course of proceeding Was neither required
by the law, nor was in fact practicable-; withift
any reasonable period. I undertake to 'asse-rt
that no ihember of Congress who voted for that
law expected any such ruling.'
Sir, Tdo not meittio go^iMoi any vindication
or apology for the findings of the naval board;
beyorid what I thirtk the law furnishes. For their
errors, for their partialities, their prejudices,
their resentments, if they allowed such motives
to control them, 1 have nothing to say in defense.
They' may have proceeded on such unworthy
motives for aught I know. I only say that the
proceedings of the board are in conformity with
the law—in conformity with its reasonable con-
struction. If the tribunal, by whose judgment
many Worthy officers have been aggrieved , was ah
improper one^-a tribunal, the members of which
had an interest in the retirement or dismissal of
their brother officers, it was the fault of the law.
If the mode of proceeding was without notice of
accusation', without the privilege of defense, it
was the fault of the law. 'No such form of pro-
cedure was required by.it.' If the action of thi
board iiad' been.in violation of-the requirements
of the law, to such extent it would have been abso-
lutely void, and doubtless w6uld have been so
regarded by the'President;
After all', the act of 1855 Was intended to arm
the ■ President with the recommendation of a
board of officers, selected for their high standing
in each grade of the service, With greater assu-
rance of doing1 right,"to eriable hito to do what he
iad the power to do before, to retire ot drop any
officer of the Navy whom he fconsiderCd incompe-
tent to perform efficient service, and to drop all
those whom he believed to be unwdtthyto wear its
uniform. The only change made tty the fate act,
so far as regarded the duty or <the power of the
President, was to authorize him to place one
class of officers on a teServed list, whereas his
previous authority only authorized him to put
inefficient offi<5«s'-upori the furlough list. The
reasoti, or'mther tfce supposed necessity, for the
act of 1855, w&rr&At a Fresfdentdbotfld never b 
