U5Q
TO TI*£ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
34th- Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bell, of Tennessee;
senate.
induced to exercise duties and powers so deeply
affecting the feelings and interests of so great a ;
number of officers and of sympathizing relatives ;
and friends, without the support of some inter- j
mediate tribunal. The iaw, in other words, was
intended to give the President the power to act
under certain circumstances, when, without such
power, he could not be expected to act, and this,
from the nature of our popular system .of gov-
ernment. i
,, The whole question now is, in what way can
we repair the injustice that has resulted from this
mode of securing executive action ? The amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia proposes the .
restoration of none who do not petition for a
court of inquiry, as I understand it. I
Mr. TOOMBS. If they are content with their
position, I leave them where they are.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Exactly so; and
therefore I say that, with regard to economy in
the expenditures upon the Navy, the proposition
is more commendable than, the bill of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs; for that bill leaves the
President to restore, with the advice and consent
of the Senate, without subjecting the injured offi-
cer to the humiliation of a court of inquiry, in
all cases in which the President is satisfied with-
out further investigation that injustice has been
done. And again, the bill of the committee pro-
poses what is practical and constitutional; while
the proposition of the Senator from Georgia in-
volves a violation of the constitutional powers of
the President. • , •
Now, Mr. President, I must say that 1 think
the honorable Senator from Georgia went very
far in arraigning the conduct of the Committee
on Naval Affairs on this subject. I have not
been prominent as & supporter of the naval board,
or a defender of their proceedings. If I under-
stood the Senator, the terms in which he spoke
of the Committee on Naval Affairs yesterday,
implied the imputation that that committee had,
in reporting the bill now before the Senate, been
swayed or influenced by considerations of prom-
ises or expectations of relief for particular friends
who had suffered under the action of the board.
Mr. TOOMBS. I stated this—and I knew it,
for it has been talked of everywhere—that it was
used as a means to have effect on the Senate. My
complaint against the Naval Committee was, that
they had not reported facts showing the action of
the board, although they had them within their
possession.
Mr. {SELL,. of Tennessee. I thought the
charge went further; but certainly, the honorable ;
Senator in other respects charged the committee j
with delinquency. I do not feel myself called
upon to reply on behalf of the committee, be*-
cause, fis is very well known, I have not been
sirepwious in vindication of the board. I am an
humble member of the committee, but still I do i
not like to stand under the charges which have j
been made against it. I think the Senator is
under a great mistake as to the proceedings of
the committee.
He complains that the memorials of officers
have been, before the Committee on .Naval Af-
fairs, and that they had the means of making
reports as to the grounds on whichi the naval
board proceeded in every case.
. Mr. TOOMBS. Not in every case. I said I
knew they had the means in some cases.
,, Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Certainly the Sen-
ator has the privilege, according to parliamentary
rules, to make this complaint, and 1 do notexcept
his course on that ground. He charged distinctly
that sixty or seventy memorials have been before
the Naval Committee for the greater portion of
the session, and yet not one report has been
made. This eharge seems to imply that the com-
mittee have been guilty of gross negligence; that
they have disregarded the order of the Senate,
which is always understood in the reference of
every memorial, that they shall gamine and
make some report upon it. Does the Senator
from Georgia recollect or consider the nature of
the duties with which the committee was charged
by the orders of the Senate? In the first place,
if the Committee on Naval Affairs had under-
taken tp investigate and decide upon the .qualifi-
cations of sixty or seventy officers whose memo-
rials were committed to them, they would have
erected themselves into an inquisition as objection-
able, upon many grounds, as the naval board, and
would have subjected themselves to equal obloquy,
unless they had allowed the parties a full and
open hearing, and the privilege of defense by
witnesses. When the memorials were laid before
the committee, there was not a member who was
not struck at once with the singular and onerous
1 responsibility devolved upon them. The question
was, whether it was a proper responsibility; and
one which they ought to be called upon to assume.
It involved an inquiry into all the charges which
had been made against the naval board, as well as
the accusations and charges upon which the me-
morialists had been retired or dropped. To dis-
: charge the duty which seems to have been ex-
pected of the committee, would have required
an amount of labor beyond the ability of any
committee. To investigate and decide upon the
character, official standing, and efficiency of so
great a number of officers, would have required
their whole time, and an endurance of mental and
physical toil within the session, which no com-
mittee could be expected to undergo, and which
is quite unprecedented in the annals of Congres%
The committee, therefore, at first, resolved not
to enter into any inquiry or investigation of the
casea of individual officers; and when, under
particular circumstances, the committee did feel
called upon to inquire into the causes and circum-
stances .which led to the dismissal of one of the
memorialists, it was soon found that the commit-
tee was not' clothed with sufficient authority to
make such investigation as justice to the party
implicated required. To supply the proper au-
thority I was directed by the committee to move
in the Senate for power to send for persons and
papers. I do not remember the date of the appli-
cation, but it was a long time ago.. I desire the
Secretary to recur to the Journal and ascertain
the date.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) The Chair wilt.iafftrm the Sena-
tor that the resolution to which he has referred
i was introduced on the lltli of March last.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Well, sir, the com-
mittee, before that time,forquitesufficientreasons,
it seemed to me, determined that they would
i make a report to the Senate on the general ques-
j tion relating to the principles and modes of pro-
cedure, adopted by the naval board, as sopn as it
! was in their power to get the proper information;
' and further, to present a bill for the redress of
every officer who should appear to have suffered
j injustice, and there to stop. Such, however,-was
the pressure upon the Senate, puch was the pres-
sure from without, such were alleged to be the
: peculiar circumstances and hardship of some of
the cases, that the committee felt called upon to
i depart from their first determination,and proceed
i to make a particular investigation in such cases as
I they might bo able to do. The first case they
j took up, it is said, was one selected by them-
] selves; but was it not a case pointed to, held up,
to the public view in repeated debates in the
Senate, as a case which showed demonstratively
and in a manner which left no ground for doubt,
that the board had proceeded arbitrarily beyond
the jurisdiction given by law,.and in a manner
which deserved the indignant denunciation of
every map of prpper feeling in the country ? The
committee t«jok. up that case; and at the very
threshold they found that thgy had not the power
of making satisfactory examinations. By direc-
tion of the committee, I made a motion for power
to send for persons'and papers. It was opposed,
and the question ,vas laid over. I mov«d the conr
sideration of the motion repeatedly afterwards,
but it was objected to, and the motion lies undis-
posed of to this hour.
Mr. IVERSON. Will thi} Senator allow me
to interrmjt him for a moment? «
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. IVERSON, The remarks of the Senator
from Tennessee would leave the impression that
the Senate was opposed to the passage of any
resolution of the nature which he suggested. The
history of the case.is, that, before he made that
proposition from the Committee on Navatl Affairs,
1 had introduced a resolution to institute a special
committee of the Senate, with power to send for
persons and papers, to make this very investiga-
tion. It therefore became a contest between his res-
olution and mine, and both were finally dropped,
by the consent of the movers, as I understood.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Th&xesolution
of the Senator from Georgia was introduced on
the 29th of February, ten days preceding that of
the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. IVERSON. Exactly—that was my rec-
ollection. Those who agreed with me preferred
the resolution which I introduced because we did
believe—at least I did, and I think many of those
who acted with me—that the Committee on Naval
Affairs was an unsafe depositary of such a power,
because we thought they were prejudiced in this
case, and had prejudged the whole matter. For
this reason, I thought the subject should not be
submitted to them.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I fully understood
it, and I felt it at the same time. The same dis-
trust of the fairness of the intentions of the com-
mittee, has existed in the Senate ever since on the
'part of the opponents of Ulg proceedings of the
naval board. I did not remember how the priority
of the two propositions was, but I knew that if the
remarks which I submitted on the occasion of
the presentation of the resolution authorizing the
committee to send for persons and papers, are
to be found in th,e reports of the Senate, it will be
perceived that I alluded to the distrust of the
fidelity of the Naval Committee which had been
manifested in the Senate; and I said that, if the
Senate thought,proper to adopt the resolution
offered by the honorable Senator from Georgia,
in justice to njiyself, in vindication of my own
self respect, I would serve no longer on that com*
mittee. That sentiment has existed ever since,
and I am glad that the. Senator from Georgia has
given me the proper occasion to speak of it as I
think; and I pronounce it now, so far as I know
the opinions and dispositions of that com-
mittee, to be wholly unfounded and unjust. I
may say that I would have considered the adop-
tion of the Senator's resolution an insult to the
Committee on Naval Affairs. I thought so at the
time, and that nothing but the strongest possible
grounds could justify such a proposition as that
offered by the Senator from Georgia.
It is known, sir, that I have not been an advo-
cate for all the proceedings of the board. I have
not been one of their staunchest supporters. I
i have not looked on their proceedings and findings
i as just and proper in all cases. I have exonerated
them from the imputations which have been cast
on them of having acted willfully, arbitrarily,
oppressively, and tyrannically in the exercise of
j their powers; but at the same time 1 have said
; that they belonged to humanity, and that they
1 may have, been actuated in many cases by the
feelings incident to all human tribunals. I have
not!, sustained the board in everything they have
done. It' is proper for me to state, in this con-
nection, that the Committee on Naval Affairs as a
body have not sustained the board. The bill
which they have reported shows this fact. Those
who think proper to make the inquiry will find
that the committee, Ijaving been charged by the
' most strenuous and earnest advocates of the pro-
ceedings under the act of 1845, entertain the
opinion that the committee have taken a course
calculated to do injustice to the naval bosrd.
i Gentlemen have found fanlt with the committee
on that ground. The bill is framed upon the
assumption that the naval board have committed
errors which call , for legislative proceedings to
correct them,
'■ I have stated, that although the" resolution of
the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iversost] was
introduced,on the 29th February, and mine on
the 11th March, a majority of the Senate refused
to give to the Committee on Naval Affairs power
to send for persons and papers; and so the matter
rested for some months, when the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Iverson] declined to press his res-
olution further, on the ground that he preferred
the measure proposed by his colleague. The
Committee on Naval Affairs were greatly embar-
rassed and retarded in the investigation of the
| cas<3, to which I have before referred, for the
. warrt of the authority to send for persons and
