1154
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 4,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Elliott.
Ho. op Reps.
ship could be landed upon one of the British West 1
India Islands, by which the balance of the mas- i
ters saved their lives, but lost their negroes. And 1
whilst an effort was being made by this Govern- ;
ment to induce Great Britain to deliver up these
slaves, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings]
moved some number of resolutions, from which '
I will qupte the following: I
" Resolved, That slaveiy, being an abridgment of the nat-
ural rigfats of man, can exist only by force of positive mu-
nicipal law, and is necessarily confined to the territorial
jurisdiction of the power creating it.
"6th. That when the brig Creole, on her late passage to
Hew Orleans, left the territorial jurisdiction of Virginia, the
bIovt laws of that State ceased to bave jurisdiction over
the persons (slaves) on board said brig, and sucb persons ;
became amenable only to the laws of the United States.
" 7th. That the persons (slaves) on board said brig, in
resuming their natural rights of personal lil>erty,violated
bo taw of the United Sates, incurred no legal penalty, and
are justly liable to no punishment.
" 8th. That all attempts to regain possession of, or reen-
slavt; said persons, are unauthorized by the Constitution
and laws of the United Slates, and are incompatible with ,
our national honor."
Here, sir, mutiny and murder are justified. \
Here, sir, it is proclaimed to be " incompatible
with national honor" to bring back, for trial and
punishment, some negroes whose hands were
then almost reeking with the blood of their mur-
dered master. Here it is asserted that if, by the
foulest murder and assassination and murder, a i
■lave escapes from the dominion of his master,
he " violates no law, incurs no legal penalty, and
is justly liable to no punishment.
When these resolutions were read, the House
was shocked by their inhumanity, and a howl of
indignation went through it against their brutal
author. A motion, amid great excitement, was
made to lay the resolutions on the table.. The
yeas and nays being called, Mr. Fillmore voted
nay with Adams, Slade, &e.
On the same day, Mr. Botts,of Virginia, offered
'a resolution censuring Mr. Giddings, and, among
other things in the preamble, states:
" And whereas mutiny and murder are justified [in Gid-
dihgs'8 resolutions] in terms shocking to all sense of law,
order, and humanity: Therefore
" Resolved, That this House holds the conduct of the
■aid member [Giddings] as altogether unwarranted and
unwarrantable, and deserving tbe severe condemnation of
die people of this country, and of this body in particular."
Mr. Fillmore voted against suspending the rules
'of this House to allow these resolutions to be of-
fered; and afterwards, when they were offered by
Mr. Weller, of Ohio, Mr. Fillmore voted against
them with the Abolitionists, Adams, Slade, <fec.;
but they passed the Hoase, and Giddings there-
upon resigned. Now, you see, Mr. Chairman,
that Mr. Giddings offered a resolution which jus-
tified slaves in obtaining their freedom by the
slaughter and assassination of their masters. Mr.
Fillmore justifies the resolution by voting against
the censure of its inhuman author. But this is
not all: some years ago', two Abolitionists, Dray-
ton and Sayres, stole some seventy negroes from
this District, put them in a Boat, and floated off
upon the bosom of the Potomac with these stolen
bondmen. They were pursued, caught, indicted,
found guilty, and thrown into prison in default of
of the payment of a fine of about $18,000, assessed
against them. Mr. Fillmore, as one half of the
fine was coming to the informers against them,
doubted his power to release the prisoners, (he
being President,) when Mr. Charles Sumner, of
Massachusetts, (of Brooks notoriety,) the most
notorious Abolitionist in this country, counseled
with him, and agreed to make him a written ar-
gument on the subject. The argument was made,
and Mr. Fillmore's power made clear, I presume,"
as he thought, for tne negro-thieves were imme-
diately released, to go forth and plunder the South
of their property.
Instead of asking the opinion of Mr. Critten-
deu, his Attorney General, who was employed
by the Government to instruct him in his legal
duties, President Fillmore relies and aets upon
the opinion of a man who,crazy with fanaticism,
would, as a judge or juror, release a man were
he to steal every negro in the South. In short,
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Fillmore veted and acted
with Giddings, Adams, Slade, and others of the
rankest Abolitionists, during his whole congres-
sional career. His Erie letter is as ultTa against
slavery as anything ever written by Giddings.
But, Mr. Chairman, I must hurry to; I m«
that the gallant and eloquent Democratic candi-
date for the Vice Presidency is fiercely assailed
in his own State by the Know Nothing party,
for having voted for the homestead bill—a bill
giving to each citizen or resident, who has de-
clared his intention to become such, one hundred
and sixty acres qf land, provided said citizen or
resident had actually resided on and cultivated
said land for five consecutive years. Hence you
see, that the bill for which Mr. Breckinridge
voted required not only citizenship, or a declara-
tion of intention to become such, but it required
the foreigner to reside on and become the actual
cultivator of the soil for five consecutive years,
before he could partake of its benefits. He
voted, after the foreigner had become a perma-
nent resident among us, filed his declaration of
intention to become a- citizen, showed the daring
and courage to encounter all the perils and vicis-
situdes of frontier life, and who had become a
farmer and cultivated the soil for five years, to
reward him for his pioneer life, his change of tbe
howling wilderness in agricultural fields, his
hardships and dangers, and his industry as a cul-
tivator of the soil, by donating him the farm that
he had redeemed from the savages and wild
beasts. Sir, 1 gave the same vote last Congress,
and the Know Nothings set up a howl of denun-
ciation throughout my district against me for it;
but the people thought that a foreigner who had
solemnly determined to become a citizen of this
Government, and had evidenced his determina-
tion by penetrating the western wilderness, risk-
ing his life amid its savages and wild beasts,
caused the forest to retire before his implements
of husbandry, and devoted his head, his heart,
and his stalwart arm to the civilization and build-
ing up of the mighty West, was entitled to the
hundred and sixty acres of land upon which he
had toiled and wasted his energies for five years t
because, at the end of that period, he would be
entitled to his naturalization papers under exist-
ing laws any way; and as the death-rattles are
now in the throat of the Know Nothing party,
there is but little danger of any material cnange
of said laws. If the foreigners are generally
criminals, paupers, and vagrants, as charged by
the sworn party, the homestead bill would do
them no good.
But let us look at Mr. Fillmore's record on the
same subject.
On the 27th September, 1850, he signed the
Oregon homestead bill, which gave " to every
white settler, or occupant, of the public land,
American half-breed Indians included, above the
age of eighteen years, beinga citizen of the United
States, or having made a declaration according to
law of his intention to become a citiisen," and
who had resided on the land fbur consecutive
years, if a single man, three hundred and twenty
acres; and if married, six hundred and forty acres
of land; and if a foreigner died after settlement
on the land, and filing his declaration of intention
to become a citizen, but before he became nat-
uralized, the land went to his heirs or devisees.
He, therefore, proposed to give away to a single
foreigner twice, and a married foreigner four
times as much land as the bill for which Breck-
inridge voted. But Mr. Fillmore's record in favor
of foreigners does not stop here. On the 2d day
of March, 1853, two days before he retired from
the presidential chair, he signed a bill organizing
the Territory of Washington, and the following
provision fixes the qualification of the voters in
said Territory:
*' Provided, That the right of suffrage, and of holding of-
fice, .shall be exercised only by citizens of tbe United States
above the age of twenty-one years, and those abov-i that
age who 'shall liave declared on oath their intention to be-
come such, and shall have taken an oath to support tbe
Constitution of the United States, and the provisions of this
act."
Here, sir, no oath of allegiance is required—
no absolving him from his allegiance to foreign
kings, princes, powers, popes, and potentates is
required of the foreign voter or officeholder in
Washington Territory. By the provisions of this
bill, if a foreigner has been in tne United States
ten days—has filed his declaration of intention to
become a citizen—taken an oath to support the
Constitution and the Washington Territory law
—and was a citizen of the Territory at the pas-
sage of the law—he is not only a legal -voter,
whether be be a "foreign criminal or pauper," or
an honest man—but he is eligible to any office of
honor or profit to be filled in said Territory. And
these high privileges were conferred upon him by
a law approved and signed by President Fillmore,
now the Know Nothing candidate for the office he
then held.
Mr. Chairman, I almost sicken at recounting
the inconsistencies of Mr. Fillmore and his de-
luded followers. Mr. Breckinridge is persecuted
all over the Union, and I am hunted down with
passion and vindictiveness all over my district,
for voting to give the hardy pioneer who toils on
his few acres five years, and assists to enlarge
the area of civilisation, one hundred and sixty
acres of land, because foreigners are included in
the bill; whilst the candidate of these same per-
secutors gave vitality to two congressional enact-
ments—one of which authorizes the unnaturalized
foreigner to settle on our public domain with a
view to acquiring a homestead, and if he die*
before naturalization, gives it to his family; and
the other makes the unnaturalized foreigner not
only a voter, but makes him eligible to the highest
and most lucrative offices in one of our Territo-
ries. And yet this self-styled American party
cry out " Americans must rule America." Mr.
Fillmore ruled America by conferring the right
of suffrage and holding office on foreigners; and
now the very party whose candidate he is bit-
terly denounce, oppose, and pursue the Demo-
cratic party, because its mem&ers refuse to make
a man's birthplace a crime,/or which he shall
be excluded from the privileges of a freeman.
Most boys are too young to direct the place of
their births; and if a foreigner, fettered by despot-
ism, and bowed down by the tyranny of royalty
in his panting for freedom, throws himself upon
ocean's waves, and by them is carried to the land
consecrated to freedom by the rich blood of our
sires, I am in favor of surrounding him with the
egis of the Constitution, and after a residence
sufficient to enable him to understand our lan-
guage, and the character of our institutions, con-
fer on him the privileges for which he pants, and
for which he deserted friends, birthplace, and the
land of his nativity forever; and I think the pres-
ent law upon that subject a very good one if its
provisions are properly enforced.
Mr. Chairman, I have said more than I ought
to have said about the Know Nothing party, foir
it is my honest conviction that its standard-
bearers will not carry a single State in this Union.
This political battle is between the Democratic
and the Black Republican parties; it is a battle
between the Union and its enemies; it is a battle
between fanaticism and constitutional liberty.
The Black Republican party are endeavoring to
destroy, and the Democratic party to preserve,
that Constitution which came into existence red
with the blood of our revolutionary sires, and
bedewed with the tears of the widows and orphans
of those murdered patriots. The Black Repub-
lican party is resolved to eradicate slavery from
American soil by congressional legislation, and
the Democratic party, planting itself upon the
Constitution, denies that Congress possesses the
power to interfere with slavery either in the States
or Territories. Fremont, with but little political
experience, and less patriotism, is the standard-
bearer of the northern Free-Soil, Know Nothing,
and Black Republican parties, who aim at the
overthrow of the Republic, and whose triumph
would accomplish it, I very much fear.
The leaders of this party say the Constitution
is a league with hell. One of their leaders, The-
odore Parker, says, in a public speech:
"Rather than one more fugitive slave shonld be sent
back, I would let the Union be broken into fragments no
larger than the space upon which this building stands.''
Another one of their great spirits, at their June
convention, (James Watson Webb,') stated that
they would try the ballot-box against slavery,
and says:
" If we fail there, what then ? We'will .drive it back
sword in hand; and, so help me God, believing that to be
right,' 1 am with them. [Loud cheers, and cries of
'Good!']"
The convention that nominated Mr. Fremont
cheered these treasonable sentiments. The stand-
ard-bearer of the Democratic party is James
Buchanan. The platform upon which he stanut
