1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
34th Con0....1st Sess.
Homestead Bill—Mr. Branch.
Ho. or Reps.
denies to Congress the power to legislate on the
question of slavery in the States or Territories,
or to abolish the same in this District, indorses
the Kansas-Nebraska lull, and authorizes the
people of those territories in their State constitu-
tions, preparatory to admission into the Union,
to settle the question of slavery for themselves.
What could his more just than to leave this ques-
tion to those who are to be affected either for
weal or wo by the decision they may render ?
This platform made at Cincinnati by the Demo-
cratic party is perfectly consistent with the past
record of Mr. Buchanan. He has for thirty-odd
rears stood here, and in the other wing of this
Capitol,and voted against the prayer of all aboli-
tion petitions. He has voted and made speeches
against all petitions for the abolition of slavery
in this District. He presented the bill to admit
the slave State of Arkansas into the Union; and
the last crowning act of his senatorial career was
his eloquent effort to add the lone and weeping
star of Texas to the bright galaxy that illumines
the Republic. His enemies, unable to find him
on the record in favor of Free-Soil or abolitionism,
host back forty years, and think they find him
at a county meeting in Pennsylvania where Free-
Soil resolutions are passed, knit this tarns out to
be a falsehood and a calumny. Fillmore, in his
Erie letter, opposes the annexation of Texas so
long as slaves are held therein, and advocates the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia.
Buchanan, when those questions come up, exerts
all the power of his mighty intellect in favor of
the annexation of the former, and die retention
«f slavery in the latter.
Buchanan, on the slavery question, votes with
Clay, Calhoun, McDuf&e, Crittenden, &e.; Fill-
more votes with Adams, Giddings, Slade( and
other ultra Abolitionists. True, Mr. Fillmore
signed the compromise measures of 1850,-which
had but one measure favorable to the South in
them, and that waste carry out a plain provision
of the Constitution which he bad sworn to sup-
port; and yet it is said he did not sign the bill till
forced to do so by the opinion of his Attorney
General of its constitutionality^
Mr. Chairman, it is now settled that Mr. Fill-
more can carry no northern State; and that all he
can do is, by carrying southern States, to bring
the election into this House. I do not believe!
any great portion of the South are going te threw
their votes away, when their homes, their prop-
erty, their firesides, and the Union they so much
love, are staked upon the issue. Sit, it is even
■aid by some of the Know Nothings that Ken-
tucky will go against Pennsylvania Vgreat states-
man, Buchanan, and Kentucky's young, bril-
liant, chivalrous, and beloved son, Breckinridge.
Never! What! beat J. C. Breckinridge in Ken-
tucky ! No, sir, his native State too well remem-
bers that, whether at the head of his gallant
Kentucky troops on the bloody fields of Mexico,
or at his post here, as- the Representative of the
Ashland district, he has reflected luster upon her
escutcheon, and added additional renown to the
nation. Kentucky loves him, because he is able,
brilliant, honest, and eloquent; his private char-
acter without a stain, ana his public career ani-
mated by the plaadits of admiring millions.
Kentucky feels that she is honored by such a
son, and she does not intend to destroy him in
his youth and usefulness. Sir, a wild enthusiasm
will pervade the Democracy of Kentucky for the
Union they worship,.and for a loved' Son, whose
fame, though he is yet young in years, more than
compasses the Union he is struggling to preserve
«ad perpetuate.
HOMESTEAD BELL.
SPEECH OF HON. L. O'B. BRANCH,
of worth carolina,
Is THB House or RsPRmKNTATITES,
August 2,1656.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
Hate of the Union— ,
Mr. BRANCH (aid:
Mr. Chaiuiaim The various bills and other
papers that have beta referred to the Commit-
tee of .the Whole on the state of the Union,' lay
open before us the whole field of American pol-
itics. Under the rules of the House, I hare a
right to discuss any or all of them, or, passing
them all by, to introduce and discuss subjects
which are not now, have never been, and may
never be, before Congress for its action.
In the exercise of this broad right of unre-
stricted debate, it seems to suit the tastes and
purposes of gentlemen on the other side of the
House, to overlook the manifold, great, and im-
portant subjects about which it is our duty to
legislate, and to leave great national interests to
be regulated withoot discussion or consideration,
whilst their labor and talents are devoted to irri-
tating the sore places on the body politic, which
they ought rather to strive to heal. Other gen-
tlemen may, if it accords with their taste and their
sense of duty, devote themselves to the task of
exciting the public mind on the subject of slavery;
I will not discuss with them rights of my constit-
uents over which they have no jurisdiction, and
of which we do not intend that they shall deprive
us. Our domestic institutions are our own, and
subject to our own control. In as far as those
institutions are legitimately affected by the Con-
stitution under which we came into the Union,
they have been sufficiently discussed and are as
clearly understood as any amount of discussion
can make them.
Willing as I am to leave the argument where it
is,and believing, as I do, that the agitation of the
subject ib in itself a great injury to us—an injury
from which we have a right to be exempted, and
to the continuance and increase of which we ought
not to contribute by engaging in discussion, I,
for one* will not engage in any discussion of the
slavery question on this floor.
I assume no1 right to prescribe a course for
ethers having the same object in view that I have,1
nor would i reproach them if thei* judgements
should lead them to pursue a different course;
but, asking- no more'than our elear and indisput-
able rights under the Constitution, it is my con-
viction that we ought to make known our fixed
determination to submit to no aggression, and
that, whenever the occasion may arise,' ho pttty
at the Smith will stop to inqnire whether we have
a constitutional right to secede, and thereafter
refrain from adding ftjel t*> an ag?itati6rt which, in
itself, is fraught with greater evil' to tts thah Any
other our assailants can inflict on us.
Ifjoiy gentleman on the other side diflters froni
me in regard to the power of Congrtes over, 6r
the rights of• citizens of the States itt^ the Terri-
tories ,1 refer him to the debates in Congress from
1846 to 1851, and the debates on the Kansas and
Nebraska bill in 1854, to which neither he nor I
can hope to add a fact or an argument. If he
wishes to discuss with me the right or the wrong,
the evils or the advantages, of slaveholding, I
deny the jurisdiction of this body over the sub-
ject-matter, and refuse to plead before it. If he
wishes to convince me, or to convince others,
that shareholding makes me, intellectually or
morally,'his inferior, or makes me socially, or
otherwise, a worse man than he, we will adjourn
the discussion to some place more fitting for him
to jgive, and for me to receive, the insult;
This, sir, is all the speech I have to make on
this floor on the subject of slavery.
During the time allowed me by the rules of the
Honse, I propose to present my views, Mr.
Chairman, of the homestead bill, reported at ah
early day in die session, and standing almost at
the bead of the calendar of the Committee of the
Whole.
The bill proposes to give to41 any person who
is the head of a family, or who has arrived at the
age of twenty-one years, and is a citizen of the
United States, or who shall haver filed his inten-
tion to become such, as required by the natural-
ization laws of the United States," one hftndred
and sixty acres of land out of the pul>tie domain
firee of charge, and on condition that he will settle
on it and occupy it continuously for fi ve years.
I pronounce it a most gigantic schertne of con-
fiscation and agr&rianism, Brought forward under
circumstances, and invested with features, which
give it preeminence over the temporary expedi^
ents by which conquerors have rewarded their
followers and punished their enemies, and alto-
gether surpassing those timid, dubibus, half-con-
cealed ana half-disguised sugar-pluma thrown
out by Roman demagogues to control the popu-
lace of the city. The history of the world would
be searched in vain for a parallel measure.
When England was conquered by the Norman,
he divided amongst his followers only the lands
of those he adjudged enemies of the State. And
even they were not bestowed gratuitously nor
solely as a reward for past services, but in con-
sideration of onerous and valuable services to be
rendered in the future. When the revolutionary1
Government of France confiscated the estates of
the emigrants, whom it had declared outlaws and
traitors, the proceeds of the estates were sacredly
applied to public uses, and they, whose deeds of
blood and violence had made them a terror to
Europe, passed no homestead law, giving the
national domain to the lawless and hungry fol-
lowers and instruments, on whose favor and sup-
port their own lives depended. In every instance
in which private property has been seized, or
public property appropriated to private use, a
great crime, or a great State necessity, or emi-
nent services rendered to the public, nave been
urged in justification of the measure. Now, for
the first time, it is proposed, on no pretense of
services rendered or to oe rendered to the public,
to abandon to the first comer the whole public
domain, exceeding in the number of its acres the
highest numbers known to our arithmetical nu-
meration, and in pecuniary value going beyond
all computation. In this we would follow the
example of no civilized Government, nor of any
nation recognizing the rights of property. The
barbarians who overran the Roman empire, and
the fierce Tartar who swept over Asia, adopted
the polity of* this bill—donations Of land to their
followers—as the means of recruiting their bands
from every quarter of the world. These are the
rulers, and the1 only rulers, whose example we
would follow. They adopted it because they had
no mopey with which to pay. We are urged to
adopt it; because we have an overflowing Treas-
ury. They adopted it as a means of building up
their power. "We are called on to adopt it when
our power is fully established. With them it
introduced friends into a hostile country. With
us it would introduce strangers—Aortes—into our
own country. They plundered their enemies for
the benefit of their friend*,- We wotfld strip our-
selves ttf# the benefit of stttm^ers. In every point
of vie1#, ifrWethfer 'looking to abstract justice or
sound policy, I submit that the barbariah would
have the' advantage of us. He was a military
despot. • His imperious wrtl was subjected to
none of the restraints of laws and constitutions,
and he was exercising only the acknowledged
rights of a conqueror over the conquered people.
He never professed with hypocritical cant that
his policy would benefit the people whom he
plundered. Proclaiming that' < might made right,''
he left it to the astute lawyer statesmen of a great
civiKzed republic to reconcile his policy to justice
and written law.
This- bill, beaming with all the lights of modern
philosophy, is the first step, I'suppose, towards
introducing communism and socialism, and the
thousand other crude ideas of social reform which
are constantly rising in bubbles, to burst on the
surface, from the very bottom of the cesspools
of agitation, which lie about the low places in
society, and is to inaugurate the "Voteiyourself*
a-farm" system of political economy. "Give
and take/' the principle of compromise, is said
to lie at the foundation of all our political institu-
tions. " Take and give" is hereafter to be the
order of the day; and the world's maxims, as
well as its morals, must be altered to suit the
teachings of the new school.
- Mr. Chairman, I respect the advocates of this
bill. I regret it is so, but amongst them I recog-
nize some of the purest statesmen of the country.
Their motives are above suspicion. Bat not the
least objection to the bill is the aid and comfort
and encouragement it would give to a class who
are only not dangerous because their doctrines
are repulsive te the- great mass of the people of
this country; Letroe show, gentlemen, in what
association we find the idea embodied in this bill.
I have before me a printed handbill, which I
received through the mail, designed, perhaps, to
