1156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 2,
34tH Conq....1st Sess.
Homestead Bill—Mr. Branch.
Ho. of Reps.
influence me be vote for this bill. Other members
of the House have no doubt received copies. It
is as follows: ' -
They that won't wont, neither should they eat.
Labor is the duty of all.
Guardianship for the Improndent and Helpless, but no
Slavery.
Declaration of the Radical Political Abolitionists of Bur-
lington, Vermont, and PTcinity.
In the year of our Lord la1® and of the Independence of
these United States the eightieth, Man, Women, and Chil-
dren are liel.il as Slaves, and are bought and sold as Prop-
erty, notwithstanding, the evident intentiQp of our Revolu-
tionary Fathers to establish Liberty, and that involuntary
servitude then existing should soon cease, and contrary to
the express language of our Declaratiotf of Independence
and Constitution ot our CJovernuienl, therefore, we declare
uncompromising hostility to any recognition of,the Prin-
ciple that Man can be property, and we will not cease j
usingactive efforts, active prayers, and active political influ-
ence to procure its immediate abolishment, by either judi-
cial decision or legislative euacUnfitt. We are impelled to
this Declaration, not because persons, held as slaves are
happy or unhappv, well used ot abused, protected or unpro- ,
tected, loved or haled, their intellect enlarged or dwarfed,
and not because persons holding others as slaves are safe
•r unsafe, just or unjust, provident or improvident, kind or
cruel, patient or passionate, philanthropic or misanthropic,
(though we doubt not these negatives largely preponderate
«pSerer«rand n'Aenwer man is held as property,) but because
the theoretical and practical admission that Man can be
enslaved, is detrimental to our highesfrtevelopments as intel-
lectual, religious, moral, and spiritual beings, destructive of
our Peace, Prosperity, and Happiness ; it fosters Pride,
Arrogance, Idleness, Imbecility, and Servility; It begets
Bickerings, Jealousies, Misunderstandings, and Animosi-
ties between different classes of the human race; it is void
of all that is desirable among men, law, justice, reason, and
common sense. •
We further declare, that all men are entitled to a portion
of the earth, that not only is man naturally endowed with
right to Life, Liberty, Air and Water, but to the Soil, from
Which must be produced the elements of life. The present
practical withholding of a man's right to the soil, is assim-
ilated to the withholding of man's right to bimself, and to
it is justly chargeable most of the evils, clftrgeahteito ti'O
other, with the difference against it, that the subjects of
it must either beg, steal, Or starve. We will seetj; its abolish-
ment, bv procuring Legislative enactments, to the effect
that Public Land shall be made free in limited quantities to
actual settlers, and that the quantity of tend to be obtained
by any one individual hereafter shall be limited.
We hereby pledge ourselves to each other and to the
world, that we will wage continuous and perpetual warfare,
with all persons, parties and governments, until they put
themselves in a condition, as far as in them lies, to restore
to man his Liberty and his Rights.
, We fcnow no East, West, North or South.
"No pent up Utica contracts our powers,
1 The whole unbounded Universe is ours."
■. Donations to the Society (however smalL) wilt be thanks
fully received and faithftilly expended.
JOllJV W. FOREST, Burlington, Treasurer.
This, is the platform of the. repeal political
Abolitionists: ,
. " They that wont work, neither should they,flat."
Inasmuch as the platform does not propose to
give man anything but liberty and land, neither
of which can be eaten, we are not at liberty to
take the motto as inconsistent with the platform,
however much it may, at a glance, appear to be
so. The motto must shadow forth the establish-
ment of a great work-house, in which, under the
wild and charitable and merciful discipline of
wtch beqevolent individuals as these radical Abo-
litionists show themselves to be,.a " man's right
to himself' and his food may be withheld until
he has performed a fair day s work. A slight
amendment would make this plank unexception-
able: " They that won't work, neither should
they have land." •
It is distressing to know that the existence of
slavery is SO' "destructive of ourftheir^-peace,
prosperity,-aifd happiness." rThey ought.sot ta
be, so-unhappy about things so far on,"and so
tittle concerning them, as slavery is from. .Ver-
mont, If they do not more " mind their own
business, and let alone that of others"-~if they
do not conduct themselves more like M religious,
moral, and spiritual beings," and less like-slan-
derers and backbiters of persons and institutions
of which they know nothing—1 am afraid they
will, fall into the clutches of a worse demon than
slavery-
in v*ew.«>f the " beg, steal, or starve," plank of
the .platform, the housekeepers of " Burlington,
Vermont, and vicinity," should not fail to 16ek.
their doors and guard their valuables. A party
discoursing thus flippantly about a ,high and irrfan
jnous crime against society, and advertising the
world- that,, in their-opinion, the mechanic, the
Bnanufacturer, the - merchant, the professional
wan, and that large and virtuous class who own
no portion of the soil, "must either beg, steal,
or starve," must think it, at least, innocent-to
steal. Whether such an infamous sentiment
springs from fanaticism, or from the moral obli-
quity which they are so Teady to charge upon
others, the promulgators, of it ought at least to be
placed under the surveillance of the police.
They talk about restoring to man " his liberty
and his rights!" What rights did these* infidel
agitators ever respect ? What guarantees do they
recognise as sacred ? Reeking from thei infamous
orgies, in which God,and the Bible,our glorious
Constitution, and everything we hold dear and
sacred, have been denounced, they talk about |
restoring to man his liberty and his rights! They '
mean the liberty.to steal, and the right to slander.
What, is to be the effect on the morals and habits 1
Qf our people of such a measure ?
When it was proposed to grant pensions to the ]
worn out and feeble remnant of the patriots who j
had fought our revolutionary battles, it was de-
nounced by many of our best statesmen as cat- :
culated to destroy the lofty spirit which should
characterize a free people. . Such was the sense
of independence then prevailing, that many who
were entitled to claim pensions, went, down to
their.graves too proud to ask for them. Their
stern pride made them prefer to drag out their
days in humble poverty, rather than accept what '
they improperly denominated alms - from the I
Treasury. !
With those sturdy patriots to whose virtuous
independence we are hidebted for our liberties*,
such ideas and such feelings have passed away.
Their descendants have long since draw*, the1,
bounty their fathers scorned to touch; and the wit
of man having exhausted every pretext and expe-
dient for swelling the arrears, a horde of sturdy- ,
beggars aewconstantly crowd around these Malls
clamOrdng for new bounties, gratuities,-and -pen**
sionsy whilst wiry lawyers are purauing un con-
scious claimants all over the country, and be-
sieging tht Treasury for new allowances onanti-
quated claims, j
For military services rendered by its citizens,
no Government pays more liberally at the time the
service is rendered than does this. And no people
more profusely shower hanors on those who have
served them in the field. We. Should, not • give
grudgingly.to ijftft eld WNi infirm, who have served
us in.wRr,t«i pittanQe to. preserve thew.ift their old
age. But the. iidler ana the speculator have no
just' claim to share the prop of old .age and in-
firmity; and the pertinacity-with which pensions
and bounties are sought by those who are able to
earn a livelihood by the sweat of the brow, is a
prpof how much the habits and feelings of a wh ole
people may be changed by legislation. Occasional
bounties conferred by law on special considera-
tions, soon get to be constantly expected and dif-
fidently relied on. The just pride of a free and
independent people is undermined. And in a frefe
government, the suffrages of the beneficiaries con-
stitute an enormous corruption -fund-, which, will
be unscrupulously, wielded by the holders, insti-
gated- by interested expectants and speculators,
and unblushingly, drawn upoo by political as-
pirants,
If such an . effect has resulted from pensioning
a few old.soldiers; what may we not expect OOm
this profuse and indiscriminate measure, giving a
bounty, a gratuity, without a pretense of service
rendered-or to-be. rendered) to every body who
will take it?. >
Having once given a taste of wealth .acquired
without work > and accustomed the idle and disso-
lute to look to the Government for bounties and
gratuities, where is -the system- to stop* Who
can say that it is proper to give one hundred and
sixty acres of land, and improper to give two hun-
dred, or fivw hundred ?. Who can say that the
farmer .has a jusjt claim oa the Government for a
farm <5ut of itsi domain, that he may have the
means to work, and at the same time deny the
mechanic the privilege of having his tools—the
indispensable implements of his tirade,-made and
j repaired at the pubiic work-shops? He displays
i but small knowledge of human nature, who sup-
poses that one hundred and sixty acres of land
will appease the cormorant appetite this bill will
I excite, and still less observation of the eumula-
I tive course of legislation - in all matters enlisting
extensive individual interests, who supposes that
it will stop short of that point at which burdens
cease to be tolerable, and- aire thrown off by
revolution. The farm will be added to from time
to time, and indefinitely enlarged. Other classes
will claim compensating advantages, and short-
sighted politicians will revel in ill-gotten popu-
larity, until the great masses, who live by labor
and toil, asking, expecting, and receiving nothing
from the Government, groaning under the ex-
actions, visit upon their plunderers a terrible
retribution. • . ■ v ■ ■
My constituents, Mr. Chairman, do not want
western land. Thank God! they have realized
the folly of leaving even their poor eoiintry to go
to one that may be worsS. Btit they are greatly
in want of negroes to improve the homestead
where thejf are. And if-a general division of the
assets is to be made, or the Government is "to
secure h omesteads to actual settlers'' everywhere,''
I shall claim for my constituents the privilege of
commuting. In-an economical point of view, to
secure the old homestead, and prevent it from'
tumbling down, is at least as important as to build'
a new-one, and, in point of time, ought to have
priority.
• This bill makes no discrimination between the
patriot and the traitor; between the virtuous and
the vicious; between the native born and the for-
eigner; between Washington and Arnold; be-
tween him who has served his country and him
who has betrayed it. The vicious and. turbulent
idlers, and the reckless adventurers, who have no
home, and --Arho' recognize no ties, and whose
crimes perhaps compel them to leave the scene#
of their vices, are authorized to take out of the
public property one hundred and sixty acres of
land; whilst the sober and industrious citizen,
whose home is the reward of a lifetime of labor,
can receive nothing, because lie will not abandon
it, and the graves of his ancestors, and move to
a new and unknown country. Not only that,'
but poor as he may be, he must submit to an1
additional tax to make good the "deficit in the
i public Treasury caused by giving away the public
! property. Such a law I can never support, be-
| cause it is a discrimination in favor of vice
' against virtue.
But,' Mr. Chairman, in addition to thegreatpub-
lic questions connected with this bill, and anect-
1 iwg the -Whole people of the country, it Undertakes
j to establish private rights of property as between
I citizen' and citizen, upon' the validity of which
| the judicial tribunals of the " country will be
called upon to decide. The fourth section of the
bill provides:
! " " That all lands acquired under die provisions of this act
! shall in no event become liable to the satisfaction of1 any
j debt or debts contracted prior to the issuing the patent
j therefor."
! I hold this attempt to exempt the property of
; a citizen from liability for the payment of all his
debts, to be elearly a violation of the' Constitu-
| tion. Many of the States of the Unioh have,
; at various times,-attempted' by sta'y> and relief'
j laws', and other phases of the same devifee, to
enable debtors to enjoy their property in dBfiftnce
of their creditors. They have never been defertded
except as expedients for affording a Tittle tempo-
rary relief to a hard pressed people, whilst the
1 slow machinery of the courts was removing-the
; obstruction they interposed in the way of legal
process- The Supreme Oourt of the-'TJhited
. States, and-the courts of'last, resort,' it  many of
the States, have, over (Wil ttWr again, annulled
: them as unconstitutional, on thteground thatthey'
I "impair the obligation of contracts." I need
1 not to b^told that most, if not all, of the States
; exempt from sale under execution, a few imple-
1 ments of household industry, wearing apparel,
! and implements of trade, to a limited amount,
i In. passing, upon lhe .validity of such laws, the
i courts judge from the nature,.value, and amount
| of the exemptions, whether the design or effect
is " tv-impair the obligation of contracts.?' Such
1 laws, when passed by the States, have been de-
clared by .the. Supreme Court to be constitu-
i tionaT. it having been thus well settled that this^
h power, with the limitation alluded to, has been
i reserved to the States, how cart it be pretended
I that it tan he exercised by Congress ! The Su-
II preme Court having decided'that itia amongst
