1158
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL (JJLOBE-
[August %
34th Cohg •••• 1st Sess.
Homestead Bill—Mr. Branch.
Hq, of Reps.
estate, or on some other gronnd, this Govern-
ment would not make itselfliable for the tax that
the State could get from the land if we would put
it within their reach. It may be taken as a fixed
fact that a people to whom you have given all the
land they possess, will not be content to pay the
expenses of their own Government, any more
than a child that has been feasted on sweet-meats
will surrender them for corn bread. And it is
only a matter of interesting speculation, on what
pretext or from what particular fund you are to
provide for the expenses of those hopeful mem-
bers of the Confederacy within whose limits, all
the land shall be holden under and in virtue of this
bill.
As you thai dry up the sources of the revenue
of the States, in which the Government is the
proprietor of the land, so to a still greater extent
you annihilate the individual wealth of the coun-
try. Of course, all land must cease to have any
exchangeable value when this bill has made land
as free as air and water. The untold millions of
accumulated wealth now invested in land, and
heretofore regarded as the most stable of all in-
vestments, is to be suddenly destroyed, and the
owners are to be reduced to poverty. The level-
ing is all to be downward. The landless is not
to be made more wealthy, but the landholder is
to be deprived of his hard-earned wealth. It will
be but one step forward in the same path to make
the smoke-house of the provident free to the idle
and improvident, because, forsooth, according to
the Declaration of Independence, every man is
entitled to the enjoyment of life, liberty, and prop-
erty; and to restrain him from appropriating his
neighbor's meat is " a practical withholding of
his rights," and will compel him " to beg, steal, !
or starve"—-it aot seeming to occur to a certain i
school of philosophers that labor is one of the |
means by which to acquire a livelihood, and that \
property is the legitimate and rightful reward of
patient and. honest industry. The laxgs class of
small landholders, scattered from one end of the
Union to the other, whose land, cultivated by the
labor of their own hands, constitutes their sole
wealth, are as deeply interested in the preserva-
tion of that wealth as is the merchant with his
thousand ships, or the manufacturer with his !
untold spindles. These men do not attend public
meetings, and lay down platforms. Their clamors
for plunder do not ring through the press, nor do
they besiege these Halls for legislation in their
favor. If they are strangers to the plottings of
clubs, and to conspiracies against peace and order,
they are equally without the machinery by which
a small clamor, echoed and reverberated, and
magnified by autistic skill into an uproar of pop-
ular excitement, is made to agitate the country like
an earthquake. Gangs of desperadoes, swarming
from the cellars, ana rallying at the grog-shops
of your towns and cities, making night hideous
with their cries, and filling the newspapers with
their crimes, may impress the senses with a greater
idea of numbers and power than millions of vir-
tuous yeomanry slumbering in their cottages, and
preparing to go forth, and resume the labors that
make sleep refreshing. Immeasurably purer as
is the air of heaven to the tainted atmosphere and
reeking fumes of the cellar and the grog-shop,
thus superior in all the virtues of the citizen and.
the man is the one to the other. The elass whom
this measure will impoverish do not storm the
polls with the bludgeon, or swagger around them
in organized bands. But in their behalf, and that
they may not be reduced to the desperation that
oftener than vice makes deliberate and systematic
criminals, I enter my protest against this wanton
and unbounded destruction of individual and
national wealth. As complete an annihilation of
the wealth of the present owners of land as an
edict of the Government, declaring that hereafter
pebbles picked up from under our feet, or leaves
gathered in the forest, should, as a legal tender,
be equal to° their bulk in gold, would be of the
wealth of the present holders of gold. -
When the large landholders in those States in
which slavery has been abolished, and in which
only hireling labor can be commanded to culti-
vate their farms, find the laborers on whom they
have been accustomed to rely, leaving them and
going West to become landholders themselves,
and when they at length find themselves without
the means of producing bread except by them-
selves taking the plow handles, perhaps some of
them may cease to think slavery so great an evil.
And seeing the facility with which those who
had been foremost of all the world in stealing
Africans and selling them into slavery, became
the most zealous opponents of the institution of
slavery, as soon as the slave trade was declared
piracy, we may not be surprised, in the event of
the passage of this bill, to see slavery reestab-
lished in some of the States in which it has been
abolished; and unless some plan can be devised
to enable white men to enslave one another, we
may have petitions flowing in upon us from the
North for the reestablishment of the slave trade.
Before leaving this portion of the subject, I
desire to call attention to the features of the bill
relating to females. In the first section of the
bill, being the donating section, we find no pro-
vision whatever in favor of females. The femi-
nine pronoun seems to have been carefully ex-
cluded. By the second and remaining sections,
however, "woman's rights" are triumphantly
vindicated, even to the very questionable extent
of permitting a female to secure its benefits by
making affidavit that she is "the head of a
family," although she may never have been
married. It will be the only instance in which
an American Legislature has offered a bonus to
this species of population. But even that will be
better than a total exclusion of females from
the benefit of the law. I presume that the first
section will be made to conform, in respect to
females, to the balance of the bill, and that its ;
friends, whilst aiming to secure a " homestead"
to every man, will not exclude her who is the1]
light and center-point of every home; without
whose magic touch it will not smile and bloom;•:
without whose presence it is but as the cold
floor and rough bewn walls of a prison house;
and without whose beaming smile it is. bereft of
all the enjoyments that make a homestead de-
sirable. !
Again: Congress has passed laws granting
bounty land for services rendered in the wars in
which this country has been engaged. A Com-
paratively small proportion of the warrants have
yet been issued, and a still smaller proportion
have been located. There are probably of war-
rants not yet located enough to-cover twenty-
five millions of acres, worth, at (1 25 per acre,
$31,250,000. The moment you pass this bill the
wholeof those warrants, of course, become worth-
less. Will you, at a blow, destroy this immense
amount of wealth, a large portion of which con-
sists of transferred warrants, purchased and held
on the faith of your legislation ? Of course not.
Simple justice, if not common honesty, would
require you to redeem the unlocated land war-
rants; and thus you will not only give away all
the land now remaining to the Government, but
you must appropriate $31,250,000, to buy back,
to be given away again, that which you have
already given. .
So also with the lands you gave to the Illinois
Central Railroad Company: that company, I am
told, borrowed about thirty millions of dollars
on a mortgage of it. If you destroy the value
of the lands you pretended to give, you must pay
the money advanced on the credit of them. So
with the ten or twenty millions you are giving to
railroads now. You have given section No. 16
in every township, being six hundred and forty
acres in the center of six miles square, to the
people of the township for schools. Millions of
acres are thus held in sacred trust, under your
grant. Who will buy or rent from the people of
the township, if you pass this bill ? So by the
act of 4th of September, 1841, you gave to the
States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Alabama, Mis-
souri, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and
Michigan, half it million of acres each, for in-
ternal improvements; and under the terms of the
same act, Florida, Iowa, Wisconsin, and Cali-
fornia, have since received each an equal quantity,
making in all six and a half millions of acres.
Meet of these lands are yet unsold, in the hands
of the States, and would become valueless.
It is useless to discuss the question as to how
far the Government would be uuder obligations
to pay these incidental, damages. No one can
deubt that it would sooner or later pay them,
ahd that a hundred millions of dollars would
thus be drawn from the. common Treasury in
favor of those very States for whose benefit this
bill is to be passed. My own State has a large
investment in land belonging to her school fund;
but inasmuch as the Government did not give it
to her, but it was raised by taxation on her own
people, no one would think it just to pay her tba
damage she would suffer from this bill.
1 represent here, Mr. Chairman, an agricul-
tural, and, to a large extent, a land-owning con-
stituency; but I hold that labor is honorable, in
whatever way it contributes to the wants or pro-
motes the happiness of the human species. The
Almighty sanctioned the calling of the tiller of
the soil, when he ordained that the earth should
only yield its best fruits to laborious tillage and
careful culture. I go further. In the language
of the paraphrase, adopted as a motto by our
Burlington friends, but in direct conflict with
their aims, "They that won't Work, neither
should they eat." " Labor is the duty of all."
The labor of the agriculturist is honorable, and
its results of the highest individual and national
importance. But, when man was.endowed with
the wit to devise, the cunning hand to construct,
and the skill to use, tools and implements to ren-
der labor easier and more effective, the calling of
the mechanic was equally stamped with the Air
mighty approbation. All the industrial pursuits
in which men engage contribute to the gratifica-
tion or to the wants of the human race; and so
long as no great moral law is infringed, the pro-
portion in which they shall exist is best reguT
fated by the demand for their products. Every
attempt to regulate it by legislative action only
results in deranging machinery too vast and com-
plicated to be controlled by man. In the name
of  y own, and of every class of honest indus-
try I protest against every attempt to indicate by
legislation that , one industrial pursuit is more
honorable than another, and to divert men's en-
ergies from the paths in which their judgments
i lead them to apply them.
; Nor is the destruction of the exchangeable
| value of all the land on the continent, the only,.
! if indeed it is the most serious, pecuniary injury
[ inflicted on the nation' The soil of all the At-
lantic and Gulf States is light and free, yielding
j bountifully when fresh, but quickly exhausted
by injudicious cropping. In the southern lati-
tudes, the hot sun and washing rains of summer,
tend greatly to hasten sterility; and careful cul-
ture and persevering application of manures are
indispensable to preserve in it any degree of fer-
tility. Providence has no where vouchsafed to
i man, soil which can be preserved in fertility
i without the application of manure in some shape
j or other; and we cannot repine if the process of
j exhaustion is more rapid under the generous cli-
| mate with which our country has been favored.
| The application of manure involves an expense,
and a provident care, which no one will incur to
preserve that which has no pecuniary valuer
particularly if he knows that, when one tract, has
been exhausted, he can abandon it and take pos-
session of another free of charge. And if, per-
chance, any inducement remained to improve
what he has, the labftr, by and through which
alone improvement could.be effected, would not
be attainable in those States not having slaves,
i after its hireling population, under the tempataonr
i of this bill, had gone West to become land pro-
j prietors themselves.
| The agricultural interest of the country never
! received such a blow as is aimed at it by thisbill^
j which might be appropriately entitled, " an act to
| rob the soil of its fertility, to encourage careless
! and thriftless cultivation, and to counteract the
i efforts of the agricultural societies of the States."
! To him who had improved the talent entrusted
1 to him, another was given; but from him who
j had not improved, but was spending in riotous
I living,and wastingin idleness, the talent entrusted
| to him, even that which he had was taken away,
i Let the moral of the parable be incorporated into
| the bill. Let not another talent be entrusted to
j him who has already wasted one—let not any.
! benefit accrue under the bill, to a person who has
1 already ruined one tract of land—and one serious
j objection to it will be removed. Thia ?« «« mow*
I speculation in which 1 indulge.
This is no mere
Like causes
