1856]
An*£fti>lX TO GftMG ftf&SlON A& &LGB&
1159
34th Cong •••• 1st Sess.
Homestead Bill—Mr. Brunch.
He. or Reps.
produce like effects," and still more surely does
the same cause produce the same effect. Facta
and experience are before us, and no reasoning
is needed to show what effect this bill would pro-
duce in all the Atlantic and Gulf States of this
Union. It is well known that the policy of the
Government, in selling its land at a price so low
as to be almost nominal, exhibited, early after its
adoption, its natural fruit in the careless and '
reck leas system of cultivation pursued in the old
States. The individual would have been desti-
tute of one of the most common traits of human
nature, who would take the trouble and incur the
present expenditure necessary to preserve the
fertility of the soil, when he knew tnat, as soon
as it ceased to remunerate liim, he could go West
and get fresh land at a price almost nominal.
Cheap land in the West made poor land in the
East. And as surely as man seeks all the present
ease compatible with future comfort, so surely
would this bill bring upon the East sterility and
depopulation.
This would be the longest stride yet taken in
a system of legislation in the management of the
public lands, hostile to the old States, destruc-
tive of their prosperity, and utterly regardless of
their rights. These lands were acquired by the
efforts and the blood and treasure of the whole
people alike; and it is proposed not only to deprive
the States in which there is no public lands, of
all interest in them, but they are to be used to
bribe away from us our population, and drain us
of our resources. Those of our people who have
not the ability or the inclination to leave their
present place of abode, can have no benefit from
them. You trtl the citizen of the old States that,
if he will go West, you will give him one hundred
and sixty acres of land; ana thus our property is
used to bribe from us the population from whom
we derive our taxes, and by which we are entitled
to representation on this floor. The design of
the measure is either to deprive us of our popula-
tion, or a naked proposition to give up the public
lands to foreigners, just arrived in the country.
If it is the former, i protest, against it as an ini-
quitous measure of double robbery. - If it is the
latter, I denounce it as fraught with danger to the
country. W e are already, without any such spe-
cial bounty, receiving foreign population as fast
as we can assimilate it; and, in my judgment, as
fast as is desirable.
The southern Atlantic States seem destined
to be alternately the victims of opposite and con-
tradictory systems of national policy. For a long
period the majority held that the true policy of
the country was to encourage a diversity of pur-
suits amongst the people, and under the fanciful
idea of diversifying the pursuits of industry, of
producing a home market for the surplus produc-
tions of the farm, and of rendering us independ-
ent of foreign countries, we were taxed for the
protection of manufacturers. It was then thought
that too much of the labor and capital of the
country was devoted to agriculture. And we
were victimized, and made to pay the losses in a
losing business, in order to induce a transfer of
capital and labor to its prosecution. Even yet
the old system prevails; and so strong are the in-
terests wrapped up in it, that though the revenues
of the Government are admittedly beyond its
legitimate wants, and all sorts of extravagance
and corruption are resulting from the excess of
money raised out of the people, we hear no prop-
osition from any quarter to reduce the tariff.
Even whilst we continue to be burdened to en-
courage the diversion of labor and capital from
agriculture to other pursuits, a new idea is
evolved from the ever-teeming brain of those
political philosophers who would leave nothing to
be regulated by the great laws of trade and busi-
ness, and by the judgments of men who are in-
terested in their own success. This new idea
teaches that too few of our population are engaged
in agriculture; that the idle and perhaps vicious
landowner is more respectable, or at least a more
desirable citizen, than the industrious mechanic
or manufacturer; that the lazy lord of a few
neglected and uncultivated acres, for which he
never paid, living at his ease at the expense of
his creditors, is more to be prized as a citizen
than the lyird-working carpenter, blacksmith,
mason, or wheelright. The manufacturer who
i;
was bribed, with money extorted from us, to en-
gage in manufacturing,'i£ now to be bribed with
our property to quit it and return tb agriculture.
Having been squeezed from one side, the lemon [
is now to be turned over and squeezed from the
other, in order that every particle Of juice may be
extracted from it.
I am very far from suspecting the gentlemen on
this floor who support this bill of a purpose or
desire to perpetrate such a fraud, and I must at-
tribute it to the system of politics out of which
this and kindred measures of legislation spring.
The advocates of that system, nolding that all
good and evil are proper subjects of legislation,
pursue an imagined good without regard to the
evil they inflict. False philosophy and fallacious
reasoning magnify the good and gloss over the evil.
The Constitution, received axioms of justice and
equality, obvious rights, are reasoned away; pal-
pable wrongs are palliated; and the minority have
no protection, save in the forbearance of a fanat-
ical selfishness that can conceive of no wrong in
anything that benefits itself. Good and just men
often fail into these ranks, from a long nabit of
advocating their own cause; and in nothing has
this been more conspicuous than in the bright
names that have always been associated with the
class of legislation to which 1 have alluded, and
in the array of respected statesmen who advocote
this bill.
Since the acquisition of Louisiana, the Govern-
ment ha? steadily and systematically pursued a
policy in the management of its lands, intended
to accelerate the population of the new States,
and large and tempting advantages have been |
offered to persons who would emigrate to them. I
At first, tnis policy was justified as a revenue \
measure, necessary to enable the Government to !
pay off the debt contracted during the war of in- j
dependence. But the policy was continued after j
the justification had ceased, and became a hot- j
bed system of forcing the growth of those States, j
equally unwise, unnecessary, and unjust. The j
inducements thus held out by the Government, j
combined with the wonderful natural advantages
possessed by that portion of the country, seemed j
for a period of forty yeaTS to have torn the peo- ■
pie of the old States from their moorings, and i
threatened to transfer the whole population of the |
Atlantic States to the valley of the Mississippi, j
The rich and the poor, the high tad the low—all j
classes looked to the West, and none seemed ,
inclined to remain in the East any longer than
was necessary tq exhaust the land they already
occupied. Yekr after year, for nearly forty
years, the cruel and merciless policy of this Gov-
ernment depleted the old States of their wealth
and population, without any effort havinff been
made by those States to counteract it; and oy the
end of that period, the soil in all the agricultural
portions of them had been so far exhausted of its
fertility that agricultural labor scarcely anywhere
repaid the husbandman. The northern Atlantic
States, in the mean time, had been compensated
and enabled to transfer their labor and capital to
more profitable branches of industry, by means
of protective tariffs, national banks, and great
commercial favots, and the middle and southern
States, burdened for the protection of all Others,
got nothing except presidential honors.
Thus impoverished, and with constantly de-
creasing resources, these States found themselves
under the necessity of making a vigorous effort
to counteract the hostile legislation of the Federal
Government. They entered upon, and without
any aid have prosecuted and are now prosecuting,
a system of internal improvement, which it was
hoped would enhance the value of land, increase
the rewards of industry, enlarge the means of im-
provement, and arrest the tide of immigration.
The great l&w of self-preservation, equally appli-
cable to communities and individuals, demanded
sotne vigorous measure looking to self-defense.
Those works have been Constructed without any
aid from Congress. Whilst seven hundred ana
fifty miles of railroad was built for the State of
Illinois at the common expense of all the States,
my State not only built her own roads, but was
required to pay a heavy tax on her iron to the
Government. And I believe the very same Con-
gress that built seven hundred and fifty miles for
Il'inois, refbsed to North Carolina a short credit
for the duty oh its iron, which it was compelled
to ask for, in consequence! of the sudden and un-
expected rise in the priee of iron, producing a
deficiency in the funds of the company, which the
Legislature could not supply immediately in con-
sequertCe of its sessions being biennial.
From these works otir hopes have been fully
realized. The people of those States are more
prosperous and contented than they have been
for many years. Blossoming fields and cheerful
homes are Succeeding to impoverished soil, rest-
less discontent, dreary homes, and dilapidated
fbrtunes. The evidences and fruits of improve-
ment are everywhere around and about us, and
the people are cheerfully bearing the burdens of
taxation. Emigration has ceased, and the rapid
increase of population is tending to lighten those
burdeils, as tne number is increasing amongst
whom they are to be distributed.
But, if tnis bill passes, what will our expensive
improvements avail us ? The weight of taxation
we have imposed on ourselves to procure them,
will only concur with your tempting bribe to in-
duce our population to leave us. The exodus
will be renewed, and the population on whom
we relied to pay for the works, and on the prod-
ucts of whose' labor and enterprise we calculated
to support them, will abandon us for the more
favored regions. And if it should happen that,
through your unjust legislation, public credit and.
private fortunes are destroyed, those States will
rue the day and curse the folly that made us one.
Mr. Chairman, the State I have the honor in
part to represent was the last of the original
thirteen to enter into the Union, She felt in re-
gard to it, as Maryland declared in regard to the
Confederation, " mat if they (the -Wealthier or
more powerful States) should not be incited, by
a superiority of wealth and strength, to oppress
by open force their less wealthy and less power-
ful neighbors, yet depopulation and consequently
the impoverishment of those States, will necessarily
follow; which, by an tinfair construction of the
(Confederation, may be stripped by a common in-
terest, and the common benefits derivable from
the western country."
Yet, yielding to the solicitations of her sister
States, and longing for that union to which in
every trial she nas been devoted and faithfti], and
trusting to the magnanimity and justice of her
sisters, she accepted the Constitution in Decem-
ber, 1789, and in three mohths thereafter ceded
all her public lahds to the Federal Government,
on the express condition, that they " shall be
considered as a common fund, for the use and
benefit of the United States of America, North
Carolina inclusive, according to their respective
and usual proportion in the general charge and
expenditure, and shall be faithfully disposed of
for that purpose, and for no other use whatever."
It is true, that this condition, by the technical
rules of law, might attach only to the lands ceded
by North Carolina and embraced in that deed.
In a court of justice we would have no remedy;
nor would we "have a remedy if the legal right was
ever so clear, for no citizen may sue the Gov-
ernment. But our rights rest in the clear and
immutable principles of reciprocal justice, inde-
pendently of the fact that North Carolina has con-
tributed her share of blood and treasure towards all
subsequent acquisition; and our remedy is not in
courts of law, but in the honor of Congress and
the good faith of oUr sister States. Having ceded
her property free of charge, and as a common
fund for the use and benefit of all the States, her-
self included, Who will gainsay her right to par-
ticipate in cessions made by other States, ana in
acquisitions made by the common blood and
treasure of all, herself included ?
In addition to these implied obligations, the
Congress of the Confederation, on the 10th of
October, 1780, passed a resolution declaring that
the public lands, " shall be disposed of for the
common benefit of the United States," thus pledg-
ing the faith of the Government to those States
that apprehended injustice in the administration
of the lands, that no disposition should be made
of them for the benefit of one class of States to
the exclusion, much less to the detriment of other
States. ....
If our claim to an equal participation is con-
ceded—and it ha# never yet been denied—I ask,
