1856k)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
1T0*
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Jefferson against Douglas—Mr. Cragin.
Ho. of Reps.
Washington, and his co-laborers in the cause of
human rights.
To the Nttrwit it fa Ftryelte.—April 5,1783.—[.Extract.]
•'The scheme, my dear Marquis, which you propose as 1
a precedent, r  encourase the emancipation of the black 1
people in litis country train tha state of bondage in which
tU«> are held, u a a/rU-mg ei-u!e cf of the benevolence of
jour heart. I shall be happy to join you ill so laudable a
Work ; but will defer going into a detail of die business till
1 have the pleasure of seeing you.'*
Here a scheme to emancipate the blacks in this
country, from a state of bondage, is characterized
bv the Father of his Country as " a striking ev-
idence of the benevolence" of the heart. And
Washington declares that he should be happy to
join in so " luudalde" a work. If it be laudable
to abolish slavery where it exists, what shall wc
say of the work which shall prevent its existence
oa the virgin soil of the free Territories ? In a
letter to Robert Morris, dated Mount Vernon, ,
April IS, 1786, he says:
'• f can only say tbat there is not a nan living who wishes
Bore sincerely than I do to see a plan adopted for the abo-
lition of iu Eat there is only one proper and effectual
mode by which it can be accomplished, and that is by legis-
latire authority; and this, as far as my suffrage will go, (
■hall never be wanting."
In another letter to La Payette, he says: |
" Tb« benevolence of your heart, my dear Marquis, is so
conspicuous ou all occasions, that I never wonder at any
ft*sb proofs of it; but your late purchase of an estate in
the colony of Cayenne, with the view of emancipating the
dares on it, is a generous and noble proof of your human- .
ltv. Would to Gorf a like spirit might diffuse itself generally
«iio tkt minis of people of this country." i
In a letter to John F. Mercer, on this subject,
dated September 9, 1786, General Washington
said:
•' 1 never mean, unless some particular circumstances
•bosId compel me to it, to possess another slave by pur-
chase, it being among my first wishes to see some plan
adopted by whiicli slavery in this country may be abolished
by law."
Noble patriot! He had seen his country vic-
torious over British tyranny, and her independ-
ence established; and now his great heart, swell-
ing with humanity, proclaims it to be among his
"first wishes" to see slavery abolished in this
country. For entertaining the same wishes—
nay, leas, sir, foe. seeking to prevent the spread
of this evil and wrong—we are denounced as
'«traitors" and " Black Republicans." Whilst
I follow the teachings of Washington, no threats
or opprobrious epithets shall deter me from the
conscientious discharge of my duty.
When this great and good man had finished
his work upon the earth, he left in his will the
following dying declaration, in testimony of hiB
sincerity:
" Upon the decease of my wife. It is my will and desire
tbat all the slaves which I bold,in my own right, shall re-
reive their freedom. To emancipate them during her life,
would, though earnestly wished by me, be attended with
nucfi insuperable difficulties, on account of their intermix-
tire bv Biarriages with the dower negroes, as to excite tne
I us. The whole commerce between master an$ slave is a
| perpetual exercise of the most boisterous passions, the most
i unremitting despotism on the one part, and degrading sub-
' missions on the other; our children see this, and learn to
i imitate it." * * * "The man must be a prodigy who
can retain his manners and morals undepraved by such cir-
cumstances. And with what execration should the states-
man be loaded who, permitting one half the citizens thus
to trample on the rights of the other, transforms those into
despots and these into enemies, destroys the morals of the
one part and the atnar petrur of the other." * * * *
i " With the morals of the people, their industry also is de-
stroyed."
Again, he says:
" Indeed, I tremble for my country when I reflect that
God is just; that his justice cannot sleep forever; that,
considering numbers, nature, and natural means, only a
revolution of the wlieel of fortune, an exchange of situa-
tions, is among possible «vews; that it may become probable
by supernatural interference. The Almighty has no attri- i j
bate that can take sides with us in silch a contest." . 1
Again:/
" What an incomprehensible machine is man ! who can
endure toil, famine, stripes, imprisonment, and death itself,
in vindication of his own liberty; and the next moment be
deaf to all those motives whose power supported him
through his trial, and inflict on his fellow-men a boudaap,
one hour of which is fraught with more misery than agfeg
of that Which he rose in rebellion to oppose."
In a letter to Dr. Price, .of London, who had
interested himself in behalf of emancipation, he
says:
" Northward of the Chesapeake, you may find here and
there an opponent to your doctrine, as you may find here
and there a robber and a murderer; but in no greater num-
ber."
In another letter, written to a friend in 1814, we
find the following emphatic language:
" Yourfavorof July 31 was doty received, and read with
peculiar pleasure. The sentiments do honor to the head'
and heart of the writer. 'Mine'on the subject of the slavery
of negroes have long since been in the possession of _ the,
public, and time has only served to give theih stronger
i root.
" The love of justice and the love of country plead equally
i the cause of these people ; and it is a reproach to us that
I they should have pleaded it so long in vain."
Again:
" We must wait with patience the working of an over-
ruling Providence, and hope that that is preparing the
deliverance of these our brethren."
Brethren ! brethren, do we hear from the great
! founder of the Democratic party ? The language j
of Virginia statesmen now i3, " goods and chat- i
I tela," " property," " human cattle." Hear him j
i further: I
! j " When the measure of their tears shall be full, when
' I their groans shall have involved Heaven itself in darkness, |
doubtless a Godof justice will awaken to their distress." |
In the original draught of the Declaration^ of j
Independence, he denounces the King for keeping j
open the slave markets in the colonies against,
their will. He calls it an " execrable commerci." j
In a letter to Mr. Sparks, February 4,1824, he
avows his firm adherence to his opinions formed
in early life on this subject. Such is the lan-
guage of the great Virginia statesman, the pride
 .. „— _ I of tfie free Democratic world. We. have been
Cr^w"!M !; taught to look to him as theexponentofDemo-
ofthe same proprietor, it not being in my power, under the | era tic principles. They will stand the test and
™ " ' * uiiA tn- matnimit gcrutiny of time, and must prevail. By the side
of Jefferson, on this great question,, s^ood Frank-
lin, Rush, Jay, Adams, Gates, George Clinton,
Madison, Monroe, and hosts .of other leading
and patriotic spirits.
Mr. Jefferson has also left his dying l-ecord.
In a letter to James Heaton, on the subject of
slavery, dated May 20,1826, six w^ks before
his death, he says :
. " My sentiments have been forty years before the public.
Had I repeated them forty times, they would have only
become the more stale and threadbare. Although I shall
not live to see them consummated, they will not die with'
me; but, living or dying, they will ever be in my most fer-
vent prayers."
The eloquent Patrick Henry has left his record
tenure by which the dower negroes are held, to'manumit
them."
I understand that when Mrs. Washington j
learned from the will of her deceased husband,
tbat the only obstacle to the immediate perfection
of this provision was her right of dower,she at j
once gave it up, and the slaves were made free- j
Such a wife was worthy of even Wellington.
"litis is sufficient to show how the Father Of
our Republic regarded this subject. He has left i
his living and dying testimony against slavery. |
What would be the language of the patriarch,
could his pure spirit return and take a position '
among us at this moment ? On which side of this ;
contest would he range himself? Let no man , A ^
doubt ; he would enlist with the friends of free- ; ^inst slavery. He says
dom. Let me press this inquiry a little further.
How would he be received in tne " Old Domin-
ion?" Let the case of Underwood, lately driven
from Virginia, answer.
Sir, I blush to say what is now on my lips.
If Washington was alive, and a candidate for the
Presidency, with the anti-slavery sentiments that
. ... r .. •   iJ • a ciinfflA
" Would any one believe that I am master of slaves of my
own choice? I will not—I cannot justify it. I believe a
time will come when an opportunity will be offered to abol-
ish this lamentable evil."
Again, he says:
" It would rejoice my very soul that every one of my/«l-
lom beings was emancipated. We ought to lament and
he held while living, he could not receive a single j deplore the necessity of holding our fellow men in bond-
electoral vote south of Mason and Dixon s line, i a8®<
The testimony of Jefferson is still stronger. He
says
"Theremust be an unhappy influence on 'the
of our people produced by the existence of slavery among
Here is the language of a noble man. He did
|j net call them "property," but "fellow men."
li Virginia gentlemen do not use such language at
H this day.
Mr. Monroe, in a speech in the Virginia con^
vention, said:
« We have found that this evil has preyed upon the very
vitals of the Union, and has been prejudicial to all the
States in which it has existed."
I shall refer to only one more patriot of the
Revolution—the gallant and noble La Fayette.
He periled his life and. fortune for our cause,
and, in his last days, looked with anguish upon
the system of slavery in this Republic. In a.
letter-to Mr. .Clarkson, near the close of his life,
he sayse
.'! I would never have drawn my sword ia, the cause of.
America, if I could have conceived that thereby I was
founding a land of slavery."
In $ remarkable and interesting letter, written!
by him in the prison of Magdeburg,, be says: '.
"I know not what disposition has, been made of my.
plantation at Cayenne ; but I hope Madame de la Fayette
vrill take cafe that the negroes who cultivate it shall pre-
serve their liberty."
Himself in prison, in bondage, he was ■Still;
anxious for the liberty of others—even a few
"Africans." : • '
I am fond of quoting from southern men. There
was a lime when liberty was national, and to that'
time I always turn with delight. In these degen-
erate times, we hear rib note from'freedom's harp
south of this Capitol. Let us cherish and pre-
serve the music of better days.
Colonel Mason, a leading and distinguished'
member of the convention that formed the con-
stitution, from Virginia j when the provision fOr-
prohibiting the importation of slaves was under
consideration, said:
" The present question concerns not the importing States
alone,;but the whole UmbN. Slavery discourages arts and
manufactures. The poor despise labor dhen 'performed by
slates, "they prevent the emigration of whites, who really
enrich and strengthen 1a cov/ntry. They' produce the most
. pernicious eff ect on manners. Every master of slaves is born
, a petty tyrant. They bring tkt judgment of flemen on a
| country. As nations cannot be rewarded or punished in the-
1 next world, they must be in this. By an inevitable chain
1 of causes and effects, Providence punishes national sins by
! national.calamities.- He lamented that seme of our eastern
' brethrenhad, from a lust of gain, embarked in this nefarious
! traffic. As to the States being in possession of the right to
j import, this was tlie case with many other rights, now to be
| properly given up. He held it essential, in every point of
\ view, that the General Government should have power to
| prevent the increase of slavery."
j This- is very good Republican doctrine. It
; sounds very like what we hear from this side of
the Hall every .day, for which we are called " Black
Republicans. . audsectionalists." Strange to
say, sir, the descendants of this man, ana the
representatives from his then noble State, de--
nounce this doctrine now as " treason " and
" northern fanaticism,"
More than this, sir; to utter such sentiments
here at all is a dangerous business. If'I should
say that " every master of slaves is born a petty
tyrant," who'wotatd warrant my head ? For
uttering #uch sentiments now, in' the State' of
Virginia, a man would be mobbed or driven from
the State within twenty-four hours. '
I have tarried longer with the fathers of the
Republic than I intended. I love to travel back
into those olden times, and pore over the record
of the acts and thoug'hts of the great high-priests
of liberty. No man can read the bisto'ry'Of those
times without being forcibly impressed with the
strong opposition to slavery that then existed.
The record is full. You find it in the Declaration
| of Independence^the great charter of human'
! rights; you find it in the ordinance of 1787, so
often referred to in the discussion of this question.
] I have often admired t^je wisdom and united
i action that secured all the territory then owned
I by the United States to freedom. This act fur-
| mshes conclusive evidence that all regarded  la-
[ very as an evil, and that they determined it should
I have no more land to blast and desolate. The
i men of that day determined, if they could not
| eradicate the evil where it then existed, they
! would at least prevent its extension. Virginia
j had'theh just ceded to the United States the ter-
| ritory northwest of the Ohio river, out of which
; has since been formed the States of Ohio, Indi-
; ana, Illinois, Michigan, and Wisconsin. Thomas
i Jefferson, as early aa 1784, with a forethought
! and a patriotism that entitle htm to gratitude
j for all coming time, conceived the plan for ex-
eluding slavery from this territory forever. The
I plan was not adopted that year j but in 1787
