im
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GL&B&
[August 4,
34xi* CpNQ„..lst SeSS.
Jefferson against Douglas—Air. Cragin.
Ho. op Reps.
Heaven, of one hardy son of toil, " than all the
wealth that sinews bought and sold ever earned."
Mr. Chairman, to show you that my view of
the Cincinnati platform and the present issue is
correet, I give the following extracts from the
Worcester Palladium, for many years one of the
ablest Democratic papers in New England:
*• The platform asserts the- right of slaveholders to carry
slavery out of the slave States, and plant it in the Territo-
ries. For that, we find no warrant- in the Constitution,
and no sanction in the opinions held by the Democratic
party or its leading men, through almost the whole period
of the ezisteace ol the Republic.
" In comparison with this item of the creed, the others
are counted as nothing. What, therefore, is the inference ?
It is, and it can be, nothing more or less than that the Dem-
ocratic platform is narrowed down to one point—to one
flank; and that a full and explicit adoption of all the rest
is of no avail so long as this is discarded. The conclusion
is, therefore, inevitable and irresistible, that all there is in
the platform is surplusage, except the single plank of
slavery extension ; and ' jat while a man may believe
everything that has been considered essential by the party
and its con ventions in other days, he is to be excommuni-
cated, ' read out,' as a Democrat, unless he is prepared to
stand upon the single plank that is now set up as the test of
membership, Mid swear upon his conscience that slavery
extension is and ought to be a cardinal purpose of the :
Democratic organization.
" We are not going into any argument to show that the
Democratic party has left.us; nor do we assent to the dec-
laration that we have left them. But, we do say, that in
reconstructing their platform, they have put in a new and
additional plank, which they plainly tell us is more import-
ant, in their estimation, than all the others; and that they
wilt recognize no man as a member of their party unless
he will stand square upon that plank. That plank is sla-
very extension. We reject it. We disown it. We will
not stand upon it, if. the whole world beside stand there.
It is not Democratic. It is unchristian. It is a violation
of human rights. It fe a charter to perpetuate human
wrongs, and we wipe our hands of all responsibility for it
iatheory or practice."
How long the people  f this country are to be
humbugged and misled by the name of Democracy
I know not. But this much I do know, that the
principles of liberty and equal rights are to be
of short duration, if the present policy of the
Democratic party, and the moneyed interest of >
the slave aristocracy, are to prevail!and become-
the settled policy of the Government.
Upon what claim of right is this new article of
Democratic faith founded? What reasons are
given for the extension of slavery ? When the
Missouri restriction was repealed, we were told
that it was done by the right of " popular sov-
ereignty "—sometimes called " squatter sover-
eignty." These words were rung in our ears
formonths to justify that repeal. We were told,
over and over again, that the people have the
right to " govern themselves;" that*is, the right
to establish slavery. I must say, slavery always
looked to me very much like governing others.
This was a northern invention—designed to work
northern dough. The South never admired the
machine, for it might work for freedom. They
demanded a new contrivance. The Richmond
Enquirer said: " The squatter-sovereignty gun
must be spiked," and it was done. It will be
used in some localities at the North; but the
patent has been rejected, and the whole thing
condemned. Even its own fathers will not own
it. A new invention was devised at Cincinnati,
and labeled " State equality." This is a south-
ern invention, and I presume will have a longer
life.
" State equality!" What does this mean? It
has a popular sound. It means therightof slave-
holders to carry their slave property from the
slave States into the free Territories, and plant it
there, on an equal footing with general property.
The advocates of this doctrine begin by assuming
what is not true—that slaves are property by the
Constitution and by common law; and then they
reason that the owners of such property have
the same rights, in all respects, as the owners of
general property. They beg the question of
property in man by universal law, and then con-
struct their argument. Their superstructure has
no foundation. There is no common law under
heaven that sanctions j>roperty in man. The
idea is contrary to law, and abhorrent to reason.
If we admit the assumption of southern men 
that slaves are property at common law and by
the Constitution—the argument they build upon
the premises is good, ana they are right in their
conclusions. If slave property nas the same rights
as other property, the owners of such property
have a right to carry it where they please. If
the same rights of property attach ta slaves that
attach to horses, the owner of the one can carry his
property as rightfully into the Territories as the
owner of the other, and, for aught I can see, into
the States—even into the free States.
The whole system of slavery rests upon as-
sumption. This assumption of " property in
man" underlies all the others. Heretofore, those
interested in extending the system of human
bondage have not ventured upon this ground.
But, finding that the monstrous iniquity has no
other refuge, they now plant themselves boldly
upon the odious and anti-Democratic principle,
that " property in man" has the earae rights as
property in horses.
The gentleman from South Carojina, [Mr.
Keitt,] in a recent speech upon this floor, in
anticipation of the Cincinnati Convention, enun-
ciated this doctrine, in the following language:
" The South should establish in the platform the princi-
ple, that the right of a southern man to his slave is equal in
its length and breadth to the right of a northern man to his
liaise. She should make the recognition of the right full,
complete, and indisputable."
Nearly every southern man who has spoken
this session has contended for the same principle.
This is not law; neither is it right. Against this
tyrannical assumption, I place the opinion of Lord
Brougham. He says:
" Tell me not of rights ; talk not of the property of the
planter in his slaves. I deny the right; I acknowledge not
the property. In vain you tell me of laws that sanction
such a claim. There ia a law above all the enactments of
human codes, the same throughout the world, the same in
all times ; it is the law written by the finger of God on the
hearts of man; and by that law, unchangeable and eternal,
while men despise fraud and loathe rapine and abhor
blood, they shall reject with indignation the wild and guilty
fantasy that man can hold property in man."
Such also were the sentiments of Wilberforce,
Pitt, Burke, Martin, Fox, Granville, Grattan,
Curran, and a host of others, who triumphed
over the slave power in England after a desperate
struggle. Such are the sentiments of all classes
in England now. The contrary doctrine finds
advocates only in this Republic.
Against this doctrine I place the decisions of
the courts. The Supreme Co.urt has repeatedly
held that slaves are regarded as persons, and not
property, in the " full, complete, and indisputa-
ble acceptation of that term. In passing upon
a case involving this point, the Supreme Court
says:
" The Constitution treats slaves as persons. In the second
section of the first article, which apportions Representatives
and direct taxes among the States, it provides that < the
number shall be determined by adding to the whole number
of free persons, including those bound to service for a term
of years, aitd excluding Indians not taxed, three fifths of
all other persons.' And again, in the third section of the
fourth article, it is declared that ' noperson held to service
or labor in one State, under the laws thereof, escaping into
another, shall, in consequence of any law or regulation
therein, be discharged from such service or labor, but shall
be delivered up, on claim of the party to whom such labor
may be due.'"
The courts of many, if not all of the slave-
holding States have taken the same view of the
subject. The supreme court of Mississippi
says:
" It has been determined in Virginia that slaves are per-
sons." " In the Constitution.of the United States slaves are
especially designated as persons." " The right of the master
exists, not by force of the law of nations or of nature, but
by virtue only of the positive law of the State."
In another case, the same court says:
" Slavery is condemned by reason, and by the laws of
nature. It exists, and can exist, only through municipal
regulations."
The supreme court of Kentucky, in 3 Mar-
shall, page 470, says:
" Slavery is sanctioned by the laws of this State, but we
consider that as a right existing by a positive law of a mu-
nicipal character, without foundation in the law of nature."
The supreme court of Louisiana says:
" The relation of slave and owner in the States of the
Union in which it has a legal existence, whether free or
slaveholding, is a creation of municipal law."
And they declared a slave, taken to France by j
her owner and brought back to Louisiana, eman- |
cipated by the mere act of taking a slave to a
country where slavery was abolished. Judge, i
Barbour, of Virginia, in delivering the opinion !
of the Supreme Court of the United States on !
this subject, says: j
" But how ean this apply to persons ? They are not the 1
subjects of commerce ; and not being imported goods, can- l
not fell within a train of reasoning founded on the construe,,
tion of a power given to Congress to regulate commerce,
and the prohibition to the States from imposing a duty upon
imported goods.'*
In giving a history of the adoption of the Con-
stitution, Mr. Madison informs us that the term
" persons" was inserted by the convention which
j framed it, and other phraseology stricken out,'
because " it admitted that there could be property
in men;" an idea which Mr. Madison said "he,
thought it.wrpng to admit in the Constitution."
All, or nearly all, the slaveholding States have,
from time to time, prohibited the introduction of
slaves as merchandise, and some of them for any
; purpose; and all their courts have maintained the
1 validity of these laws. Yet, if slaves were mere
property, like cattle and horses, cotton or iron,'
they could not be precluded by any State.
I need not argue this point further. There is
no doctrine better settled, by State and national
courts, and by legislative precedents, than that
slavery is the creature of State laws; that it is.
contrary to reason, the commori law, the commdn
sense, and general understanding of mankind;
that it can exist only when State laws sanction
it. The moment the slave is, by consent of his
master, beyond the jurisdiction of the State by
which he is held, he is free. The master has no.
property in the slave that, exists all over the,
world* but such only as exists in the State that-
by positive law sanctions slavery.
! The decision in the case of Forbes vs. Cochran,
(2 Barn, and Cresswell, 463,) in the Court of
King's Bench, covers the whole ground. It is
\ as follows:
i " The right to slaves when tolerated by law is founded,
not on the law of nature, but on the law of the particular
i country. It is a law in invitum; and when a party gets
out of the power of his master, and gels under the protec-
tion of another power, without any wrongful art done- by'
the party giving that protection, the right of the< master,'
which is founded on the municipal law of the particular'
place only, does not continue. The moment a foreign
slave puts his foot on our shores, he ceases to be a slave,
because there is -no lam here which sanctions his being held in
slavery. And the local law which held him in slavery'
against the law of nature has lost its force."
Then, pir, the slaveholder hac no right of prop-
erty in his slave which gives him any right to
carry such property into any Territory where
the laws do not sanction slavery. If ne does,
his right at once ceases, and the slave is as free
as his master. This is the law of Christendom.
It works no hardship to him who claims property-
| in his fellow-man. He knows the law. The
I hardship is on the other side—that man should-
1 be held in slavery anywhere. Southern men talk
about being excluded from theTerritories because
they cannot carry their slaves there. As well
might a man who has one, two, and three-dollar
banknotes talk about being excluded from this
District because he cannot pass bank notes here
of a less denomination than five dollars. Is the
slave so much a part of his master that the one
cannot emigrate without the other? This is all
idle talk. As before stated, slavery exists by
local law, and the moment you get beyond the
locality where such law's exist, the shackles of
slavery fall.
But I am not done with this doctrine of " State-
equality. " It is not equality, but inequality, that
the South claim. They set up a claim of prop-
erty in man, and think it hard that such property
has not the rights of general property. They com-
plain that they cannot take this kind of merchan-
dise into the Territories. This complaint has no
foundation. Do these complainants forget that this
kind of property has a quality, and confers rights
which no other property has, or can confer ? Do
they forget that every slave, reckoned by them,
as only property, is three fifllls & maji? This right
Qf manhood for political purposes, as well as
property, belongs to the slaveholder. The slave
is no man for himself, in the eyes of southern gen-
tlemen, or of the law; butevery five human beings
held in bondage make three political men of their
master. What other property has this wonderful
faculty? *1 know of none. To illustrate this
point. Suppose a southern man goes to Kansas
with five hundred slaves, and Kansas is made a
slave State; this one man, by this human prop-
erty, becomes equal, on this floor and in his vote
for President, and in all the political affairs of the
country, to three hundred and one hard working.
