1166
APPEND EX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GUOBE.
[August 5,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. of Reps.
cratic party—once the advocate of freedom and
equal rights. To secure the extension of this
giant evil, the Missouri compromise was repudi-
ated, and the fires of agitation rekindled through*
out the land. The embankment against the
further spread of human bondage, erected in 1820
by our patriotic ancestors, was broken down at
the command of the slave power, and the faith of
the nation violated. A compact as sacred as the
Constitution has been broken, and for the purpose
of making Kansas a slave Stale.
The South claim Kansas for slavery! We can-
not consent! we will not consent! Knowing that
God is the avenger of wrong, we dare not con-
sent. By no agency of oura shall this beautiful
Territory be made desolate by the touch of sla-
very. Knowing how our forefathers, appealing
to God for the " rectitude of their actions," im-
plored His assistance in their great struggle for
liberty, we dare not offer up a different prayer
now. Knowing that the God of liberty gave us
the victory then, we dare not mock and insult
Him now, as we should do by tamely consenting
to the enslavement of Kansas. We make no war
opon the South—we only defend against her war-
fare. They fight for slavery—we for liberty.
We ask them to look upon the effects of slavery
in the slave States. W e ask them to compare
the free States with their own. We ask them
to turn back a few years, and read what their
own statesmen said, and then blame us for desir-
ing freedom for Kansas.
Governor Randolph, in his address to the Vir-
ginia Legislature, in 1820, said:
u We have been for outstripped by State* to whom na-
ture has been tar less bountiful. It is painful to consider
what might have been, uuder other circumstance*, .the
amount of general wealth in Virginia."
Mr. Curtis, in a speech in the Virginia Legis-
lature, in 1832, said:
" There ia a malaria in the atmosphere of these regions
which Ike new-cower shuns a* being deleterious to bis
views and habits. See the wide-spreading rain which |
the avarice of our ancestral Government has produced in !
the South, as witnessed in the sparse population of free- ' I
mea, deserted habitations, and fields without culture!
Strange to tell, even the wolf, driven back long since by
the approach of man, now returns, after the lapse of a hun-
dred years, to howl over the desolations of slavery."
Another member said:
"1 am gratified to perceive that no gentleman has yet
risen in this Hall the avowed advocate of slavery. The
day has gone by when such a voice could be listened to
with patience, or even forbearance. I regret that we should
find one among us who enters the lists as an apologist, except
on the ground of necessity. If there-be one who concurs
with the gentleman from Brunswick [Mr. Gholson] in the
harmless character of this instituuon, let me requesthim to
compare the condition of the slaveholding portion of this
Commonwealth, barren, desolate, and seared as it were by
(tab avenging hand of Heaven, with the descriptions we
have of the same from those who broke its virgin soil. To
what is this change ascribable ! Alone to the withering
and blasting effects of slavery."
Mr. Moore, in. speaking of the evils of slavery,
■aid:
" The first I shall mention is the irresistible tendency
which it has to undermine and destroy everything like vir-
tue and morality in the community.
" In that part of the State below tide-water, the whole
free of the country wears an appearance of almost utter
desolation, distressing to the beholder, The very spot on
which our ancestors landed a little more than two hundred
years ago, appears to be on the eve of again becoming the
haunt of wild beasts."
Mr. Ritchie, once the editor of the Union, in
■peaking of slavery in 1832, said:
" £t ™ probable, from what we hear, that the committee
on the colored population will report some plan for getting
rid of the free people of color. But is this all that can be
done ? Are we forever to suffer the greatest evil which can
scourge our land, not only to remain, butto Increase in its
dimensions. Yes, something must be done, and it ia the
part of no honest man to deny it."
" When,wi?i„a period equal to that in which the Fed-
eral Constitution has been in existence, those numbers will
increase to more than two millions within Virginia; when i
Jftis, the Surest land on all this continent, for sod, and cli- i
mate, and situation combined, might become a sort of gar- !
den spot if St were worked by the hands o (white men alone '
—tan we, aught we. to sit quietly down, fold our arms, and
•ay to each otiief,' Well, well, this thing wiU not come to
the worst m oar day." something ought to be done: —n. j
sure, gradual—systematic, but discreet, ought to be adopted :
for reducing the mass or evil that is pressing upon the I
South.
" The disease is deep-seated. It is at the bean's core.
It is consuming our vitals."—Richmond Enquirer of Jan.
vary, 7,1832.
I ask the attention of gentlemen to these ex-
tracts, and especially the last. Compare it with
the one 1 gave in another place, from the same
paper, of recent date. We advocate now just
what was advocated in Virginia in 1832, and what
was then the sentiment of the country; and for
this we are called enemies of the country, dis-
unionist8,&c. Comment is unnecessary. This
is a true picture of nearly every southern State
to-day. We cannot consent that Kansas should
be added to their number. Slavery has seared and
blackened quite enough of this beautiful land.
No, gentlemen, you must not ask it. If you do, we
tell you plainly, firmly, but kindly, that we can-
not and will not consent. If you insist, we must
resist by all the lawful, constitutional,and moral
power that God has given us. We cannot con-
sent to do a wrong, or suffer it to be done, if in
our power to prevent it.
Before you can claim our cooperation in this
work, you must blot out the history of the past.
Yon must show us that our education is wrong—
that our Christianity is wrong. In the language
of the noble Henry Clay, in a speech on this
floor, upon this subject, in 1827, we say:
" If they would repress all tendencies towards liberty
and ultimate emancipation, they must do more than put
down the benevolent efforts of this society. Tliey must go
back to the era of our liberty and independence, and muz-
zle the cannon which thunders its annual Joyous return.
They must blow out the moral lights around us, and extin-
guish that greatest torch of all which America presents to a
benighted world, pointing the w^y to their rights, liberties,
and their happiness. And when they achieve all these pur-
poses, their work will be yet incomplete. They iaM pen-
etrate the hnman soul, and eradicate the light of reason and
the love of liberty. Then, and not till then, when univer-
sal darkness and despair prevail, can you perpetuate slavery,
aitd repress all sympathies and all humane and benevolent
efforts among freemen in behalf of the unhappy portion of
our race doomed to bondage."
Nor have we forgotten that the same great ora-
tor, in 1850, said:
" I have said that I never could vote for it myself; and I
repeat that I never can and never wiH vote, and no earthly
power ever will make me vote, to spread slavery over ter-
ritory where it does not exist." i
The South has forced upon cm this issue, and
we accept it. We claim Kansas fbr freedom, by
right and by compact. " Kansas for freedom,'' i
is inscribed this day upon ten thousand banners, j
which float all over the free North. Her army |
of freemen are marching to the music of" liberty i
and union." Our platform is the Declaration of
Independence. Our candidate is the brave and ,
fallant Fremont, in whose veins runs the same
lood that vitalized Washington. Our hopes are
in God, whose aid we invoke, as did our fathers
of old.
We are in the midst of a political revolution.
It is a necessary purifier. Let it go on! When
the atmosphere becomes putrid with disease, the
thunder and lightning are necessary to remove the
seeds of death. So in this Republic. When
dangers lurk in every avenue to the citadel of
liberty, nothing but a political revolution can
save us from calamity.
The blood which has stained the free soil of
Kansas, and the floor of the Sienate Chamber,
was needed as an atonement for the past servility
of northern men. If the sacrifice shall prove j
efficacious in exterminating the race of dough- |
faces, it is not too much. j
The crisis is one of awful moment! Men of j
the free North, the interests of freedom are con- j
fided to you! The welfar^of the Republic de- i
pends upon your action! The destinies of a !
continent han^ upon yoar decision! The hopes
Of unborn mil'lionft Survive or perish by your
votes! Action in such a case becomes godlike,
and voting rites to the solemnity and dignity of
prayer. Rear your defenses^ O, freemen! Place
upon all the wfttchtowers brave and true men—
" men who know their rights, and knowing, dare j
maintain them."
The day that witnesses the triumph of liberty j
in this mighty struggle will be remembered in i
all coming history; and posterity will call those
blessed who enlist for freedom, as it always does !
those who, with brave hearts and true, battle for |
the right.
"Arise, arise, ye brave !
And let onr war-cry be,
Free speech, free press, free soil, free men,
fu-Moirr and Victory ! 
NATIONAL POLITICS.
SPEECH OP HON. W. L. UNDERWOOD,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House or Representatives,
Jhtgvst 5, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. UNDERWOOD said:
Mr. Chairman: Nothing but a high and stern
sense of duty would authorize me, under exist-
ing circumstances, to trespass on the time of the
committee. Having been indisposed all the day—
during much of the time in bed, yet I have come
here to-night to deliver my sentiments and opin-
ions on some of the questions now agitating the
public mind. I would that I were able to go
largely into their consideration. Time not per-
mitting me to do so., I trust I may be excused for
taxing the patience of the committee, but for the
few moments I shall occupy on this occasion.
Mr. Chairman, there never has been a period
in the history of this Republic when the heart of
the patriot was more chilled with fear and appre-
hension in regard to the future success and hap-
piness of the nation, than.the present. I will not
undertake to paint, in the «olors of attempted
oratory, the darkness and danger now threatening
in the political sky. Without going into all the
causes for this sad condition of affairs, I shall con-
tent myself with the simple declaration, that the
great cause of alt our trouble is, a wide-spread
and pervading sectionalism—the growth of the
neglect of the wise precepts of Washington. We
have, in practice, disregarded his warning voice,
that there should be no sectional parties in our
country, divided by geographical lines. In hi&
Farewell Address, the noblest monuraeat of wis*
dom ever erected, save by the voice of inspiration,
the Father of his Country uses these memorable
words:
"In contemplating the causes which may disturb our
Union, it occurs as matter of serious concern, that any
fround should have been furnished for characterizing parties
y geographical distinctions—whence designing men may
endeavor to excite a belief that there is a real difference of
local internals and views. One of the expedients of party
to acquire influence within particular district, is to mis-
represent the opinions and; aims of other districts. Yoa
cannot shield yourselves too much against the jealousies
and heart-burnings wMch spring from these misrepresenta-
tions. They tend to render alien to each other those who
ought to be bound together by fraternal affection."
Oh! could these words of more than parental
affection, and of high prophetic warning, sink
deep into the hearts of his countrymen; and that
we might pause for a moment from the tumults
of faction to hear and to heed these words of wis-
dom.
Now, sir, I declare that there is nothing which
so much endangers the existence of our institu-
tions as the continued agitation of the Blavery
question. Let me carry my friends back to the
time in our history when the divided fragments
-of our now common country were-first joined in
the beautiful symmetry of ettr present Union,
and our fathers, of every section, met together
as a band of brothers. Do you, Mr. Chairman,
does anybody, suppose that if there were then
the same bickerings and sectionalism, the same
crimination and recrimination as there are now,
we would to-day have a Union of these States ?
No, sir; our glorious land would have been cov-
ered with irregular warring1 elements, without
that coherence so essential to an enlarged national
prosperity. There would not cluster around our
homes and hearts the proud memories of the
deeds of our common ancestors, in a great com-
mon cause, to establish independence and Union
for our common country.
I say, sir, if ever this Union is dissolved, as I
almost begin to supppse, from the signs of the
times, it may possibly be, it must be owing to the
fact of these local, sectional, andpartisan questions
being forced upon the attention and -action of
Congress. And, sir, the gentleman [Mr. Cra-
cm] who has just taken his seat, will pardon me
an allusion to his remarks. _ I listened to them
with some degree of attention, and I will call
that of the House to what seemed to be their
drift and purport. If there was any significance
in the observations made by the gentleman, if
