1168
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GUOBE.
[August 4,
34ttt,CoN:e....lst Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. of Reps.
lions, and usually subjected to their revisory
action.
This great American principle is destructive,
in my judgment, of all the modern notions, of
popular sovereignty in the Territory, whereby
the first fifty or live hundred men that get to the
Territory, after its establishment by Congress,
may meet in a Legislative Assembly, and declare
what shall or shall not be property in that Terri-
tory; and yet to this doctrine I understand Mr.
Buchanan now, and his followers, to be distinctly ;
committed.
But I return to the question of the Missouri
compromise. I hold, it to be inconsistent with
the spirit and history of the American people,
a|id the character and genius of our Government j
and institutions, to suppose for a moment, that ;
those great men who formed our Constitution—
many of whom had fought in the Revolution, and
all of whom were preeminently familiar with the
principles upon winch the colony declared their
independence of Great Britain — should, when
they came to form a Constitution for their coun-
try, establish that very principle, and confer on
the G&neral Government that very power, to
resist which the war of the Revolution had been
successfully waged: I mean the power of a Legis-
lative Assembly to make laws for those not rep- j
resented therein. The people of the Territory ;
may elect a Delegate, ana he may speak, but he
has no vote, and is, therefore, in no sense, a Rep-
resentative.
I will not further argue the question, but pro-
pose to fortify my positions by the authority of
some of our revolutionary fathers themselves-
who more than all others ought to be regarded as
the proper and legitimate interpreters of the mean,
ing of that instrument, the work of their own
hands. We have the recorded opinion of Jeffer-
son, about the time the Missouri act was passed,
emphatically against it. .. , ..
Here is his letter to Mr. Holmes, of Maine,
dated 20th April, 1820, in which he says:
" An abstinence, too, from this act of power would re-
move the jealousy" excited by the undertaking of Congress
to regulate the condition of the different descriptions of men j
composing a State. This, certainly, is the exclusive right j
of every State, which nothing in the Constitution has taken
from tbein and given tq the General Government. Could
Congress, for example, say that the now, freemen of Con-
necticut should not be freemen, and that they shall not
«iiiigrate into any other State ?"
This is plain and explicit, and on the very ques-
tion. ,
' Again, in a letter to Mr. Madison on the same
subject, he says:
"lam indebted to you for your two letters qf February 7
and 19. This Missouri question, by a geographical line of
division, is the most portentous one I have ever contempla-
ted." * ♦   " If ready to risk the Union for any chance
of restoring his party to power, and rigging hipiself to the
head of it."
Again he is reported to have said, and I believe
correctly, that when he first heard of the Missouri
compromise, whereby the territory of the United
States was dviided by a geographical line, on one
side of which slavery was excluded, and on the
other tolerated, " it sounded to them like a firebell
at night."
. I have before me the letter of James Madison,
the father of the Constitution, upon this subject,
the length of which prevents me from publishing
it. It may be found in the speech of the distin-
guished Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,]
delivered in the Senate on the 2d of July last,
■which fully sustains all the positions I have taken
on this subject. And, sir, there are other great
statesmen of that day who have avowed opinions
Coincident with his.
Here let me say, as was said by the distin-
guished citizen of Kentucky, (Mr. Clay himself,)
that nothing more demonstrated the uncertainty
of history, than the fact that the parentage of
this Missouri restriction was attributed to him.
Why, sir, he declared in the Senate of the United
States that he did not know even that he voted
for it, and expressed great distrust of its consti-
tutionality.
Now, I say to gentlemen from northern States,
that when I have sho-wn that many of the most
distinguished men of that day, and ever since,
have declared their belief in- the unconstitution-
ality of this Missouri restriction, is there any
occasion for denouncing the men who repealed
it, in such terms of bitterness and vituperation as
they continually use, or for arousing such fresh
and" violent hostility to one of the institutions of
their sister States ?
But it is said that the Missouri line was a com-
promise; and, at the same time, it is said that the
South exulted over its passage as a triumph.
One of those positions destroys the other. If it
were a compromise, then there was conciliation,
agreement, harmony.- If it was a triumph, then
there had been conflict, controversy,and the bat-
tle of contending parties. It was no compromise;
it -was a mere act of legislation. Yet, at tliat early
day, there were those who bitterly profaned what
they now loudly proclaim to be sacred. They
disregarded it even in the admission of Missouri
for which it was formed; and they have refused
to recognize it as a principle whenever an oppor-
tunity has occurred, for its practical application
to the Territories of the Union.
In thus hurrying so rapidly over the points I
have to make, 1 do justice neither to the subject
nor to myself. Yet the brief time allotted leaves
me no other alternative.
I have said that the question of slavery is the
all-absorbing question of thfe day. So it is; but
it is not the only one now agitating the public
mind. There are others which engross much
attention and discussion. The American party
to which I belong has essayed to cousider. and
provide for them all. I will very briefly refer to
some of them. First, in regard to that element
of alarm and danger growing out of the enormous
influx of foreign immigration, which for the last
ten years his emptied itself upon our shores at
the rate of from a quarter to a half million per
year. I desire to distinctly state, though the
contrary has been loudly proclaimed by our op-
ponents, that the American party does not wage
war on foreigners. We only wish to save, the
free institutions of the country from .social and
political deterioration. The foreigner who leaves
his native land and comes here with an honest
purpose to sustain our institutions in their pure
republican spirit, has nothing to fear from the
American party. That party welcomes such men.
But we do intend, if we can, to keep from our
shores those who "leave their country for their
country's good," and come to trars.
. I desire especially, in view of the mighty and
perilous dangers that now impend'over the court-
try, that its management and political support
shall be in the hands of those who properly under-
stand its necessities—who understand the various
duties which are required of the citizen, and who
shall exercise a just and intelligent discrimination
so as to place power into proper hands. Thus far,
-and thus far only, in this particular connection,
are we disposed to go; ana, sir, I appeal to any
man, in reference to this particular time and
period in our country's history, if it is not pre-
eminently more safe to intrust tht destinies of
•the United States to the voice and guidance of
American citizens, rather than to the rude rabble
that comes over to this country at the rate of three
Or four hundred thousand a year, from foreign
lands. But this question has been so fully dis-
cussed, and is so well understood, I will not go
into its<Iiscussion further. *•
I wish to allude to another subject, which has
entered very freely into the discussions of the
day. I allude to the Catholic question.-' My
colleague and friend, Mr. Jewett, will pardon
me if I do not undertake to answer his constitu-
tional argument against the rights of American
citizens, upon whatever principle or pretext they
chose to adopt, to vote for whomsoever they
please. My colleague entered into a labored ar-
gument of three or four columns of the Globe, to
prove that this right of American eitizens to vote
was, in certain instances# namely, whenever they
declared they would vote, for no one who recog-
nized an allegiance, spiritual or temporal, to a
foreign pope, prince, or potentate, in conflict with
the Constitution. I had thought that it was ft
constitutional right which every one had, to vote
for whomsoever he pleased, and that there was
no provision in the Constitution which prohibits
its exercise.
But I leave this point, believing that my friend
was misled by that legal lore for which he is so
distinguished. 1 never, God knows, heretofore,
and never will hereafter, wage any war against
the Catholic religion. So far as my individual
feelings are concerned, I need hardly say I would
as freely shed my blood for the perpetuation of
their religious rights and privileges, as for the
rights and privileges of anybody else; and I'an-
nounce here, in terms as distinct as possible,
that there is nothing in the American organiza-
tion which wages war against the rights, religious
or political, of any human being. If there has
been a war, it is a war which has been provoked
and commenced, not by the American party, but
by the -Catholics themselves. Notwithstanding
that, I place them upon, and demand of them, no
higher position that that voluntarily taken by
every other church in America. Why-, sir, in
the earlier history of the Episcopal Church, it
had its great head in Great Britain. Their bishops
and archbishops had there their palaces and
homes, and issued thence their edicts and orders
to the subordinate clergy of America; But after
wie dissolved the political bonds whieh united the
two countries, our fathers also rent asunder the
spiritual bonds which bound them to the mother
country. So, also, acted the : Methodists, the
Lutherans, and all other of the churches except
the Romanists. So far as the Catholic, the Pro-
testant, the Presbyterian, the Baptist, the Meth-
odist, and all other denominations, are concerned,
we place them all on the same level; and.if any
of them recognize any foreign dictation or influ-
ence, spiritual or temporal, we do not regard them
as entitled to the votes of American freemen, or
worthy to -be, trusted with the destiny of the
American people. And we regard them the more
dangferous when they tell us this allegiance is
spiritual, not temporal, for it is the allegiance of
the spirit that governs the man.
Having thas far considered the questions that
agitate the public mind, I come now briefly td
consider the pretensions of the various presiden-
tial candidates for the suffrages of the American
people. I will not undertake particularly to dis-
cuss ther-pretensions of Mr. Fremont-. I do not
really know, to be very honest about it, what
his pretensions are. I have never heard that he
had any pretensions based upon high political
renown or distinguished military achievements.
I regard Mr. Fremont merely as the imperson-
ation of an idea; and J suppose.that almost any-
bodyelse would impersonate that idea as well as
he. That he is a gallant man, that he has stemmed
the torrent* that he has climbed the mountain^
that he has been imperiled in snows, that he has
dined upon horse-flesh, and fed on dog's meat, 1
do not deny. But I apprehend that in all of these
things Kit Carson is his equal, and any of the
western trappers are his superiors. If he has
accomplished, any great political work, history
has failed to record it. Yet, sir, that gentleman
has gathered around him a great political party.
-Now, sir, if it be for the purpose of taking hold
of the slavery question in the view presented by
the gentleman who has addressed us this evening,
[Mr. Craoin}-—if it be for the purpose of remod-
eling or changing the Constitution, and thereby
-disturbing those com promises whicharecontained
in that sacred instrument in regard to the question
of slavery, I regard it as an exceeding great mis-
fortune. If it De for the purpose of giving the
whole administration of this gentleman into the
hands of a political section, standing upon one
idea, and circumscribed by certain geographical
lines, I still regard it aa a misfortune ofthe greatest
and most imminent character; I do not say what
will or will not be the consequence of a sectional
distribution of the power and patronage of the Gov-
ernment. I trust, ifthe event ofhis election shall oc-
cur, that Kentucky will see the practical operation
of his administration before she takes a final step
to disturb the political relations which have bound
us together in a happy Union. I know not that
in the beginning she ought to take it for granted,
that Fremont will be false to the dictatesof patriot-
ism and dutyi' I shall be willing to wait; but I
must declare that I see evil, and only evil, from
the occurrence of such an event a3 his election.
It would be the first instance which has occurred
in the history of this country, when, upon sec-
tional grounds and for purely sectional purposes,
a man unsustained by any strong personal con-
siderations, and who has never illustrated th«
