1170
appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 12,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
, National Politics—Mr. Leiter.
Ho. of Reps.
tion, that they should be received and referred—
the other, that they should be indignantly re-
jected? To the first of these parties, Mr. Fill-
more belonged; and does not the gentleman know ,
that his own candidate, Mr. Buchanan, not only j
voted for the reception of Abolition petitions, but !
presented them himself. My colleague, fn his.
zeal to strike Mr. Fillmore, forgets that by the
same blow he knocks down his friend; and the
country knows that, to the refusal by Congress i
to receive these Abolition petitions, more than to
any other cause, the Abolitionists, by identifying
themselves with the great right of petition, owe
their early growth and expansion.
My colleague has made himself the instrument
of prefe ing a new accusation against Mr. Fill-
more, in order more effectually, according to
Democratic usage, to play upon southern pro-
slaveryism. This accusation is that Mr. Fillmore
pardoned two men, Drayton and Sears, who ran
off in a schooner from Washington with seventy-
two slaves. I have looked into the facts of that
case, and I am happy to say, that I have greatly
misapprehended the goodness of my colleague's
heart if, in the same situation, he had not acted
precisely as Mr. Fillmore did. These men in \
their effort to run off with these slaves, were ;
arrested, and the slaves returned to their owners;
Drayton and Sears were convicted and fined in a ,
large sum of money, the one half payable to the
owners of the slaves, and the other to the Gov-
ernment. They were committed to jail in default
of payment—and were there confined for four
years, being poor and unable to pay the money,
fn this state of the case, a majority of the owners
of these slaves, together with ^others, the most
respectable citizens of the community, petitioned
the President to pardon them. The owners of
the slaves well knew that; poor as these men were,
so long as they continued to be imprisoned,
there was no possibility of their paying their
proportion of the fines assessed against them.
Under this state of the case, the President released
them from imprisonment, expressly holding them
bound for the payment of every cent of the
penalty payable to the owners of the slaves.
But my colleague revives the accusation, that
Mr. Fillmore appointed Free-Soilers to office, and
had some of them even in his Cabinet. One would
have supposed that a champion and supporter of
the Pierce administration would have forborne this
charge—an administration having leading Free-
Soilers in its Cabinet—which has not only dis-
tinguished itself by the number of its Abolition
appointments, but which to make room for more
of them, has actually removed from office hun-
dreds of conservative national Democrats in New
York and elsewhere, to appoint notorious Free-
Soilers in their places.
Mr. Chairman, 1 forbear to notice further these
petty accusations. They fall as harmless at the
feet of Mr. Fillmore, in the light of his illustrious
history, as the snow-flake falls on the statue of
Washington. There h e stands—above all eulogy of
mine—upon the platform erected by the American
party—with a history which shames into silence
all the charges of sectionalism brought against
him, either from the North or from the South—
proclaiming to all, " if there be those either North
or South who desire an administration for the
North as against the South, or for the South as
against the North, they are not the men who should
give their suffrages to me. For my own part, I
know only my county, my whole country, and
nothing but my country."
Mr. Fremont is the candidate of the Norths
against the South; Mr. Buchanan is the candidate
of the South against the North. This war of
the sections, as I have endeavored to portray, is
the damning danger of the hour. I ask, then,
if there is no national party—no true men to the
whole land, as one and indivisible—no broad con-
servatism, that loving all would still fold all in
the embraces of a common Union ? Thank God!
I answer, there is—and Millard Fillmore, ripe
with experience, tested and tried in times of peril
and of danger—having once before rescued his
country from the storms of faction, to the sun-
light of peace—stands ready again to lead the
patriot warriors for the Constitution and the
Union to victory and repose.
One word more, J am gifted with no prophetic
vision; yet I will not hesitate to say, that if all,
both North and South, who, in their hearts, de-
sire the election of Mr. Fillmore, and who believe
that thereby the glory and prosperity of their
country will be best secured, will discard all cow-
ardly fears of results, and come up bravely, and
give him their earnest and patriotic support, he
will be elected by a triumphant and overwhelming
majority. Yet whatever may be the result of the
coming contest, 1 desire to say, it will not shake
the allegiance of Kentucky to the Union of these
States—unless other causes than a constitutional
presidential election, with the result of which she
is dissatisfied, conspire to drive her from it.
Kentucky regards disunion as no remedy for any
political ills. She regards it as its death, and
worse than death—damnation. It is the judg-
ment which declares, now and forever, that man
is incapable of self-government, and that our rev-
olution and our history are but " a tale told by an
idiot, signifying nothing."
Mr. Chairman, there is'a modest stone in yon-
der monument, erected to the memory of Wash-
ington, in which is recorded in prophetic language,
the faith—the undying faith of Kentucky. Thus
it reads:
" Under the blessing of Heaven, and the precepts of
Washington—Kentucky will be the last to give up the
Union."
In this faith her children will live; and to main-
tain it they are ready to die.
NATIONAL POLITICS.
SPEECH OF HON. B. F. LEITER,
of ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
August 12, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. LEITER said:
Mr. Chairman: The question which now
agitates this country, and has so often convulsed
it from its center to its circumference, I regard as
the most dangerous and most to be dreaded of all
questions ever presented to the consideration of
the American people. It was the source of im-
mense difficulty among the people who first per-
manently settled on this continent, and from its
first introduction down to the present day has
done more mischief than all the other agitating
! subjects discussed before the people. While we
1 were yet under the colonial government, the
people saw its evil consequences, and denounced
it in strong and emphatic language as a mon-
strous evil. The colonial Assembly of Virginia
frequently passed laws restricting or prohibiting
the slave trade. If they had regarded slavery as
her representatives now do, there never would
have been such acts passed. They regarded it as
an evil and a curse upon the energies of the col- i
i ony. Now her representatives regard it as a [
| blessing. What a change t !
I will now call the attention of gentlemen who
claim that slavery is right and a great blessing to i
the opinions and judgments of those who have
gone before them, and whose opinions are held
in high esteem by all good men. In June, 1774,
the people of Prince George's county, Virginia,
at a general meeting, passed the following reso-
lution:
" Resolved, That the African trade is injurious to this
colony, obstructs the population of it by freemen, prevents
manufacturers and other useful emigrants from Europe
from settling amongst us, and occasions an annual increase
of the balance of trade against this colony."—American
Archives,series, vol. 1, p. 493.
This resolution contains an unequivocal denun-
ciation of the slave trade, and most assuredly of
slavery. It may be claimed that it was only in-
tended to prohibit the slave trade; but, sir, this
claim cannot stand, for if slavery was a blessing,
as it is now claimed, /surely they would not
have declared against it, but would have, by the
slave trade, encouraged it. Those people had
the correct view of It. They knew that free
white laborers would not come under the contam-
inating influence of it. They saw that it prevented
mechanics and other useful /emigrants from Eu-
rope coming there.
On the 7th day of July, 1774, tie people of
Culpepper county, Virginia, assembled at the
court-house, in said county, and passed the fol-
lowing resolution:
"Resolved, That the importing slaves and convict ser-
vants is injurious to this colony, as it obstructs the population
of it with freemen and useful manufacturers, and that we
will not buy any such slave or convict servant hereafter to
be imported."
If those colonists held the opinions of gentle-
men from that State now occupying seats here,
they were very simple indeed for thus declaring
against a great blessing. They, sir, thank God,
held no such principles and doctrines as are now
taught by the representatives from the " Old
Dominion." They were a liberty-loving people,
whose desire it was to eradicate the evil, and
riot extend it over free territory.
On the 11th day of July, 1774, a meeting was
held by the inhabitants of Nansemond county,
Virginia, at which a resolution was passed, which
is an exact copy of the resolution passed at the
Prince George's county meeting.
On the 14tn day of July, 1774, at a meeting «n
Caroline county, Virginia, a similar resolution
passed. *
On the -16th day of July, 1774, the people of
Surry county, Virginia, passed a resolution of the
same import.
Meetings were held in different counties of that
colony, at which similar resolutions were passed.
And on Monday, the 18th day of July, 1774, the
people of Fairfax county, Virginia, at the court-
house, in Alexandria, held a general meeting,
over which George Washington presided, and
passed the following resolutions:
" Resolved, That it is the opinion of this meeting that,
during our'present difficulties and distress, no slaves ought
to be imported into any of the British colonies on this c®n-
tinent; and we take this opportunity of declaring our most
earnest wishes to see an entire stop forever put to such a
wicked, cruel, and unnatural trade.
" Resolved, That it is the opinion of this meeting that a
solemn covenant and association should be entered into by
the inhabitants of all the colonies for this purpose."
Was this declaration to be understood as only
against the slave trade ? I think not, but do think
it was intended as a fatal stroke at the whole
system of slavery. They did not regard slavery
as a blessing; for if they had sp regarded it they
never would have thus attempted to cripple and
destroy it, by preventing the importation of slaves.
In this meeting the "Father of his Country"
figured. This meeting met his sanction and
approval, and I am proud to refer to it. I thank
God for the influence of his name in this crisis.
A general meeting on this subject was held at
Williamsburg, Virginia, on the 1st day of Au-
gust, 1774, to which Thomas Jefferson was
, appointed a delegate, but was prevented from
attending by sickness. This great apostle of
Democracy, being anxious to give the weight of
his influence to the good cause, wrote a letter,
addressed to the meeting, from which I will now
: read an extract:
" The abolition of slavery is the greatest object of my
desire in these colonies, where itwas unhappily introduced
■ in their infant state; but previous to the enfranchisement
i of the slaves we have, it is necessary to exclude all further
importations from Africa. Yet our repeated attempts to
| effect this' by prohibitions, and by imposing duties, which
i might amount to a prohibition, have been hitherto defeated
1 by his Majesty's negative: tints preferring the immediate
advantage of a few African corsairs to the lasting interests
: of the American States, and to the rights of human nature,
' deeply wounded by this infamous practice."—American
Archives, 4th series, vol. 1, p. 696.
" The abolition of slavery is the greatest object
. of my desire." Hear the words of the founder
of American Democracy; the words of the " Sage
of Monticello"—words that will live when all
selfishness and slavery will be forgotten. These
words will never die—they are immortal! Why,
sir, this great and good man, this American Dem-
ocrat, contemplated, not only the abolition of
slavery, but the enfranchisement of the African.
He knew what Democracy meant, and what was
due to humanity. Here, too, you can learn the
object of the meetings that were then held in the
colony of Virginia. Their object was not the
abolition of the African slave trade alone, but the
abolition of slavery also. They were anxious to
get rid of a practice he branded as " infamous.
Where could you get stronger language of con-
demnation than from this patriot and statesman
of Virginia against slavery? " An infamous
practice !" Yes, infamous then, when human
