1896.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1173
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Walker.
Ho. of Reps.
was broken up, and its forces scattered. The
Democracy then made & .coffin, and placed the
Whig party into it, and with solemn ceremony
buried it in Long Island sound. An affecting
obituary notice was then published throughout
the whole extent of the countryfin jvery Dem- '
ocratic newspaper, that the Whig party was no
more. Then, sir, there was great rejoicing " be-
cause that destroyer of the peace and happiness
of the country" had passed from existence, and
would never more disturb the peace of the coun-
try.
But, sir, look at the Democracy now. They are
doin  the Whig parly more than justice by claim-
ing that they are the only conservative party in
the country; that its statesmen and orators were
great auxiliaries, in those days, to assist the
Democratic party in its noble work for the peace
and quiet of the country. They need the Whigs
now, and expect to gain them by flattery. That
the Whig party was a noble and gallant party,
no honest man will deny—that it had much to
recommend it, is equally true;and at no time did
the country see so clearly the true position of the
Whig party as now, when all is anarchy and
confusion, and every salutary principle of govern-
ment is prostrated by the misrule of loco focoistn
and despotism. We hear nothing now about
British Whigs, bank-bought Whigs, tones, and
traitors. The time for that kind of bombast is
past; and those defamed statesmen of the Whig
nare appealed to with long and loud appeals
eir patriotism, to come to the rescue of
enking loco focoism and crumbling despotism.
How sudden and how wonderful the change!
How mysterious and perplexing is all thai to the
uninitiated!
When the Kansas-Nebraska act had passed,
this same party denounced the Whig party, and
cautioned the Democracy to stand fast and not
permit that party to take advantage of oar divis-
ions, and thereby ruin the country by their des-
tructive measures, if they got into power. Now,
•ir, those destructive men and measures are just
what they want; and nothing gives them more
pleasure than to hear that some sickly Whig has
joined their ranks. The traducers and vihfiera
of the Whig party are now its eulogizers. Why
do this, gentlemen, without first apologizing for
your wrongs, slanders, and injuries upon that
party? And why, noble, generous, and high-
minded Whigs, do you submit to this flattery and
friendship, without explanation for former insult?
Have you lost your self-respect and dignity as
gentlemen, so as now ignominiously to submit to
their degrading and humiliating appeals to you!
They will despise you when they have used you,
and reproach you for your imbecility and folly.
There is no mistaking the issue now before the
country. If you, as Whigs, believe that slavery
and the slave power should be extended over
mid Nebraska, then it is your duty to
support James Buchanan for President. He is the
only candidate who is pledged to such mischiev-
ous measures, and he is only pledged to the South
on that question, and to the N.orth he looks for
support on the ground of his former predilections
for freedom and opposition to slavery. There is
this that I have to say; if you have no objection
to being cheated, vote for him, and you will
probably be gratified. He is bound to defraud
one half of his supporters, and you have an equal
chance with others. If you believe that freedom
is sectional, and slavery is national, then vote for
him. If you believe that freedom is national, and
slavery sectional, you can never vote for him.
This question to you, gentlemen: Do you be-
lieve that the Democratic party would creep to
you, as it now does, if it did not have imperative
need for you ? Did you ever know them to act
as they are now doing, since you have known
anything of that party ? Never. Now I ask you,
•re you willing .to join your former foes for the
purpose of extending slavery ? Are you willing
to become merged with them as mere rank and
file, to do the drudgery of slavery and of the
Democratic party? If you are prepared for such
menial service, and such abnegation, then go with
them, and they will soon own you, and transfer
you at pleasure to the oligarchs of the South.
Do you believe that, if they had taken a reason-
able contract that they couki execute, they would
crawl like snakes after you ? No, never! Do you
not know that, if they had the power, they would
annihilate the last man of you? Do you not
know that all their pretended regard for you is
only affected, and that they will only appropriate
you to their purposes, ana then cast you off as
unworthy? It seems to me every man of you
should be able to see that.
This further question in illustration of my po-
sition; Did they ever do anything for you when
they had the power ? Did they ever elect or ap-
point any of your men to office or position when
they had the power? Certainly not within my
recollection. They have taken a contract to ex-
tend slavery into Kansas, and they find it more
load than they can carry; and now, when crushed
under their load, they cry lustily for you, noble-
hearted, generous, patriotic Whigs, to relieve
them. Will you do it? The Whigs of the South
will, but the gallant Whigs of the North will not.
They are patriotic and not selfish, and never stop-
port such men and such measures. That they
intended to extend slavery into Kansas, I have
the admission, to all intejps and purposes, of
Hon. James L. Orr, of South Carolina, in his
letter to his constituents,"Written in December
last. ^
What, then, is our duty, as men loving our
country and its free institutions ? what is to be
done? how shall we act ? are questionswe should
solve and each answer satisfactorily to himself.
I answer for myself, that it is my duty to unite
With the friends of freedom and free institutions,
and that I will with fidelity discharge it. I will
think, and speak, and write, for the party of free-
dom, and cast my vote for Fremont andfreeddm.
We should act together, and make common cause
against a common enemy, if we mean to succeed.
Then, I say to all Union-loving men, Whigs,
Democrats, Americans, and Republicans, come,
let us enter this campaign determined to conquer
our deadly enemy. Let us carry the war into
" Africa, and never cease until our enemies shall
cry for quarter. Then we shfcll see the time when
" Truth, crashed to earth, shall rise again;
Th' eternal yeajg of Sod are hers;
But Error, wounded, writhes in pain,
And dies amid her worshipers."
Oar prospects are flattering; and if we are faith-
ful to our country, our families, and ourselves,
we must succeed. " There is no such thing as
fail to those that will." We do not only will,
but we are determined th$t truth shall have its
sway, and justice be done, without regard to con-
sequence*.
Now, sir, in conclusion, I remark, that I have
shown by incontestable evidence that the fathers
of the Republic regarded slavery as a withering
curse—a blight upon the country, and treason
against God; that it is opposed to the £11 de-
velopment of the country, and degradeslabor;
that from its first introduction into the country,
it has been the source of immense mischief, and
a disturber of the peace and good order of the
people; that it has caused dangerous agitation,
and now threatens a disruption of this Union.
That such an institution, with such tendencies,
should find advocates in the free States, is sur-
prising to me, and must be to every candid man.
We must now take things as we find them, and
look to. the future for a coritction. We now
have the alternative fairly before us, and it is left
for us to choose whether we will serve the God
of freedom, or the mammon of slavery. Whom
will you serve ? If you believe in the principles
of the Declaration of American Independence,
you will act with the Republican party, (the
friends of freedom;) but if you repudiate that
glorious Declaration, you .will be proper subjects
for the service Of the mammon of slavery, and
shou]d act with your masters, and vote with your
friends, the filibustering Democracy, or the
Buchanan Democracy, who are pledged both ways
on thisquestion, and will inevitably defraud every
free State man that votes with them, if we are to
believe the southern Democracy, with whom they
are closely allied.
The whole slave power of the South is now
united upon a sectional issue for slavery and its
extension, with the doughfaces of the North.
Whigs, Democrats, disunionists, fire-eaters, and
doughfaces, are now united against freedom in
the North. Sectional and pro-slavery men have
all united in a crusade against freedom. Southern
newspapers are filled with their "pronunciamen-
tos" for slave Democracy ; men that heretofore
denounced Democracy as agrarianism, jacobin-
ism, and worse than despotism, are now shouting
for Buchanan and slavery. Freemen of the North,
I appeal to you as national men, as men who love
freedom, and your whole country, to stand by
: freedom's banner, the flag of your country, the
Constitution and the Union. Let not the cry of a
dissolution ofcthe Union, by hypocritical pretend-
ers, deter you from a faithful discharge of your
duty as American freemen. Let the watchword
, be, Fremont for President and " the Union for-
ever !''  
! presidential election—attitude of par-
j TIES—DtTT V OF SOUTHERN MEN.
| SPEECH OF HON. PERCY WALKER,
OF ALABAMA,
In the House of Representatives,
JJugwt 6, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. WALKER/said:
Mr. Chairman: Much as I disapprove of the
habit of appropriating time which strictly belongs
to legitimate legislation for general debate, merely
to allow gentlemen occasion for expressing their
peculiar views on the great political topics of the
day—in bad taste as I esteem it—I am, notwith-
standing, S9 placed is to be constrained to follow
an example set by others.
It is my purpose to address the committee, or,
to Speak more properly, to address, through this
committee, my own constituents, in order that
they can have no doubt as to what my position *
is, and what my intentions are in regard to the
political canvass now going on. It may have
been observed that ever since the nomination of
Mr. Fillmore, in February last, at Philadelphia,
I have been silent; at least, 1 have abstained from
any public expression of my opinions as to the
merits of this or that candidate for the highest
office of the country. This has not been from
any indifference to the result. It has not been
from any indisposition to canvass the claims or
examine the avowed opinions of the candidates.
On t!he contrary, sir, this silence has been forced
upon me by an earnest desire to wait for develop-
ments, to observe the movement of parties, to see
how men holding leading positions in this or that
party should define themselves, in order that I
might take the whole as a guide, as lights in my
own path, thereby insuring to myself at least some
certainty that the path I should eventually take in
this canvass might be a safe and a wise one—such
a one as a main moved by right instincts, mindful
of his allegiance to the Constitution, and hopeful
of the perpetuity of the Union, so long as it shall
subserve the great purposes of its creation, should
take. It is known to many members of this com- •
mittee, that in February last, I was a delegate to
the convention by which Mr. Fillmore was nomin-
ated for the Presidency.
In April last, I addressed a letter to an editor -
in my own State, and that has been the only-oc-
casion upon which I have, in any public form,
alluded to the coming election. That letter was
as follows:
Washington, Afrit 4,1856
To thb Editor or thb Florence Gaze+tb :
Sir : Through the kindness.of a friend, I have this nWr
ment received the following slip, cut from a late number of
your paper, and copied, as I am informed by you, from t|#
Nashville Banner, viz:
" Percy Walker, of Alabama, made a speeeh against
introduction of slavery into an American platform. He
would tell his southern brethren that Pennsylvania would
never sustain a platform with a slavery plank on it. He
ifould tell them that the great North would not stand upon
a slavery platform. The great North demanded a restora-
tion of the Missouri compromise, and they would be satis-
fied with nothing less than that. If they refused admission
to the Edie council, they must, on the same ground, throw
out all the delegates from the North,- for they all repudiated
the twelfth section." .
The above is published a® purporting to have been said
by me in the late « NationaT American Convention at
^TatoH^for granted that there can be no desire, either
on vour Dart or that of the editor of thfeBanner, to do me
an wrong, I am satisfied thafyou will allow om
