1174
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 6t
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Walker.
Ho. of Reps.
room in your columns to declare emphatically that there is
not a word of truth in the above extract. I used no such
language as is there attributed to me. I was one of the
committee on credentials, and concurred in the minority
report, protesting against the admission of the " Edie del-
egates,'' as they were called, upon the ground that they
were appointed by the councils that had repudiated the ;
twelfth section of the platform of June, 1855. After the read-
ing of the reports, Mr. Baldwin, of Connecticut, addressed
the convention in favor of the majority report, which rec-
ommended the admission of the "Edie delegation." He
contended that the question of slavery should lie left out of
the platform; that it was the intention of the North to fight
that question in the halls of Congress; that there must be
a restoration qf the Missouri restriction, When he con-
cluded, 1, at the request of Mr Imboden, of Virginia, the
author of the " minority report," took the floor in support
of that report. I spoke nearly two hours, reviewing the
history of parties for several years back, especially in rela-
tion to slavery, defending the institution as being in no sense
an evil, and declaring emphatically that the "southern :
Americans" ought not. and would not, consent to an ignor-
ing of the question or slavery, or the, repudiation of the
twelfth section.
It is unnecessary for me to attempt to give even the sub-
stance of the speech. But no one who heard it considered
it otherwise than a southern-rights speech. As an evidence
of this, I may be pardoned for saying that at its conclusion
southern delegates, of the strictest State-rights school,
thanked me for what they were pleased to term my "full
and triumphant vindication of the South."
A short time after I had concluded, and before the con-
vention adjourned over, I left the hall. At a late hour that
night I was informed that the " Edie delegates " had been
admitted. That circumstance, and the character of the
speeches which I was informed bad been made by northern i
members after I bad returned to my hotel, determined me j
to withdraw from the convention, aiid I did so next morn- ,
ing.
On the following Monday a proposition was offered by a
northern delegate, declaring that the restriction should be
restored. This was voted down by a majority of nearly one
hundred, several southern States not being represented.
Thia vote, and the urgent solicitations of southern delegates,
inducedme to return to the convention. The propriety of this
step I shall not now discuss. That I design doing at another
time, and through a different medium. My reasons for
voting for Mr. Fillmore in the convention will then be made
public. Suffice it for the present to say, that the southern
membe rs were assured that he was for maintaining all the
existing law* upon the subject of slavery.
A word more, and I have done. My coarse in die ensuing
presidential contest will be governed by what I conceive to
be my duty to the Soutk. The indications now are that the
question of slavery is to be the controlling one, and in that
event no southern man can permit parly allegiance to
stand between him and the solemn duty of cooperating
with those who most fully recognize his rights and are
ready to protect his interests.
Bepectfully yours, &c., PERCY WALKER.
I propose, in the first place, to account for my
presence in that convention, and for my action
there.
Some months after I had taken my seat upon
thi* floor, I received a notice that I had been
appointed a delegate to that convention by the
American party of Alabama. As an evidence of
the spirit and purposes by which the Alabama
convention was governed, I refer to the following
portions of its platform:
" 1. Resolved, That, as the institution of slavery existed
in the States of the Confederacy prior to the adoption of !
the Constitution of the United States, and as the right to
bold slaves as property was conceded by the framers of the
Constitution, and fully recognized therein, therefore slavery
exists independently of the Constitution; and, as slavery
is recognized and sanctioned by the Constitution, Congress,
which derives all its powers from that instrument, cannot
legislate on the subject of slavery, except for its protection
Where it legally exists; that the Territories are the com-
mon property of all the States, and therefore the people of
all the States have the right to enter upon and occupy any
, territory with their slaves as well as other property, and are
protected by the Constitution and the flag of the country;
that Congress has no right to legislate slavery into nor to
to exclude it from a Territory; and that neither Congress
nor a Territorial Legislature has any right or power to legis-
late on the subject, except so far as may be necessary to
protect the citizens of the Territory in the possession and
enjoyment of their slave property.
"2. Resolved, That the power to exclude slavery from,
or establish it in, a Territory, resides exclusively in a con-
vention of the people of such Territory, legally assembled
under the Constitution of the United States, to form a State
constitution preparatory to admission into the Union. In
that constitution the people of the Territory have the sole j
right and the exclusive power to determine for themselves
whether slavery shall or shall not exist in said Territory.
" 3. Resolved, That the opposite of the doctrines en\-
bodied in the two preceding resolutions, commonly known
as 'squatter sovereignty,'is utterly repudiated, and con-
demned by this convention as violative of the spirit of the
Constitution, and an insidious and alarming infringement
upon the rights of the slaveholding States; that it is inde-
fensible in principle and dangerous in practice as the Wil-
mot proviso—' the most monstrous doctrine ever advanced
by an American statesman'—and the people of the South
ought not to, and will not, submit to it.
" 4. Resolved, That this convention regards a strict ad-
herence to the principles and views contained in the fore-
going resolutions absolutely essential to the peace and
perpetuity of the Union; and we do pledge ourselves, one
to the other, that we will affiliate with no party, nor support
any man for office, under the government of the State, or
of the United States, who does not publicly and unequivo-
cally avow the principles of these resolutions, without
change or abatement.
" 5. Resolved, That, in view of the increased dangers
that threaten the institutions of the South, this convention
deems it necessary to, and does hereby, reindorse and adopt
the following, known as the ' Georgia platform,' to wit:
' That the State of Alabama, in the judgment of this con-
vention, will and ought to resist, even (as a last resort) to
a disruption of every tie which binds her to the Union, any
action of Congress upon the subject of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, or in places subject to the jurisdiction of
Congress, incompatible with the safety, the domestic tran-
quillity, the rights and honor of the slaveholding States; or
any act suppressing the slave-trade between the slavehold-
ing States, or any refusal to admit as a State any Territory
applying, because of the existence of slavery therein ; or
any act prohibiting the introduction of slaves into the Terri-
tories ; or any act repeali ng or materially modifying the laws
now in force for the recovery of fugitive slaves.''
At the same time, that convention pledged itself
to carry out the following resolution which had
been adopted by a convention of the same party
in November, 1855:
" Congress has no power to legislate upon the question
of slavery in the States afaere it exists, or to exclude any
State from admission inro the Union because its constitu-
tion does, or does not, reuignize the institution of slavery,
or to abolish slavery in tire "District of Columbia. The fugi-
tive slave law should be maintained and rigorously en-
forced. No law or regulation shall be attempted by Con-
gress touching the question of slavery in the Territories;
but that it shall cease to agitate the question of slavery in
any form. We regard a strict adherence to the principles
and views of this section absolutely essential to the peace
and perpetuity of the Union ; and we do pledge ourselves,
one to the other, that we will affiliate with no party, nor
support any man for office, under the State or of the United
States, who does not publicly and unequivocally avow the
principles of this section, without change or abatement."
The State convention also expressed the opin-
ion that the American party should make no nom-
inations for the Presidency or Vice Presidency at
the February convention. Similar action had
been taken by the party in Georgia, and I think
in some other of the southern States. Before the
holding of that convention in Philadelphia, the
National Council of the American party had as-
sembled there, and had taken action. 1 was not a
member of that council. It adopted a platform.
Before I take my seat I propose to discuss it.
When the convention met, a controversy arose
as to the right of delegates from the State of Penn-
sylvania to seats on that floor. What part I took
in regard to that controversy is shown in my
letter above quoted.
My friends from Tennessee, [Messrs. Zolli-
coffer and Ready,] who were there as dele-
gates, will recollect that I then said that the
southern Americans ought not to, and would not,
consent'to an ignoring of the question of slavery,
or the repudiation of the twelfth section, as con-
tained in the June platform of 1855; that they
would not be willing to take any man, however
pure Al however exalted he might be, if, by the
action of the convention or council, acting for the
party, speaking by its authority, and assuming
to be the exponent of its opinions and views on
this great question, that section should be stricken
from the platform. I said that, in that event, the
American party South would no longer harmonize
with those members living north of Mason and
Dixon's line.
The convention adopted no platform; nor did
it give any formal sanction to the one framed by
the council a few^ays previously. Indeed, the
southern members generally denied the authority
of the council to prescribe any platform, and acted
in convention without reference to what had been
done in the council.
Before my return to the convention, it became
manifest that a large majority were in favor of
nominating candidates for the Presidency and
Vice Presidency. The more conservative mem-
bers believed that nominations at that time were
essential to the interests of the party—that delay
might possibly add such strength to George Law
as to insure his nomination, and that such a
selection would be disastrous. Again, it was
feared that an adjournment of the convention
without making nominations would involve the
risk of defections in the northern States, in
consequence of the prevalence of anti-slavery
opinions.
Mr. Fillmore was put in nomination, and I
voted for him, and for the following reasons:
He was the least objectionable candidate pro-
posed. He was respected for his prudence and
moderation as a publiqman. His administration,
without having been at all brilliant, had been
characterized by fairness and dignity, and, in
the main, had commanded the approval of the
country. |Ie iras supposed to be able to rally
to his support a larger share of the conservative
men of the North than any of his competitors,
and would thereby weaken the sectional move-
ment in the free States against the rights and
interests of the South. I voted for him in my
representative capacity as a delegate, feeling con-
fident that the party in Alabama preferred him
to either of the other candidates voted for.
It is true that Mr. Fillmore had been a Whig,
while my former affinities and connections were
Democratic; yet, in joining the American party,
which I believed to be a great reform movement,
I laid aside all my old party prejudices.
I had looked at this new movement as one
needed by the country, as required by a general
necessity—as a movement springing from the
great masses of the country, who had becoma
tired with the miserable scramble for the spoils,
and whose patriotism would preserve this Union
intact. I voted, therefore, for Mr. Fillmore; but
it is known to those who were there that I uni-
formly said that I would support no man who
stood upon the platform which had been adopted
by the council of February, 1856. My* friend
from Tennessee, [Mr. Zollicoffer,] and my
friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Lake,] who were
members of that convention, will bear me wit-
ness that it was generally declared that Mr. Fill-
more was nominated without reference to this
platform, and that many members of the con-
vention denied the power of the council to make
the platform binding upon the party.
Well, sir, what followed ? Mr. Fillmore re-
turned to this country from his European visit.
In his letter of acceptance, dated at Paris, what
does he say? After returning his acknowledg-
ments for the honor conferred upon him, and
expressing Iiis opinion of the patriotic purposes
of the party, he employs" the following language:
" So estimating this party, both in its present position and
future destiny, I freely adopt its great leading principles, as
announced in the recent declaration of the Nutional Coun-
cil in Philadelphia, a copy of which you were so kind as to
inclose to me, holding them to be just and liberal to every
true interest of the country, and wisely adapted to the
establishment and support of an enlightened, safe, and
effective American policy, in full aecord with the ideas and
the hopes of the toilers of our Republic."
He there unequivocally adopts and indorses
the council platform. A comparison of that plat-
form with that of June, 1855, will clearly snow
that the relation between Mr. Fillmore and the
southern members of the convention who had
supported him were-entirely changed. They
| contended that the twelfth section of the June plat-
form of 1855 was still in force, and binding upon
i the party. That section, in itsessential features,
I had been repudiated and stricken out by the ceun-
cil, and Mr. Fillmore, in accepting the nomina-
tion, plants himself on the platform erected by
j the last council. The twelfth section is as fol-
lows:
"XIX. The American party, having arisen upon the ruins,
  and in spite oCihe opposition, of the Whig and Democratic
parties, cannot be in any manner responsible for the obnox-
ious acts or violated pledges of either. And the systematic
[ agitation ef the slavery question by those parties having
' elevated sectional hostility into a positive element of politi-
cal power, and brought our institutions into peril, it has
therefore become the imperative duty of the American
j party to interpose for the purpose of giving peace to the
country, and perpetuity to the Union. And as experience
I has shown it impossible to reconcile opinions so extreme
as those which separate the disputants, and as there can be
, no dishonor in submitting to the best guarantee of common
I justice and of future peace, we are determined to abide by
i and maintain the existing laws upon the subject of slavery,
as a final and conclusive settlement of that subject, in spirit
and in substance. . .
"And regarding it the highest duty to avow their opinions
upon a subject so important, in distinct and unequivocal
terms, it is hereby declared, as the sense of this National
Council, that Congress possesses no power, under the ^°a-
; stitution, to legislate upon the subject of slavery in tne
' States where it does or may exist, or to exclude any state
from admission into the Union because its constitution does
or does not recognize the institution of slavery as a part ot its
social system; and, expressly pretermitting any expression
of opinion upon the power of Congress to establish or pro-
hibitslavery in any Territory, it is the sense of the National
Council that Congress ought not to legislate upon the sub-
ject of slavery within the Territories of the United States,
and that any interference by Congress with slavery as it
