1856.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1175
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Walker.
Ho. of Reps.
exist* in the District of Columbia would be a violation of
thr spirit and intention of the compact by which the State
of Maryland ceded the District to the United States, and a
breach of the national faith."
It will be seen that tliis section pledges the
party " to abide by and maintain tne existing
laws" upon the subject of slavery as a final and
conclusive settlement of that subject, in spirit and
in substance." This, of course, includes that
section of the Kansas-Nebraska bill which re-
pealed the Missouri restriction of 1820, and also
the fugitive slave law. • i
The twelfth section also declares " that Con-
gress possesses no power, under the Constitution,
to legislate upon the subject of slavery in the
States where it does or may exist, or to exclude
any State from admission into the Union because
'its constitution does or does not recognize the
Institution of slavery as a part of its social sys-
tem.'" It also declares "that Congress ought
not to legislate upon the subject of slavery within
the Territories of the United States," &c.
Well, sir, what is the platform of February
SI, 1856, and what changes did it make on that
of June, 1855? Here it is:
" 1. Ait humble acknowledgment of the Supreme Being
vrho rules the universe for his protecting care vouchsafed
to our fathers in their successful revolutionary struggle, and
hitherto manifested to us, their descendants, in the pres-
ervation of the liberties, the independence, and the Union
of these States.
" The perpetuation of the Federal Union as the palladium _
of our civil and religious liberties, and the only sure bulwark a gressionaj action,
of American independence. " The obir.ct of th
"3. .Americans mutt rale America; and to this end notice-
said party all American pitizeos (referred to in third, fourth,
and fifth sections) who openly avow the principles and
opinions heretofore expressed, and who will subscribe their
names to this platform; provided, nevertheless, that a ma-
jority of those members present at any meeting of a local
council, where an applicant applies for membership in the
American party, may, for any reason by them deemed suf-
ficient, deny admission to such applicant.
" 15. A free and open discussion of all political princi-
ples embraced in our platform."
Now, in the first place, it will be observed that
this platform studiously avoids the use of the
word slavery from beginning to end. The twelfth
section of the old platform declared that it was
the highest duty to avow their opinion upon so
important a subject as slavery.
The council of 1856 admitted no such obliga-
tion, and evidently sought to keep the party un-
committed on that question.
The twelfth section of the old platform insisted
upon an adherence to, and a maintenance of," ex-
isting laws upon the subject of slavery."
The new platform only pledged its framers, in
general terms, to the " maintenance and enforce-
ment of all laws until said laws are declared null
and void by competent judicial authority." So
far as this refers to laws affecting slavery, it is a
complete repudiation of the June platform, for
the latter declared those laws to be final and con-
clusive; and by such declaration arraying the
party against any attempt to make those laws
the subject of litigation in the courts, or of con-
The object of the council of June, 1855, was to
put down agitation upon the subject of slavery;
born citizens should be selected for all State, Federal, and f,— " -ra-r   -r --- •>" r~ -- - --■>   i
municipal offices, or Government employment, in prefer- the effect of the action of the council of looo was ;,
to renew that agitation, by making the laws !
relative to slavery the subject of investigation.
Besides, the new platform, in express terms, con-
demns the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
and, in doing so, impliedly binds those who have
adopted that platform to a restoration of the Mis-
souri restriction.
To sum up the differences in the two platforms: !.
1. That of June, 1855, regards " existing laws |
upon the subject of slavery as fined and conclu- [
sive." That of February, 1856, contains no such j
avowal; but,on the contrary, contemplates either
their repeal through the legislative department or 1
their annulment by the judicial tribunals. I
2. In June, 1855, it was declared " that Con-
gress had no power to exclude any State from
admission into the Union because its Constitu-
tion does or does not recognize the institution of
slavery as a part of its social system." In Feb-
ruary, 1856, the council passes this matter over,
makes no stich declaration, shrinks from doing
that which the South had a right to expect, and
thus fails to afford any guarantee of the safeaction
of the party in the future.
3. The first platform declares " that Congress
ought not to legislate upon the subject ojjplavery
within the Territories of the United States, and
that any interference by Congress with slavery
as it exists in the District of Columbia would be
a violation of the spirit and intentions of the
compact by which the State of Maryland ceded
the District to the United States, and a breach of
the national faith."
The last platform contains no such avowal;
neither approves nor condemns further legislation
by Congress upon the subject of slavery in the
Territories, nor denounces any interference with
slavery in the District of Columbia.
4. fn the most unmistakable terms it deprecates
the repeal of the Missouri compromise, which
repeal was sanctioned by the platform of June,
1855.
"Well, sir, we have seen, by his letter of May
last, that Mr. Fillmore adopts a platform that
takes from the party all claim to nationality, and
releases it from its former pledges to abide by and
maintain laws that are all-essential to the rights
of the South, the equality of States, and the
peace of the Union. •
But, although I regarded the sentiments ex-
pressed in that letter as fully exonerating me
from any obligation to support Mr. Fillmore, I
yet determined to await his return to the United
States, and see what course he should take after
he had an opportunity of learning precisely the
condition of affairs, and the real position of the
party.
After his return, and on his journey from New
ence to naturalized citizens; nevertheless,
'■ 4. Persona born of American parents residing tempo- !
nrily abroad should be entitled to all the lights « native- J
born citizens ; but
'• 5. No person shall be selected for political station
(whether native or foreign birth) who recognizes any alle-
giance, or obligation of any description, to any foreign
prince, potentate, or power, or who refuses to recognize ,
the Federal and State constitutions (each within iu sphere)
as paramount to all other laws as rules of political action.
" 6. The unqualified recognition and maintenance of the
reserved rights of the several States, and th# cultivation of
harmony and fraternal good-will between the citizens of the :
yeveral States, and, to this end, non-interference by Con- '
gress with questions appertaining solely to the individual ;
State*, aad Ma-intervention by each State. !
" 7. The recognition of the right of the native-born and ,
naturalized citizens of the United States, permanently re- {
sidmg in any Territory thereof, to frame their constitution
and laws, and to regulate their domestic and social affairs
in their own mode, subject only to the provisions of the
Federal Constitution, with the right of admission into the
Union whenever they have the requisite population for one :
Representative in Congress; provided, always, that none 1j
but those who are citizens of the United States, under the 11
constitution and laws thereof, and who have a fixed rem- ; i
dence in any such Territory, ought to participate in the :
formation of the constitution^ or in the enactment of laws
for said Territory or State. ]
"8. An enforcement of the principle that no State or >
Territory can admit others than native-born citizens to the '
right of suffrage, or of holding political office, unless such i
persons shall have been naturalized according to the laws |
of the United States. j
"9. A change in th* laws of naturalisation, making a j
continued (evidence of twenty-one years, of all not hereto- j
fore provided for, an indispensable requisite for citizenship
hereafter, and excluding all paupers and persons convicted j
of crime from landing upon our shores; but no interference i
with the vested rights of foreigners. i
"10. Opposition to any union between Church and state;
no interference with religious faith or worship, and no test
oaths for office, except those indicated in the fifth section
of this platform. ' . „
" 11. Free and thorough investigation into any and all
alleged abuses of public functionaries, and a strict economy
in public expenditures.
" 12. Maintenance and enforcement of all laws, until said
Unri are declared null and void by competent judicial
authority. , . .
" 13. Opposition to the reckless and unwise policy o I the
present Administration in the general management of our
national affairs, and far more especially as shown in re-
moving 'Americans' (by designation) and conservatives
in principn. from office, and placing foreigners and ultraists
in their places; as shown in truckling subserviency to toe
stronger, and insolent and cowardly bravado towards the
weaker powers; as shown in reopening sectional agitation
by the repeal of the Missouri compromise; as shown in
■mating to unnaturalized foreigners the right of suffrage in
t.n... and Nebraska; as shown in its vaccillating course
on the Kansas and Nebraska question; as shown in the
removal of Judge Bronson from the collectorship of New
York, upon false and untenable grounds; as shown in the
corruptions which pervade some of the departments of the
Government; as shown in disgracing meritorious naval
officers through prejudice or capricey as shown in the
blundering mismanagement of our foreign relations.
" 14. Therefore, to remedy existing evils, and prevent
the disastrous consequences otherwise resulting therefrom,
we would build up the 6 American party' upon the princi-
ples hereinbefore stated, eschewing all sectional questions,
and aniting upon those purely national, and admitting into
York to his home, he made several speeches
explanatory of his opinions upon public affairs.
At Rochester he is reported as follows:
'• Mr. Fillmore said that he had no reason to disguise his
sentiments on the subject of the Missouri compromise,
which seemed to be the chief source of the unfortunate
agitations that now disturb the peace of the country. He
said that it would be recollected when he came into the
Administration the country was agitated from center to
circumference with tl e exciting subject of slavery. This
question was then .forced upon the country by the acquisi-
tion of new territories, and he feared that the eloquent
address of the chairman gave him more credit for the set-
tlement of that question than he was entitled to, but not
more, however, than he would have de^rved had his
power equaled his desire. But the truth was, that many
noble patriots, Whigs and Democrats, in both Houses of
Congress, rallied around and sustained the Administration
at this trying time, and to them was chiefly due the merit
of settling this exciting controversy.
" Those measures usually called the compromise meas-
ures of 1850, (he continued,) were not in all respects what
I would have desired, but they were the best that could
be obtained after a protracted discussion of this subject,
which shook this Republic from its center to its circumfer-
ence, and I felt bound to give them my official approval.
Not only this; but perceiving there was a disposition to
renew the agitation, I took the responsibility of declaring,
in substance, in my annual message, that I regarded these
measures as a ' final settlement' of this question, and that
the laws thus passed ought to be maintained until time and
experience should demonstrate the necessity of modifica-
tion or repeal. I then thought that this exciting subject
was at an end, and that there would be no further occasion
to introduce it into the legislation of Congress.
" Territorial governments had been provided for all the
territory except that covered by the Missouri compromise,
and I had no suspicion that that was to be disturbed. I
have no hesitation m saying—what most of you know
already—that I was decidedly opposed to the disturbance
of that compromise. Good faith, as well as the peace of
the country, seemed to me to require that a compromise .
which had stood for more than thirty years should not be
wantonly disturbed. These were my sentiments then,
fully and fearlessly expressed, verbally and in writing, to
all my friends, North and South, who solicited my opinion.
" This repeal seems to have been a Pandora's box, out of
which issued all the evils which now afflict the country,
without scarcely leaving hope behind," &e.
«
Now, sir, take this language; weigh it; strain
after a meaning to suit your party purpose as an
American, northern or southern; examine it with
all the anxiety of a partisan who hopes to obtain
from them new strength for his candidate; I say,
examine it as you will, it must be considered as
a decided condemnation of the repeal of the Mis-
souri restriction. He speaks of the compromise
of 1850; he tells us what was then tjie condition
of the country, and the inducements .which per-
suaded him to lend hi* sanction to that series of
compromise mwittirts. He then goes on to speak
of the excitement prevailing at this time in conse-
' quence of the agitation of the slavery question.
He addresses his hearers in an apologetic tone of
his indorsement of the compromise measures of
1850. He refers to the Nebraska and Kansas act
as a " Pandora's box "—as reopening the slavery
agitation. He also states that the compromise of
1850 did not embrace the territory covered by the
Missouri restriction, and that he had no suspicion
that the latter would be disturbed, and that he was
decidedly opposed to its repeal.
Well, just here I call the attention of the com-
mittee to this portion of his language, because it
is most significant, and perhaps has had as much
or more than anything else to do in forming my
judgment as to his position. He says that ha
regarded the compromise of 1850 as a complete
!i settlement, so far as applied to the territory not
covered by the Missouri restriction; or, in other
words, that, in his judgment, the act of 1820
applied to territory not covered by the compro-
mise measures of 1850. Now, sir, see how this
is. It cannot be successfully denied that the
Missouri compromise was, in fact,superseded by
that of 1850. "We know that a large portion of
Utah Territory lies north* of the parallel of ,3(P
30'; that a large portion of the Territory of New
Mexico lies north of 36° 30'; you will find that a
considerable portion of the territory just below
the southern boundary line of Kansas, within the
Louisiana purchase, and north of 36° 30', is
owned by the Indians; and that, under acts of
Congress and certain treaties with the Indians,
slavery has been introduced, and still exists
i therein. It is thus apparent that the territorial
j bills of Utah and New Mexico embraced territory
| covered by the Missouri compromise, and that,
j as those bills did not contain the slavery restric-
; tion in the compromise of 1820, it was clearly
' abrogated. That not only is this so, but that the
