1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1177
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Barksdale.
Ho. of Reps.
the Fillmore banner, and canvass my district.
But if I know myself, Mr. Chairman, I cannot
be governed by any such personal ambition. I
must do what I conceive to be my duty, not
merely as a southern man, but a duty enjoined
upon me by the allegiance I owe to the great
organic law. I trust that, in taking the course I
have pointed out for myself to-night, I am gov-
erned by suggestions of a higher patriotism than
that which generally rules parties. I trust that,
no matter how this may end, whether I am borne
down by the overwhelming tide of party wrath,
or whether, from the very fact of my own inde-
pendence, I may be allowed to preserve my own
humble way, in any event, the charge will not be
laid at my door that I have been either recreant
to my own sectional duties, forgetful of my own
personal respect, regardless of the rights of any
portion of our Confederacy, or that I ever turned
my back upon the claim which the Constitution
has upon my allegiance.
Mr. Chairman, we have heard much to-night
from the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Ready]
on the subject of disunion. Time was, sir, when
that word grated on an American ear. Time was
when no man allowed himself to weigh or debate
the value of the Union. Time was when the Mas-
sachusetts man and the Louisiana man acknowl-
edged the sovereignty of their respective States.
Time was when the law was obeyed through-
out the length and breadth of this land—when
every man, whether living North or South, yielded
a ready obedience to the enactments of his State
Legislature, tPnd above all, when no man dreamed
of treason to the Constitution of the United States.
These times have passed away, and we now pre-
sent before the world the spectacle of a divided
and broken people—a people swayed by sectional
hate, having no thoughts in common—a people
not cut up merely by geographical lines, but a
people sundered by greater and more impassable
barriers—a people having no common affection—
a people acknowledging no mutuality of obliga-
tions—a people engaged in a fierce sectional strife,
and seemingly not caring whether it ends in dis-
union or in the subjugation of one section of the
Union to the other.
Sir, these are, indeed, lamentable times. Is
there no remedy? I confess that I see none,
unless it is to be found in individual thought and
individual action. Parties have ceased to be effi-
cacious for any general good. Parties are banded
together merely to carry out some party object.
They are no longer governed by any high motive.
That purity and integrity which formerly, char-
acterized them has long^ since ceased to exist.
It seems to me, as I have said, that if any remedy
•is left it is to be found in individual action. Men
must recall the lessons of their boyhood, their
early lessons of love and affection for the consti-
tutional Union—the sense of constitutional duty
must be their thoughts by day and their dreams
by night—they must carry themselves back to
the wells of our early history, and draw there-
from fresh draughts of patriotism.
Mr. Chairman, I have spoken very discur-
sively, very ramblingly, because I have not had
time previously to arrange my thoughts.^ But I
trust that I have with sufficient clearness stated
the reasons that influenced my action. In fixing
upon my line of conduct, I have acted as in my
opinion every man coming from my section
should—a section linked as it is for weal or for
woe with the institution of slavery; an institution
forming, as it were, the very. life-blood of our
State governments, and to defend which is our
most solemn duty.
APPENDIX.
To the Jtmerican parly of the Firtt CXmgreuional DUtrut
of Jllabama.
I beg jon to read the foregoing speeeh, in which my
reasons for not supporting Mr. Fillmore are given. As I
wag elected chiefly by your votes to the seat I hold in Con-
gress, I feel it due to you to say that, if the course I have
prescribed for myself in the presidential election renders
me, in your judgment, unfit to farther represent you, I hold
myMtf ready to resign whenever you may meet in county
conventions, and express a desire that I should do so. It
is only through sach assemblages that I could ascertain,
with any certainty, your wishes. Thanking you for the con-
fidence you have heretofore reposed in me, I am, respect-
fully, yours, Ilc., PiiECV WAi iKKR.
WMumnroN, .a*g*rt7, 185ft.
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. W. BARKSDALE,
OF MISSISSIPPI,
In the House or Representatives,
July 23,1856,
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. BARKSDALE said: To the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union I pro-
pose to speak of the approaching presidential
election, on which I believe, more than on any
former election, depends th« fate of the Union,
the hopes of our country, and, Mr. Chairman, the
hopes of constitutional liberty, as involved in the
success of this our experiment in representative
government. In past presidential contests, parties
nave been divided upon questions, not affecting
alike the interests of every section of the Union,
it is true, but national in their character, and all
felt that the triumph of the one did not necessarily
involve the degradation or dishonor of the other.
Now, however, an issue plainly local and sectional
in its character has been boldly and defiantly j
forced upon the country. The coming conflict,
then, sir, will he for the Constitution, for State
rights, and for everything, in fact, which is dear
and sacred to one half of the Confederacy.
Without attempting a discussion of the details
of the different parties, I shall confine my remarks
to the tiuwfe principal ones, which are now seek-
ing the confidence of the people and the control
of the Government—the Know Nothing, Black
Republican, and Democratic parties." The Know
Nothing party is of but recent origin. It came
upon the county at the hour of midnight, and
has concealed its purposes from jmblic scrutiny
and investigation. In its beginning it had, and,
so far as we are informed, it now has, its sig^a,
grips, pass-words, oaths, and all the parapher-
nalia of a secret organization. These cabalistic
characters may be useful in institutions purely
social and benevolent, but in political organiza-
tions they must ever wield an influence for evil.
A Representative cannot suffer himself to be
trammeled by them. He challenges the closest
scrutiny into his political principles and conduct.
In speaking of these parties, and the candidates
under whose names they severally rally, I shall
resort to facts and figures in the history of the
country. > I have already remarked that the der
signs of the Know -Nothings were at first kept
hid from .public view,but time developed that
they sought to extend or repeal the naturalization
laws, and to exclude foreigners and Roman Cath-
olics from office. Fruitful as these topics are for
thought and reflection, it is not my purpose now,
atlength, to discuss them. The following is the
oath which was administered to the initiates in
many portions of Mississippi:
" Oath—You do solemnly and unreservedly swear, with-
out hesitatipn, evasion, or mental, reservation, never to
divulge any sign, pass-word, or. grip, that you may receive,
or expose, or cause to be exposed, any paper or papers of
this order that may come into your possession, or the name
of any person you may see here; and, furthermore, that you
wiU never vote for any person but native-bom citizens to
all offices of honor, trust, or profit, to the exclusion of ail
aliens, foreigners, and Roman Catholics in particular; and,
should you prove untrustworthy, you will submit to have
your name published in all the different societies throughout
the several States in the Union as one not worthy to be
trusted, either in business or office: all this you swear, in
the presence of God and on the flag of your country."
It will be observed that they were required to 1
take this obligation, under a terrible penalty, to
vote for none but native-born citizens for all offices
of honor, trust, or profit,, to the exclusion of for-
eigners and Roman Catholics. In excluding
foreigners and Roman Catholics from office, then,
they are violating the spirit and genius of our
institutions, and disregarding the most sacred
guarantees of the Constitution.
But what has been the practical- effect of this
organization upon the country during the short
period of its existence ? The following table will
show that it elected to this House ninety mem-
bers, eighty-four of whom voted for Mr. Banks
for Speaker, and are now, with one or two ex-
ceptions, zealously cooperating with the Black
Republican party; and that all the Governors
and Senators elected by it in the northern States
are enlisted under the banner of Fremont and
Dayton.
Mr. VALK. The gentleman from Mississippi
says that a certain number of individuals were
elected to this House as Americans by the Abo-
litionists. I wish to say, they were elected as
Americans, by American votes, and expected to
carry out American principles. If, after getting
here, they have repudiated those principles, the
American party is not to blame for it.
Mr. BARKSDALE. They were Abolitionists
before they joined the Know Nothing party; and
they have been true to their Abolitionism, as the
record they have made for themselves here clearly
proves. Here are the tables:
Btates.
£M-a
Maine.
i New Hampshire
Vermont.,
Massachusetts..
Rhode Island.... 2
Connecticut.... 4
New Kork... — . 17
N ew Jersey  4
Pennsylvania...., 18
Ohio  15
Indiana  6
Illinois  2
3
Michigan.
Iowa 
13
4
11
15
6
2
3
Entire delegation Know
Not!) ing.
Entire delegation Know
Nothing-
Entire delegation Know
Nothing.
Entire delegation Know
Nothing.
All the Anti-Nebraska-
ites Know Nothings.
All the Anti-Nebraska-
ites Know Nothings.
All the Anti-Nebraska-
ites Know Nothings.
Number of Know Nothings elected ftom the North90
Number of those whovoted for Bonks at someone time. 84
No northern Know-Nothing voted for a Na-
tional man on the last ballot, which was the
crisis.
Governors. (Ml for Frimont and Dayton at this time.)
Maine Elected Anson E. Morrill, Abolitionist,
DlluUjAt°^ ^
New Hampshire. .Elected Ralph Metcalfe, Abolitionist, in
place of N. B. Baker, National Demo-
crat.
Massachusetts....Elected Henry 6. Gardner, Abolitionist.
Rhode Island .Elected William W. Hoppin, Aboli-
tionist.
Connecticut. Elected William T. Minor, Abolitionist.
Ohio   Aided in electing Salmon P. Chase,
Abolitionist, in place of William Me-
dill, national Democrat.
Iowa Aided in electing J. W. Grimes, Abo-
litionist.
Wisconsin.... ....Aided in electing C. Bashford, in place
of   Barstow, national Demo-
crat.
Michigan.........Aided in electing KingsleyS. Bingham,
Abolitionist, in place of Barry,
- national Democrat.
Pennsylvania...^. Aided in electing James Pollock, Abo-
litionist, in place of William Bigler,
national Democrat.
Senators elected. (Mlfor Frimont and Dayton at this
time.)
Mains   Aided in sending William P. Fessenden,
Abolitionist, to succeed James W.
Bradbury, national Democrat.
New Hampshire.. Sent John P. Hale and James Bell, Abo-
litionists, to succeed John S.Wells and
Jared W. Williams, national Demo-
crats.
Massachusetts ....Bent Henry Wilson, Abolitionist, to suc-
ceed. Edward Everett, national Whig.
Connecticut Sent Lafayette G. Foster tbr the long
term, and Francis Gillette for the short
term, the former to succeed the latter,
both Abolitionists.
New York Aided in reelecting William H. Seward,
Abolitionist.
Ohio.............Aided in reelecting Benjamin F. Wade,
Abolitionist. ,
Iowa. ......Aided in sending James Harlan, Aboli-
tionist, in place of Augustus C. Dodge,
national Democrat.
Wisconsin Sent Charles Durkee, an Abolitionist.
Illinois   Aided in sending Lyman Trum bull, Abo-
litionist, in place of James Shields,
national Democrat.
Sir, these statistics apeak in a voice of solemn
and eloquent warning to the South. The true
