1856.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1187
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Pearce.
Ho. of Reps.
second reason resolve itself into the first ? And is
rot the great absorbing and only reason of the
South for extending slavery, self-interest—the
desire of gain, in extending a demand and a mar-
ket for a traffic ir. human beings—the extension
of an institution now violently demanded as a
rijrht by the South, ■which eminent southern states-
men, though dead, yet living in the memories of
the people, have denounced as a national curse?
The reasons of the North are more numerous
and more varied. There are in the North a few,
nnd, sir, I may say but few, who are Abolition-
ists—real, bonafide Abolitionists, who would not
only interdict slavery in the Territories, but ex-
tirpate it in the States, regardless of constitutional
rights or social consequences. They found their
hostility upon the conviction that the institution is
a sin against God. They class it with the worst
of sins, and in their misguided zeal would support
measures to procure its abolishment everywhere,
without regard to consequences. But, sir, I have
said there are but few in the North, and I will
say they are fewer now than in former years. If
I understand the principles of that other party in
the North, the East, and the West, now almost
as the stars in heaven for numbers, which you
have seen fit to call the " Black Republican," they,
as a party, have no sympathy with those Abo-
lition mad-caps. No, sir, our patriotism rises
above our prejudices; and, though opposed to
slavery in the abstract, we are willing to stand by
and maintain the compromises of the Constitution
as enacted and established by our fathers. We
are not disposed to interfere with it in the States
where it is already established, because it is se-
cured by the compromises of the Constitution.
We will teach our southern brethren by our ex-
ample some regard for the sacredness of plighted
faith—of the inviolability of compromises. But in
the Territories where slavery does not exist—
where it was absolutely prohibited by a com-
promise which has been ruthlessly and wantonly
destroyed, we are determined to exercise our con-
stitutional rights as freemen to prevent and pro-
hibit its introduction. Who does not know that,
with these conservative views, this party, stig-
matized as " Black Republicans," has alike in-
curred the displeasure, condemnation, and spleen
of the Abolitionists and pro-slavery advocates?
Then, sir, there are others in the North, who
think with many good people in the South, that
slavery is wrong—that it is an evil that has been
entailed on them, and one for which they are not
responsible; and let me tell gentlemen here from
the South, that the great mass of the Republican
party do not condemn them because their section
is blighted with what we think an evil, moral,
social, and national. No, sir, we would rather
sympathize with you than condemn you. We
know how this great curse (as we think it is) came
upon you, and we are ready to defend your con-
stitutional rights in the States, and even the insti-
tution we would so much dread ourselves, know-
ing that you have been educated in the midst of
it, and that all your sympathies and interests are
identified with it. But, as 1 said before, we are
opposed to spreading an evil into virgin soil
where the excuse that it has been entailed cannot
be set up or urged.
But perhaps the great reason why the North,
the East, and the West, oppose the extension of
slavery, maybe characterized as twofold; that is,
self-preservation, and national pride. In view
of these two sentiments, which pervade every
rational and honest heart, let me ask, what good
has the institution of slavery ever done for our
country, to command our admiration or our
approbation ? In answering this question, we
will necessarily have to answer another: it is,
what evil has it done ? But how can we best
answer these questions ? I imagine, by contrast-
ing the North, where slavery does not exist, with
the South, where it has its uninterrupted sway.
And what is the contrast ? What is the difference
in point of population? Does not the North out-
number the South almost ten to one ? Why this
difference? Is the South not as old as the North?
Then why, I ask, this discrepancy in numbers?
Is it not because of the blighting influences of
slavery ? What is the difference in a commercial
point of view? Have we not a great preponder-
ance over the South ? and has not the latter the
same natural advantages for commercial opera-
tions? What is the difference in agricultural pur-
suits, or products? Examine the agricultural
statistics of the North and South, and compare
them, and see if there is not in the result an argu-
ment perfectly irresistible in favor of free labor.
Now look at the almost incredible difference
between the North and the South in point of
manufacturing interests, and see what a sad
commentary you find against slave labor when
compared with free labor. Again, look, if you
please, at the difference between the North and
the South in point of internal improvements.
Why, who does not know that the South is fifty
years behind the North, in this respect? And has
slavery had nothing to do with making this dif-
ference ? See also the contrast between the North
and the South in point of revenue to the General
Government. Will you look at these statistics,
and see? Would that all might not only look
and see, but feel the truth, that the difference
between free labor and slave labor is as the dif-
ference between the light of day and the darkness
of the night.
These, Mr. Chairman,are some of the reasons
why the North is opposed to slave labor, and
thus seek to introduce free, instead of slave labor
into the new States—a labor that gives to freedom
such a superiority in numbers, in commerce, in
manufactures, in agriculture, in internal improve-
ments, and in ability to give a revenue to the
General Government.
Now, if this contrast is a true one—if these
statistics do not lie, it is a matter of self-preser-
vation with the North, that slave labor should not
be introduced into the new States, for this obvious
reason: the northern States have their teeming
millions, whilst the South has but a sparse pop-
ulation; and how rapidly are the former increas-
ing in numbers, not only by a natural process,
but look at the millions of foreigners crowding
our shores, and seeking in this great nation a
home.
Now, how long, at this ratio, will it be before
we are pressed with a population as dense a? that
of the Old World; and do you not observe that
this great foreign element do not, and will not,
locate themselves.in slave States ? There is plenty
of room for them there, and an abundance of
vacant orunoccupied land that might be purchased
at a low rate; but they touch it not, because they
have their own notions of slavery, and associate
with it the idea of tyranny and oppression; and
it was this that led them to leave their own coun-
try to find a home in the land of liberty. Again,
they will not go to slave States, because most of
them are poor, and are seeking employment, and
they find it not there. And let me ask, Mr.
Chairman, what has given our country its great
glory and superiority over other nations? First,
it is because of our republican form of govern-
ment; and secondly, it is because of the length
and breadth of our Territories, the facilities of-
fered to the poor of going to a new country, and
making themselves rich, and providing abund-
antly for their growing families. Why, sir, a
poor man from the North, or a foreigner coming
to this country, with five hundred dollars in his
pocket, can go to Nebraska, orto Kansas, if it is a
free State, and investing his little all in lands, by
industry and economy, make a comfortable living,
and in a few years, when he has passed the me-
ridian of life, and his children have come to man-
hood, he finds himself not only independent, but
his whole family well provided for; the country
has been populated, improvements have been
made, and lie and his family have grown up with
the country, become identified with it, and feel,
as I have said, like independent freemen But
would it be so were slavery introduced there ? Is
it so in slave States ? No ! Look at the great
free West, and tell me what it would have been
if the institution of slavery had been introduced
and tolerated. Her glory then would only be as
the faint glimmering of a star in the dark cloud,
to the brilliancy of the unobscured sun.
I have said, sir, that it is with the North a mat-
ter of self-preservation that compels an opposi-
tion to the introduction of slavery into the Terri-
tories; and I ask, when you look at our immense
and increasing native population, in connection
with the great foreign population coming in upon
us like a flood, and both their interests alike an-
tagonistic to the extension of slavery, do I not
represent the facts and condition of things fairly
and truly? I have also said that national pride
has influenced the North in its opposition to the
extension of slavery; and where is the Ameri-
can who does not, from his national pride, feel
prompted to oppose every obstacle that stands in
the way of national growth and expansion in
population, commerce, agriculture, and general
wealth? Sir, I need not repeat that other reason,
assigned by others—the imperative duty of re-
moving from us, so far as we can constitutionally,
that which has made us, in the eyes of other
nations, a hissing and a by-word. Sir, [ have
heard it said repeatedly on the floor of this House,
that if the party who advocate the doctrine of free
labor in the Territories, or who are opposed to
the extension of slavery, should succeed, that the
Union would be dissolved, and 1 confess that I
have been amazed at these declarations. Now, if
the party opposing the extension of slavery into
the Territories were laboring to disturb that insti-
tution where it already exists in the States, and
where it has existed coeval with the Republic
itself, then I could make some allowance for such
a threat. But I have neither known nor heard of
any attempt to be made by this party upon the
institution where it exists. On the other hand,
this party is as much opposed to any interference
of this kind as any political party in the country;
their only opposition is to its extension—an op-
position invited and legalized, if illegal before, by
the Kansas and Nebraska bill repealing the Mis-
souri compromise. In that bill the friends of the
measure declare that it is the true intent and
meaning of the act not to legislate slavery into or
out of the Territory, but to leave the people free
to say whether they will have slavery or not.
This act only reiterated a right which we alway-*
had, and, though it is believed that the declaration
in the bill was made in duplicity, we claim the
right, as a portion of the people, to say that sla-
very shall not go into the Territories. In theface
of the declaration thus made in the Kansas bill
by the friends of slavery, I would ask,^s the in-
crease of slave territory the only terms on which
the Union can be maintained? Is it so, that the
fair lands of the West are to be appropriated to
slave-breeding, and their wealth and promising
ad vantages, thereby blighted, as the only condi-
tion oFmaintaining the Union? Why, sir, the
North has been charged with fanaticism on this
subject. Is there no fanaticism in such declara-
tions or conditions ? Dissolve the Union because
slavery cannot be extended ! What has it done
that it should be magnified into such importance ?
Will some one write or speak its eulogy? Has
it not cursed your soil, paralyzed the increase of
your population, produced indolence among your
white population, and created indigence and mis-
ery? Are not these and other charges made
against the " institution" true? and yet is it so,
that it must be spread into the Territories, or the
Union be divided? Would it not come with a
better grace from the North, with her crowding
population and her increasing enterprise, to say,
that if slavery shall interpose its blighting, with-
ering influence into the Territories, and there ex-
clude her white population, the Union shall be
dissolved? Yet the North says no such thing;
and I hope she never will so far forget the "mem-
ories of her revered ancestors, or the blood they
poured out in the battles of the Revolution, as to
be guilty of any such consummate folly.
But, Mr. Chairman, notwithstanding these
threats, the people of the free States are in earn-
est, and their determination is as immovable as
the everlasting hills are firmly fixed; and I would
say in all kindness and frankness to gentlemen
here from the South, that they have but an im-
perfect idea of the extent of the anti-slavery ex-
tension spirit of the people of the North. A great
contest is now going on in the nation for the Pres-
idency; and if gentlemen here think that the Re-
publican sentiment is confined to the friends of
Mr. Fremont, they lire greatly mistaken. No,
sir, the feeling is almost as general among the
friends of Mr. Fillmore. Why, sir, in the North,
the American party, in many places, when calling
a Fillmore ana Donelson meeting, head the hand-
bills " Friends pf fr$e49m, rally 1"—and we call
