1186
appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 9,
34tH Con«....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Pearce.
Ho. of Reps.
ourselves the American .Republican party. Nor
is the opposition to slave labor alone to be found
suaong the friends of Fillmore and Fremont; for,
Strange as it may seem, many others are in favor
of the views of this same despised Black Repub-
lican party who go in for Buchanan, and you will
ftee the evidence of it in the future. Yes, many
hitherto good and true Democrats are to be found
iwUo tell you they intend to vote for Buchanan,
but further the deponent saith not; others spit
upon the platform, and go for Buchanan, forget-
ting iltat the'Saliva falls upon the venerable sage
himself, for he is^no more James Buchanan, hav- 
lag lost his identity is the platform. Many
have k>Bt not only their identity, but even their
live*, upon platforms. Others say nothing, but
grill do something, no doubt, in November; and,
sir, a goodly number of others aver that they will
not supportanyman who stands on the Cincin-
nati platform, and they will vote, some for Fill-
more,and some for Fremontj and then this spirit
is increasing, and what ii may be by the coming
•lection is yet to be seen. It is due, however,
from me to state, that the friends of Mr. Fillmore
think themselves more conservative than those of
Mr. Fremont. But, sir, this is agreat mistake.
On this great question there can be ji6 conserva-
tism. How can there be? What is the question?
It is this: Are you in favor of extending slavery,
or are you opposed to it? Who can show me
Mi intermediate position? Neither would inter-
fere with slavery in the States—yet both are
equally opposed to an extension of the evil, and
both, as they suppose, are resorting to the same
fewful meana to preventit. Where, then, I ask,
is the conservatism? I cannot see it; and if the
success of the Black Republican party would dis-
solve the Union, why would not the triumph of
the American Republican party, who avow the
SQme principles, and are laboring to accomplish
th«.same end, ia the same way?
. But it is not my purpose, in these remarks, to
make political capital for, or against, either of
the candidates, but simply to correct an impres-
taon that some have received, that the free-soil
•trength^of the North is.all to be found in the
Fremont party. No, sir? and if many were not
deceiving themselves, and all the anti-slavery-
extension men were to unite, every northern State
would report such majorities as would astonish
and amaze the whole nation; and, sir, the time is
very near at hand when, if slavery is extended
by the means which have been resorted to in
Kansas, all the free States will be a unit on
that- subject; pasty drill or affinities will be too
feeble to prevent it. If such means are repeated,
ami sanctioned by the Administration, every other
question will become subordinate to this one in
the North, without distinction of party. And,
now, Mr. Chairman, what sane man does not
know that the present storm, increasing in vio-
lence every hour, and threatening danger, is the
fruitful and legitimate offspring of Democratic
legislation ? What was the condition of the coun-
try before the " little giant" of the West, as his
party is pleased to call him, laid his vile and bar-
pa«ous hand on that sacred compact and compro-
mise, made by the united wisdom and patriotism
of our fathers, and tore it asunder with the ruthless
ignorance or Wickedness with which the savage
pf the plains rends the beautiful and harmonious
mechanism of the watch to sport its wheels as
ornaments ? By this ill-timed and uncalled-for am -
bitious act he opened the flood-gates of excitement,
sectional animosities, civil war, and bloodshed.
W«b not the country, sir, in peace and harmony?
Why, sir, the old wounds were healed i>y this
balm, and time had effectually effaced even the
team? and the country was like the setting sun,
without an intervening cloud. The storm had
long since passed* and all was quiet; And, air,
1 ask* for what was the compromise violated?
Gentlemen froifi the South have repeatedly said
here that they did not ask for it—that it was k
northern measure, pressed upon them, and they
would have been unwise to have repelled the
proffered boon. Sir, the aecfet is here; that same
" little giant," that has almost doubly damned
the once great mid pure Democratic party, and
stamped upon it the broad sealofinfamy, led by
*-■ reckless, itching ambition, Attempted a chef
i'mtvrt for the chiefexecutiwe office of this great
nation, which was to prostrate every rival, and
leave him alone in the line of promotion. He was
playing the Bonaparte—snatching the crown from
the Pope, and placing it on his brow with his own
hands. The destruction of the peace of the United
States was a bold undertaking for a small man.
A gnat can worry a huge elephant into a storm
of rage. It is much easier to tear down and de-
stroy, than to build up. The " little giant" was
but too successful in destroying the Missouri
compromise, and setting the country on fire. A
weak: and passive Administration rather aided
than imposed a barrier to the consummation of
this purpose. But the "little giant"and the head
of this Administration .have been indignantly
repudiated by the country—repudiated even by
that portion of the Democratic party South, whose
favor and influence the reckless act was perpe-
trated to conciliate and secure.
And now, sir, what is this great Nebraska
Kansas bill? Who Will tell me what I am to
understand by it? In the North,' we are told by
the leading exponents of Democracy that it
means squatter sovereignty, or popular sover-
eignty—the right of the people of a Territory to
govern themselves; and this was the plausible
and deceptive argument used during the passage
of the hill. Senators from the South urged that
it could not be .productive of stare States, be-
cause they were weak, few in numbers, whilst
the North had her hundreds of thousands of sur-
plus population, and would always have the ma-
jority . And further, they urged that slavery never
could go to Kansas; that the climate and soil
were such as to render slave labor unprofitable.
Northern Senators, participators in the act, went
a step further, and declared on the stump, in the
canvass following, that the repeal of the Missouri
compromise would not only make Kansas free,
but would carry freedom south, to the Isthmus
of Darien! But now, sir, this doctrine of squat-
ter or popular sovereignty is denied by gentle-
men from the South, or rather its construction or
interpretation is disputed—one branch insisting
that it confers the right upon the residents, or
interlopers, at any time, and without regard to
numbers, to establish permanent rules and prin-
ciples, which shall bind and govern all who may
thereafter seek ahomein it; while another branch
says it confers the right to do so only when the
population assumes a magnitude in numbers
qualifying it for admission in the Union as a
State. General Cass ranges himself with the
class who advocate the first' branch of construc-
tion. The General is honest, and thinks there
can be no discrimination as to the time when- the
right commences, if the right is conceded at all.
Southern gentlemen embrace and adopt the sec-
ond branch of construction. But,aBk the Demo-
cratic party's " little giant," the father of the
bill, his views,And what does he say? Why,
sir, in perfect keeping with, his usual duplicity,
he dodges an expression of opinion, and says it
is a judicial question, and not one for him to an-
swer. His is the non-committal of the fox, who
informed his majesty, the lion, when invited to
express an opinion of the odor of his den, that
he had "a bad cold, and couldn't smell at all,
at all."
Sir, we have the Kansas-Nebraska bill, with all
its beautiful results; and the very party that pre-
pared it, cannot agree as to what it means. The
North contends that it is an exemplification of
the great doctrine of squatter sovereignty; and
the South, that it is standing evidence that Con-
gress has no power to legislate upon the subject
of slavery, and that they have a right to go into
the Territories, and to take with them the insti-
tution of slavery, just as the North has the right
to take with them: any species of property they
may; possess. In the- agitation of this doctrine of
squatter, sovereignty, and the denial of-any right
in Congress to interfere- in the Territories, we
should remember,-that there -is a Territory lying
beyond* but adjacent to, Kansas and Nebraska,
watching our movements, and waiting to take ad-
vantage of the doctrine of squatter sovereignty,
to introduce themselves into the Union with the
institution of polygamy as.a part of their political
and religious rights. I refer to the Territory of
Utah. In' this case the new doctrine may pla«e
some me$&bers in an awkward pedicaRient.
Now, sir, if there beany meaning at all in the
Kansas bill, it is that the people of a Territory
are to decide for themselves whether they will or
will not have slavery—it is popular sovereignty;
and whatever other views the party with which
I am acting may take, I, speaking for myself
only, with this interpretation of the bill, am ready
to meet and fight the great question by it, and I
am Bure of success with but half a chance. I do
not mean to say, that the principle laid down in
the Nebraska bill is my preference. No, I believe
the restoration of the Missouri compromise would
be far better; but the South say, " If you restore
the compromise, then we will dissolve the Union.''
Very good. Then let us meet the question on the
principle of popular sovereignty, and I am sure
it will lead to the same thing. It must be so.
What does the bill say ? In effect it says: Now,
here is a new Territory; if the North can send
more emigrants into it than the South, then shall
the Territory be free: on the other hand, if the
South can outnumberand outvote the North, then
is the Territory to be made a slave State. And,
Mr. Chairman, who does not see, that as the
North and the South are deeply interested in the
question—not only interested in it, but in many
places excited almost to desperation, that both
will pour in their population until the Territory
cannot supply their actual wants. The South and
the North will meet with all their interested feel-
ings and prejudices; every means, honest and dis-
honest, will be resorted to to defeat each other;
and can you imagine that they can settle the ques-
tion without the shedding of blood ? No, sir;
and the first blow will lead to a general engage-
ment; and what though you have an army there,
the emigration will far surpass it. Now, if the
Union must be dissolved in the event of the res-
toration of the Missouri compromise, then, sir-,
as the question must be met, 1 go for the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, meaning as it does the doctrine of
popular sovereignty; and if you ask me what
then are the chances of free labor, I tell you
they are as the chances of thirteen millions to
six millions, and I do not blame our southern
friends for cursing the doctrine of squatter sove>
reignty.
This, to my mind, Mr. Chairman, is a dark
picture, look at it in any aspect you please, and
I trust in God some other means may yet be
presented that will drive .jaway the threatening
ruin; and let me ask, what claim has the South
on Kansas? Do they not seek to establish their
institution there in violation of the compromise?
Let us examine for a moment, and see how the
slave and the free-States stand, as to the propor-
tion of territory ceded to, and occupied by each,
as acquired by the General Government. As the
exact area of our territorial acquisitions cannot
be made, I will give their cost, and then see how
they are divided:
Territory of Louisiana (purchased from France
■ in the year 1803) .. $15,000,000
Interest paid   8,327,353
Florida, (purchased of Spain) ........... 5,000,000
interest paid  Ji  1,430,000
Texas, (for boundary)  10,000,000
Texas, (for indemnity)     10,000,000
Texas, (for creditors, last Congress).......... 7,750,000
Indian expenses of all kinds, (say)  5,000,000
To purchase navy, pay troops, &c   5,000,000
All other expenditures.....   3,000,000
Expense of the Mexican war  217,175,575
Soldiers' pensions, and bounty lands, &c., (say) 15,000,000
Expenses of the Florida war, (say)      100,000,000
Soldiers' pensions, bounty lands, &c., (say)... 7,000,000
To remove Indians, suppress hostilities, &c.,
(say) .......    5,000,000
Paid by treaty, for New Mexico   15,000,000
Paid to extinguish Indian titles, (say)  100,000,000
Paid to Georgia       3,083,000
$832,764,928
Many of the above items can be accurately
stated; others can only be estimated. But our
j acquisitions of territory have cost us an immense
| amount, ttnd led to lar£e expenditures. The above
I is merely an approximation towards it. The ex-
pense of the Mexican war is given as stated offi-
cially by the Secretary of the Treasury in his re*
port in 1851. (See Appendix to Globe, volume
23, page 21.) This was, as Mr. Clay said in his
great speech in 1850, a war " made essentially
by the South, growing out of our annexation of
Tesns;" a war into which the. country was pre-
