1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1189
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Indian War in Washington and Oregon—Mr. Anderson.
Ho. of RepS.
cipated by the action of a southern President; |
a war of conquest, which Congress declared "was j
unnecessarily and unconstitutionally begun by |
iht1 President of the United States. j
It was at the instance of the slaveholding sec-
tion of the Union, and for its immediate benefit,
that nil our purchases of foreign territory have
been made. It was most emphatically the South,
and the voice of "southern councils," that led
to the acquisition of Louisiana, Florida, Texas,
and New Mexico; and as it regards all sectional
issues—all questions of political ascendency—all
these acquisitions of territory have been made,
and have operated, for the direct and immediate
benefits of the slaveholding States.
Not one inch of territory has ever been pur-
chased or acquired of any foreign Power, since
the Constitution was adopted, at the instance of
the free-States, or which was intended for their
benefit.
Vet the free States have paid more than two
thirds of the entire cost of all these acquisitions
of territory, and the consequent expenditures
since incurred. They have borne their full share
in the wars which led to, or resulted from, these
acquisitions, in the expenditure of money, and in
the sacrifice of human life.
How has the purchased territory been divided?
From the territory thus purchased, and paid for
by ail the Slates, Jive new slave States have been
admitted, having the following extent of terri-
tory and representation in Congress;
States. Square Miles. Senators. Representatives.
Louisiana 41.346 2
Missouri 65,037 2
Arkansas 50,191 2
Florida 59,0S3 2
Texas 32^.389 2
conservative man—then why do you not support
him ? Why is it that his old friends in the South
are forsaking him in scores, and going over to
of the day. I desire to discharge a duty which
could not have been performed at an earlier day
of the session, without in some measure infring-
Buchanan? Now, when you charge us with sec- j! ing upon the. parliamentary rules of the House
5 Slave States....543,389
10
16
The free States, if any, are yet to be admitted!
Kansas and Nebraska, unless the unjust legisla-
tion that opened these free Territories to slavery,
and the violent measures adopted to establish it
in Kansas, aided and abetted by the present Ad-
ministration, shall enable slavery to take all,
even that part once secured to freedom, and from
which slavery "was " forever prohibited
At a .cost of hundreds of millions of dollars,
(over eight hundred millions,) we have obtained
the Territory for these Jive new slave States, by
which the slaveholding section have gained polit-
ically (and that is the all-important object) ten
United States Senators and sixteen numbers of this
House! |
California, it is true, has been admitted as a
free State; but it was the result of accident. The
territory acquired of Mexico, like all the rest,
was acquired for the benefit of the South. The
discovery of the mineral wealth of California led
to its rapid settlement and admission as a State,
before slavery had time to be transplanted there.
Mr. Chairman, the party with whom I have
been acting here have been charged with section-
alism; and why? Because they are opposed to
the extension of slavery, and slaveholding States
will not unite with them in the election of tlieir
candidate for President. Now, sir, if the charge
be true, I ask the candid if it be not our misfor-
tune rather than our fault? Must we not, in the
very nature of things, either be sectional, or give
up the great struggle ? I am sure, if the South
will join us, we will give them a cordial welcome—
pledge ourselves to sustain their constitutional
rights—give them their fair division of the patron-
age of the Government, as we will offer them,
(should success crown our labors,) whether they
unite with us or not. All this, and even more,
would we do, but you spurn us from you—you
anathematize us with bitter words, and with
vulgar names—ay, more, when some of your
own citizens, in the exercise of freemen's rights,
did come, feeble though their numbers were, to
represent their State in the convention held for
all, you drove them from your State; and I ask,
is there no sectionalism in this? Is there patriot-
ism in it; or the recognition of the freedom of
speech, or of conscience? Sir, what is James
Buchanan but a sectional candidate ? The great
Millard Fillmore you have idolized—you even
now glorify his administration, and call him a
tionalism, look to it that you are not yourselves
so sectional, so extreme, that you desert the very
man you admit stood by you; and why do you
desert him? Simply because he says he was
opposed to the violation of the Missouri compro-
mise, and you fear that he might favor its resto-
ration. What, I ask, is all this but sectionalism—
but ultraism ? Look at Kentucky. The friends
of Mr. Fillmore in the North had hoped, and had
counted on Kentucky; but see how she has gone!
What encouragement is this for conservative
northern men? No, sir, the truth is not to be
disguised; it is a sectional fight, growing out of
a contest between free labor and slave labor, and
the violation of a fair, sacred, and time-honored
compromise; and the South goes for him who
goes furthest, even the Cincinnati platform in
which James Ruchanan has lost his identity !
This, Mr. Chairman, I have seen from the first,
and for that very reason I have gone for Mr.
Fremont. Mr. Fillmore personally is my pref-
erence. I believe in his honesty, his patriotism,
his great ability, but more especially would I go
for him because he goes for the principles of
the American party. But, sir, I must now go
for John C. Fremont if I would see the party de-
feated who have brought all this trouble, this
civil war, and blood on us. The great question
stares us in the face, and must be met, and I
would appeal to the opponents of the Democratic
party, what chance, what hope have you of the
election of Mr. Fillmore? Is there a single south-
ern State that he can carry ? I had hope at one
time that there was; but now all hope is gone.
Kentucky has shown her hand. Tennessee was
considered favorable; but is there aman here that
listened to the speech of one of her able Senators
as he took his leave of Mr. Fillmore, "that can
hope for success there? Maryland has been
thought most sure of all the southern States; but
both her Senators, Mr. Pearce and Mr. Pratt,
have come out openly for Buchanan; and I ask
the friends of Mr. Fillmore, to what southern
To
I wish to call the attention of the committee and
of the country to the condition of things as they
exist in the Territories of Oregon and Washing-
ton. It is not unknown to the committee, that
for nearly twelve months an Indian war has been
raging throughout the length and breadth of those
Territories — a cruel, merciless war, in which
many lives have been sacrificed and whole settle-
ments devastated.
I propose, first, sir, to inquire into the causes
which led to this war; and in this connection we
may ascertain who is to blame for its inception; sec-
ond, the manner in which it has been conducted,
both on the part of the civil and military depart-
ments of the Government exercising their proper
functions in those Territories; and here we will see
what part has been played by the Governors and
volunteers on the one hand, and by the military
! commander of the Pacific department on the other,
j And lastly, I shall advert to the relief which it
i seems to me proper that Congress should afford
at an early day.
! But before I proceed to inquire into the causes
j of the war, I beg pardon for digressing so far as
| to notice a few remarks which fell from the senior
member from Ohio [Mr. Giddivgs] a few months
j ago, while the Army appropriation bill was^
under discussion. On that occasion ha saw fit to
allude to the war in Washington and Oregon in
a tone condemnatory of the people of those Ter-
ritories; and, among other things, gave us his
ideaof the Indian character generally, and of those
west of the Rocky Mountains in particular. Hear
him: I read from his corrected speech published
in the Appendix to the Globe, page 526:
" i knew something of the Indian character in early life;
I saw them in the war of 1812; many of them were attached
to our army; I studied their strategy of war, and learned
something of their conduct in times of peril; they never
forget a kindness, nor do they ever forgive an injury. No
class of people in the world are more grateful for favors,"
* * * « none more docile, none more hospitable than
those of Oregon," &c.
Now, sir, I dislike to disturb such pleasing
fancies. With all his experience and astute ob-
St?" .™n Jd^nviewofThis d'eterm^ ! station, he has been sadly imposed on in thia
imnd it is hopeless; emd innew-of tl^ d^er™? particular'. Such characters as he has described
ination of the South, what will the JNorth do. They figure prominently.in
Whatoughtshetodo'? Throw away her votes
   - anhmit Cooper's novels and Hiawatha, but they never
give up the great struggle for freejabor, submit the western wilds in flesh and bIood. u
tamely to the violation of the Missouri compro-
mise, the wrongs and outrages perpetrated on the
free-State people of Kansas, while their blood cries
! for an avenger, and the smoldering ashes of their
' dwellings are pleading their cause? Submit tamely
l while even your own statesmen, your brethren are
will be news, indeed, to those familiar with the
Indians of the far West, to learn that they " never
forget a kindness." My own experience is, sir,
(and it is composed of three years' constant,
daily intercourse with them,) that they never
......    ! remember one; and I venture to assert that such is
" bogus" Legislature ^egl®'^^nactinff2laws rience and observation of a shrewd, observant,
fraudulent voters from Missou , g ; and efficient officer of the army, who has spent
which would have disgraced the dark ages, ana , ^ five g in the midst of these tribes,
which were condemned as corresponds with that of the senior member from
Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.1 I read from the report of
by a Democratic Senate!
ing relief to these men, still confined in their dark
and gloomy cells for exercising the right of free-
dom of judgment and freedom of speech, though !
all these wrongs and sufferings are appealing to j
you? r, 1
What, I ask, will you do ? For my part I have !
made up my mind to go for the candidate who .
will carry with him the North, the East, and the
West, just as surely as did the Republicans elect :
Blair in Missouri, or as the State of Iowa gave
six thousand majority for them.
| INDIAN WAR IN WASHINGTON AND OREGON.
' SPEECH OF HON. J. P. ANDERSON,
! OF WASHINGTON TERRITORY,
1 Ijj the House of Representatives,
j Jlugust 6, 1856.
, The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
j state of the Union—
I Mr. ANDERSON said:
! Mr. Chairman: It is not my purpose to enter
upon a discussion of any of the political topics
Captain Ingalls, as published with the " message
and documents, 1855-'56, part 2," page 162:
" This region of country, from the lake through to Cali-
fornia, is infested by nomadic tribes of Indians, generally
of the lowest order of beings. They are troublesome and
dangerous to stock-drivers, who yearly' pass over this route.**
Again, on page 163 of the same document,
Captain Ingalls says:
" They are like the beasts that roam over these wilds-
little removed from them in instincts and habits."
And again, sir, on page 165, in describing a
certain spot, he says:
" I was charmed with the beauties of the place, though
sadly reminded of the fate of poor Captain Warner (who
was massacred here) by the numerous telegraph-fires or tn«
treacherous Indians."
I might go on, sir, until I had consumed my
whole hour, in reading extractB from the official
reports of other officers of the Army and of the
Indian bureau, to show that the gentleman is aito~
gether mistaken in his estimate of the character
of the northwestern Indians. I could show that,
so far from their " never forgetting a kindness
their whole character is composed of a subtile
compound of cruelty, vindictiveness, treachery,
and ingratitude. I shall not pretend to say what
