vm
.APPS^niX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 6,
34th>Cono.w.1st Sess. Indian War in Washington and Oregon—Mr, Anderson.
Ho  of Reps.
the character of the Indians was with whom the
gentleman had to d«al in early life, but I do say,
that if he ia correct in his estimate of their virtues ,
there was a marked improvement in the race from
1776 to 1612, when the gentleman obtained his
experience. That instrument which is so often
appealed to on this floor, and elsewhere, to prove
that "all men are created free and equal," asserts,
with no less emphasis, of these people, that they
are "wurciless India* savages, whose known rule
if warfare is undistinguished destruction of all ages,
teres, and conditions"" Such was their character
in 1776, and such is their character at this day.
What it was in 1812 I leave to the history of
those times to determine—that history whose
every chapter contains the bloody record of their
cruel massacres.
But the senior member from Ohio [Mr. Gu -
dings] is sorely afflicted at the fate of Pee-pee-
mox-mox. I shall not stop here to refute the
exaggerated, nay, totally incorrect account (ema-
nating from a certain quarter) of the death of that
proud and haughty chief." I merely wish to
■tale one fact, and I state it for the especial benefit
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,} for
I am sure it was unknown to him at the time he
wrought his sympathies up to such a high pitch
ia behalf of this, and all the other chiefs who have
engaged in war against the whites in Washington
Territory. It is this: is the gentleman aware
that he has * at this late hour of his political life,
espoused the cause of the slaveholder 7 Can it be
possible that he has, at last, abandoned all his
hostility to the upholders and advocates of this
institution ?• Why, sir, there is not such a slaw-
aeraey in the world as that which is composed of
the head men and leading families of these hostile
Indians. There does not live a master who
claims and exercises such absolute power over
the person and services of his slave, as these
"proud and haughty chiefs." Slavery in its
most absolute form has existed among them-by a
positive law of the tribes from time " whereof
the memory of man runneth not to the contrary."
By that law the master is not only entitled to the
services and acquisitions of his slave, but he
claims and exercises the power of taking his life
without being amenable? to ahy law or custom
whatever. This power, to take the life of a slave
At pleasure, has been actually exercised by these
same chiefs within a short time back, and long
"Since the whites have settled in their midst. By
these tribal laws there is no emancipation nor
manumission. Nor is it possible for a slave to
gain his freedom by escape into the jurisdiction
of a neighboring tribe. No, sir, there is a fugitive
slave law to return him to his master, without the
benefit of trial by jury or habeas corpus. It is not
the slave, sir, but the slttveocracy, with whom the
people of my country are at war. I appeal to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] if his sym-
pathies aTe not all misplaced, and his tears most
sadly wasted ?
. But I must hasten on to the causes which led to
this war. I have some personal knowledge my-
self of the commencement of these difficulties, but
it is not my purpose to take the witness-stand. I
shall not enter into a detail of circumstances con-
nected with the first manifestations of hostilities
on the part of the Indians, of which I am per-
■ sonally cognizant, because I wish to refute the
many charges which have been industriously pro-
'rriulgated against the people of my Territory by
record evidence. A high official functionary of the
Government—no less than the commander of the
.Pacific department of the Army—has seen fit, in
this connection, to prefer charges against the peo-
tpie of Washington and OreeonTerritories, which,
'if true, ought to, and will, subject them to the
severest animadversions of a civilized world. And
how does he do it ? Now, Mr. Chairman, I have
■no harsh word to say of General Wool, unless
it be harsh to oppose unfounded assertion with
■official statements—unless it be harsh to con-
tradict hearsay rumor by positive record testi-
• mony. I do not enjoy the honor of a personal
acquaintance with General Wool, sir, but the
history of his past life is not entirely unknown
to roe. l ean read that history with pleasure; I
. can recall many of the stirring incidents of that
life with pride as an American citizen. I know
that the glory of his valorous deeds illuminates
many pages of his country's history, and sheds
luster upon the triumph of American arms. I
regret, sir, that the faithful chronicler of the pres-
ent times will have to add a chapter to that his-
tory which will sadly contrast with its preceding
pages.
I have inquired how has General Wool seen
fit to appear before the public as the voluntary
accuser of the whole people of two Territories ?
Has he been satisfied, in the discharge of his
duties as a public officer, to confine himself to
the usual official reports which the law requires :
him to make ? Has he been called upon, by any
of his superiors in office, for information upon
points he has volunteered to elucidate? Not at
all, sir. He appears before the country as a vol-
unteer witness, and a swift one at that. Had he
confined himself to the discharge of his official
duties, I should not have deemed it my province :
to animadvert so freely upon his conduct; but as
he has seen fit to lay aside all his dignity of offi-
cial station, and voluntarily assume the character
of a scribbling correspondent of a partisan press,
I am sure he ought not to complain if his con-
duct, in this particular, should be subjected to the
closest scrutiny, and his testimony to the most
rigid cross-examination. Yes, sir, he has doffed
the proud plume of the majpr general — un-
buckled that sword which, on foreign fields, had
earved its way to fame, and snatched up the
flowing pen of a ready scribbler, and appears
before us in the garb of a hasty newspaper cor-
respondent ! Unmindful of the Army regulations
—reckless of his former fame—bent on the grati-
fication of personal spite, and that revenge which
springs from mortified pride, in hot haste he
rushes into the columns of the public prints, and
there stoops to become the retailer of idle camp-
gossip, and the maligner of sixty thousand Amer-
ican citizens! The deep humiliation which the
contemplation of such a spectacle inspires is
much aggravated and increased by a perusal of
his several elaborate indictments. I shall only
call the attention of the country to a few extracts
from General Wool's newspaper correspondence,
for the purpose of showing now widely he differs,
in the statement of material facts, from every-
body else holding official position in the two Ter-
ritories. Indeed his own official correspondence
might be invoked fdr the purpose of showing
his inconsistencies and errors, if better proof
were not at hand.
In his letter to the National Intelligencer, dated
at Benicia, California, April 2, 1856, General
Wool, in speaking of the causes which led to
the war, makes use of the-following language:
" It is said that the Yakamas, having become dissatisfied
with the treaty made with them the summer before by
Governor Stevens, determined on war. This was hastened,
as it would seem, by some miners forcibly carrying away
aftd ill treating some Yakama squaws."
Now, sir, it so happens that I was in the Yak-
ama country only a few days before hostilities
broke out. I had an interview with the chiefs
of that tribe, and heard their complaints, but not
one word was said about miners—or any one else
—having " forcibly carried away and ill treated
their squaws." And I will venture to assert that
not a man, woman, or child, in either of the Ter-
ritories, ever dreamed that such a charge had
been made, until the National Intelligencer of
the 2d of April, containing General Wool's letter,
reached that coast—some seven months after the
war had broken out. You may search the vol-
uminous correspondence of Governors, Indian
agents, and Army officers, which has been called
for by the House, and not the first intimation
of anything of the kind is to be found in any of
it. I wish it to be borne in mind, Mr. Chair-
man, that in August, 1855, the first blood was
shed in Washington Territory. A miner, on his
way from Puget sound to Fort Colville, having
a good deal of money, provisions, &c., soon after
passing beyond the limits of the Yakamas, was
pursued by a party of Indians, massacred, and
robbed of everything he had with him. Shortly
after, other murders were reported to have been
committed in the Yakama country. In Septem-
ber, Indian Agent Bolon went into that country
to ascertain something about these outrages, and
he, too, was not permitted to return. He was
ipurdered in the most cruel manner. When this
occurred, there was no escaping the conviction
that a general outbreak had been determined upon
by the Indians. What had hitherto been conjec-
ture, now gave way to a sense of the fearful
reality. About this time commences the official
correspondence which relates to this subject—
near three months before General Wool reached
the country. Hear what Captain Cain says, who
was at that time acting superintendent of Indian
affairs for Washington Territory, during Gov-
ernor Stevens's absence in the Blackfoot country.
Let us see how Captain Cain's account Agrees
with General Wool's charge of" forcibly carry-
ing away and ill treating of Yakama squaws."
In his official report, dated October 6,1855, to
Colonel Manypenny, after referring to the par-
ticulars of Agent Bolon's death, and the manifest
hostility of several tribes, he says, on page 193 of
the report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs:
" I attribute the cause of the outbreaks amongst the Yak-
amas and Klickatats to the rumors that have been afloat,
and obtained credence among the Indians, that Governor
Stevens and his party had been massacred by the Blackfeet,
and Major Haller and his command had been defeated by
the Snakes, in his recent expedition against them. Believ-
ing that the whites were about to be overthrown in every
direction, and having for some time been disaffected towards
them, they deemed that the proper moment had arrived to
gratify their enmity."
General Palmer, superintendent of Indian af-
fairs for Oregon, who went to the Dalles soon
after the death of Bolon, for the express purpose
of collecting reliable information in relation to the
cause and extent of hostilities, sums up the result
of his observations, as to the causes which led to
the outbreak, in the following language, in an
official communication to the Department, dated
October 9, 1855:
" There are several causes from which may be dfawn
reasons inducing the present state of disaffection among
the Indians in Washington Territory, among which may be
named the following: The Yakama Indians were repre-
sented in the Walla-Walla council by four of tlieir prin-
cipal chiefs, accompanied by a number of their leading
men, all evidently at first opposed to entering into any ne-
gotiations for the sale of their country. After more than
two weeks had been spent in trying to convince them of
the importance and necessity of such a course in open
council,they gave a decided and peremptory answer in the
negative. But during the next week, by interviews with
the chiefs separately, Governor Stevens induced them to
agree to the terms of the treaty; and Kamiaktf, who is
declared by the treaty head chief of all the tnbes and bands
included in that purchase, came forward and signed the
treaty, followed by the other chiefb. The head chief, how-
ever, stated at the time that he would not receive any of the
goods promised, but that his people might take them.
" It is pretty evident that the signing of the treaty was
adverse to the will of the nation, as expressed prior to the
delegation's coming to the council, and that on the return
of the chiefs they were beset by their people and denounced
as traitors to their tribe. Two of the chiefs, Owhi and
Skloo, evidently signed the treaty with great reluctance,
and, after returning home and meeting with their friends,
were easily induced to join in opposition to adhering to its
provisions.
" The Klickatat tribe, whose country is included within
the limits of this purchase, had declined amending the
council, and were not represented by any of their tribe;
and upon the return of these Yakama chiefs and people
from the council, it is said the Klickatats were much en-
raged at the sale of their country without their knowledge
or consent, and declared they would not abide by an agree-
ment in which they bad no voice."
Again, in an official communication to the De-
partment, General Palmer, on the 25th of October,
1855, says:
" The evidences of a deep-rooted prejudice against our
citizens prevail among all the tribes in middle and upper
Oregon—the Nez Perces excepted. How far that feeling
may be fanned and kept up by aliens from other countries,
and their descendants, we are not able to judge; but that it
does extend to the entire exclusion and occupancy of the
country by our own citizens, ia a fact undeniable."
Lieutenant Withers, United States Army, who
has been four years in the country, and who is
well acquainted with the character of these In-
dians, and whose knowledge and judgment of
such matters I would much prefer to General
Wool's, in an official paper to the Adjutant Gen-
eral, dated November 12, 1855, writes as fol-
lows:
" In southern Oregon the Rogue river Indians, combined
with some of those on the coast, the Umquas, Pitt-nver, and
• Shasta Indians, have also broke out into a fresh war, anu
i one of evidently intended extermination, against the whites,
i The causes leading totbis may be different trom those which
| excited hostilities in Washington Territory, where the
I motives were altogether political, and sprung Irom no actual
I grievance; but its result must, of course, be the same.
