1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBFa
im
34th Cong  **• 1st Sess.
Indian War,in Washington and Oregon-—Mr. Anderson.
Ho. op Reps,
General Palmer writes to General Wool on the
91et November, 1855, thus:
M A* to the Yafcuaas, there is no excuse for their acts of
aggression, and there is no disposition on tlie part of those
engaced in the Indian Department to screen them or their
confederates from the punishment they so justly merit." ;
The next day (November 23) Captain Cain
writes to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in
this wise:
" There is abundant evidence to my mind, that this war
ban been contemplated by the Indians for the last three or
four years j and I will take the proper steps to get the testi-
mony in shape, and submit it to your consideration at the :
earliest practicable moment."
Mr. Chairman, I might multiply this testimony ;
to a tedious extent, all going to show, clearly, j
kow utterly groundless is General Wool's charge 1
•gainst the miners, of precipitating this war by
"forcibly carrying away and ill-treating some
Yakama squaws;" but I think I have read enough
to satisfy any unprejudiced mind upon that point.
Let it be remembered, that all of these officers,
from whose reports I have read extracts, were
present in the country, and well acquainted with
the Indians, while General Wool was near a
thousand miles distant for three months after the
first acts of hostility were committed by the In-
dians. .
I now come to speak of the manner in which
thia war has been conducted. And, in this con-
nection, I desire to notice an assertion which Gen-
eral Wool made in his official communication,and
has reiterated in his newspaper correspondence,
to the effect, that " volunteers were necessary;"
that they were called into service and sent to the
Walla-Walla country " for no other purpose than
to plunder the Treasury of the United States,
and to make political capital for somebody," &c.
Now, Mr. Chairman, one would naturally sup-
pose that a charge of so grave a nature would not
be lightly made—would not be caught ap from
the baselefw tales of idle rumor, and embodied in
an official report by an officer commanding one
of the departments of our Army, without the
shadow of a foundation, or the first Bcintilla of
evidence to substantiate it. Yet such is the fact;
for it rests upon the naked assertion of General
Wool, and is contradicted by every act of the offi-
cers, volunteers, and citizens of the Territory,
and by every circumstance connected with their
operations. General Wool has lent his once high
name, too, to a declaration as cruel and unfeeling
as it has proved to be untrue, viz: that " the war
is a god-send." Surely General Wool did not
intend to mock at the calamity of these people.
A god-send, indeed, sir! To whom? How. Mr.
Chairman, in the name of the gallant, noble, and
lamented Slaughter, I protest against such cold,
unmitigated calumny! In the name of the brave
and renerous Moses, I pronounce it a cruel si4"1"
der. By the bleeding agony of those widowed
hearts they have left behind them, I protest against
it. In the names of Miles, McAlister, White,
Northcraft, Brannan, Sinclair, Griswold, Hem-
bree.Chinn, Lupton, and their comrades—in the
names of twenty murdered women, and babes, 1 pro-
test against it. Jn the name of humanity, 1 pro-
nounce it cold,unfeeling,and untrue. Whoeter
the author of such a sentiment may be, let him
go through the world with the blood of three hun-
dred murdered citizens upon his skirts.
But, says General Wool, these volunteers wure
unnecessary. Remember, General Wool was in
California at the time they were called out, and
it is not to be presumed that he could judge of
the exigency as well as those who were on the
spot. At the time of the outbreak, Major Raines
was in command of the United States troops in
this region. What did he think of the necessity
for volunteers ? I have time only to refer to the
evidences on this point, and to state the mam
facts: the details are contained in the official dis-
patches before me, as published to the country.
Onthe 9th of October, 1855, Major Raines writes
to Governor Curry that the expedition sent to the
Yakama country, under command of Major Hal-
ler, comprised of over one hundred men, with a
mountain howitzer, had failed; that Major Hal-
ler was surrounded, and had ca led for reinforce-
ments;". thathehad" ordered all the United States
disposable force into the field immediately ; that
as " this force was questionable to subdue the
Indians," he therefore called upon him (Govern- I
or Curry) for four companies of volunteers, and j
upon Governor Mason, for-two. But J3eneiral j
Wool attempts to get round this material point
by asserting that " the Major (Raines) partook
somewhat of the alarm pervading the country."
If this were true, does it furnish any reasonable
excuse for Congress refusing to pay the volun-
teers thus called into service, which seems to be ]
the main object of General Wool's extraordinary
publications ? _
But was there no cause for this alarm ? Had
not Agent Bolon been brutally murdered by these
Indians ? Is it not a fact that Mattice ana other
miners had been massacred ? And had not the i
superintendents of both Territories officially re- j
ported the fact that there was a powerful combi-
nation of several of these tribes for the " purpose
of exterminating" the whites; and that nothing
short of a large military force could prevent a
disastrous war? Did not Agent Olney (who was
at that time in the Walla-Walla country) write
to Governor Curry, that the " storm was gather-
: ing;" that it required " a large military force to
keep them back;" that " the regular force in the
country was insufficient for the protection of the
settlers;" that " one thousand volunteers should be
raised immediately, and sent into this part of Oregon
and Washington Territories ?" Thus called upon,
as Governor Curry was,by the commanding offi-
cer of the United States troops, by each of the
superintendents of Indian affairs, and the Indian
I agent, who was personally present in the region
| where the troops were needed, yet General Wool,
! affecting a patriotic desire to protect.the,Treasury
; from " plunder" and " depletion,'* has the hard-
' ihood, in the face of these facts, to assert that
the Governor "usurped his power," that Major
Raines " partook somewhat of the alarm pervad-
ing the country," and that " the volunteers were
unnecessary to protect the citizens of Oregon."
With these unmistakable evidences of impending
peril to the whole country before him, Governor
Curry would have been wanting in all those qual-
ities which so eminently befit him for the position
he holds, if he had not promptly responded to
the call which was made upon him. Read the
record, sir, of the privations and hardships these
volunteers endured, and tell me if " plunder
could have inspired such heroism. Sir, if the
commanding general's physical exertions to pro-
tect the settlers had been at all commensurate
with his newspaper efforts, to ;delay Congress in
taking favorable action in their behalf, he might
have saved the lives of at least twelve men, women,
and children, who fell at the Cascades.
Mr. Chairman, my time admonishes me that I
must omit many things that I desired to say, and
merely allude to others without stopping to com-
ment upon them as they deserve.. General Wool
has shed much ink and expended no small amount
of sympathy upon Pee-pee-mox-mox, the Walla-
Walla chief, whom, he says, the volunteers
" barbarously killed." For a full and complete ,
refutation of General pool's charges on this j
point, I refer the committee and the country to
the official report of the gallant Colonel Kelly,
who commanded the volunteers in the memorable
fight when Pee-pee-mox-mox fell. The facts as
there related are simply these: the chief had been
retained by Colonel Kelly as a prisoner; his war-
riors in large force attacked Colonel Kelly, (the
volunteers did not commence the attack, as Gen-
eral Wool asserts;) in the midst of the fight, the
chief and his companions rose upon the guard,
wounded one of them, and then it was that he
was killed; and this is what General Wool calls
" barbarous!" and seems to think that the fact,
that Pee-pee-mox-mox came into Colonel Kelly s
camp under a white flag, much enhances the
" barbarity of the killing." Let us see what Gen-
eral Wool thought of similar proceedings but a
short time before. I will read his official account
of a little affair which came off at Port Boise, in
Oregon, July 16, 1855. Speaking of Major Hal-
ler's expedition against the Snake Indians, he
says:
" The command reached Fort Boise July 15, Mr. Olney,
Indian agent, being with it. The next day a talk was held
with some two hundred Indians there collected, of whom
sixty-five were warriors; and it haviDg been ascertained
that four of the murderers were present, they were seized,
brought before a board of officers, or, as Major HaUer term*
it, a military commission, and, their guilt having been
clearly established, three were hung on the graves of their
victims, the 18th; the fourth was shot by the guard in en-
deavoring to escape. The proceedings of the commission
are herewith inclosed."
Here, sir," a talk" was being held, four of the
Indians present were "seized," "three were
hung "on the spot, and " the fourth was shot by the
guard in endeavoring to escape." Did it then occur
to General Wool that there was anything barbarous
in shooting a prisoner who attempted to escape ?
And it does not appear, either, that this prisoner
made any attempt upon the life of the guard. Did
it occur to General Wool then that there was any
thing irregular in hanging on the spot the other
three prisoners who had come into the fort for
the purpose of having " a talk?" Not at all. On
the contrary, such conduct was to be highly
applauded, and must needs be noticed in terms
of praise in an official report to General Scott.
Hear what General Wool says about it:
" The activity and energy of Major HaUer, and the officers
of his command, deserve commendation." ..
It cannot be that General Wool means to imply
that what is "barbarous" in volunteers, " de-
i serves commendation" in troops of the regular
i Army. It is true, General Wool, with all his
knowledge and experience in every branch of his
profession, was somewhat at a loss to find an
appropriate name for the tribunal which tried
and hung the other three prisoners, but he com-
placently adopts Major Haller's term for it, and
calls it "u military commission!!" What though
it may have been somewhat irregular, yet as there
were no volunteers present to give it a semblance
of " barbarity," why, it ".deserves fpipmenda-
tion !!!" Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not wish to
be misunderstood. I have not alluded to this
affair for the purpose of condemning the action
of Major Haller or the officers who accompanied
him on that expedition. On the contrary, I be-
lieve with General Wool that they " deserve
commendation," more especially for hanging
these three murderers and for shooting the other
when he attempted to escape. I know most of
the officers who were in that expedition, and I
believe. I maysafely say, if any one of them had
had the control of the military opearations m
these Territories, many lives would have been
saved, and the war might now have been at end.
I have only referred to the matter for the purpose
of expopiitg one ofGeperal Wool's many incon-
sistencies. ri"'- ' " ; . ,
Mr. Chairman, I have no time to go into de-
tails; I must content myself with a simple dema 
of General Wool's charges, and appeal to the
official papers on record to sustain that denial.
He charges that the volunteers wantonly set fire
to and burned the Atahnum mission: the official
report shows that it was " accidentally " burned.
He charges that the expedition to Walla-Walla
was against friendly Indians: all the official ie-
pwts show that the Walla-Wallas had driven off
Mr. Sinclair, plundered the fort, divided the
spoils, and, with a force of nearly a thousand
warriors, actually attacked Colonel Kelly s com*
mand before he had fired a single gun. He
charges that white men violated a squaw and
cruelly strangled a whole family of friendly In-
dians at the Cascades. I defy any one to prove
it, for Major Hays left that vicinity since Gene-
ral Wool charges the atrocity to have been com-
mitted, and in the public prints pronounces the
whole affair a fabrication. He charges similar
outrages upon Major Lupton and party, and for
a complete refutation of such charges, I refer to
General Lane's speech in the House upon that
subject. He charges that the war in Washington
Territory was brought about by " some miners
forcibly carrying away and ill treating Y^ikwna
squaws." He admits in the same letter that
the " Yakamas are the authors of the war, ile
charges that the war in the Rogue river country is
wholly to bs attributed tQ the whites; and on the
4th of September, in an official,to head*
quarters, he admits that the firtt blood shed was
" at a council held bv tbe Oregon superintendent,
(where) an Indian ihot a white rna . At one
moment the people are charged with being actu-
ated by a desire to"plunder the public Treasury,
and in the next to gratify a bloodthirsty revenge.
In one despatch we are told that the Walla-
Wa a« are friendly; the next mad brings the
