1192
Apfffetfblk It) Ttifi Cb?iGRfiSSrONAL GtJOBE.
[August 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Platforms and Candidates o/1856—Mr. Perry.
Ho. op Reps.
intelligence that, for four days, they have op-
posed,in open field, to Colonel Kelly'a command,
Wf«r a thousand armed and painted warriors. Now
they are peaceful—then they plunder the fort
antf lay ■waste the adjacent country. At one time
the expedition to Walla-Walla is entirely unne-
cessary; very soon, nay, at the very time, he
regrets that tne condition of his horses are such
that he cannot send a force into that country.
One week he has a sufficient force at his com-
mand to conquer from " one hundred and fifty
hostiles a lasting peace"—the next, he calls upon
Governor Stevens for two companies of volun-
teers to assist him, when he knows they cannot be
JUrttished. He denies his authority to call for
volunteers; yet when it suits his purpose to do
so, he claims that authority, and points to the
instructions of the Secretary of War, dated 4th
December, 1855, to sustain his claim. He utterly
repudiated Major Raine's call; yet when no one
asks it, and there are only " one hundred and
fifty or two hundred hostiles" to be subdued, he
calls for two companies of volunteeers to assist
him. He denies the right of the Oregon volun-
teers to pay, because they had not been mustered
into the service; yet he recommends that others
be paid who were similarly situated. I defy the
ingenuity of man to concoct such another hete-
rogeneous medley of errors, inconsistencies, and
contradictions. Truly " whom the gods would
destroy, they first make mad."
Now, sir, I charge General Wool with having
■violated an express regulation of the Army,
whereby he is liable to dismissal from the ser-
vice. Here is the regulation:
" Private letters or reports, relative to military marches
and operations, are frequently mischievous in design, and i
a/wayrdisgraceful to the Army; they are, therefore, strict- I
ly forbidden; and any officer fonnd guilty of making sncb
report for publication, without special permission, or of
placing the writing beyond his control, so that it finds its
way to the press, wjthin cme month after the termination of
the campaign to which it relates, shall be dismissed from j
the service."
Lastly, I had desired to say something of the !
present condition of that country, growing out.
of this disastrous war—something of its phys-
ical beauties and advantages, its mild,and salu-
brious climate, its bold, pure, running streams,
its magnificent forests, ana broad prairies, its rich
valleys and snow-capped mountains—how " the
earth teems with riches, and heaven smiles with
beneficence;" but the time allotted me will not
permit. It is a good country, sir; one pleasant
to live in; one worth defending and protecting.
Her citizens are loyal, industrious, and law-abid-
ing; they love this Union,and cling to the mem-
ories of their childhood homes. Every State in
this Confederacy has a representative there; every
member of this committee has a constituent
there. Will you abandon such a country? Will
you forsake such a people? In the infancy of
their settlements, they were weak when this war
broke out upon them. The United States troops
were too few to protect them. It takes months
to get reinforcements from the Atlantic border.
There was no other salvation for their wives and
children than for the men to embody themselves
in a little band for defense. With the helpless
families in forts and block-houses, and the men
in the field, all agricultural pursuits were of ne-
cessity abandoned. Thus situated, their barns
have been destroyed, their fields laid waste, and
their dwellings committed to the flames of the
red man's torch. Great pecuniary distress—ab-
solute want—has been the consequence; ay, the
Governor says, ««starvation stares them in the
face. I cannot believe that the Representatives
of the people of this American Republic will
withhold from their brothers in this distant land
their simple dues. I cannot believe that they
will refuse to pay these people for services which
the Government troops were bound to perform.
If any one has been actuated by the desire of
public "plunder," guard your bill so that the
plunderer may not gain access to the Treasury.
Will you withhold what is right, and proper, and
just, merely because human nature sometimes
develops itself in the form of depravity?
Afford the relief which the necessities of these
people so loudly call for, and you will have dis-
charged a duty, for which your constituents will
applaud you, and mine will ever be grateful.
platforms and candidates of 1856.
Speech of hon. john j. perry,
of maine,
In the Hocse of Representative*,
Jlugust 7, 1856,
' The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
' state of the Union—
! Mr. PERRY said:
Mr. Chairman: We are now on the eve of a
presidential election—an election alike important
to the interests of the whole country. Ola party
issues have been settled, and new ones have taken
their places; old party organizations have had
their day, and gone to the tomb of the Capulets.
A universal sentiment everywhere prevails among
the American people to " let the dead bury their
dead;" and they are now turning their attention
to the living issues now presented for their con-
sideration.
Amid the din of battle,and the clash of resound-
ing arms, there is substantially but one great
leading question whifch now engrosses the atten-
tion of the American people: all other questions
hold a subordinate relation, and are secondary to
this, both in their importance and position. All |
our political organizations not only assent to this
proposition, but unite in declaring its truth. !
Whether African slavery is to be extended into |
free territory, or forever hereafter restricted to its I
present limits. is a plain, direct question, so incor- ;
porated into the political machinery of parties in 1
this country that it has got to be squarely met |
and settled. Neither politicians nor political par-
j ties can ignore this issue without striking a fatal
: blow at their own existence. In the coming
1 contest we are nominally to have a triangular
fight. Three parties are in the field, under the
lead of their several chosen standard-bearers; each
party has erected its platform, unfurled its ban*
ners to the breezes of heaven, and taken its posi-
tion in the great battle-field. I
The memorable words of the great sage of I
Marshfield, " Where shall I go ?" are ringing in \
the ears of every American citizen; and every in-
dependent sovereign, entitled by the laws of the
land to exercise the elective franchise, is called
I upon to enroll himself in the ranks of one or the ,
: other of these contending parties. No American
citizen should now content himself with being an
, idle spectator. A responsibility rests upon every
j man, and no patriot snould seek to avoid it. in
' deciding the question, as to which of these three
, parties is right, we must look not only to their ,
J candidates, but their platforms; we must examine
not only their professions, but their acts. As in-
telligent men we should not merely content our-
selves with a survey of the present, but should
glance at the past; we should call to our aid the
histories of bygone days, and then look ahead,
and, as with a prophetic ken, benetrate beyond
the misty vail which conceals the future.
i It is my purpose, upon the present occasion,
' to make a brief examination of the three plat-
forms to which I have alluded, and, at the same
time, invite the attention of the committee and the
| country to the candidates presented for their
suffrages.
Before entering upon this discussion, I desire
to say a few words as to the relative position
occupied by the three parties. I have before re-
! marked that there is but one great, leading issue,
and that is the slavery question; hence, while
the fight may be considered nominally a triangular
! one, there is really but one question, and but two
j sides to that question; and while there are three
I parties in the field, circumstances, too arbitrary
in their character to be controlled, will ultimately
force each of these parties to a stand-point upon
one side or the other. !
The "American"or KnowNothing party was !
originally made up of members from all parts of
the Union. Its original platform did not recog-
nize the slavery question; and for a short time
it traveled on undisturbed by this agitating sub-
ject. Strong and powerful as was this new po-
litical organization, it could not withstand the
surging waves of popular opinion. The slavery I
question, in spite of the vigilance of " sentinels, ,
without stopping to give the "password" or'
" salutation," stalked into the halls of the secret
order, and with the power of a despot seized the
"charter," threw open the doors, drove out its
members, dictated a " compromise," which re-
sulted not in " 360 30'," but in the 0,a ]an(imark
known as "Mason and Dixon's line." The
Philadelphia American Convention, holden in
June, 1855, was the end of the American Order
as a national organization. The members from
the northern and southern States, after a pro-
tracted, stormy session, separated, never to be
again united. I have no time to go into a history
of subsequent events, to detail the negotiations
since entered into to unite the party, ft is suffi-
cient for my present purpose to say that they
have all proved failures.
The nomination of Mr. Fillmore was made, and
is now supported by the southern wing of the
American party. His claims to the Presidency
are urged by the great body of his supporters
not so much upon the ground of his Americanism
as upon his alleged soundness upon the slavery
question. His friends in the South are, Gilpin-
like, running a race with the friends of Mr.
Buchanan, to show that the former is more relia-
ble as a southern man than the latter; that Mr.
Fillmore is a better friend of the South than Mr.
Buchanan. While the Buchananites are overhauls
ing the old musty files:of congressional records
to prove Mr. Fillmore an Abolitionist, the South
Americans are after Mr. Buchanan with " sharp
sticks," hunting up his old Free-Soil resolution*
and other evidences of Abolition affinities, each
in their turn declaring the other sound or unsound
upon the slavery question, just as the circum-
stances of the case happens to require.
This same war has been raging in this House.
The special friend of Mr. Buchanan, in the per-
son of the Hon. J. Glancy Jokes, of Pennsyl-
vania, prior to the Cincinnati Convention, fear-
ing that President Pierce and Senator Douglas
were heading off his favorite candidate down
South, made a speech upon this floor, the whole
tenor of which was an elaborate vindication of
Mr. Buchanan from the charge of Free-Soilism,
and to show thathe was as good a pro-slavery man
as either Pierce, Douglas, or ahy other man;
and the speech of the honorablegentleman, which
I listened to and have since carefully read, proves
very conclusively to my mind that he made out
his case. The special reason assigned for this
vindication of the "sage of Wheatland" was a
speech from another honorable member from
Pennsylvania, Mr. Fuller, in which he has clear-
ly proved that Mr. Buchanan had been an old Fed-
eralist, a Free-Soiler, a Native American, for the
Wilmot Proviso and against it, and, in fact, that
he had by shifts and turns been for and against
almost every political question that had been be-
fore the American people, for the last half century.
In this game of battle-door and shuttle-eock be-
tween the Buchanan and Fillmore parties, the
Republicans do not choose to interfere. Ameri-
canism, with the supporters of Mr. Fillmore, is
a secondary question: the slavery issue with them,
as with the friends of the pro-slavery Democra-
cy, is the paramount idea. Whenever these two
questions come in contact the latter overrides the
former. We have conclusive evidence of this
spread upon the records of this House.
I have only time to refer to two cases proving
this allegation. First, the organization of the
House by the election of the present Speaker.
After the adoption of the plurality rule, and upon
the final ballot, every single supporter of Mr. Fill-
more from the slave States, with two exceptions,
voted for the honorable member from South Car-
olina, [Governor Aiken,] a gentleman who never
belonged to the Order, and always'had been, and
was then, in full fellowship With the Democratic
party, and against Mr. Banks, who is an Ameri-
can, and was the first man in the last Congress
to raise his voice in vindication of the principles
of the American party.
These Americans not only voted for Governor
Aiken, but they did it in the very teeth of a
resolution passed at a Democratic caucus of mem-
bers of the House, denouncing the American
party—which resolution the Democrats obsti-
nately refused to repeal or modify. The second
case to which I wish to call attention was the con-
tested election between Mr. Allen and Colonel
