185#.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1193
34th Cong..~1st Sess.
Plat forma and Candidates for 1856—Mr. Petty,
, Ho. of Reps.
Archer, of Illinois. Mr. Allen is * Buchanan |
Democrat, and, as I have been informed, had
always beta a determined opponent of the Amer-
ican parly—denouncing the Order both in public
and private. Mr. Archer is an American, and
recently nominated by that party for the office of
Governor in his State. After the question be-
tween these two gentlemen assumed a party
aspect, and the Buchanan Democracy supported
Mr. Allen upon parly grounds, the whole Fill--
more party 111 the House voted against Colonel
Archer, and deprived him of a seat, while nearly
every member of the same party voted for Mr.
Allen.
Mr. Fillmore's antecedents are before the coun-
try. His congressional record shows much,in
favor of freedom; and yet his southern friends
say he has repudiated it all; and for this reason
they give him their support. For proof they
cite his official doings while President, in signing
the fugitive slave Taw, and other acts almost
equally offensive to the people of the free States.
It is not my purpose to go into any extended
remarks touching Mr. Fillmore, or the platform
on ^|ti,ch his friends have placed him. I forbear
to do this, for the reason that there is no reason-
able probability of his election; hence his position
as a candidate becomes unimportant. In the
North he is supported only by a small fraction of
the American party. In every single free State,
the great battle is to be fought between FfCmont
and Buchanan; while every friend of freedom
must distinctly see the importance of a'uhion of
al! the anti-Nebraska sentiment upon the most
available candidate. Mr. Fillmore rtay carry a
portion of the South. If a majority of any of
the southern States can be made to believe that he
is more subservient to the slave power than Mr.
Buchanan, he will receive their electoral votes,
otherwise he will be everywhere defeated.
The recent elections and other passing events,
make it qnite certain that Mr. Fillmore is to be
deserted by the South. The elections in some
half dozen of the southern States, show this fact.
Within a few days, a leading member of the
American party in this House, [Hon. Perct
Walker,] announced his determination to go
over to Buchanan. Senators Benjamin, of Louis-
iana, Pratt and Pearce, of Maryland, and
Joves, of Tennessee, have all gone over to Buch-
anan. Mr. Fillmore, from present appearances,
will not get a single electoral vote in the South,
and it is evidently extreme folly for his northern
friends,opposed to Buchanan,to throw a Way their
suffrages upon a candidate who has no availabil-
ity, and thereby keep up a division of the anti-
Administration forces in the North.
I now pass along. I shall briefly notice the
Republican platform, and the gallant standard-
bearer of the people's party. In doing this, I
desire first to call the attention of the committee
to a grave and serious charge made against this
party by their political opponents—I mean the
charge of disunion. Both the Buchanan and
Fillmore parties have " let loose the dogs of war, ^
and one universal howl of41 disunion! disunion,
is sent up against the Republican party from one
end of the country to the other. This charge is
boldly made, ana shall be as boldly met and
refuted; not in the malicious, vindictive spirit in
which it is presented, but in candor, fairness,
and truth. To judge correctly of a party, it is
necessary to examine its acts, its plhtform, and
the avowed principles of its candidates. If, in
the application of this test to the Republican
party, treason is found concealed, then cry trea-
son, and not till then. _
In the conventional proceedings of the Repub-
lican party, I defy its most relentless enemies to
find a single act that even tends to disunion. It
cannot be done. No, sir; this charge of dis-
union is made without specifications; it ls^an
indictment conjured up of vague generalities,
unsupported either by the forms of law, or the
allegation of a single specific offense.,
The high court of public opinwn will order it
abated, and the grand inquest to whom it owes
its paternity wijl be discharged, both for incom-
petency ana moral corruption.
But is there anything in the Republican plat-
form which looks like disunion? I nave it before
me. I have read it carefully, and I defy any
man to point out a single word or sentence from:
which such a sentiment can be even inferred..
I will read the first resolution in the series adopted
at the Philadelphia convention, which nominated
Colonel Fremont, and let it speak for itself; |
* " Resolved, That the maintenanen of the principles pro-
mulgated in the Declaration of Independence and embodied
in the Federal Constitution, are essential to the preservation
of our Republican interests, and that the Federal Constitu-
tion, the rights of the States, and the union of the States,
must and should be preserved."
In this resolution, the Republicans assembled
from all parts of the Union solemnly pledge them-
selves to the country that " the union of the
States must and should be preserved." Upon
this platform, every Republican in the country ,
stands to-day pledged to stand by the doctrines
of the Declaration of Independence, the Federal
Constitution, and the Union. With this decla-
ration of Republican principles staring them in the
face, the advocates of slavery extension, both
in the Buchanan and Fillmore parties, have the
audacity to charge the Republican party with dis*
ttnion. So much for the shameless perversion of
truth—so much to the disgrace and dishonor of
two political parties, who, to hide their own
political deformities, band together to libel and
slander their neighbor. .
But is there anything about the past life or
present position of the Republican nominee for
the Presidency, which will justly warrant those
who oppose him in charging his party with dis-*
Union ? Nothing, sir. And I here challenge his
opponents to find a single act of his whole life,
eitner public or private—a single word or sentence
by him spoken in the Senate, on the stump,-at
the fireside, or in any other place, where he has
ever advanced a sentiment, in any degree, how-
ever remote, in favor of disunion.
He has accepted a nomination for the Presi-
dency in a letter from which I will read an ex-
tract:
"New York, 1856. ,
"GurriEmii: You call me to a high responsibility by
placing me in the van of a great movement by the people
of the United States, who, without regard to past differ-
ences, are uniting in a common effort to bring back the ac-
tion of the Federal Government to the principles of Wash-
ington and Jefferson.
" Comprehending the magnitude of the trust which they
have declared themselves willing to place in my hands,
and deeply sensible of the honor which their unreserved
confidence in this threatening position of the public affairs
implies, I feel that 1 cannot better respond than by a sin-
cere declaration that, in the event of my election to the
Presidency, t should enter upon the execution of its duties
with a single-hearted determination to promote the good of
the tehole eoumtry, and to direct solely to this end all the
power of the Government, irrespective of party issues, and
j regardless of sectional strifes." *****
| " Trusting that I have a heart capable of comprehending
| our whole country, with its varied interests, and confident j
that patriotism exists in all parts of the Union, I accept the
nomination of your convention, in the hope that I may be
enabled to serve usefully its cause, which i consider the
cause of constitutional freedom.
" Verv respectfully, your obedient servant,
" j. c. FREMONT."
After his nomination, Colonel Fremont was
waited upon by the New York delegation, and in
a short speech made to them, among other things
uttered the following noble sentiments:
" If I am elected to the high office for which your par-
tiality has nominated me, I will endeavor to administer tbe
Government according to the spirit of the Constitution, as
it was interpreted by the great men who framed and adopted
! it, and in such way as to preserve both liberty and the
| union."
II And yet the Republican party are branded as
11 disunionists. Sir, I hurl back the charge. I brand
I! it as a-perversion of every principle of truth and
1 fair dealing. I appeal to all honest American
!1 citizens to judge between the accusers and the ac-
i cused, to stamp these assumptions with the scorn
' they richly merit. So much for these groundless
1 charges of disunion, made against the Republican
party. But I will not leave this part of my sub-
ject without carrying the war into the enemy's
camp. I here charge, that the party which sup-
ports James Buchanan for the Presidency is the
disunion party of this country, And I will prove
it. The very men that control th6 destinies of
the Buchanan pro-slavery Democracy, have for a
long series of years boldly threatened disunion,
and I will show it to a demonstration.
In January, 1850, an honorable gentleman, then
a member of this House from Mississippi, now
a member of the Senate from that State, [Gov.
Brown,] is reported to have said:
" We of the Boitfh have. b«en fast friends; of the
Union." *-. * " tf yqu fancy our devotion to the
Union wfll keep us'tn the Uiiion ydu are mistaken. Our
love for the Union ceases with the justice of the Union."
* * * u j ten you candidly we have calculated the
value of the Union. Your injustice has driven us to it<
Your oppression justifies me to day in discussing,tiie valu,e
of the Union, and I do it freely and fearlessly." . * * *
" Does any man desire to know at what and for what cause
I would dissolve the Union ? I will tell him at the first mo-
ment after you consummate your first act of aggression
upon slave property, 1 would declare the Union dissolved,
and for this reason : such an act, perpetrated after the warn-,
ings we have given you, would evince a settled purpose to
interpose your authority in the management of our domestic
affairs, thus degrading us from our rightful position, as
equals, to a state of dependence and subordination."—Con-
gressional Gobe, vol. 21, part 1, pp. 258,239.
In Feburary, 1850, Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee,
then a member of this House, among other things*
remarked:
" But if California be forced upton us Without such an ad-
justment of the questions involved in that measure, I shall
be ready to make the final struggle upon this very ground.
I shall be prepared to go with the southern people in what-
ever they may determine, even though it be to abandon the
Union, when the rights of the southern States, cannot btj
otherwise protected."—Congressional Globe,yO\. 21, part
i.P-350- • ,
At the same session of Congress, m the debate
which preceded the election of Speaker, Mr<
Colcock, of So<ith Carolina, said:
" I here pledge myself, that if any bill should be patestd
at this Congress abolishing slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, or incorporating the Wilmot proviso in any form, I wilj
introduce a resolution into this House, declaring,, in Jerms,
that this Union ought to be dissolved."—Corigressidnaf
Globe, vol. 21, part 1, p. 29.
In December, 1849, an hpnprable m«inber from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]- them member of the
House, and now a Stemitor from Said State, in a
speech in this House, said:
" I do not, then, hesitate to avow before this House and
the country, and in the presence of the living God, that if,
by your legislation, you seek to drive us from the Territo-
ries of California and New Mexico, purchased by the com-
mon blood and treasure of the whole people, and to abolish
slavery in this District, thereby attempting to fix a national
degradation upon half the States of this Confederacy, I am
for disunion. And if ray physical courage be equal to the
maintenance of my convictions of right and duty, I will
devote all I am and all I have on earth to its consumma-
tion."— Congressional Globe, vol. SI, part 1, p. 28.
Another honorable Representative from Geopgia*
now a member of this House, [Mr. Stephens,]
upon the same day, in following Mr. Toombs,
said:
"I teH that gentlsman, TMr. Baker,] and I telV this
House, tvhedrarne believes it or not, or whether the people
of the North believe it or not, that the day in which aggrest-
■ion is consummated, upon any section of the country-
much and deeply as I regret it—this Union is dissolved.
However much gentlemen may refuse to believe it, they
wilt find it true." * * * • «We do not intend to
submit to aggression on our rights, and I tell this House
that every word uttered by my colleague meets my hearty
response. [Applause.]"— Congressional Globe, vol.21, part
1, p. 29.
Mr. Meade, of Virginia, a member of the
House, in December, 1849, in a speech, said:
" But, sir, if the organization of this House is to be fol
I lowed by the passage of their bills, (admitting California
and adopting the Wilmot proviso,) I trust in God, sir, that
my eyes have rested upon the last Speaker of the House of
Representatives.''— Congressional Globe, vol. 21, part 1,
I page 26.
| These declarations come not from members of
l .the Republican party, but from the leaders of
; the Buchanan Democracy; from gentlemen who
stand in the front ranks of that party. In lookr
ing over the records of Congress for the last tea
years, I find the same threats of disunion all the
way along, coming in every single instance from
men opposed to the Republican party. But I
will not confine my examinations to the history
of the past, but will now proceed to make certain
extracts from the speeches and writings of honor-
able gentlemen upon this floor, in the Democratic
party, since the meeting of the present Congress.
In the House, December 13, (Appendix to
Congressional Globe, page 47,) Mr. Walker,
of Alabama, said:
" After all, it is not the Union—tbe Union alone—-upon
which the reflecting man of this country bases his hope?
and rests his affections. With him the Union is secondary
in importance to the principles it was designed to perpetuate
and establish." . . T
Mr. Bennett, of Mississippi, in the House,
December 22, (Appendix to Congressional Globe,
page 48,) said:
" When vou tell roe that you intend to put a restriction
!1  «fhl Territories, I say to you that upon that subject tbe
i 1 uT^t«nd will notwbmit to iwy such thing."
