1194
. appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Platforms and Candidates of 1856—Mr. Perry.
Ho. of Reps.
On the 20th of December,in the House, (Con-
gressional Globe, page 61,) Mif. McMullin, of
Virginia, said:
<; And i tell you, sir, and I want the country to know it;
i want tlie gentlemen from the free States, our Republicans,
our Seward Republicans, our Abolitionists, or whatever
cl«e thev may be called, to know it, that if you restore the
Missouri compromise or repeal the fugitive slave law, this
Union will be dissolved.  
" I hope that if any gentleman deems I do not propeny
represent the state of public feeling in the South, he wilt
correct me."
In the House, on the 4th of January, Mr.
Botce, of South Carolina, (Congressional Globe,
page 143,) said:
" That party which places itself upon the position of
giving power to the North, will eventually succeed; and
when that party does succeed, in my opinion the L nion
will be at an end." _
In the House, March 13, (Appendix to Con-
gressional Globe, page 230,) Mr. Letcher, of
Virginia, said:
*« So far as the South are concerned, sir, I will tell you
now what I have no doubt will be the fact—what I be-
lieve firmly and conscientiously, that if you, the Repub- |
licans, should have power here, and undertake to pass ;
measures to cflry out the principles which you profess, you ,
wonld find that we had spirit enough to separate from you,
and make the effort, at least, to take care of ourselves."
In the House, April 9, Hon. E. S. Shorter, j
of Alabama, said:
" You have thoroughly aroused the southern States to a
sense of their danger. You have caused them coolly to
estimate the value of the Union: and we are determined
to maintain our equality in it, or independence out of it."
***********
"The Smith has planted itself where it intends to stand
or fall, Union or no Union—and that is, upon the platform
laid down by the Georgia convention."
I could go on, and read from other speeches
containing the same sentiments, delivered by
other members of the same party. I make no
comments upon what I have read; but leave the
committee and the country to judge for them-
selves what party in this House threatens dis-
union. . ...
There is another assumption set up by both
the Fillmore and Buchanan parties, which I desire
specially to notice. I shall introduce what I have
to say upon thisjpoint by reading from a speech
recently delivered by Mr. Fillmore at Albany,
New York. In that speech, while alluding to the
Republican party, he said:
" We see a political party presenting candidates for the
Presidency and Vice Presidency, selected for the ftrst time
from the free States alone, with the avowed purpose of
electing these candidates by suffrages of one part of tbe
Union only, to rule over the whole United States. Can it
be possible that those who are engaged in such a measure
can have seriously reflected upon the consequences which
must inevitably follow, in case of success? [Cheers.] Can
they have the madness or the folly to believe that our
southern brethren would submit to be governed by such a
Chief Magistrate ? [Cheers.]"
In his closing remarks he went through the old
farce of" dissolving the Union." Such a speech,
from such a source, must be not only a matter of
extreme surprise, but deep regret, to patriotic
men of all parties. Here we have the mortifying
spectacle presented, of a man who has been once
President of the United States, and the candidate
of a respectable party for reelection—declaring
in substance, on a public occasion, that if an op-
posing candidate, representing an equally respect-
able and much larger party, is elected, the South
ought not to submit, but would be justified in
going into open rebellion, breaking up the Gov-
ernment, ana destroying the Union.
But Mr. Fillmore is not alone in uttering sen-
timents of this character. Many of his support-
ers indulge in the same strain of remarks. Neither
are these threats of insubordination confined ex-
clusively to Fillmore men. Almost every Buch-
anan Democrat who has spoken upon the ques-
stion since the nomination of Colonel Frgmont,
has uttered similar sentiments. We have had
speech upon speech in this House, from gentle-
men who declare that the election of Colonel Fre-
mont would be an end of the Union. The Buch-
anan and Fillmore presses are thundering forth
the same revolutionary sentiments in all parts of
the Union, while their stump orators are breath-
ing " fire and sword" in case the Republican can-
didate is elected.
Are Mr. Fillmore, and the men who put forth
place themselves? It is a declaration that, in a
certain contingency, they boldly strike for a rev-
olution and civil war, to end in a certain dissolu-
tion of the Union. And what is that contingency ?
Nothing but this: If a majority of the legal elect-
ors in this country exercise their constitutional*
rights, and elect the man of their choice to the
Presidency, then treason is to run rampant, and
the Union is to be sundered to atoms. These
threats are a stab aimed at the very vitals of the
Confederacy. It is a declaration put forth that
the majority shall no longer rule. These men,
and these parties, declare, not only that the ma-
jority shall no longer rule, but they go for striking
down the individual right of the elector, and
undertake to dictate to the sovereign people, and
say to them that they must vote for certain can-
didates, or we will dissolve the Union. They
usurp the authority of tyrants, and, Louis Napo-
j leon like, would compel every American citizen
| to vote with cudgels brandished over their heads,
! and bristling bayonets pointed at their bosoms.
| The Constitution of our common country con-
tains the great fundamental principles that must
govern in the election of aPresident. It expressly
provides that the majority shall rule; and the
man or the party that preaches a different doc-
trine, instigates and encourages rebellion against
it. I want it to go to the country, that the fol-
lowers of Messrs. Buchanan and Fillmore, upon
this floor, are openly declaring that the election
of Mr. Fremont will be an end of the Union. 1
want the country to know what parties in this
House and the Senate threaten rebellion—resist-
ance to the Constitution of the country and dis-
union of the people—and the people shall know
it. If the Constitution of the country is to be
trampled in the dust—if the majority are here-
after to be denied the right to rule—if revolution
is to be threatened, and the country menaced
with civil war—for exercising a constitutional
right in a legal manner—then the year 1856
is as good a time to try that question as any
other. And 1 here say to our Buchanan and
Fillmore friends, whether North or South, we
plant ourselves firmly upon the rock of the Con-
stitution; we cast your admonitions to the whis-
tling winds; your threats pass away from our
memories like a " tale that is told;" we are Amer-
ican citizens, and we will exercise the rights of
American citizens so long as we have a Consti-
tution or a country.
Of Mr. Buchanan I shall speak respectfully.
Against him, as a private citizen, I have no words
of reproach to utter; but as a candidate for the
highest office in the gift of the American people,
his official acts are public property, and I have a
right to review them. That he commenced his
public career a Federalist, his friends do not deny;
that he opposed the war of 1812, and denounced
Mr. Madison and the Democratic party, is equally
certain. In his 4th of July oration at Lancaster,
Pennsylvania, in 1815, a copy of which I have
before me, he speaks of the " diabolical passions
of the Democracy; he charges President Madison
with " preferring his private interest to the pub-
lic good;" and when speaking of his administra-
tion says: " Time will not allow me to enumerate
all the other wild and wicked projects of the Dem-
ocratic Administration."
But the great question the American people now
desire to have answered is, what is Mr. Buchan-
an's past record and present position upon the
slavery question ?
For fear I may be accused of misrepresenting
his opinions, I will let his own friends answer the
interrogatories. The Richmond Enmiirer, the
leading Democratic paper in the whole South and
in the Union, in its issue of July 15, 1856, con-
tains an article of three columns, giving the record
of Mr. Buchanan's votes and acts, and winds up
as follows:
" 1. In 1836, Mr. Buchanan supported a bill to prohibit
the circulation of Abolition papers through the mails.
" 2. In the same year he proposed and voted for the ad-
mission of Arkansas. ....
" 3. In 1838-37, he denounced, and voted to reject, peti-
tions for the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia.
" 4. In 1837, he voted for Mr. Calhoun's famous resolu-
tions, defining the rights of the States, and the limits of
Federal authority, and affirming it to be the duty of the
r eaerai auinoruy, anu aiunumg n ««««j «■.
aic iui. un. 'uv ■■ r-—" "V I Government to protect and uphold the institutions ot tile
these threats, sincere and honest in wnat they 1 south.
eay ? If so, into what kind of a position do they II "5. In 1838-39 and '40, he invariably voted with southern
Senators against the consideration of anti-slavery petitions.
" 6. In 1844-45, he advocated and voted for the annexa-
tion ofTexns.
" 7. In 1847, he sustained the Clayton compromise.
" 8. Ill 1850, he proposed and urged the extension of the
Missouri compromise to the Pacific ocean.
" 9. But h  promptly acquiesced in the compromise of
1850, and employed all his influence in favor of the faithful
execution of the fugitive slave law.
"10. In 1851, he remonstrated against an enactment of
the Pennsylvania Legislature for obstructing the arrest and
return of fugitive slaves.
" 11. In 1854, he negotiated for the acquisition of Cuba.
" 12. In 1856, he approves the repeal of the Missouri re-
striction, and supports the principles of the Kansas-Ne-
braska act.
"13. He never gave a vote against the interests of slavery,
and never uttered a word which could pain the most sensi-
tive Southern heart."
I have examined the records of Congress, and
find they correspond with the statements of the
Enquirer. I have a large number of Demo-
cratic papers, which I should like to put upon
the stand to show Mr. Buchanan's position upon
the slavery question, but have only time to read
a single extract from the Mobile Tribune, the
leading Democratic paper in Alabama. That
paper, in a recent number, says:
" Mr. Buchanan now stands on the platform wliieH'piar-
anties to the South everything which she lias ever de-
manded, and is himself tbe standard bearer of   party
warring to the death with Free-Soilism."
I call upon all northern men ta loolc the record
Mr. Buchanan's friends make up for him, square
in the face, without dodging, and then, as honest,
liberty-loving men, swallow the dose, if they can,
by voting for him.
But, a$ Mr. Buchanan some months since pub-
lished himself dead, it may be interesting to look
a little after his " remains."
In a speech at Wheatland, to the Keystone
Club, soon after his nomination, lie said:
" Gentlemen, two weeks since I should have made a
longer speech ; but now I have been placed upon a platform
of which I most heartily approve, and that can speak for
me. Being the representative of the great Democratic
party, and not simply James Buchanan, 1 must square my
conduct to the platform of that party, and insert no new
plank, nor take one from it."
Thus the great Pennsylvanian, becoming tired
of himself, " shuffled off this mortal coil," quietly
laid himself down upon the thorny bed prepared
by his political doctors at Cincinnati, squared his
stalwart frame to its unnatural dimensions, and
with his dying words declared, " this is the last
of James Buchanan."
" The departed, the departed!
They visit us in dreams:
And they glide above our memories
Like shadows over streams."
As we are referred to the Democratic platform
for an exposition of Democratic principles, I will
call the attention of the committee and country
to some of its doctrines. This platform is an
anomaly. It first treads rudely upon the memo-
ries of the past, and gives us the old Democratic
platform of bygone days. It copies the old res-
olution upon slavery, originally framed by the
pure-minded and deeply lamented Silas Wright:
" 9. That Congress has no power under the Constitution  o
interfere with or control the domestic institutions of the
several States, and that all such States are the sole and
proper judges of everything appertaining to their own af-
fairs not prohibited by the Constitution."
It then appends the " patchwork" of the Dem-
ocratic Convention of 1852:
" Resolved, That the foregoing proposition eovers, and
was intended to embrace, the whole subject of slavery agi-
tation in Congress, and therefore the Democratic party of
tbe Union, standing on this national platform, will abide by
and adhere to a faithful execution of the acts known as the
compromise measures settled by Congress.
" Resolved, That the Democratic party will resist all at-
tempts at renewing, in Congress or out of it, the agitation
of the slavery question, under whatever shape or color the
attempt may be made."
Here I call the special attention of the country
to this fact: that the Democratic party, four years
ago, solemnly resolved to " abide by arid adhere
to" the " compromise measures settled by Con-
gress," which not only includes the compromises
of 1850, but those of 1820. Having falsified all
these pledges by their acts, the Democratic party
again indorse them, and in the same string of
resolutions at Cincinnati repudiate them, in the
following resolve:
" Resolved, The American Democracy recognize and
adopt the principles contained m th^ organic laws estab-
lishing the Territories of Kansas and
tag the only sound and safe solution of the slavery ques-
tion."
