1856.}
APBEMMX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1196
34th Cons 1st Sess.
Platforms find Cundidatzt of 1856—Mr. Perry,
Ho. or Reps.
Here ia a direct, unqualified indorsement tmd
mpprwnl of the repeal of the " Missouri compro-
mise "—the sole object of which was to introduce
slavery into Kansas, and make that Territory &
•lave State. j
Here, in this Democratic platform of 1856, we
find distinctly embodied the following proposi- ;
lions:
First—Jgminst all slavery agitation.
Second—For slavery agitation. !
Third—To abide by the compromises; and
Fourth—To brtak them at pleasure.
The approval of the repeal of the Missouri
compromise by the Cincinnati convention is not
only an indorsement of that wicked measure, but
a distinct justification of all the evils and enormi-
ties that have flowed from it.
Yes, Mr. Chairman, there has not been a
"border ruffian" invasion into Kansas but what
is here indirectly indorsed by the Buchanan De-
mocracy. The repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise has been the cause of the horrible, revolting
scenes witnessed in Kansas. It has pointed the
highwayman's rifle—whet the assassin's dagger—
lighted the torch of the incendiary—invaded the ;
sanctity of the domestic fireside — made wives j
widows, and children orphans—it has sacked
villages and burnt cities—it has sotinded the toc-
sin of civil war, and brandished the fiery torch of
disunion in every direction, until its dismal glare
threatens the very existence of our Government.
And yet the Buchanan Democracy say that the !
measures which caused all these frightful evils i j
contain " the only sound and safe solution of the '
slavery question!"
The Cincinnati platform further declares Con-
gress has no power to prohibit slavery in the
Territories, when it resolves in favor of " non-
interference by Congress with slavery in the Ter-
ritories."
This is a new plank. Formerly this principle 1
was applied only to the States: now it is extended 1
te the Territories. Thus the Democratic party
have become wiser than all the revolutionary
fathers—wiser than Washington, Adams, Jef-
ferson, Madison, Monroe, Jackson, and Polk, who ,
all signed bills restricting or prohibiting slavery
in the Territories, and gone over, soul and body, :
to the doctrines of the slavery propagandi. i'
But there is still another important matter to :
which I will specially call the attention of the ,
American people. The convention which nom-
inated Buchanan expressly abandoned the doc-
trine of " squatter sovereignty," the only reason
that has ever been urged by tne Democrats of the
free States as a justification for the repeal of the
Missouri compromise. The only resolution of
that convention which recognizes the right of the
people of a Territory to do anything while in a
territorial condition, is in the following words:
" Resolved, That we recognize the tight of the people of
all the Territories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting
through the fairly-«xpreaeed will of the majority of actual
residents, and, whenever the number of their inhabitants
justifies it, to form a constitution, with or without domestic
•livery, and be admitted into the (Jnion upon terms of per-
fect equality with the other States."
Is the right of the settlers in a Territory to legis-
late either for or against slavery here recognized ?
Does it give them a single prerogative to " regu-
late their own affairs in their own way ?" Not
one. It simply, in a certain contingency, gives
them the right to perform a single act—to wit:
" form a constitution;" and when this is done,
this, the only act they are by the pro-slavery
Democracy allowed to perform, is subject to the
will of Congress, which can admit or reject them
at pleasure. Thus has " squatter sovereignty,"
the great boasted principle of the right of the peo-
ple of the Territories to self-government, about
which there has been so much ado, been crucified
in the house of its friends.
The Richmond Enquirer, in a recent number,
after reciting Mr. Buchanan's antecedents in favor
of slavery, confirms this view of the action of the
Cincinnati Convention. It says:
** These considerations -(in which men of all parties ia
the general will poocur) afford a clue to ascertain and de-
termine his meaning and opinions as to squatter sovereignty.
The Nebraska bhthas been charged with ambiguity; yet it
Is hard to mispeet tte majority in Congress, who enacted it,
with fraudulent taMBtkm. The changed phraseology em-
ployed on the mm Mtfeject in the Cincinnati platform, was i
adopted in orttor more explicitly aadfully to repudiate the
idea of squatter sovereignty."
Without word or comment, I place before the
people of the country two resolutions upon this
subject, passed at the convention which nomin-
ated Colonel Fremont, with ail extract of a letter
from the Republican candidate to a meeting in
the New York Tabernacle, written only a few
months since:
« Resolved, That Kansas should be immediately admitted
as a State of this Union, with herjiresent free constitution,
as at once the most effectual way of securing to her citizens
the enjoyment of the rights and privileges to which they are
entitled, and of ending the civil strife now raging in her
Territory.
"Resolved, That the Constitution confers upon Congress
sovereign power over the Territories of the United States
for their government; and tliat in the exercise of this power,
it is both the right and the imperative duty of Congress to
prohibit in the Territories those twin relics of barbarism,
polygamy and shivery."
" I am opposed to slavery in the abstract and upon prin-
ciple, sustained and made habitual by long-settled convic-
t ions. While lam inflexible in the belief that it ought not
to be interfered with where it exists under the shield of
State sovereignty, I am inflexibly opposed to its extension
on this continent beyond its present limits.—"John C. Frt-
jnont.
I have only time to call your attention to one
more plank in the Buchanan platform:
"Fifthly—Resolved, That the Democratic party will expect
from the next Administration every proper effort to be made
to insure our ascendency in the Gnlf of Mexico, and main-
tain a permanent protection of the great outlets through
whicl],are emptied into its waters the products raised on
the soil, and the commodities created by the industry of the
people of our Western valleys, and the Union at large."
This is a bid for the votes of," filibusters"—
a covert attempt to seize Cuhaby force-—involve
us in a war with Spain, with the view of the sup-
sequent annexation of that island to the United
States, to strengthen and perpetuate slavery.
This doctrine, if carried out, would be nothing
short of wholesale piracy.
This resolution only indorses the official acts
of Mr. Buchanan while Minister to Great Brit-
tain. In a conference he held with the American
Ministers to France and Spain, at Ostend, they
offered Spain two hundred millions of dollars for
Cuba, which she refused; they then issued the
famous "Ostend manifesto," of which the fol-
lowing is an extract:
" After we shall have offered Spain a price for Cuba far
beyond its present value, and this shall have been refused,
it will then be time to consider the question, does Cuba in
the possession of Spain seriously endanger our internal
peace and existence of our cherished Union ? Should this
question be answered in the affirmative, then by every taw,
human and divine, we shall be justified hi wresting it from
Spain, if we possess the power. -
>"'• ; "James Buchanan,
" John Y. Mason,
" Pierre Socle.
" Aix La Chapei.le, October 18,1854."
As to what was Mr. Buchanan's motive in this
transaction, I will again call to the stand one of
his own confidential friends—the Charleston Mer-
cury. That paper says:
" But, in order that the absurdity of the charge of Mr.
Buchanan's being a ' Free-Soiler' may, if possible, become
apparent, we need only cite the fact, that, two years ago,
he signed the Ostend manifesto, a document whose sole
object was to acquire Cuba, out of which two or three slave
States could have been formed."
Here his sole object is declared to have been to
acquire territory out of which to make " two or
three slave States." In this connection, I will
read a resolution passed at the Philadelphia con-
vention, and an extract of a letter from Colonel
Fr&nont, accepting his nomination, and invite
the people of the country to read and consider for
themselves:
"Resolved, That the highwayman's plea, that ' might
makes right,' embodied in tlie Ostend circular, was in every
respect unworthy of American diplomacy, and would bring
shame and dishonor upon any Government or people that
gave it their sanction."
" I concur in the views of the convention, deprecating
the foreign policy to which it adverts. The assumption, that
we have the right to take from another nation its domains
because we want them, is an abandonment of the honest
character which our country has acquired. To provoke
hostilities by unjust assumptions would be to sacrifice the
f«;ace and character of the country, when all its interests
might be more certainly secured, and its objects obtained,
by just and healing counsels, involving no loss of reputa-
tion."—John C. Frimont.in his letter accepting the nomin-
ation/or the Presidency, July 8,1856.
The more closely we examine the past history
and present position of Mr. Buchanan and the
platform upon which he has lost his personal
identity, the more clearly do we discern the fact,
that he is but the representative of a single sec-
tion of this country. He is the southern candidate,
the special representative of three hundred and
fifty thousand slaveholders at the South, and to
carry out their schemes and their policy he is a
pledged man. If the people of this country de-
sire another four years " reign of terror,"if they
want civil war and border ruffianism, instead of
peace and quiet, they have only to elect James
Buchanan, and they will have it all.
The convention which nominated Mr. Buch-
anan, formally, by resolution, indorsed the ad-
ministration of Franklin Pierce; while the former
is publicly pledged to carry out the policy of the
latter.
But I turn away from this dark picture, over
which hangs the black pall of slavery, to the
sunshine and cloudless sky. At this trying crisis
in the history of our Government, it is with
patriotic pride that the friends of the Constitution
and the union point to a man, doubtless raised
; up by the hand of Providence to lead the legions
' of freedom to victory. The nomination of Colo-
nel Fremont came directly from .the people.
Appalled at the rising, overshadowing popularity
of our gallant leader, the cohorts of slavery are
pouring out the pent-up vials of their wrath and
fury in vituperation, slander, and falsehood, upon
his devoted head. These defamers of the moun-
tain pathfinder seem to have forgotten that they
themselves, only a few short years or months
ago, paid the most exalted tribute to his mighty
genius, and hard-earned fame.
The Charleston Mercury of September 24,1847,
bore the following testimony to the character and
ability of Colonel Fremont:
" The marked and brilliant career of Colonel Fremont
has arrested general attention and admiration, and has been
watched with a lively interest by his fellow-citizens of
South Carolina. Charleston, particularly, is proud of him ;
and in the reputation which he has at so early an age
achieved for himself, she too has a share."
The Columbia South Carolinian says:
"In early life his talents were nurtured by gentle hands;
in approaching manhood he.'was upheld by generous and
patriotic men—in the development of his genius South Car-
olina encouraged him by her support, and presented him
with a sword, in token of her appreciation of the use ho
had made of his talents, and the energy and force of char-
acter he had exhibited in his daring efforts to add to the
science of his country."
In 1848, Hon. John/A, Dix, in a speech in the
Senate Of tHe-CilitetfSfitea, in favor of ascertain-
liig sihdpayifrg certain claims in California, deliv-
ered March 29, indorsed Colonel Fremont as fol-
lows:
"In the execution of these objects, the young and accom-
plished officer at the head of his troops, Colonel Fremont,
exhibited a combination of energy, promptitude, sagacity,
and prudence, which indicated the highest capacity for civil
and military command ; and, in connection with what he
has done for the cause of science, it has given him a repu-
tation at home and abroad, of which men much older and
more experienced than himself might well be proud."
Democratic papers in my own State, only a
few short months ago, were his greatest euk>-
gizers. The Bangor Democrat said:
" Fremont's whole life has been spent in adding to the
glory and renown of his common country."
The Augusta Age, speaking of Colonel Fre-
mont, said: '
" He is too much attached to the Union to join any party
which ' does not keep step to its music.' "
The Saco Democrat said:
" Colonel Fremont, by all his actions, has shown himself
one of the first men of the country. His sympathies are all
with the Democracy; and his attachment to the Union,
without regard to North or South, cannot be questioned for
a mom Ait."
Note, these same journals are slandering Colo-
nel Fremont.
Did they speak the truth then, or do they speak
it now ? Let an intelligent people judge.
Mr. Chairman, the hero who now. leads the
columns of freedom's army is no ordinary person-
age. When a mere boy, beside his widowed
mother, he stood over the grave of a father, and
with her was left to travel the lone vale of pen-
ury and want. With an energy of character,
which has ever been his guiding star of genius,
he successfully grappled with every obstacle.
Laughing at seeming impossibilities, he fearlessly
braved every storm, and plodding his way alone,
satiated his intellectual aspirations at the fountains
of human science and learning.
