1196
' ? APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 6y
34tjt Cong.... 1st Sess.
^ktvery Queititm—Mr. Sage.-
Ho. of Reps.
Arriving at raaturel1 years, in specting his pro-
fession he avoided the dull routine and retired
walks which are connected with a life of ease,
and comparative Hwcury and indolence. In mark-
ing ont his way, he chose not an orbit which
lies in circular lines around a given point, but,
like the biasing meteor, shot off into the track-
less regions of unexplored Bpace in search of new
worlds in the universe of God. When contem-
plating the vast domain of a mighty Republic,
{is soaring genius was not content to sit down
and idle away life in airy dreams and theoretical
speculations; but, with a heroism and a bravery
that challenged the admiration of the world, he
pointed his way through regions upon which the
light of civilization had never dawned. With his
hardy pioneers around him, he plodded on through
valleys where no human voice had ever echoed
save the war-hoop of the wild native. He Bcaled
mountains where none but the footstep of the
Savage had ever trod. Amid the scorching heat of
summer and the wild and furious blasts of winter1,
he has opened to civilization and settlement a
vast empire hitherto unexplored and unknown.
" Countless as the stars of heaven^ or the sands
upon the sea shore," are the myriads of human
beings who,- within the centuries to come, shall
follow in the way which, with the aid of celestial
light and the telescopic glass, he first located and
made plain. With a few dauntless spirits around
him, he first unfurled the stars and stripes upori
the far-off shores of the western ocean, and by his
indomitable bravery and heroism, gave to his
country a free empire upon the shores of the
Pacific.
His career as a statesman, though brief, has
been brilliant. His official record contains no
word or line the friends of constitutional freedom
would wish to blot. With a Christian character
and moral reputation pure and spotless as the
driven snows which whistled around his track-
less path upon the bleak cliffs of the Rocky
Mountains, he unites the integrity of an honest
man, blended with the pure light of an exalted
patriotism.
Fresh from their own ranks the people have
selected the young hero, whose brilliant career
I have briefly noticed, for their standard-bearer
in the ensuing campaign.
Already is his nomination responded to with
an enthusiasm never before known. Among the
descendants of the Pilgrim Fathers who landed
upon Plymouth Rock, and made our own New
England the " Eden " of the world, there is a
perfect "ground swell." The " Empire " State,
with her teeming millions, the Old " Keystone
of the arch," and the smaller States in the great
center of the Union, are, in unbroken columns,
marching to the " music which keeps step with
the Union," under the flag of the pathfinder; and
in the great Northwest, " Freedom and Fre-
mont " are sweeping in every direction, like au-
tumnal fires over their boundless prairies. Sir,
the people- themselves have declared tear against
this Administration, and the party that are labor-
ing to perpetuate it. They have themselves taken
the field. In every breeze that floats.through the
heavens, you hear the "deep-toned rumblings of
freedom's artillery;
" Legions <m legions brighten all the shores.
Then banners rise, and caiinon-sigo^l roars;
Then peals the warlike thunder of the drum,
Thrills the load fife, the trumpet flourish pours.
And patriot hopes awake, and doubts are dumb,
For bold in freedom's cause, the bands of freedom come."
PROFESSION a AND ACTS OF THE PRESIDENT;
MISSOURI COMPROMISE; KANSAS; SECTIONAL
INFLUENCE AND AGGRESSIONS OF THE SLAVE
POWER.  
SPEECH OF HON. RUSSELL SAGE,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
Jlugust 6, 1856.
The House being in the Commit A of the Whole on the
 tate of the Union—
Mr. SAG-E said:
Mr. Chairman: When I took my seat here in
December, 1853,1 found a new Administration in
power1, having been elected by cme of the largest
popular votes ever given to any previous one. It
had over two thirds of its friends in the Senate
and in this House. It received this power by
professions and pledges of adherence to the com-
promises of the past, and opposition to the agita-
tion of the question of slavery in the future.
The country Was in an unprecedented state of
prosperity. Our foreign and domestic affairs were
of the most pacific character; but in less than two
monthsachange commenced, and instead ofpeace
and quiet reigning, as had been promised, the
firebrand of slavery and sectionalism was intro-
duced into the Senate of the United States by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas;] ana the
unfortunate bitter and sectional results that have
followed it is the subject which I propose to dis-
cuss during the time allotted to me this evening,
in the following order, namely: Its causes, its ob-
jects, its results, its influence, and remedy.
First, its cause was owing to the departure of
the professions and pledges made prior to1 and at
the commencement of the present Administration.
It is a historical fact, that during the long and
exciting session of the Congress of 1850, certain
Senators ^nd Representatives then in Congress
got up a congressional pledge, for the purpose of
forever Stopping the agitation of the subject of
slavery, and of saving the Union, and that the
present Administration came into power on the
professions and pledge of adherence to and sup-
port of this Congressional pledge and the com-
promise measures of 1850. Mr. Chairman, in
order that we may fully realize the fidelity of this
Administration in its professions and pledges, I
beg to read this memorable document, that the
country may judge of the difference between pro-
fessions ana acts:
" Declaration and Pledge.—The undersigned, mem-
bers of the Thirty-First Congress of the United States, believ-
ing that a renewal of sectional controversy upon the subject
of slavery would be both dangerous to the Union and destruct-
ive to Us objects, and seeing no moile by which such con-
troversies can be avoided, except by a strict adherence to
{he settlement thereof, effected by the compromise passed
at the last session of Congress, do hereby declare their in-
tention to maintain the same settlement inviolate, and to
resist all attempts to repeal or alter the acts aforesaid, unless
by general consent of the friends of the measure, and to
remedy such evils, if any, as time and experience may de-
velop. And for tiie purpose of making this resolution effect-
ive, they further declare that they will not support for the
offioe of President Vice President, or of Senator or of
Representative in Congress, or as member of a State Legis-
lature, any man, of whatever party, who is not known to
be opposed to the disturbance of the settlement aforesaid,
and to the renewal, in any form, of agitation upon the sub-
ject of slavery hereafter.
Henry Clay, Howell Cobb,
0- S. Morehead, H. S. Foote,
William C. Dawson, James Brooks,
Robert L. Rose, .William Duer,
Thomas ]. Rusk, A. H. Stephens,
Jeremiah Clemens, R. Toombs,
James Cooper, M. P. Gentry,
Thomas G. Pratt, H. W. Milliard,
William M. Gwinn, F. G. McLean,
Samuel A. Elliott, A. G. Watkins,
' David Outlaw, H. A. Bullard,
C. H. Williams, T. S. Hamond,
, j. Phelps Phffinix, A. H. Sheppard,
A. U. Scliermerhom, Edmund Deberry,
John R. Thurman, H. Marshall,
D. A. Bokee, Daniel Breck,
George R. Andrews, James L. Johnson,
W. P. Mangum, J. B. Thompson,
Jeremiah Morton, J. M. Anderson,
R. J. Bowie, John B. Kerr,
E. C. Cabell, J. P. Caldwell,
Alexander Evans, Allen F. Owen."
Now, sir, remember the distinguished met
who signed it, the phraseology used, and the
warning made in it, " that a renewal of sectional
controversy upon the subject <tf slavery would be both
dangerous to the Union, and destructive to its objects; "
and yet, Mr. Chairman, before the short space
of four years has elapsed, some of the very men
who had signed this celebrated pledge were open
and violent in denouncing the North, and urging
the passage of the Kansas and Nebraska bill,
repealing the Missouri compromise act.
But, sir, before I speak more specifically re-
specting the repeal of this time-honored act, I
wish to call attention to the declaration of the
President of the United States, as contained in
his first annual message to Congress in Decern--
ber, 1853, in which he says:
" It ia no part of my purpose to give prominence to any
subject which may properly be regarded as set at rest by the
deliberate judgment of the people. But while the present
is bright with promi e,and the ftiture fall of demand and
inducement for the exercise of active intelligence, the past
can never be without useful lessons of admonition and in-
struction. If its dangers serve not as beacons, they will
evidently fail to fulfill the object of a wise design. When
the grave shall have closed over all who are now endeavor-
ing to meet the obligations of duty, the year 1850 will be
recurred to as; a period filled with anxiouB apprehension.
a successful war had just terminated; peace brought with
i it a vast augmentation of territory; disturbing questions
; arose, bearing upon the domestic institutions of one por-
tion of the Confederacy, involving the constitutional rights
of the States. But, notwithstanding differences of opinion
and sentiment which then existed in relation to details and
specific provisions, the acquiescence of distinguished citi-
zens, whose devotion to the Union can never be doubted,
has given renewed vigor to our institutions, and restored a
sense of repose and security to the public mind throughout
the Confederacy. That this repose is to suffer no shock
during my official term, if I have power to avert it, those
wlio placed me here may be assured. There is no condem-
nation which the voice of freedom will not pronounce upon
us, should we prove faithless to this great trust."
Oh! sir, if these patriotic declarations had been
adhered to, how much of bitter sectionalism
would have been averted !—how many peaceful
and happy homes would have been saved!—how
much of human suffering prevented!—and, oh!
sir, how many precious lives would have been
saved. But, alas 1, truth compels me to declare,
that it was but a deceptive declaration-—p. figure
of rhetoric. ,
Now, Mr. Chairman, having shown what the
professions of the leading meoof tfaeSonth'were,
and the present Administration in particular, I
proceed to consider the causes which have led to
the present deplorable state of things throughout
the length and breadth of the country; and I
charge that it is owing to the violation crif the dec-
larations and pledges to which 1 have referred,
in the reopening of the slavety agitation in 1854,
by the repeal of the time-honored compact, known
as the " Missouri compromise act," from which
all of the present domestic troubles have arisen,
and has well nigh seriously strained the stability
of the Union. •
In January, 1854, a bill was introduced into the
United States Senate by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. DoueLAS,] providing for the organization
of the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, but
it did not provide for the repeal of the Missouri re-
striction; consequently, it was recommitted to the
Committee on Territories, and the wishes of the
South complied with, and an outrage perpetrated
towards the free North that will never be forgot-
ten, even if it should ever be forgiven, because it
was conceived in political bad faith and repudia-
tion, and consummated by political intrigue, cor-
ruption, and partisan rewards. When this bill;
establishing the territorial governments of Kansaai
and Nebraska, was passed, it was enacted that
they should i when admitted as States, be admit-
ted " with op without slavery, as their constitu-
tion should provide." But this was not enough
for the slaveholding States; and therefore' the
Missouri compromise, which , forbids slavery
forever north of 36° 30' north latitude; that timer
honored compact, that bill of repose for which
the slaveholding States had received and secured
forever their consideration; that bill, which was
a southern measure, passed by southern votes,
and claimed as a southern victory: that bill which
was forced by the South on the North.
But, sir, the'North—although wronged, as she
felt herself to be, by its passage:—respected it and
acquiesced in it; but the South, with their few
dough-faced allies at the North, repealed it, after
it had been sanctioned for a period of over thirty
years; and this, too, be it remembered, without
there being a single petition presented to Congress
asking for it, while public meetings were held
throughout the country denouncing the measure,
and thousands and tens and hundreds of thousands
of citizens remonstrated, in the most urgent man-
ner, against its repeal; but it was all in vain. And
then came the novel experiment of submitting the
subject to the people who should come into the
Territory. This was done to admit slavery into
the Territory, which that compromise forbade^
and if the North ever submits to its introduction
she will deserve to bear all the reproaches that
the South heaps upon her. Bat of this I < have
no fear. While the people of the free States art
not easily aroused at trifling things, yet, When
repudiation of plighted faith stalks abroad, anq
the black flag of slavery hovers over the Tern-
tones once dedicated to freedom by a solemn
