1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1199
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Sage.
Ho. of Reps.
t>een carried on." I now submit a statement of
the slave power:
Slaveholder*
Statet. in each.
Alabama       29,295
Arkansas     5,999
Pelaware        809
Florida  3,950
Georgia i  38,456
Kentucky   38,385
Louisiana      20,670
Maryland      16,041)
Mississippi 23,116 '
Missouri   19,185
North Carolina 28,303 .
South Carolina  35,596 1
Tennessee    33,864
Texas  7,747
Virginia  55,063
Total   346,047
Thus it will be seen that the number ^slave-
owners, including men, women, and children, is
only about three hundred and forty-six thou-
sand, and the free white population over six mil-
lions, in the slave States—or only about one in
twenty of the white population in the slave States
are slave-owners. Yet this small number, by a
union of interest, and by the political importance
fiven to slavery, rule these States absolutely and
espotically; the great majority of the people—a
majority of nearly twenty to one—are never heard
of, and have no more power in those States, po-
litically, than the slaves its aristocratic rulers
own! This is truly astonishing! But the coa-
dition of the General Government is more so.
The free population of the Union is about twenty
millions. The slave-owners now number some
three hundred and forty-six thousand. For the
past sixty years their numbers would average
from one hundred and fifty to two hundred thou-
sand; yet the General Government is in their
hands, and has been forthe pastfifly years, when
the majority against them in the tJnion is as sixty
to one; still they hold the power, and the Gov-
ernment is directed and controlled by them, and
has been almost ever since it has been in opera-
tion. And during all that time more than one
half of all the important offices of the Govern-
ment—and I believe nearly two thirds of those
offices—have been filled by slaveholders, to the
exclusion of the great mass of the people of the
United States!
The five purchased slave States of Florida,
Texas, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Missouri, con-
tain 543,368 square miles. _.
The whole fifteen free States contain 454,344
square miles. ■ ; ,
The territory added to the slave States by pur-
chase is larger than all the fifteen free States by
89,025 square miles.
This excess is a larger territory than is con-
tained ia seven of the free States. Jlnd this was
all purchased to extend slavery; while the free States
admitted have been formed out of territory be-
longing to the United States when the Govern-
ment was established, and to which the ordinance
of Jefferson and of freedom, prohibiting slavery,
applied by the fathers of tlie Republic.
REPRESENTATION.
The fifteen free States have 13,000,000 of free
white inhabitants; the fifteen slave States have
6,000,0(X), yet each have thirty Senators. True,
the small States are entitled to two Senators each,
as well as the larger ones; but this number of
slave States extended over a large territory, with
a small population, makes the disproportioned
representation of the two sections in the Senate
too palpably unjust. In Senators the slave States
have, by this system, kept up a representation,
in the proportion of two to one as against the
free States. .
In the House the slave States have ninety
members, representing 6,000,000 of population;
the free States bne hundred and forty-two mem-
bers, ^presenting 13,000,000. Upon the same
ratio with the slave States, the free States should
have one hundred and ninety-five member*—«.
loss to them of fifty-three in the popular branch
of the Government, that in which the popular
voice is to be heard, and the popular will ex-
pressed. ' . ,
South Carolina has tix Representatives, with a
free white popuktiori ef 274,563.
New Hampshire has three Representatives,
with a free white population of 317,456.
Vermont has three Representatives, with a free
white population of 313,402.
Vermont and New Hampshire, with a popula-
tion of 630,858, have six Representatives,
South Carolina has six also, with only 274,563;
less by 356,295—not one half as much.
At the ratio of South Carolina representation,
these free States should hare fourteen Represent-
atives instead of six. Is there not a wide differ-
ence in the political rights of these States ?
Three congressional districts in New York con-
tain a larger free white population than the State of
South Carolina; yet this is the State that is going
to force slavery into Kansas—the one that has so
often complained of the hardships of remaining
one of the United States, and threatened dis-
union !
Votes of eleven slavekolding States at the election of 1852,
when Mr. Pierce ma chosen, as contrasted with the vote of
New York.
1. Arkansas    19,577
2. Delaware ^  12,673
3. Florida       7,193
4. Georgia     51,365
5. Maryland .   75,153
6. North Carolina  78,861
7. Texas   18,547
8. Alabama.....   41,919
9. Louisiana     35,902
10. Mississippi...       44,434
11. Virginia     129,545 j
> Aggregate vote of eleven States.... 515,159
Yote of New York... 523,294
Being 7,135 votes more than all the others. \
These eleven States, (Virginia included,) that ,
gave ir 1852 a less vote than New York for Pres-
ident, have twenty-two Senators—New York has
only two !
Slaveholders have political advantages denied
to all other men! A man who owns one thousand
slaves has the same political power over his slave
property as six hundred inhabitants in the free
I States. His power is superior to that of most of
! the voters in a town of Ordinary size. He has,
[ besides, individually, the same political power
I as the richest man in a free State. This addi-
j tional right—six hundred strong—is solely in
consideration of his owning one thousand slaves
as property!
Mr. Chairman, it will be seen by the foregoing
statements that the cost of territory purchased is
$832,764,928. Out of all this territory purchased,
but one free State (Iowa^ has been admitted.
Mr. Clay admitted this, in his speech made in
the Senate in!1850. (See Appendix to Globe,
volume 22, page 126.) He said:
" What have been the acquisitions made by this countiy,
and to what interests have they conduced! Florida, where
slavery exists, has been introduced. All the most valuable
part of Louisiana has also been added to the extent and
consideration of the slavebolding portion of the Union.
" All Louisiana, with the exception of wbatlies north of
33° 30'.
"All Texas; all the Territories, .which have been ac-
quired by the Government, during sixty years of the opera-
tion of that Government, have been slave Territories—thea-
ters of slavery, with the exception I have mentioned lying
north.of 36° 30<. 
Not one inch of territory has ever been pur-
chased or acquired of any foreign Power, since
the Constitution was adopted, at the instance of
the free States, or which was intended for their
benefit.
Yet the free States have paid more than two
thirds of the entire cost of all these acquisitions
of territory, and the consequent expenditures
since incurred. They have borne their full share
in the wars which led to, or resulted from, these
acquisitions, in the expenditure of money, and
in the sacrifice of human life.
Mr. Chairman, I have now fipishedthis branch
pf my remarks, and proceed to consider, during
the short time left me, the influences of slavery,
as illustrated by the acts of the bogus Legislature
of Kansas, the wrongs and oppressions inflicted
on the free-State people in Kansas, in this House,
and in this city. ^
Section thirteen, page 378, ofthe laws passed
by the pro-slavery bogus Legislature of Kansas,
excludes all but pro-slavery men from the jury-
box in all cases relating directly or indirectly to
slavery. Here it is: ,
" No person who is conscientiously opposed to the hold-
ing slaves, or who does dot admit the right to hold slaves
in this Territory, shall be a juror in any cause in which the
right to hold any person in slavery is involved, nor in any
cause in which any injury done to, or committed by, any
slave is in issue, nor in any criminal proceeding for the
violation of any law enacted for the protection of slave
property, and for the punishment of crime committed
against the right to such property."
Again, the organic law organising Kansas pro-
vides, in section thirty, that the, official oath to
be taken by the Governor and secretary, the
judges, " and all other civil officers in said Ter-
ritory," shall be " to support the Constitution of
the United States, and faithfully to discharge the
duties of their respective offices." No more, no
less. But the legislators of Kansas, with the same
disregard of the congressional law that marked
their other acts, enacted another kind of official
oath, on page 438 of their code, as follows:
"Sec. 1. All officers elected or appointed under any
existing or subsequently-enacted laws of this Territory,
shall take and subscribe the following oath of office : i,
 , do solemnly swear, upon the holy Evangelists of
Almighty God, that I will support the Constitution of the
United States, and that I wilt support and snstain the pro-
visions of an act entitled 'An act to organize the Territories
of Nebraska and Kansas,' and the provisions of the law of
theTJnited States commonly known as the ' Fugitive Slave
law,' and faithfully and impartially, and to the best of my
ability, demean myself in the discharge of my duties in the
office of , so help me God."
You cannot fail to notice that, in this new oath,
framed by the bogus Legislature, the fugitive
slave law is elevated to a " higher law" than the
Constitution; for the officer is merely to " sup-
port" the latter, but is required to swear that ne
will " support and sustain" the other.
On pages 604 and 605, chapter 151, will be
found "An act to punish offenses against slave
property." It is in violation of the Constitution
of the United States. Section twelve of that chap-
ter reads:
" If any free person, by speaking or writing, assert or
maintain that persons have not the ripht to hold slaves in
this Territory, or shall introduce into this Territory, print,
publish, write, circulate, or cause to be introduced into this
Territory, written, printed, published, or circulated in this
Territory, any book, paper, magazine, pamphlet, or circular,
containing any denial of the right of persons to hold slaves
in this Territory, such persons shall be deemed guilty of fel-
ony, and punished by imprisonment at hard labor for a term
of not less than two years." , ,
Again, in violation of the Constitution of the
United States, "abridging the freedom of the
press," is the eleventh section of the same law in
the Kansas code, page 605: . ,t
" If any person pcuit. write, introduce into, publish, or
circulate, or c«u«e to be brought into, printed, written, pub-
lished, or circulated, or shall knowingly aid or assist in
bringing into, printing, publishing, or circulating, within this
Territory, any book, paper, pamphlet, magazine, handbill,
or circular, containing any statements, arguments, opinion,
sentiment, doctrine, advice, or innuendo, calculated to
produce a disorderly, dangerous, or rebellious disaffection
among the slaves in this Territory, or to induce such slaves
to escape from the service of their masters, or to resist their
authority, he shall be guilty of felony, and be punished by
imprisonment and hard labor for a term not less than five
years."
And, under this atrociously unconstitutional
provision, a man who " brought into" the Terri-
tory of Kansas a copy of "Jefferson's Notes on
Virginia," which contains an eloquent and free-
spoken condemnation of slavery, could be con-
victed by one of "Sheriff Jones's "juries as having
introduced a " book" containing a " sentiment
" calculated" to make the slaves " disorderly,"
and sentenced to five years' hard labor.
On page 325, section twelve, of this same law,
there is a singular provision:
" If the plaintiff be a negro or mulatto, be is required to
prove his right to freedom."
On page 282 is the following:
" Sec. 1L Every free white male citizen of the United
States, and every free male Indian who is made a citizen
by treaty or otherwise, and over the age of twenty-one
years, who shall be an inhabitant of this Territory, and of
the county or district in which he offers to vote, and shall
have paid a territorial tax, shall be a qualified elector for all
elective offices; and all Indians who are inhabitants of this
Territory, and who may have adopted the customs of the
white man, and who are liable to pay taxes, shall be deemed
citizens: Provided, That no soldier, seaman, or marine, in
the regular Army or Navy of tlve United States, shall be
entitled to vote by reason of being on service therein:
And provided further, That no person who shall have been
convicted of any violation of any provision of an act of
Congress, entitled'An act respecting fugitives trom justice,
and persons escaping from the service of their masters,'
■nnrnvAd Fphruarv 12. 1793, or of an act to amend and
supplementary to said act, approved Ifch September, 1850,
whether such conviction were by criminal proceeding or
by civil action for the recovery of any penalty presenbed
by of said acts, ia any eouxa of the United States,
