1202
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 6,
34th Cojsg....1st Sess.
Slavery and Kansas—Mr. Gilbert.
Ho. of Reps.
refused to allow the friends of Keating to employ
any associate counsel to aid in the trial until the
day before the commencement of the first trial;
that he then said to the friends of Keating that
he would make application to the court for a
postponement of the trial for one day, to enable
them to procure an associate counsel to aid him
on the trial, but that he omitted to make the ap-
plication to the court. On the trial of the case,
the district attorney abandoned the charge of
murder, and only asked a conviction for man-
slaughter. It waa under the legal advice and
direction of this same district attorney that the
grand jurors found an indictment for murder.
The motive for'this particular form of indictment
may not be certain, but its effect and consequences
were unmistakable. The indictment being for
murder, gave the defendant the right of peremp-
torily challenging thirty-six jurors. The power
to set aside that number without assigning any
reason, in connection with the character of the
•whole body of the jurors summoned in by the
marshal, really gatfe to the member from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Herbert] the selection of the jury
who were to decide upon his fate. Did the dis-
trict attorney foresee, or did he intend, precisely
this result ?
It is further said that Marshal Hoover, who
has power to summon jurors at discretion for the
criminal court of this District, is also a devoted
personal and political friend, and heretofore a
frequent visiter of the member from California.
It is further charged, that the bail of Herbert,
before his indictment for th? murder of Keating,
is a brother of Postmaster Berret, of the city post
office, and an officer or subordinate in one of the
Departments.
It is farther charged that the member from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Herbert] is a friend of the Admin-
istration; that he was a delegate to the National
Democratic Cincinnati Convention; that District
Attorney Key, Marshal Hoover, and Mr. Berret,
received their respective offices by appointments
from the President and Administration.
"<> >?ell  sir,on submitting the charge to the jury
on the first trial, Judge Crawford, at the instance
and request of the counsel of the prisoner, laid
down the following principle of law for the guid-
ance of the jury, namely:
" Mr. Bradley asked the court to instruct the Jury upon
the points of law, and Mr. Walker immediately rose with
a set of instructions, framed by the defense, which he
asked should be given to the jury. These Mr. Walker pro-
ceeded to read, and then passed them up to Judge Craw-
ford, who promptly reported them to the jury as the in-
structions of the court.
" These instructions are as follows:
"'1st. If a sudden affray arose between the accused and
the deceased, and afterwards several other persons inter-
ferred to assist the deceased, and by these assailants the
defendant was borne down and beaten, and bad reason to
balieve that he was in imminent danger of great bodily
harm, from which he could not safely escape, and while in
this position fired the pistol by which the deceased was
killed, it was in judgment of law acase of excusable homi-
cide, and it is immaterial, in the absence of premeditation
and malice, by whom the affray was commenced. And it
is also not material that' the accused might have escaped
before, the imminent peril came upon him, if at the time
the peril came he had reason to believe himself in immi-
nent peril of life, or of great bodily harm, and when he
fired the pistol he could not safely escape.
"' 2d. To have authorized Herbert to take the life of j
Keating, the necessity for doing so need not be actual; for, I
if the circumstances were such as to impress his (Her- ;
bert's) mind with the reasonable belief that such necessity
was i mpending, it is sufficient. 1
"' 3d. If the jury believe, from the evidence, that, at the 1
time the pistol was discharged, Herbert was being pressed I
by superior numbers, and was in danger of death, or of
serious bodily harm, and from which he could not safely
escape, he was justified in taking life.
"' 4th. If the jury entertain reasonable doubts as to any 1
material fact necessary to make out the case for the Gov-
eminent, they must give the benefit to the defendant.' " 1
Well, Mr. Chairman, I am no lawyer; but if
this is law in the criminal court in the city of
Washington, I do not consider it justice; and I I
intend, the first opportunity that offers, to offer a :
resolution which I have drawn up, directing the
Judiciary Committee to bring in a bill,before the [
end of this session, to reorganize or abolish the i
criminal court in the District of Columbia. I
The result of the first trial was a disagreement
of the jury, and a second trial has since been had,
at which I am reliably informed that jurors were
sworn and served, who stated to the court that
they had " formed and had expressed, and. still
< entertained opinions respecting the guilt or inno-
cence of the accused." This jury acquitted the
member from California, as might be expected
they would, after such acts of the court. This
ends my brief history of this most extraordinary
trial. In passing, Mr. Chairman, I beg to say a
; word or two to the people of Washington. If
such acts of violence, and such decisions of courts,
and verdicts of juries, are to be continued, the
day is not far distant when a removal of the cap-
ital of this nation will be demanded and consum-
mated by the people of the United States.
Again, even in the State of old Virginia, the
mother of Presidents—two citizens—Mr. Under-
wood and his associate delegate to the National
Republican Convention, held in Philadelphia on
the 17th of June last—have been compelled to flee
from that State to avoid acts of violence upon
them, for no other reason that I have heard given,
than for simply attending said convention, and
giving utterance to their sentiments on the polit-
ical topics of the day. And yet, sir, public meet-
ings have been held in that State, ana resolutions
adopted, giving notice to these gentlemen that
they must leave the State. I need not say more;
the facts are recent, and are before the country.
Again, sir: we hear of and see letters from some
of the most leading and controlling men in the slave
States—men who have heretofore been Whigs or
Americans—coming out in favor of the election
of James Buchanan for the Presidency. Among
the most recent are Senators Pratt and Pearce, of
Maryland, both heretofore leading Whigs; and
to-night, sir, we have heard from the lips of the
distinguished member from Alabama, [Mr. !
Walker,] that he, too, follows in the train of <i
the supporters of Buchanan, and for the same |j
principal reasons assigned by the Senators from {
Maryland, namely: the safety of the institution <
of slavery in the hands of the Democratic party;
a gentleman, allow me to say, who, as it is well j
known, has heretofore acted with and been a
member of the American party, and he has told •
us to-night that he was a delegate to the National I
American Convention that nominated Fillmore
and Donelson. Yes, Mr. Chairman, I well recol-
lect the prominent part that gentleman took in
that convention, ana of the fact of his being a
prominent candidate, and warmly supported by
delegates in that convention for the nomination
of vice President; a gentleman, let me add, who
has recently distinguished himself as the counsel
of the member from California [Mr. Herbert]
on the trial of that member for the murder of
Thomas Keating, the Irish waiter at Willard's
hotel, to which I have heretofore referred. Well,
sir, he has gone, and is now in the full embrace
of the Democratic party. Is there no sectional
influence in the institution of human slavery ?
the remedy.
The remedy for -the present unhappy state of
affairs existing between the different sections of
the country is in a return to the principles of the
early fathers of the Republic in the admission of
Kansas as a free State, for which we have prece-
dents in the admission of Michigan and Califor-
nia, for which we have the approval of Judge
McLean, who said in his letter to Chief Justice I
Hornblower, of New Jersey, on the 6th of June !
last, " I have no hesitation in saying that the '
immediate admission of Kansas as a State into :
the Union, under the constitution already formed, j
commends itself to me as a measure of sound i
policy, and well calculated to bring peace to the
Territory and to the country." <
Or, sir, if the Senate will pass the bill sent to !
it restoring the Missouri restriction, which pro- 1
tects the Territory to freedom north of 36° 30' .
north latitude forever, and liberates the freemen
in Kansas that are unlawfully imprisoned there,
and provides for the reorganization of the Terri-
tory until it is admitted into the Union as a State, j
Are not these just, reasonable, and easy reme-
dies—the true ones to restore peace and tranquil-
lity in Kansas and throughout the country ?
the issue. '
Kansas never should and never can be admitted
as a slave State. The South should not attempt
to increase the evils that are upon us, and delay i
action in the vain hope of success. The great
question now is, the extension or non-extension !
of slavery into free territory. On this question ;
there are but two parties—those who are for it,
and those who are against it. It is the great ques-
tion before which all others sink into insignifi-
cance. It is not an unimportant question of the
day, but it concerns the stability of the Union, the
preservation of the Constitution—that instrument
of universal freedom, contemplated as such by
its framers, and interpreted as such by all men
South and North, until within a few years past.
It has ever been considered a chart of freedom,
established to secure this boon; giving liberty to
the States to do what they think to be proper
within their own limits, as to them shall seem to
be right and just, but claiming no right, and con-
ceding no right to them, to carry their own pecu-
liar institutions beyond the limitations conferred
by the sovereignty of States. The North asks for
nothing more—she cannot and will not consent
to anything less.
How momentous the issue! How just and
righteous the cause! How certain the result, if
the friends of freedom stand firm, as I have no
doubt they will! Let the friends, then, of free
Kansas plant themselves firmly and unitedly on
the old Jeffersonian platform of liberty, the Con-
stitution, the Union, the sovereignty of the States,
and their full and undisturbed reserved rights.
It is on this platform that I plant myself in the
approaching presidential contest. I am for the
fullest and amplest justice to the South, and claim
the same for the North. Party ties with me are
nothing compared with duty. Yet I know full
well that it requires some effort to break loose
from our party associations; but I trust where
duty points the way, we shall be found willing
followers. For one, I know no party so dear to
me as my country; no obligation so binding but
to put forth all the energy, strength, and power
that God has given me to preserve it. If we but
do this, when the evening of life is upon us—and
it will soon overtake us all—and the sands of this
life fast washing away, it will be a consoling
thought to be able to cast our memories back to
the part we took in this crisis of our country's
cause!
SLAVERY—KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. W. A. GILBERT,
of new tore,
In the House of Representatives,
Jlugust 6, 1856. ,
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. GILBERT said:
Mr. Chairman : In what I shall say at this
time, I do not purpose to follow the lead of gen-
tlemen who have preceded me in debate; neither
do I intend to go into an elaborate argument upon
the amendment now pending, but shall avail my-
self of the latitude generally recognized by this
committee in the discussion of issues which, at
present, are momentous in the public mind, and
have well nigh brought ruin and dissolution upon
us as a nation. Never, since the adoption of that
Declaration which, under extreme necessity, in-
volved not only the lives, fortunes, and honor of
our fathers, but secured to this nation its birth-
right, has our country and its representatives
been called upon to exercise that discretion and
wisdom which the present crisis demands at our
hands.
Sir, no one will for a moment pretend to deny
that our country is in an alarming and perilous
condition. My whole life has been spent until
recently in the free North; my associations and
sympathies have been, and are still, with those
who segard the institution of slavery as an evil
and a great national sin; and while we regret its
existence in many of our States, we do not pro-
pose to interfere with it there, but we do deny
the existence of any moral or constitutional right
to extend it into territory now free. This, sir, has
been a long mooted question; and in that State, a
portion of which I have the honor to represent
upon this floor, all parties have, with political
sagacity, seemingly avoided the issue. £>ir. the
Democrats in my own State, and particularly in
my district, after adopting a pro-slavery, national
and State platform, dare not go before the people
