1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1203
34th Cong.... 1st §,ess.
Slavery and Kansas—Mr. Gilbert.
Ho. of Reps.
upon the true issue now. presented. Southern
Democrats are frank in their avowals, and set
forth the issue properly, and I like them for it.
Jhe honorable gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Bennett,] during the effort to organize this
House, in one of the Democratic standard speeches
of the session, said:
" The great question agitated in the public mind is the
question of slavery extension, and the power of Congress to
legislate on the subject of slavery in the Territories. The
Abolition party claim every where the power of Congress to
abolish slavery in the Territories; in favor of the restora-
tion of the Missouri compromise, and opposed to any State
hereafter being admittedinto this Union with a pro-slavery
constitution."
Here the gentleman definps the position of the
northern people, whom he stigmatizes as the
«« Abolition party." Now, sir, does he, speaking
for his party, take issue upon these questions ?
Most certainly he does, and claims protection
under the Constitution of the United States. Let
us hear what he says:
" We would scorn, sir, as southern people, to present our-
eelves as suppliants at the feet of Abolitionists, and claiming
mercy at their hands; but, sir, we come as equals in this
Union—equal in rights and privileges-—and claming nothing
more, and determined to accept nothing less than that pro-
tection which the Constitution accords to us. I come in
the name of my people, not with threats, but with warnings.
Ifvou love the Union, by the high obligation which that
sentiment imposes on you, we warn you to preserve it.
You can if you will; but if, in defiance of our warnings, and
in violation of both law and justice, you are still resolved to
encroach upon our rights, see that you are not overwhelmed
in its mighty ruins."
One would suppos© th&t the Constitution was
expressly for the benefit and extension of
slavery. If the North object, as it does, to a
southern and slavery policy, then the warning
voice is raised, and dissolution threatened. This,
sir, is but a conservative view of southern De-
mocracy, which acts in concert with the Democ-
racy of the North. The party North and South
contend for the same principles, support for office
the same candidates; and why, I ask, do not
northern Democrats talk the same language, and
preach the same doctrktea, at the North? Why
do they not go before the people, (as at the South,)
and instruct them that slavery is a Christian in-
stitution; that it is recognized by the higher law,
the laws of God, and the Constitution; that the
poor African, stolen and sold into American bond-
age, is thereby placed in the highway to heaven,
with the light of the Gospel shining into, and
illuminating his dark and benighted mind ? Why
do not Democrats in the free States contend ear-
nestly for the right of the slave power to extend
its domain northward and westward, and, *f in
this they are repulsed, threaten a dissolution t>f
the Union? This, sir, is Democracy in feet,
North and South, as I will endeavor to show be-
fore I get through. .
It is this holding back a part of the price at the
North that has brought upon our country the
present political difficulties, and the single but
alarming issue. Issues may be, and too often
are evaded by politicians at home; but here men
are'tried upon the square of the platform of the
OS and hence sq many of what we call at the
" doughfaces."
When I entered this Hall at the commence-
ment of this remarkable session of Congress, I
was not surprised to see two great parties re-
spectively representing here the interests of the
North and Soutli. But, sir, I was astonished at
the tactics resorted to by the Democracy, and the
announcements made in this Hall during the con-
test for the Speakership. Precedents long estab-
lished were discarded by that party calling them-
selves Democrats. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Cobb] said:
" I was a member of this House in 1849. At that time I
was in favor of and voted for a plurality resolution, for the
reason that under it we could and did elect our Speaker,
Mr Cobb, of Georgia; and now I am opposed to it, be-
cause w^ cannot elect our candidate, Mr. Richardsok."
The southern Whigs were found acting and
voting with the Democrats for the gentleman who
was made their candidate on account of his ac-
knowledged services in engineering through this
House at the first session of the last Confess,
that notorious Kansas-Nebraska bill. The gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Cabitthers] sa'd^e
was elected as a Whig, but the Whigparty South
was deceased, and its spirit had been transmi-
grated into the Democratic party, and in acting
with that party he represented the will and inter-
ests of his people.
The South as a unit, aided by a few northern
Democrats, arrayed and arranged against the
North, striving for mastery. It is true that the
northern members here, in representing their con-
stituents, were compelled to refuse obedience to
southern dictation, and for this they were called
all sorts of names—nigger worshipers, disunion-
ists, fanatics, aggressors, and devils. And just
here I will again refer to the standard speech of
the gentleman from Mississippi, and give his
closing remarks:
  o
" in view of all I see around me, I am almost ready to
exclaim, Surely we have fallen upon evil times. This same
 - — * A knlt*iA >invn ntVi!nVi Kilt o CatXT VAim 9ft(\ TT1 prplv
uaiance ui puwet, uy iusiuu nnu k"""—
parties,has now, with here and there an exception, taken
absolute possession of the free-State Legislatures, con-
trolling not only the executive and legislative, but the
judicial departments of nearly all the free States, and has
filled the representative branch of Congress with a majority
openly proclaiming that slavery must be annihilated and
abolished everywhere. When I see this smothered spirit in
the House, with a determined will to make war upon the
South, I am almost ready to exclaim, in the language of
Ferdinand,' All hell is empty; the devils are all here ! 
" In view of the whole subject of this spirit of Abolition
aggression upon the rights of the South, and the bold and
unblushing assumptions now claimed in the Halls of this
House, surely every patriot and lover of this Union may
feel a deep solicitude for the pending issues.
" I warn you again, in the name of our common coun-
try, and the compact that binds us together, to stay the hand
of your threatening. For one, I am prepared to say, the
South will never submit to the consummation of those acts
which, in your election, you are bound to carry out. You
have schooled our feelings to look upon your threatening!
with disregard and cdnteMpl; we pray God your aggressions
may never force upon us that conflict; but, sir, if that con-
flict must come, I, for one, say, let it commence in this Hall;
and I hope, sir, that, if it be necessary to maintain our con-
stitutional rights, it may commence on this floor, and that
the first drop of human gore shed in defense of violated
rights and insulted honor, may crimson the walls of this
Capitol, and be consecrated to the maintenance of equal
rights and equal justice. The Democracy have planted
themselves upon the principles of civil and religious liberty,
and upon them they stand united and harmonious."
The honorable gentleman comes to us as a mis-
sionary with a warning voice, but not in that
spirit of humility which ought to characterize a
messenger of mercy. I fear he will have to return
to his dear people with the report that the warn-
Itig voice had been raised but was unheeded.
" Ears have they, but they hear not." True it
is, that "this same spirit which, but a few years
ago, merely claimed the right of petition, (and
that denied,) with here and there an exception,
has taken possession of the free-State Legisla-
tures, and has filled the representative branch of
Congress with a majority," has grown, and will
continue to expand. Just so long as the South per-
sists in its aggressions upon the North, "and the
bold and unblushing assumptions" now claimed
in the halls of this Capitol on the part of the
South, just so long the gentleman and his party
may exclaim, in the language of Ferdinand;
" Hell is empty,
And all the devils are here."
The North is almost constantly being charged
with threats and aggressions upon the rights of
the South. What are these threats and aggres-
sions of the North that we are lectured so much
about, and which are looked upon with disregard
and contempt ? Sir, the North is guilty of no such
acts as are charged; it does claim to have rights
equal and in common with the South; these rights
it will maintain, even at the expense of that con-
flict the gentleman speaks of. We have heard a
great deal said about the dissolution of the Union.
Why, sir, during the early part of this session,
it was proclaimed upon this floor by th^gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Bowie,] in tones of
thunder, and published to the world, that this
House was not only in a disorganized state, but
that we were then in the midst of a revolution.
Although the signs of the times did, for a while,
indicate a revolutionary spirit, our glorious Union
still survives, and our Constitution, in letter and
spirit, will yet be enforced.
The pending issue is now well understood, ana
the approaching political battle, for such it will
be, will settle the question, whether the blessings
of liberty, equality, and justice, purchased by the
blood of our fathers, are to be handed down to
our posterity, as a national inheritance; or whether
the slave power is to take and hold the reins of
this Government, and establish and perpetuate a
system which makes God's creatures, bearing
His own image, property, to be sold, used, and
trafficked upon for political power and paltry gain
—a system discountenanced by Washington as
early as 1786, when he said:
"1 never mean, unless some particular circumstance
should compel me to it, to possess another slave by purchase,
it being among my first wishes to see some plan adopted
by which slavery in this country maybe abolished by law."
The great apostle of Democracy wrote the fol-
lowing letter in answer to a friend in Ohio, who
asked his opinion upon the subject of slavery:
Monticello, May 20,1826.
Dear Sir : Persuasion, perseverance, and patience, are
the best advocates on questions depending upon the will
of others. The revolution in public opinion, which this
case requires, is not to be expected in a day, or perhaps in
an age; but time, which outlives all things, will outlive
this evil also. My sentiments have been forty years before
the public. Had I repeated them forty times, they would
have only become the more stale and threadbare. Although
I shall not live to see them consummated, they will not
die with me ; but living or dying, they will ever be in my
most fervent prayers. This is written for yourself, andnot
for the public, in compliance with your request for two
lines of sentiment on the subject. Accept the assurance
of my good will and respect.  „„„„„„
THOMAS JEFFERSON.
Again, the sage of Monticello, the pride of the
" Ola Dominion," in his Notes on Virginia, said:
" The whole commerce between master and slave is a
continual exercise of the most unremitting despotism on the
one part, and degrading submission on the other." * * *
" With what execration should the statesman be loaded,
who, permitting one half of the citizens thus to trample on
the rights of the other, transforms those into despots and
these into enemies, destroys the morals of the one part, and
the amor patria of the other! Can the liberties of a nation
be thought secure, when we have removed their only firm
basis—a conviction in the minds of the people that these
liberties are the gift of God? that they are not violated but
by His wrath ? Indeed, I tremble for my country when I
reflect that God is just, and His justice cannot sleep for-
ever."
Sir, we see that the question of slavery is no new-
element in the politics of our country. The slave
power, from the organization of this Government,
has been constant m its efforts to strengthen its
hold upon the Constitution, and enlarge its do-
main by the acquisition of slave States into the
Union. These sectional demands have only been
allayed, for a time, by repeated legislative ad-
justments.
In 1793, the South required that their slave prop-
erty should be better protected; and "an act re-
specting fugitives from justice and persons escap-
ing from the service of their masters," was passed
by Congress.
When Missouri prayed admission into the
Union, this same spirit of sectional ambition was
adjusted by Congress in the establishment of what
is commonly known as the " Missouri Compro-
mise of 1820," by which slavery was forever pro-
hibited north of 36° 30'. This was considered at
that time a triumph on the part of the South.
Congress Hall, March 2,1830,
Three o'clock at night.
Dear Sir: t hasten to inform you that this moment w*
have carried the question to admit Missouri, and all Louis-
iana to the southward of 36° 30' free of the restriction of
slavery, and give the South, in a short time, an addition of
six, perhaps eight* members to the Senate of the United
States. It is considered here by the slaveholding States as
a great triumph. *******
■Withrespect,yourobedttnt^var*,^ pmcKNEY
In 1850, the South deeming it necessary to
place around its darling institution additional
safeguards, and for testing and holding its strength
in the councils of the nation, another move was
made, and resulted in the passage by Congress
of the '' fugitive slave act." This extreme enact-
ment the North regarded as an insult, arbitrary
and unjust in its provisions. The public mind
was again agitated. The North caved. The
Whig and Democratic parties, in their national
conventions of 1852, indorsed this measure as a
finality. A presidential contest ensued. Ine
Whig party, with a good nominee, but with sac-
j rificea principles, was badly beaten. The De-
! mocracy, emboldened, made another requisition
i upon the rights offreedom. The Kansas-Nebraska
, bill was enacted, and the line prohibiting the
1 northward march of slavery was repealed. By
whom, and for what purpose, was it repealed?
The honorable member from Mississippi [Mr.
Barksdale] answered these questions but a few
