1204
appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 6,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery and Kansas—Mr. Gilbert.
Ho. op Reps.
days since, in his vindication of Mr. Buchanan,
when he said:
" The'South, in justice to itself, demanded the repeal of
the Missouri compromise, that they might go into that rer-
ritory with their property on an equality with the North.
This demand was acknowledged by the northern
Democrats, who aided in its repeal. Immediately
on the removal of the restriction, the Missourians,
■who, by "a solemn public act" of their Legislature,
approved by the Governor, declaring the assent
of that State to the "fundamental condition" con-
tained in the resolution passed by the Congress
of the United States, providing for her admission '
into the Union, on condition that slavery be for- |
ever prohibited from that Territory, rushed into ,
Kansas and declared it a slave Territory. This
has been denied, but the facts are now a matter
of history; and black as that Dage is with bad
faith, crime, assassinations and murders, it will
be preserved in the archives of this nation forever.
The report of the Kansas investigating committee
states, that within a few days after the organic
law was passed by Congress, and as soon as it ;
was known on the border, leading citizens of \
Missouri crossed into the Territory, held squat-
ter meetings and passed resolutions, among which
are the following:
" That we will affbrd protection to bo Abolitionist as a
Kttler of this Territory."
" That we recognize the institution of slavery as already
existing in this Territory, and advise slaveholders to intro-
duce their property as soon as possible."
Similar resolutions were passed in various parts
of the Territory, and by meetings in several
counties in Missouri. This unlawful interference,
says the committee, has been continued in every
important event in the history of that Territory;
every election has been controlled by citizens of
Missouri; and every officer in the Territory, from
constable to legislators, except those appointed
by the President, owes his position to non-res-
ident voters. In October, 1854, when Governor
Reeder and other officers appointed by the Pres-
ident, arrived in the Territory, settlers from all
parts of the country were moving in, making
their claims, and building.their cabins. About
this time, and before any elections could be held
in the Territory, a secret political society was
formed in Missouri. It was known by different
names, such as " Social Band," "Friends' So-
ciety," " Blue Lodge," " Sons ®f the South."
" Its members were bound together by secret
oaths, passwords, signs, and grips." These so-
cieties embraced great numbers of the citizens of
Missouri, and extended into other slave States,
and into the Territory, with the avowed object
of extending slavery into the Territory at all
hazards. How they succeeded may be seen by
comparing the number of legal voters in the Ter-
ritory, according to a census taken February,
1855, which were 2,905, (I will say here, that
this census shows in the Territory 192 slaves.)
On the day of completing the census, the Governor
ordered an election for members of the Legislative
Assembly, to be held on the 3d of March, 1855. j
At this election there were about 6,300 votes cast, j
5,000 of which were by non-residents.
These facts are not denied; neither is it denied
that many of the free-State voters were deterred
from exercising the elective franchise by the
threats and violence of the armed marauders.
The result is, the Territory is cursed with a pro-
slavery Legislature. Its acts are without a par-
allel in the history of civilized nations—in viola-
tion of their organic law and our Constitution.
The citizens there have been deprived of their
constitutional right " to be secured in their per-
sons, papers, and effects, against unwarrantable
seizures." Why, sir, free-State men were not
only deprived of voting, but forcibly driven and
dragged from the polls, in the midst of satanic
yells of the ruffians, " Kill the damned nigger
thief!" " Cut his throat!" "Tear his heart out!"
Ac.,—at the sametime presenting cocked revolv-
ers, and flourishing bowie-knives and clubs.
Free-State judges of elections were given just
fifteen minutes "to resign their posts, or die."
This, sir, characterizes the manner in which the
elections were conducted; and that, too, by men
who were holding important offices in the Terri-
tory , not excepting judges and legislators. Before
the elections, freedom of speech had been abridged,
the press had been destroyed, and men, for ex-
pressing political opinions upon political subjects
which have for years consumed more-time in
debate in this Hall than any other, have been
treated with mob violence, and compelled to flee
the country for their lives. Ministers of the
Gospel, for preaching against the infringement of
the rights of man, were driven out, and banished
from the country. This Territorial Legislature
has already enacted laws filling a large volume of
nearly one thousand pages. I will refer to a few
sections, which characterize the whole system of
legislation there. Chapter one hundred and fifty-
one, section twelve, of'' An act to punish offenses
against slave property," reads as follows:
" If any free person, by speaking or by writing, assert or
maintain that persons have not the right to hold slaves in
this Territory, or shall introduce into this Territory, print,
publish, write, circulate, or cause to be introduced into this
Territory, written, printed, published, or circulated, in this
Territory, any book, paper, magazine, pamphlet, or circu-
lar, containing any denial of the rigbt of persons to hold
slaves in this Territory, such person shall be deemed guilty
or felony, and punished by imprisonment at hard labor for 1
a term of not less than two years." 1
Now, let us compare this provision with article
one, amended Constitution, which reads:
" Congress shall make no law respecting an establish-
ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or ■
abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, or the
right of the people peaceably to assemble and to petition
the Government for a redress of grievances."
Certainly Congress has not given that Legis-
lature the power to impose gag laws upon its cit-
izens, and it has no delegated or other power to
prohibit the expression or discussion of enter-
tained opinions relating to the policy of slavery,
or any questions touching the interest of that, or
any other part or portion of our Government.
Kansas laws, chapter sixty-six, section eleven,
after stating who are qualified voters attaches the
following conditions:
" Provided, That no person who shall have been con-
victed of any violation of any of the provisions of an act of
Congress, entitled 1 an act respecting fugitives from justice, •
and persons escaping from the service of their masters,' ;
approved February 12, 1793, or of the fugitive slave act of !
1850: And provided further, That, if any person offering to 1
vote shall be challenged, and required to take an oath or
affirmation, to be administered by one of the judges of the
election, that he will sustain the provisions of the above
recited acts of Congress, and of the act entitled ' an act to
organize the Territories of Nebraska and Konsas,' approved
May 30,1854, and shall refuse to take such oath or affirma-
tion, the vote of such person shall be rejected."
By section twelve the same qualifications and
Erovisoes are necessary to the eligibility ofamem-
er of the Legislative Assembly, and every other
officer elected or appointed to office under the
laws of that Territory.
Now we will see who are qualified jurors.
Chapter ninety-two, section six, reads as follows:
" Every petit juror shall be a free male white citizen of
the Territory, resident in the county, above the age of
twenty-one years, end not otherwise disqualified."
This qualification will be understood by refer-
ring to section thirteen,same chapter, which reads
thus:
" No person who is conscientiously opposed to the holding
of slaves, or who does not admit the right to hold slaves in
this Territory, shall be a juror in any cause in which the
right to hold any person in slavery is involved, nor in any
cause in which any injury done to, or committed by, any
slave, is in issue, nor in any criminal proceeding for the vi-
olation of any law enacted for the protection of slave prop-
erty, and for the punishment of crimes committed against
the right to such property."
i The judges and marshals being appointed by
S a pro-slavery President, of course, are all right,
and, as the ruffians say, " sound on the goose
i question;" it also becomes necessary to have law-
: yers who are also " sound." Chapter two, an act
j conceding attorneys at law, section three:
I " Every person obtaining a license to practice law shall
take an oath or affirmation to support the Constitution of
the United States, and to support and sustain the provisions
of an act to organize the Territories of Nebraska and Kan-
sas, and the provisions of an act commonly known as the
fugitive slave law," " which oath shall be indorsed on his
license."
Many other sections might be quoted, to show
that the preconcerted policy of the slaveholders
has been faithfully observed by this bogus Legis-
lature, in the enactment of such laws as tend to
undermine our Government, and to override our
Constitution. The gag is applied to the people;
the sacred right of elective franchise is restricted
and abridged; the jury-box filled with the ene-
miesof freedom; the press destroyed and thrown
into the river; the attorney, by law and the affi-
davit indorsed on his license, is made the advo-
cate of slavery, with a court ready to inflict the
punishment of felons on citizens for the exercise
of their constitutional rights.
Mr. Jefferson, the father of Democracy, when
about to assume the duties of the first executive of
this country, speaking of certain principles which
should govern us as a nation, recommends " a
jealous care of the rights of election by the peo-
ple;" "encouragement of agriculture, and of
commerce as its handmaid; the diffusion of in-
formation, and arraignment of all abuses at the
bar of the public reason; freedom of religion; free-
dom of the press; and freedom of persons under
the protection of the habeas corpus; and trial by
juries impartially selected." He said:
"These principles form the bright constellation which has
gone before us, and guided our steps through an age of rev-
olution and reformation. The wisdom of our sages and
blood of our heroes have been devoted to their attainment;
they should be the creed of our political faith ; the text of
civic instruction ; the touchstone by which to try the ser-
vices of those we trust; and should we wander from them
in moments of error, or of alarm, let us hasten to retrace our
steps and to regain the road which alone leads to peace,
liberty, and safety."
Mr. Madison, defining the purposes of Govern-
ment, said:
" Avoid the slightest interference with the rights of con-
science, or the functions of religion, so wisely exempted
from civil jurisprudence; to preserve in their full energy
the other salutary provisions in behalf of private and per-
sonal rights, and of the freedom of the press."
These men, with Webster, Clay, and Calhoun,
if living and uttering these well known senti-
ments in Kansas, would be indicted, and, under
its laws, punished as felons, with death. Why,
sir, were I to go into Kansas and read to a meet-
ing of free-State residents there, the Declaration
of Independence and the introductory remarks of
Hickey, upon the Constitution of the United
States, (the best commentary extant,) I should
be adjudged, under these laws, guilty of a felony
punishable with death.
I will not consume timS*by enumerating the re-
peated acts of violence,robberies, assassinations,
andmurders, northe sufferings inflicted under the
pretended vindication of laws to which inhabit-
ants of Kansas have been subjected for the utter-
ing of sentiments prompted by a high sense of
morality, religion, and equality, but pass from
them to review the past and present position of the
Chief Executive of the country, and his party.
What were Franklin Pierce's views on slavery
extension in 1845 ? In a public addresB to the
people of Concord, New Hampshire, he said that
" he regarded slavery as one of the greatest moral
and social evils—a curse upon the whole country;
this he believed to be the sentiment of all men of
all parties at the North." The following are ex-
tracts from his speech in the constitutional con-
vention of New Hampshire in 1851:
." I would take the ground of the non-extension of sla-
very"—" that slavery should not become stronger." " What
single thing is there connected with slavery Hiat is not ob-
noxious ? " "No one can feel more deeply than X do on the
subject."
Shortly afterwards he became the Democratic
nominee for President, and was elected by an
almost unanimous vote—the North at the time
declaring him opposed to the further extension
of slavery, and the South, relying upon his pre-
vious record in the Senate, represented him as
true to their interest upon all questions relating
to the subject of slavery, whilst at the same time
he stood before the country pledged by the plat-
form of his party, and opposed to the agitation
of this question in all forms and under all cir-
cumstances. He has been exceedingly unfor-
tunate in his administration. He has ^widely
-departed from the policy laid down in his inau-
gural. He has used the strong arm of our Navy
to suppress a marauding force in Central Amer-
ica, and, for chastisement, destroyed the defense-
less city of Grey town; but in our own beloved
country he has remained silent, and permitted a
marauding party, without any pretense or color
of law, to usurp dominion over our own common
territory, and there to plant the black nag ol sla-
very, in defiance of the rights of its citizens, and
of at least three fourths of the electors of this
Republic. He has been deaf to the calls of
humanity, and with folded arms has suffered
