1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1209
34th Cong....Ist Sess.
Slavery—Presidential Question—Mr. Purviance.
Ho. or Reps.
mission on the other- Our children see this and learn to
imitate it, Tor man is an imitative animal. The parent
storms, the child looks on, catches the lineaments of wrath,
pats on the same airs in the circle of smaller slaves, giveb
a loose rein to his worst passions ; and thus nursed, educa-
ted, and daily exercised in tyranny cannot but be stamped
by it with odious peculiarities. The man must be a prod-
igy who can retain his manners and morals undepraved by
tucfi circumstances."
The connection which this immortal statesman
had with the ordinance of 1787, by which the
great Northwest Territory was forever dedicated
to freedom, affords the strongest proof that he
deprecated the existence of slavery, and gave his
name,power, and influence, infavorof its abridg-
ment. A perpetual exercise of boisterous pas-
sion and unremitting despotism, as was observed
by the author of the immortal Declaration of In-
dependance, was most likely to prove fatal to
that cherished element in the Government he had I
helped to form, and hence his anxious solicitude i
for the spread of that restrictive principle of which
he was the founder. Men who are used to com- j
mand, and to enforce obedience to those com- ,
mands, are apt to exhibit, in boisterous passion
and unremitting despotism, the power which they
claim and which they cannot tolerate to be called ,
in question. The boisterous exhibitions of pas-
sion by the parent become daguerreotyped upon
the infant mind, and lead to the result so faith-
fully and truthfully delineated by Mr. Jefferson.
To the reflective southern mind, the portrait of
slavery drawn by their own immortal statesman
cannot fail to prove a lesson of profitable instruc- 1
tion, and worth a thousand lectures from ultra
northern men. With the evils and responsibilities
of slavery as it exists in the States, we of the
North have nothing to do; the whole must rest
upon those who are connected with and maintain
the system. But with its expansion we believe
we have responsibility, because we believe we 1
possess the power to arrest its future progress in
territory now free. The fullest and freest exercise
of all the constitutional power conferred upon us
is a duty we owe ourselves, our constituents, and
our country; a power which I shall not fail to ,
exercise to the fullest extent of my own interpre-
tation of that sacred instrument. For that inter- 1
pretation I shall look to its written language—
cotemporaneous legislation, in which the framers
of the Constitution to some extent participated; 1
to judicial construction since; and to subsequent '
recognitions by southern, as well as northern
statesmen. My convictions of duty, whatever
they are, shall be obeyed uninfluenced by bois-
terous passion or unremitting despotism. _ jl
I seek to disturb no vested right, but to abridge !
the enlargement of an admitted evil; an evil be-
wailed by the wisest statesmen of the Ancient
Dominion thirty years ago, because of the blight
and desolation which then followed in its train,
and now become indelibly impressed upon the
broad face of that cherished and renowned Com-
monwealth. With anareain square miles greater
than Pennsylvania, a more balmy climate, and
rich, profusely rich, in mineral resources, since
1790 she has but doubled her free white popula-
tion, whilst Pennsylvania, in the same time, has
more than quadrupled hers. The mighty oak
has stood for generations in the dark and sullen
forests of the Ancient Dominion, untouched by
the hand of the hardy white .pioneer, and bidding
defiance to the ax of the poor, enervated Afri-
can. The richest valleys upon which the sun of
heaven ever shone are there to be seen in their
primeval state, just where the red man found
them centuries ago. AVhat does all this mean—-
thi* uninterrupted, solemn stillness, in a land
blessed with a profusion of God's richest boun-
ties? There is a cause for all this, which Vir-
ginians must look in the face, and count its prob-
able cost. Time alone will solve the problem,
what it is that desolates the fairest portion of the
universe, and when it is that that desolation shall
cease, and give place to life, business, and a st&te
of unexampled prosperity, which the Ancient
Dominion, I sincerely hope and trust, is one day
destined to enjoy. .
With the blight and desolation which pervade
the mother of States and of statesmen I have
nothing to do except to point to the cause, with
the view of impressing the American mind against
the enlargement of a system so fraught with
danger to the growth and happiness of a free
people. Fully convinced, as I am, that it dwarfs
the nation in which it exists, 1 would be recreant
to my own long and well-settled convictions to
allow it to extend beyond its present limit. If
this be abolitionism, then Jefferson, Monroe,
Lee, and other distinguished southern men, were
Abolitionists, for they deplored the existence of j
slavery as an evil, and left upon record the most I
solemn admonitions against its enlargement. I
maintain that this Government possesses the
power, in the broadest sense of the term, to pre-
vent the extension of any system or institution
within its limits which may affect the wealth,
strength, or growth of our Confederation. The
primary object of the Union was to increase, not
diminish, these governmental elements; and if I
am prepared to show, by the history of the past
and the sad realities of the present, that slavery
tends to depress all these right arms of a nation s
greatness, I succeed indisputably in establishing
the postulate that the power to abridge belongs
to, and should be exercised by, the Govern-
ment.
I have said it diminishes the wealth, strength,
and growth of a nation; and now for the proof,
first, as to the wealth.
By the last census, the estimated cash value of
all the tarms in the free States is $2,132,151,676;
whilst that of the southern States is $1,117,298,388;
theNorth being almost double that of the South.
The North has an area in square miles of six
hundred and forty-three thousand three hundred
and twenty-six miles; whilst the South has nine I
hundred and twenty-eight thousand eight hun-
dred and ninety-two—being an excess over the
North of two hundred and eighty-five thousand
four hundred and thirty-six miles, with a much
more favorable latitude, and a greater amount of
sea-coast, with" navigable rivers extending into
and across the States, the comparative value
of farms is as already given, exhibiting a marked
depression in the value of southern property when
compared even with the cold, bleak, granite hills
of New Hampshire.
Virginians, who clamor so much about the ex-
tension of slavery, bear with me while I institute
a comparison between your once " Old Domin-
ion" and the "Empire State." The area of
square miles in the former is sixty-one thousand
three hundred- and fifty-two; and in the latter
forty-six thousand. Tty^sash value of farms in
New York is $554,546,642; and in Virginia but
$216,401,543. The improved lands irfNew York
are 12,408,964, and unimproved, 6,710,123 acres.
Tn Virginia, improved, 10,360,135, and unim-
proved, 15,792,176 acres. Why this great dis-
parity in the value of property in these two great
States ? Will gentlemen across the way tell "me
that New York had advantages over Virginia in
starting out? If they do, I answer, that the Old
Dominion, in 1790, had a white population of |
442,115; whilst New York had but 314,142. With
130,000 more strong arms — 1 mean white arms
of chivalric men, how has she fallen behind in
the accumulation of wealth ? But more, sir; Vir-
ginia, at that period, had 293,427 slaves, and New
York but 21,324; and yet the former sinks into
insignificance in the scale of wealth alongside of
the latter. .There is a cause for this, which Vir-
ginians must know and feel, and doubtless bewail,
as did Benjamin Watkins Lee in 1820.
The cause, so palpable, is like the hand-writ-
ing on the wall, and long ere this Virginia
might well have shook, as did Belshazzer of old.
Whilst I point to this disparity in the wealth of
these two great States, I do it out of no desire to
call up unpleasant thoughts and reflections; nor,
sir, is it done with any view of inducing Virginia
or the South to adopt a change of policy. 1 do
it to convince even Virginians that they should
not ask us to agree to the extension of a system
which strikes down national wealth in the com-
parative ratio which I have exhibited.
Where slavery exists, all other business seems
to be paralyzed. Out of 791,545 persons engaged
in manufacturing in the United States in 1840, but
187,787 are in the South; out of 117,575 persons
engaged in commerce, but 37,387 belong to the
South; out of 56,025 engaged in navigating the
mighty deep, but 4#987 belong to the South; and
in internal navigation, out of 33,067 persons en-
gaged, but 10,697 are from the South. Who that
reads these statistics can fail to divine the cause?
Reposing and relying almost solely upon your
cotton, you have turned your backs upon almost
every other industrial pursuit. Fold your arms,
and sleep in undisturbed repose upon your accus-
tomed couch of ease. You shall not, so far as I
am concerned, be disturbed; but seek not to ex-
tend that system to land where commerce, agri-
culture, ana manufactures, claim to have undis-
puted sway. You have territory enough—mil-
liong of acres more than the free States—upon
which to spread, if you please, the malaria which
blights the business and prosperity of the freest
and happiest people on earth, without extending
it to territory now free, and which I trust, in the
providence of God, is destined forever to remain
so.
I have said,secondly, it diminishes the strength
of the nation, which I flatter myself I can prove.
The strength of our natiot) consists in the free
"population, the growth of which slavery tends to
repress, as is manifest from facts to which I call
the attention of the House.
The aggregate white population of the United
States, in 1850, was 19,553,068, of which 6,184,477
were in the South.
The white population of New York and Penn-
sylvania, in 1775, was 579,000, and that of Mary-
land and Virginia, 474,000. How stands the
figures now ? The former have a population of
5,306,485, and the latter, 1,312,743, being the
enormous increase of 4,000,000 beyond the States
which have the decided advantage in sea-coast,
latitude, and in many other respects. Here is a
fact startling in its character, and one which
should awaken southern gentlemen from the ap-
palling lethargy with which they have been im-
pressed formore than half a century. Remember,
Maryland and Virginia started out within a hun-
dred thousand of the white population of New
York and Pennsylvania, ana that they are now
four millions behind, and yet they ask us to carry
this same devastating system into States which
are yet in embryo, in the crysalis State, and
about to breathe the pure, free air of universal
liberty.
Of the 56,025 persons engaged in the navigation
of the seas, 42,154 hail from New England, and
but 4,987 from the entire South; and yet we have
been obliged to sit here for months listening to
the oft-repeated and now stale denunciations of
the noble sires of nine tenths t>f the gallant tars
who ride upon the whirlwind and the storm, and
whose business it is to teach the present and com-
ing generations where and how to navigate in
safety. A nation's strength consists in part of
just such men—men who are unused to a life of
ease, but who, by nature and education, are emi-
nently fitted for the severest trials which the
hardest fate and destiny can assign them.
Any system or policy which decreases popula-
tion, the great element, after all, of national
strength, and which enervates and unfits that
population for hardships, weakens the national
strength. It is the true policy of this Government
to people the Territories, and even States, with
! freemen, who may, if necessary, become soldiers,
and not with slaves, who cannot. The latter, if
pressed into the service and killed, must be paid
for, as your congressional enactments, I believe,
will show. By a comparison of the strength of
the militia of the free and slaveholding States, it
will be seen, that in this respect it is impolitic to
extend slavery beyond its present limits.
I have said, as a third reason against its exten-
sion, that it affects the growth of the nation. By
this 1 mean in population, agriculture, commerce,
and manufactures, as is evidently the case by the
comparisons already instituted. If Maryland and
Virginia have lost four millions of population in
sixty-six years by adopting and adhering to sla-
very, what has been the relative loss of the other
old States of the South during the same period,
and growing out of the same cause? If com-
merce and manufactures shall continue to lan-
guish in the same relative proportion for the next
half century, where will be found, in this land of
liberty, a single man to raise his voice in favor
of an extension of a system which carries in its
train nothing but desolation and decay ?
The.decrease of population occasioned by the
I incubus of slavery upon a State or Territory,
