1210
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 4,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery—Presidential Question—Mr. Purviance.
Ho. of Reps.
even •with the addition of the three fifths ofthe
■laves, is apparent by the loss of representation. |
Beginning with the first apportionment for con- •
gressional representation under a census which
was taken in 1790, Virginia and Maryland started
out with twenty-seven Congressmen, and Penn-
sylvania and New York with twenty-four. At the
second apportionment, the former increased four,
while the latter increased eleven. The third, Vir-
finia and Maryland increased but one, while
ennsylvania and New York increased fifteen.
The fourth apportionment, in 1820, Virginia and
Maryland lost one, and Pennsylvania and New
York increased ten; and at the fifth, in 1830, the
latter increased eight, while Maryland and Vir-
ginia lost two. At this latter period the Repre-
sentatives of the last named States had fallen to
twenty-nine, only two beyond what they started
with forty years before; whilst Pennsylvania and
New York increased their number forty-four be-
yond that with which they started in 1790. Be-
tween 1830 and 1840 the tide of migration was
westward, and sunk the representation of the
old States to swell the new, leaving the relative
representation of the States between which the
comparison is drawn, at about the same as it was
in 1830, but presenting the sad spectacle of an
actual loss on the part of Maryland and Virginia,
in sixty years, of five members, having now the
meager representation of but nineteen on this floor,
whilst Pennsylvania and New York have fifty-
eight—a gain of thirty-four; and this, too, after ,
having contributed mainly to the settlement of
the entire Northwest.
Georgia is called the fast State of the South. !
Let us run her a tilt with the Buckeye. In 1790
Georgia had three Representatives—Ohio not
then admitted. By the census of 1800, the latter
had but one Representative, and Georgia had
added one to her number, making four. The
next ten years, Georgia increased two, and Ohio
five; each at this period, 1810, having six Repre-
sentatives; and now, sir, what has the past forty
years done for Georgia? It has increased her
representation but two members. The answer
is a melancholy commentary upon the slave
policy which she early adopted, and has since
been clinging to as if it were her only salvation.
The same forty years have added to the represent-
ation of Ohio fifteen members. How is this, and
why is this ? Georgia has an area greater by-
twenty thousand miles than Ohio, has the ad-
vantage of a sea-coast on its entire eastern bound-
ary; and checkered by magnificent rivers, upon !l
which the commerce of the great Atlantic can
be floated to every point, she falls back and
counts, slaves and all, but a little more than a j
third of her younger sister, Ohio. If" it be ar- !
gued that the slave States divided their territory,
and helped to increase the new States formed out !
of their limits, I answer that the whole represent- !
atioo of the new States formed out of old slave 11
States is forty-eight, whilst that of the new States !
formed out of free territory amounts to fifty- I
two. ! |
You may further argue, that you have helped J|
to settle and people the free States as well as your ; |
own. To some considerable extent I grant this [ j
has been the case; but why have your people de- i
serted the sunny South—the land of which you ' j
boast so much—to seek and find a northern home, ;
to endure the hardships of a rigorous climate, 1 j
and to face the frosts and snows of almost never- 5
ending winters. Slavery has driven them there, i
and will continue to drive out your white popu- i
lation, until you will have nothing to clamor over
or about but deserted towns and cities, and dilap- |
idated and abandoned estates. Another compari-
son between the fast State of the South, Georgia, I
and the queen of the West, Ohio. The cash value
of farms in the former is $95,753,445, and in the
latter, $358,758,603. Think of. it, statesmen of
Georgia ! Ohio two hundred and sixty millions
beyond Georgia in the value of improved farms,
and yet the latter State is of the last, whilst Ohio is
but a child of the present, century. South Carolina,
in 1790, had a white population of 140,178, and in
sixty years has increased it only 136,385. The
county of Alleghany, in Pennsylvaeia, principally
represented by my colleague, [Mr. Ritchie,] and
in part by myself, has a population of one hundred
and-thirty-eight thousand, and -upwards, which
has mostly, if not entirely, grown up since 1790.
I appeal to South Carolina to know why it is
you have been clamoring so long about the mainte-
nance of this poor, miserable, truckling system
of slavery, that has hung as a dead weight upon
your body-politic,and kept you for half a century
stationary? It is no business of mine to ask you
to give it up; but it is my business to say to you
as honorable, chivalric men, for the love you bear
your native land, for the hope you may have of
its swelling greatness in the future, send not this
nation-blasting system into Territories now free,
and which may seek to unite with us in harmo-
nious union. I have now, Mr. Speaker, as I con-
ceive, satisfactorily proved that slavery affects
and destroys the wealth, strength, and growth of
a nation; and for these reasons, I give my most
solemn admonition to my constituents, and; to the
country, against its extension.
basis or representation reviewed.
But, sir, this question wears a political phase
which claims, and should receive, the attention
of every northern freeman. There is an element
of power in slavery, which I do not question where
it exists, but which shall never, by any vote of
mine, be carried into territory now free. I refer,
sir, to the basis of representation by which three
fifths of the slaves of the United States are rep-
resented. I desire to be distinctly understood as
not objecting to it in the present slave States,
but simply to its extension. It is a false prin-
ciple, and was only agreed to originally by com-
pact, which I would never break if I could; but
I shall not extend it if I can prevent it. In other
words, I shall not agree to the admission of a
State which claims any such anti-democratic and
anti-republican basis of power, for, sir, disguise
it as you may, it is a question of power, ana not
merely one of representation. It is paradoxical
to say that you are the Representatives of men
who nave no right to petition you for alleged
grievances; and it is equally so to say that you
occupy the relation of Representative and con-
stituent, the latter in popular acceptation being
the master, and the former the servant, when it
is known that you reverse this popular axiom,
and make them the servants, and you the masters.
Your right to representation upon slave basis
is not, and cannot, be sustained, except by the
compact in the originaAonfederation, and in the
States subsequently admitted by northern con-
cession. This basis of representation is at best
but a property one, and findjg, and can find, no>
sanction in any political principle, so as to make
it applicable to one set of men, and not to another.
No.one who is the least observant can fail to
perceive that an extension of this power or basis
of representation is dangerous to the existence of
our republican institutions. It necessarily tends
to a concentration of power into the hands of the
few to the detriment of the many. It confers the
suffrage of the country, the great lever by which
the Government is controlled, upon a privileged
class, and may ultimately lead to the most sin-
gular political anomaly of a minority ruling* a
large majority with " boisterous passion and
unremitting despotism." I propose to demon-
strate its inequality and unsoundness, and inap-
plicability to a republican form of government.
The State of Ohio contains a free-State popu-
lation of 1,980,408, and seilds twenty-one Repre-
sentatives to Congress. The aggregate number of
slaves in the United States, by the last census, is
2,204,313; from which deduct two fifths, and you
have left 1,922,593, upon which twenty or twenty-
one gentlemen hold their seats in this House,
thus neutralizing, or, in other words, blotting
out of existence, the young giant of the West.
The voice of near two millions of freemen, intel-
ligent freemen, is entirely silenced in your Con-
gressional Hall, because there are within the
limits of the Government 3,000,000 of slaves.
In other words, twenty-one Representatives are
thrown away to appease the slave power. This
was a part of the terms of our partnership in
entering upon the Confederation between the
thirteen old States, but there was no part of that
compact which requires us to extepd it to States
which might afterwards come into the Union.
The Constitution of the United States, cotempo-
rary with the Confederation, fixed the terms upon
which new States were afterwards to be admitted,
in the language used therein: "Congress may
admit new States;" which evidently conferred
upon the Congress to which application for ad-
mission should be made, the power to admit or
reject, with or without assigning reasons. The
framers of the Constitution intended that the
whole people of the United States, through their
Representatives in Congress, should have a voice
in the admission or rejection of new States. If
I had no other objection to the admission of a
State than that it claimed a Representative for
1 three fifths of its slave property, I should most
certainly vote against it on the ground that it
• diminished my political rights, and those of my
constituents. For the purpose of presenting the
! argument in a way in which it may be generally
j and clearly understood, suppose a proposition of
: annexation should be made us by some slave-
I holding Government, with a slave population of
i 40,000,000, each thousand of whom were owned
by a single master, making 40,000 masters—that
a part of the principle of annexation should be the
j adoption of the three-fifths basis of representation:
! what would be our condition in the event of an
i acceptance of the proposition ? Deduct two fifths
• and you have twenty-four millions left—more
than the whole of the present population of the
j United States, slaves and freemen. To accept
| would be a surrender of your Government into
[ the hands of forty thousand men, simply because
; they are the owners of a'thousand slaves each.
; Would the Democrats of the North agree to this,
obliging as they are to their southern neighbors?
Would the Representative from the city of Phil-
adelphia, my colleague, [Mr. Cadwalader,] agree
to this surrender of northern rights. And yet, sir,
is not the admission of every slave State a prac-
tical adoption of the same unjust and unequal
principle ? Why, sir, I can point to two congres-
sional districts in Pennsylvania which poll about
forty thousand votes, and yet they can send to this
{ House but two members; whilst, in the case put,
! you would allow forty thousand voters, because
they owned slave property, to send one hundred
\ and twenty members under the present ratio,
j In the one case, you allow less than one hundred
! and fifty men to elect a Congressman, and in the
other you require twenty thousand. If this be
Democratic, then I confess I am at fault in under-
standing the force of a term long the popular
sobriquet of a large and respectable party of the
United States. The owner of a thousand slaves
for purposes of enumeration, is six hundred times
better than the best northern Democrat upon the
( floor of this House; and when he accumulates
I this particular species of property to four thou-
I sand, he is then twenty-fourhundred times better
than either of my Democratic colleagues, and
| stands, politically, so immeasurably beyond and
! above them, as to require the use of a microscope
to see them. One hundred and fifty men, with a
thousand slaves each, would be entitled to a mem-
ber of Congress; they would do the voting, the
legislation; and to them would belong the control
of the entire congressional district. Let the
ownership of this body of slaves concentrate still
further by one man owning four thousand, and
you reduce the congressional voters of a district
to thirty-seven or thirty-eight less than the voters
of the smallest borough or precinct in my con-
gressional district. What northern man will
dare to sanction this unjust principle of repre-
sentation when once his constituents fully under-
stand it ?
Freemen of the North, and non-slaveholding citi-
zens of the South, you are invoked to join in putting
stop to the further progress of slavery in new
tates and Territories. There you have the power
to act, and that action should be prompt and de-
cided, unless you are willing to surrender the
control of the Government to a slave oligarchy,
composed of a minority of the people of the Uni-
j ted States.
i! power to prohibit extension of slavery.
II The next question I propose to examine is,
I Have we the power to prevent the extension of
1! slavery ? I affirm the existence of that power, as
j resulting from the nature and construction of the
! Government, as well as from the repeated legis-
; lation and judicial interpretation in favor of its
4
