1212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 29,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naturalization and Immigration—Mr. Hoffman.
Ho. or Rfips.
soluble tie, which,like the Gordian knot, cannot
be unloosed; and to cut it would be treason. It
is bound together by rivers and mountains, by
cities connected in great commercial enterprises,
by the grave of the northern soldier in the South,
and the southern soldier in the North, and by
that immortal Declaration of Independence which
pledged North and South, East and West, for its
preservation. It cannot be dissolved unless by
the rankest, foulest treason. The hand that would
dare to strike the first blow would palsy in the
attempt. The tongue that would aare to pro-
claim the separation of these United States would
cleave to the roof of a traitor's mouth. The spirits
of the gallant veterans of the Revolution would
haunt the wretch who would dare to expatriate
their honored graves by throwing them outside
that glorious Union for which they foughtand bled
and died. No, sir, this Union cannot be dissolved;
and men who play the part of alarmists should
be rebuked wherever they appear. This Union is
the monument of all our battle-fields. It stands
out in bold relief, as well to perpetuate the chiv-
alry of the South as the North; and equally heralds
the fame of Bunker Hill and Yorktown. It is
the monument of that indomitable energy and
enterprise for which our people are everywhere
distinguished. In a word, it is a monument of
the greatest good and the greatest glory which
could be conferred upon any nation. There is a
talismanic influence and charm in the very-name
of Union, that will hush the demagogue to silence,
and that will continue to unite us in a destiny
which cannot fail to make us individually and
collectively happy.
NATURALIZATION AND IMMIGRATION—OUK
COUNTRY'S TRUE POLICY.
SPEECH OF HON. H. W. HOFFMAN,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
July 29,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. HOFFMAN said:
Mr. Chairman: It is not my purpose to follow
in the track of the Administration gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Dowdell,] who addressed the
committee on last night, nor yet of the Repub-
lican gentleman from New York, [Mr. Kelset,]
who has just taken his seat. I shall not unne-
cessarily consume tha time of the committee by
trotting out either ;.:e "Woolly Horse" or the
stuffed " Buck," but will confine myself more
Particularly to some of the practical issues raised
y the party to which I am indebted for a seat
in this body—the party with which I am now
cooperating—the party of which I have been, am
now, and shall continue to feel proud. In my
legislative career thus far, brief as it has been, I
have endeavored to square my conduct by these
old-fashioned words: "Act well your part, there
all the honor lies." My highest ambition has
been to make up such a record as would identify
me only as an unfaltering friend of the Constitu-
tion and the Union—the whole Union—knowing
no North nor no South, and withal true to my
own clear convictions of right, of duty, and of
patriotism, not forgetting how nobly and truth-
fully it has been said:
" This above all—to thine own self be true,
And it must follow, as the night the day,
Thou canst not then be false to any man."
And yet, Mr. Chairman, I should feel that my
whole duty had not been performed, nor the just
expectations of those who sent me here fully
met, did I return without having made at least
one effort in defense of principles which are held
and cherished by as gallant and true an American
constituency as is to be found within the broad
limits of this Republic. I invite the attention of
the committee to the bill reported last week from
t)ie Jydiciary Committee. Its title, "A. bill to
establish a uniform rule of naturalization, and to
repeal all acts heretofore passed, and now in force
.on that subject." I need hardly remind you,
Mr. Chairman, in itself considered, " that sub-
ject" is one of the first importance. Not impor-
tant, I regret to say, by reason of any probability,
£
or even possibility, of its maturing and ripening
into law at this session, now fast drawing to a
close, or during the Thirty-Fourth Congress
either, but important as to that which it proposes
to do, and still more important as to that which
it would do, could it but meet with favor and
approbation at the hands of this imbecile Admin-
istration. However strong were my convictions
of the absolute necessity for an essential revision
and modification of those laws prior to my taking
a seat in this body, they have been much strength-
ened and enforced by certain proceedings and
events which have transpired in this and the other
end of the Capitol since the first Monday and
third day of December last. Let me pass some
of them in review. Notwithstanding the fact,
well known to every member upon this floor,
that a principal cause of the origin and unprece-
dented revolution in the political sentiment of the
country, was a profound and well-settled convic-
tion upon the minds of the American masses, that
the right of suffrage had been abused, the ballot-
box invaded, and the purity of the elective fran-
chise corrupted and destroyed, chiefly on account
of the facilities afforded by your present system of
naturalization; notwithstanding the further fact,
that a very large proportion of these same Ameri-
can masses, honestly believe that the m ost effectual,
if not, indeed, the only way in which the evil can be«
successfully reached and counteracted is by ex-
tending the period of probation; notwithstanding
the additional fact, that honest and conservative
men of all parties concur in opinion, that what-
soever of additional guards, checks, and restraints
which maybe devised, not incompatible with the
Constitution or the spirit of our institutions,
should be unhesitatingly and at once adopted; and
notwithstanding the still additional fact, that it
was, to a greater or less extent, in obedience to
this sentiment, that a very large portion, if not an
absolute majority, of this House, were and are
indebted for their positions upon this floor; yet
the Administration party, in both branches of the
National Legislature, in utter disregard, and with
a lack of decent respect for opinions so exten-
sively held and well understood, did not hesitate
to bring forward among the first bills reported to
this Congress, and on which we were forced to p
pass, one, the whole object and purpose of which
was to open the flood-gates still wider for this
stream of corruption and commerce in foreign
merchantable votes — a bill, the whole scope and
intent of which was not to strengthen, but to
weaken the guards-heretofore too sparingly sup-
plied— not to fortify, and secure, but to break
down and destroy those plready in force. Such,
sir, was Senate bill No. 125, as reported by Mr.
Mason, of Virginia, for the benefit (?) of this 1
District; several of the provisions of which, to
use a charitable phrase, were legislative monstros-
ities. And although not rf measure of the first
importance, considered as to the extent of terri- j
tory over which it proposed to extend its with- !
ering and deleterious influences, yet, sir, was it i
one of great magnitude, considered as establish- j
ing a principle, and laying down a lineofpolicy, j
and setting a precedent by the General Govern- ■
ment;—a question of immense proportions, when
it is recollected that, outside of the Territories, 1
this District is the only place where we may
prescribe rules and regulations as affecting the
right of suffrage—the only place over which we ;
have exclusive^Jurisdiction in such matters. !
But what of the result? Strange to tell! in a
House, two thirds of which was elected in oppo-
sition to the Administration, the effort was sue- j
cessful! But how came it successful ? The Ad- ■
ministration party, backed and supported by the |
Abolitionists in the House, steadily voted down
all American opposition. We were beaten by a
fusion. And such a fusion! One of the parties
to it, composed of the harmonious (?) quasi sup- j
porters of the Administration, under the lead of
the most amiable and consistent (!) gentleman,
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, and Mr. Houston, of
Alabama, of whom, I fear, some one shall yet be
found so unappreciative as to apply the proverb:
" They are wiser in their own conceit than seven
men who can render a reason." The other parly
to it was made up of the Abolitionists, under the
lead of the senior member from Ohio, [Mr. Gin- t
: dings,] and the gentleman from the " Wilmot.
district," [Mr. Grow,] of whom it may also be
said, "par nobile fratrum !" This fusion, thus
made up of "black spirits and white," stood
shoulder to shoulder, fast friends, even to the
close of that parliamentary struggle which, as we
all know, lasted for days together. Nor was the
fusion confined alone to this Hall, for the organ
of the Administration, (the Union,) and that of
the Abolitionists, (the National Era,) made com-
mon cause. The result of the fusion here was a
material change in the charter of this city, whereby
all the benefits which had until then accrued from
the fair and legitimate decision of the American
commissioners of election were hopelessly and at
once stricken doirn. Its effect, outside of this
Hall, was to transfer the city government from
American to foreign hands. If, therefore, Amer-
icans no longer stand upon guard in this, the
metropolis of the nation, to that fusion of the sec-
tional Administration and Abolition parties is it
alone attributable. This completes/usion No. 1,
as in favor of legislation which would afford still
greater latitude for fraud and corruption.
But again: We have seen, during the present
session, a coalition formed by the same parties
upon the bill reported by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow.] The bill to which
I have reference is that which provides for an
election of delegates to a convention, which con-
vention is to be charged with the duty of forming
a constitution and State Governmentfor the Ter-
ritory of Oregon, preparatory to her admission,
into the Union. This bill, as reported from the
Territorial Committee, allowed all the " male in-
habitants " of said Territory, unobstructed right
of suffrage; and this, too, without rSference to
kind or color. Well, sir, our friends on the other
side couldn't exactly swallow that. Hence we
we find them moving, through the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] to amend the clause
referred to by limiting it as to color only. This
amendment proposed to confine suffrage and
eligibility to "white male inhabitants." The
simon-pure Americans, or, as the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] has been pleased to
designate us, the " Americans par excellence,"
proposed further to restrict it, to the end that
none but " white male citizens of the United
States " should be allow^fl to participate in the
selection of delegates charged with so high and
delicate a trust. What was the result? Again
you find the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Grow,] and the senior member from Ohio, [Mr.
Giddings] united with the Administration, and
the result, as before, was the rejection of the
American amendment. This, sir,completes fusion
number two, against Americans, and in favor of
foreigners, as such.
But again : If you will look to your Speaker's
table, Mr. Chairman, you will find what is kriown
as the Kansas pacification bill, passed by the Sen-
ate a few weeks since. That bill repeals so much
of the Kansas organic act as permits and allows
unnaturalized foreigners the exercise and full en-
joyment of suffrage and eligibility within that
Territory. It is to the history of the insertion of
that repealing clause to which I invite the atten-
tion of the committee. How came it in the bill ?
It was offered by Mr. Adams, an "American"
Senator from the State of Mississippi, and by
reference to the vote upon it you will find a ma-
jority of Democratic Senators, under the lead of
Messrs. Cass and Douglas, fused with Abolition
Senators, under Messrs. Seward and Wilson,
voting in opposition to this " American proviso."
This, Mr. Chairman, completes the third fusion
of the same parties against the doctrine of reform
in alien suffrage and citizenship, as advocated by
the American party. A series of three separate
and distinct movements, in which there has been
a coalition between northern and southern ex-
tremes to break down American sentiment and
build up foreign influence. And now, sir, if that
unnatural, odious, and anti-American feature is
to be continued or perpetuated to the unfortunate
Territory of Kansas, it will be by a fuston of the
same character; because it is well known that this
is a triangular House, neither party possessing
sufficient strength to carry any measure on its
own hook. And if the same anti-American fea-
ture is to be finally extended to the remote Terri-
tory of Oregon, or perhaps incorporated into her
