1856.]
A^PENBIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
1215
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Trafton.
Ho. of Reps.
description of men and professions, there is no
jieed of encouragement."
From the purest of motives, the founders of
the Government not only threw open our ports,
and gave a cordial reception and protection to the
oppressed of all climes, but they inconsiderately,
if not unwisely, tempted and stimulated immigra-
tion without limit or stint either as to time or char-
acter. So far from following the advice of Wash-
ington, we have seen, even during the present
Administration, a bill pass through a Democratic
House throwing open our public domain and bid-
ding the pauper and criminal hordes of Europe
and the world come and take possession of the
inheritance purchased with the blood and treas-
ure of American freemen.
Mr. Chairman, this American movement, if it
ha£ done nothing more, has at least the merit of
having made, and is yet making, an honest effort
to separate this among other questions from the
crude un-American notions which heretofore sur-
rounded them; and this bill of Senator Adams,
and the one on our table, shall be the witnesses
of the efforts still being kept up to obtain the unbi-
ased judgment of this Congress and of the Amer-
ican people, disentangled from the political and
partisan aspect which they have hitherto worn.
Let us, then, as we value the advice of Wash-
ington, cease estimating our strength by mere
numbers, and withdraw instead of multiplying
temptations and facilities for immigration. Infi-
nitely better is it to do this than to open wide
your doors, and perish the victims of excessive
party rancor and mistaken philanthropy.
I had intended presenting some remarks upon
the religious aspect of this American movement,
in reply to what has fallen from the Opposition
during this session, but must forbear from doing
so for want of time. Suffice it to say, early in
the session, and pending the organization of the
House, the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Eus-
tis] congratulated himself upon a state of case
which subsequent events have shown did not
exist in fact at the time. He said:
" Gentlemen ought to recollect that here in this Congress,
there is not a single Catholic priest." * * * * " I aak
you with all due respect and all due courtesy to gentle-
men of the cloth, to show me a Catholic priest or an ac-
credited agent of the church of Rome in this Hall-"
This House, a few days since, performed an
act of justice to itself and duty to the country in
unseating the sitting Delegate from New Mexico,
[Jose M. Gallegos,] whooccupied a seat in this
Hall since the commencement of the Thirty-
Third Congress. That gentleman, in his printed
defense which was read before this House, says:
" I found myself, previous to my first election, a
clergyman of that (Roman Catholic) church."
After this confession, no one will be found to deny
that, for three years at least, the church of Rome
has not been without an accredited agent upon this
floor. There is also a passage or two contained
among the specifications in the official notice of
the contestant which I beg leave to present, as
showing to some extent the character of the
means employed in effecting that object. The
third specification is as follows:
" At precint number six, in the county of Rio Arriba, in-
ttead of the judges of election receiving the votes when
they were handed in by the voters, the priest of San Juan
received them and read theni, and if the vote was for you he
handed it to the judge of election, to be placed in he ballot
box. and if fox i&e he handed it back to the voter, telling him
that such votes were not received there—thus fraudulently
and illegally preventing votes at said precinct, to the num
ber of forty, being cast for me; and which votes should
have been put in the ballot-box and counted for me, but
which were fraudulently refused to be received."
The ninth is in these words:
" In precinct number , at Mesilla, in the county of
Dona ABa, votes to the number of three hundred and
twenty-nine, which were illegal, fraudulent, and void, were
counted for you by the Secretary of the Territory of New
Mexico, when they should have been rejected, for the fol-
lowing reasons: First, because the poll-books for said
precinct, by the probate judge of said county, were not
used at said election, by the unlawful interference of the
priest at Mesilla."
Mr. Chairman, let me say to our friends on the
other sidttpf the House, that, for one, I feel no
uneasiness about my political'position. I shall
take no step backwards. Upon each and all the
issues raised by the American party, I have no
terms of compromise to offer or accept. I accept
the issue tendered us by the other side,—" war
t  the knife, and the knife to the hilt," and
" damn'd be him that first cries Hold, enough!"
I shall ask no quarter—those whom I have the
honor to represent will neither ask nor accept
quarter. I nave no misgivings as to the result.
The only uncertainty in the contest is, as to ite
duration and the mode of its ultimate conclusion.
"Time is nothing where States are the learners."
It is a mere question as to how long a fraction of ;
the native, in conjunction with almost the entire '
body of the foreign element, supported by a
priesthood of great wealth and possessing almost
unlimited control over their laity, may be able to
keep in subjection the great mass of the Amer-
ican people; how deplorable and humiliating that
subjection must become, before endurance will no
longer be considered a virtue; how often its efforts
to throw off this unnatural and repulsive coali-
tion of Interests, may fail or be but partially
complete; how frequently a too confiding Amer-
ican people maybe betrayed, deceived, misled,
by partisan leaders or the wiles of political dem-
agogues. Sooner or later the success of " Amer-
ican principles" must and will be full, complete,
and satisfactory.
It is most natural, and just what the far-seeing
have predicted from the beginning, that every
step of such a struggle would necessarily create
a condition of parties and interests such as that
now upon the political chess-board. The more
heterogeneous and conglomerate the population
of a country in which such a contest is being car-
ried on, the more doubtful and varied will appa-
rently be the utimate solution, and the more per-
plexed and indeterminate will be each new phase
of the contest. Thus, sir, have we seen at every
stage, so far, a partial triumph of the foreign
party has inspired it with new courage, causing
it to ply the members of the American party with
promises and threats to induce them to intermit
an association which, though it call down upon
their heads for the time being only vilification
and abuse, has, nevertheless, all the prestige of
assured victory, and a glorious triumph in the
end. Arrayed against this American movement
is the Administration, with all its power and
patronage, its almost innumerable classes of office
holders, and those who, under the old regime of
parties, were destined to share in the succession;
these, roused by the danger of losing their " oc-
cupations," have set to work by every kind of
personal influence and " material aid" to control
those masses which had so long looked up to them
with that deference usually atcorded to, and
claimed by, party leaders, and. are striving unceas-
ingly to shake by every imaginable effort the
power of American sentiment over American
hearts. The priesthood, too, and the whole bench
of bishops, with f John a.t their head—a very large
proportion of whom are, by blood and interest,
of the alien sentiment of the country—have raised
the cry of " civil and religious freedom in dan-
ger," and invoking all the force of hereditary
veneration, and all the power of religious instincts,
have thrown themseives across the path of ad-
vancing " Americanism," as if to scare her from
her prize. " Revolutions never go backwards."
Hence the attempt to get up a counter excite-
ment, by holding up this amendment as a crusade
against "civil and religious freedom," must ut-
terly fail of its purpose, and meet in the end with
naught but derision and contempt.
" A man may cry,' church! church!' at every word,
With no more piety than other people;
a daw's not reckoned a religious bird,
Because he keeps a cawing from a steeple."
At no time in all our past history, full as it is
of momentous political struggles, has there been
a period when it was more important to the true
interests of the country, and more clearly incum-
bent upon the American people, to stand by the
Union, the Constitution, and conservative tried
men—to choose between candidates representing
respectively, Americanism and nationality, under
Fillmore; foreignism and bigoted partisanship, under
Buchanan; sectionalism and disunion under Fre-
mont. The public mind has been tossed to and
fro between the extremes of Romanism, foreign-
ism, and fanaticism quite long enough; it is high
time for the banner of free and glorious Ameri-
canism to be boldly advanced tp the fore front of
the battle. The barriers of the Constitution
have been broken down; the dust of three quar-
ters of a^entury has been permitted to cover and
conceal the advice and warnings of the immortal
Washington; the ruins of decaying parties already
send forth the sound of their destruction. Let
the American people rise up in their majesty, and,
true to the teachings of Washington, " Put none
but Americans on guard."
SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. MARK TRAFTON,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House op Representatives,
August 6, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on tha
state of the Union—
Mr. TRAFTON said:
Mr. Chairman: This is the American Con-
gress, here assembled in the year of grace one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-six. We are
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, a most significant phrase just at this
time. Sir, what is the state of the Union ? From
the speeches delivered from time to time by
gentlemen on the opposite side of the House, we
should infer that the last sands of our glass were
just falling—that the Genius of History, in her
winged car yonder, was now jotting down the
last event, and noting the startling fact, " the
Union is ended!" But, sir, I am not alarmed. I
regret that gentlemen so frequently announce the
fact, that the Union will be dissolved in the event
of the success (which I do not doubt) of the Re-
publican party. Such threats and announcements
only pain the patriotic heart, and weaken the
bonds which bind us together.
But, sir, if the South wish to go out of the
Union, all 1 have to say is, in Heaven's name, let
her go. We shall not arive her out—we shall not
go after her—we shall not mourn her loss. But,
sir, there is too much bluster to amount to any-
thing. There will be no bloodshed—no dissolu-
tion of the Union. Agitation we must have, but
it is not to be feared.
But what puist strike a stranger as most sin-
gular is, that in all the speeches to which we
have listened from the opposite side of the Hall,
not one word has been heard in defense of free-
dom, or denunciatory of oppression; not one
word eulogistic of the fathers of this country, or
of that patriotism which glowed in their souls,
or of the unparalleled sufferings by which they
secured to us the blessings we enjoy.
Mr. Chairman, is not this strange? Can we
account for such startling and mysterious phe-
nomena? How is it that, while upon every lip
from that side of the House dwells the subject
of human slavery—nothing is heard but apol-
ogies for slavery, and loud complaints of the
North for meddling with what, we are told, is
" none of our business!" None of our business!
Sir, is it nothing to us that four millions of our
race are chattelized—sqjd upon the auction block,
and knocked about from hand to hand, with no
pity, no defense, no tongue to plead for them—no
hand raised for their defense? Is it nothing to
us that a system exists here which unsettles the
foundation of our Government, deranges our en-
tire policy, and makes us a hissing and by-word
among all the nations of the earth?—that perils
our liberties, and threatens at last to wreck this
entire fabric? Can gentlemen be sincere in such
a declaration ? Sir, there is no subject, however
trivial, that has the most remote bearing upon
the interests and destiny of our common country,
but concerns each citizen, without regard,to sta-
tion or locality. No section of this wide land
can suffer, but that suffering affects all, wherever
dwelling. Our blessings are common blessings;
so are our ills. We at the North sustain and bear
more than our share of the expenses of the Gen-
eral Government. We are liable to be called upon
for common defense—to be taxed, should it be
necessary, to meet any deficiency in the expenses 4
of Government. We must share in the common
dangers; and, sir, in the name of high Heaven,
I ask, if we are to be put down and silenced,
when we believe we see elements of ruin at work
among us, by the impertinent assertion, " It is
none of your business ?"
