1356.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1219
•31th Cong....1st bess. ]\Ir. Fillmore's Political History and Position Mr.
Morgan.
Ho. of Reps.
the people of these United States, and whose
prevalence would ring the knell of American lib-
erty, it) to nog which"would fill with dismay the
oppressed millions of the human race in other
lands! For we think we have demonstrated
above, that the principle of slavery—its entire
animus—is not the enthrallment of the black man,
but of the poor and toiling classes, of all hues,
and in all places. The whole tendency of the
system is to perpetuate an aristocracy of money,
just as dangerous and oppressive as that of blood
and birth. The doctrine of the degenerate Dem-
ocratic party is fully expounded by that embodi-
ment of its platform—the present candidate of
that party—who has said, " Fifty cents a day is
enough for any laboring man." Such a charge
sounds strangely, coming from a party whose
entire policy is dictated and determined by three
hundred and fifty thousand slaveholders in the
South, whose feet are not only planted upon the
necks of the millions of slaves found there, but
also upon those of the free whites among them !
These men have always assumed to lead in
matters of government. They fill the offices in
the gift of the people, and contrive to monopolize
the patronage of Government. They swing the
whip with equal zeal over the heads of bond and
free. And now, when the people are aroused,
and bent on bringing back the Government to its
primitive principles, and restore its Republican
status, they howl out their cries of " sectionalism
But little will the aroused fVeemen of the North
heed such windy charges; but united—sternly
determined—they will hurl this usurper from its
seat, and with loud acclaim hail the second instau-
ration of freedom and equal rights.
" Then violence shall no more lift the sword,
Nor cunning justify the proud man's wrong,
Leaving the poor no remedy but tears ;
Then he that fills an office shall esteem
The occasion it presents of doing good
More than ihe perquisite; then law shall speak
Seldom, and never but as wisdom prompts,
And equity—not jealous more to guard
A worthless form, than to decide the right;
Then fashion shall not sanctify abuse,
Nor smooth good-breeding supplemental grace,
With bare.perfonnance, ape tiie work of love."
! Unued in the country, and the records, often |
; quoted, and to which I shall now only briefly re- !
for, show that Mr. Fillmore voted with persistent j
firmness on the side of freedom, and in company
with such men as John Q,. Adams, Joshua R.
Giddings, and Mr. Slade of Vermont.
On the 21st day of December, 1837, Mr. Pat- ,
ton, of Virginia, offered the following resolution:
MR. FILLMORE'S POLITICAL HISTORY AND
POSITION.
SPEECH OF HON. E. B. MORGAN,
of new york,
In the House of Representatives,
August 4, 1856.
The (louse being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Unk>a—
Mr. MORGAN said:
Mr. Chairman: 1 propose to ask the attention
of the House and of the country to the probable I
consequences of the success of one of the candi- <
dates for the Presidency, who is a citizen of my j
own State, Hon. Millard Fillmore. To exhibit ;
them fully, it will be necessary to examine his j
antecedents, his personal relations to men and: j
parties, the platform upon which he has consented
to stand, the influences which prevailed in his i
nomination, the views and objects of those who
support him, and the principles which must con-
trol him, if he is elected. My sole object in
referring to his personal antecedents ana rela-
tions, is to throw light upon his probable line of
policy, should he be elevated to the presidential
chair. I enter upon that branch of the discus^
Bion with sincere reluctance, and only because it
is essential to a full elucidation of the subject.
mr. fillmore's political history.
In 1829, Mr. Fillmore made his first entrance
into political life, having been in that year elected
to the .New York Assembly as an Antimason.
He was once or twice reelected to the New York
Assembly as an Antimason, and in 1832 was
elected as such a member of this House. In the
same year, he voted for Mr. "Wirt, the Antima-
sonic candidate for the Presidency. He was af-
terwards a. member of this House for a period of
six years, commencing March 4, 1837, during
which time he was attached to the Whig party.
During tius, his second period of service in Con-
gress, tji^ flayery agitation arose and was con-
of the United States, be laid on the table, without limit; de-
bated. printed, read, or referred, and that no further action
whatever shall be had thereon."
The resolution was adopted—yeas 122, nays
74; Mr. Fillmore voting in the negative.
On the 11th of December, 1838, Mr. Atherton
offered his celebrated resolutions in reference to
Abolition petitions, known in the politics of that
time as "Atherton's gag." Mr. Fillmore voted
against their introduction and against their adop-
tion.
On the 13th of December of the same year, Mr.
Wise, of Virginia, offered a series of resolutions
declaring against the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia, the abolition of the inter-
State slave trade, and the reception of Abolition
petitions—affirming that the laws of Congress
alone govern in the prescription of the mode of
recovery of fugitive slaves; that Congress has no
power to impose the abolition of slavery upon a
State as a condition of its admission into the
Union; that the citizens of a slave State have a
right to take their slaves through a free State; that
the General Government is constitutionally bound
to protect them in such right; that the laws of the
non-slaveholding States in conflict with such right
were null and void. The motion to suspend the
rules for the introduction of these resolutions was
lost—Mr. Fillmore voting adverse to the motion
to suspend the rules, and against the South, and j
in company with Adams and Giddings.
On the same day, Mr. Slade, of Vermont, moved
resolutions against the slave trade between the
District of Columbia and the States; against the
same trade between the States; and in favor of
receiving, debating, printing, and referring Abo-
lition petitions. On the motion to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing these resolu-
tions, which was lost, Mr. Fillmore again voted
against the South, in favor of suspending the
rules, and in company with Adams and Giddings.
On the 31st of December, 1839, Mr. Coles moved
to suspend the rules, for the purpose of moving a i
resolution against the reception of Abolition peti- j
tions; which motion was lost; Mr. Fillmore i
Toting againd-l a suspension of the rules, and in ;
company with Adams and Giddings. j
On the 28th of January, 1840, the famous 21st ;
rule was adopted, which precluded the reception I
or entertainment in any way of an Abolition peti-
tion. On adopting this rule Mr. Fillmore again
voted against the South, in the negative. j
On the 9th of December, 1840, Mr. Adams, of
Massachusetts, moved a repeal of this last rule.
Mr. Jenifer, of Maryland, moved to lay the mo- i
tion on the table; which was carried; Mr. Fill- :
more voting in the negative against the South. [
On the 21st of January, 1841, Mr. Adams pre- 1
sented an Abolition petition. Mr. Connor moved
to lay a part of it, not embraced within the effect ;
of the 21st rule, on the table. On the votes taken j
in reference to this petition, Mr. Fillmore's name
is found with those of Adams and Giddings, and !
against the South. !
On the 21st of January, 1842, Mr. Adams pre-
sented an Abolition petition praying the natural-
ization of free-negro foreigners, and that they be
allowed to hold real estate. Mr. Wise moved to
lay its reception on the table; which motion was
carried. Mr. Fillmore again voted against the
South, in the negative.
On the 12th of December, 1842, Mr. Adams
called up his motion to rescind the 2lst rule. Mr.
Johnson, of Maryland, moved to lay it on the
table; which motion was carried; Mr. Fillmore
again voting against the South; in the negative.
On the 3d of January, 1843, Mr. Morgan moved
a resolution instructing the Committee on Terri-
tories to bring in a bill repealing a certain act of
the Territorial Legislature of Florida, preventing
the immigration of free negroes into that Terri-
tory. Mr. Black moved to lay the resolution on
the table; which was carried; Mr. Fillmore again
voting against the South, in the negative.
These votes, covering every year of his con-
i gressional service after the slavery agitation com-
menced, and with which all his votes harmonize,
show plainly enough where Mr. Fillmore stood
at that time.
In 1838 he wrote the following letter:
[ Buffalo, October 17, 1838.
Sir : Your communication of the 15th instant, as chair-
man of a committee appointed by the " Anti-Slavery So-
, cietyof the county of Erie," has just come to hand. You
solicit my answers to the following interrogatories :
^ 1. Do you believe that petitions to Congress on the sub-
ject of slavery or on the slave trade ought to be received,
read, and respectfnlly considered by the representatives of
the people ?
2. Are you opposed to the annexation of Texas to the
Union, under any circumstances, so long as slaves are held
therein ?
3. Are you in favor of Congress exerting all the constitu-
tional power it possesses to abolish the internal slave trade
between the States ?
4. Are you in favor of immediate legislation for the abo-
lition of slavery in the District of Columbia ?
I am much engaged, and have no time to enter into au
, argument, or to explain at length my reasons for my opin-
ion. I shall therefore content myself for the present by an-
swering.all your interrogatories in the affirmative, and leave
for some future occasion a more extended discussion of the
subject.
I am respectfully, your obedient servant,
MILLAKD FILLMORE.
W. Mills, Esq., Chairman.
In 1847, as a candidate of the comptrollership,
he was the head of the New York State Whig
ticket, which was run upon a platform which pro-
claims, " since the crisis has arrived when the
question must be met, uncompromising hostility
to the extension of slavery into any territory now
j free, or which may hereafter be acquired by any
j action of the Government of tour Union."
In 1848 we find him instigating Hon. N. K.
Hall, his law partner, and special political friend,
afterwards his Postmaster General, to move a
resolution here, which has more practical Aboli-
tionism in it than any proposition ever agitated
in Congress. The resolution I am about to read
was prepared by Mr. Hall, in concert with Mf.
Fillmore, and was fully approved by Mr. Fill-
more.
On the 28th of February, 1848, Hon. N. K."
Hall, of New York, offered the following resolu-
tion in the House:
" Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, and
they are hereby, directed to report to this House, with all
convenient speed,a biH iejteaUntfill laws of Congress, and
abrogating, so to aBttey are operative or in force in the
District of Columbia, all laws of the State of Maryland
whfdti authorize or require the courts, officers, or magis-
trates of the United States, or of said District, within the
District of Columbia, to issue process for arrest, or commit
to the jail of the said District any runaways or other slave
or fugitive from service, or colored person claimed as such,
except on due complaint and proof of, or on conviction for,
some crime or misdemeanor, the commission of which by
any free white person would authorize in the same man-
ner the arrest, commitment, and detention of such whfta
person in like manner charged with or convicted thereof."—
Congressional Globe, vol. 18, p. 390.
This resolution is preceded by an elaborate pre-
amble, in which, among other things, it is de-
clared that the use of the jails in the District of
Columbia for the detention of fugitive slaves is
" repugnant to the feelings of a large majority of
the people of the United States."
In 1848, Mr. Fillmore was nominated and elected
Vice President on the same ticket with General
Taylor. The suggestion that he might receive
this nomination, was a matter of consideration
and discussion for some time before it was made,
by Mr. Fillmore and his friends. As a question
of personal interest, Mr. Fillmore hesitated and
wavered in deciding whether to solicit this nom-
ination, or to reserve himself as a candidate for the
United States Sena'torship. On one point, his
mind was made up from first to last. He would
not accept the vice presidential nomination, if
Mr. Clay was designated for the Presidency. He
had early adopted the opinion that Mr. Clay was
unpopular and unavailable. So.tfyiirking, he got
up and managed a caucus of the New York mem-
bers of Congress in 183f>, which a letter was
agreed upon and signet| TWjr. Mitchell only dis-
senting, advising the delegation in the
Harrisburg Conveati®", to bring out General
Harrison, and notMr. Clay, for the campaign of
1840. He retained the same opinion of Mr Clay'?
unavailability 1848, which was increased by
his apprthensions that Mr. Clay 5s declarations in
