1356.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1223
34th Cong....1st Sess. Presidential Question—Kansas Affairs—Mr. Matteson.
Ho. of Reps.
was a base violation of one of the most solemn compacts
#ver (brined aiming men ; that its destruction was effected
through the most heartless political profligacy, to circum-
scribe the area of freedom, and to gratify the lowest ambi-
tion ; that it has destroyed the confidence of one section of
the nation in the good faith of the other ; has opened the
door to endless abuses, and overspread the land with the
most calamitous evils; has invented plausible excuses for
arson, robbery, and murder, and shut out the sweet light of
liberty from a large and fertile section of our country."
When addressing the committee in 1854, on the
occasion to which I have referred, I made the
following prediction:
" I assure gentlemen on this floor that, if the Missouri
compromise shall he repealed, there will then be no com-
promises worth having.
•' If the bill should pass, it will be the last of all compro-
mises.
" Not a slave State will be admitted from Nebraska or
Kansas."
I farther stated, in relation to the operation of
the bill, "that the pretense of self-government,
so loudly proclaimed as being provided in the
bill, was unworthy of notice." Notwithstanding
my opinions were thus firm and decided at that
time, I had never conceived an idea that such
gross outrages as have been since enacted could
be perpetrated in any land where law and order
were at all known, or civilization, in its modern
form, had ever been attempted. I felt, indeed,
entirely convinced that the whole scheme of open-
ing the Territory to a struggle of slavery against
freedom was of itself an unmitigated outrage,
and the pretense of self-government was a decep-
tion upon the northern section of the Union; and
I felt, too, that the Executive of the nation, in
his eagerness for a retention of the power which
had been so unwisely placed in his hands, look-
ing to those for whose special benefit he had been
acting, would do anything he could with the least
possible regard to propriety, or the rights of the
people; but the extent to which the Executive
compliance could be carried I was not prepared
for. Why, sir, I wish the so-called laws of
Kansas could be read by every constituent of
mine, that they might learn what depth of de-
basement can be reached for the extension of the
curse of slavery. Such enactments should never
be dignified by the name of laws; for laws are
defined to be the will of a people " commanding
what is right, and prohibiting what is wrong-,
but the laws of Kansas are a mountain of un-
mingled wrong. What better could have been
expected from those who were unscrupulous
enough, in their eager desire for the extension of
slavery and the continuance of power, to trample
down a settlement which had been in existence
the third of a century, and that, too, in defiance
and derogation of a solemn pledge entered into
by the South as late as 1851, by which Robert
Toombs, Alexander H. Stephens, Howell Cobb,
and others, in the name of the South, with its
assent, agreed that they " would not support for
the office of President, Vice President, or of Sen-
ator, or of Representative in Congress, or as a
member of a State Legislature, any man, of what-
ever party, who is not known to be opposed to
the disturbance of the compromise of 1850, and
to the renewal, in any form, of agitation upon
the subject of slavery hereafter." This pledge,
headed with the name of Henry Clay, will be
found at page 430 of Appendix to the Congressional
Globe, volume 29. But, sir, executive patronage,
the power of the slave oligarchy, and northern
doughfaceism, were too powerful to be resisted,
and the Compromise of 1820 fell. Slavery had
before clutched all of the Louisiana purchase
south of 36° 30' north latitude, as well as the
State of Missouri, and the rest of that purchase
lying north of that line was also seized.
The South was not content with all the terri-
tory purchased of foreign Powers since the adop-
tion of the Constitution, except California, (and
that is only nominally free, for from the day of
her admission into the Union, with the single
exception of Senator Fremont, every Senator and
Representative from that State has voted and acted
with the slave States,) but they must seize Kan-
sas and Nebraska. The territory thus acquired,
at an expense of more than six hundred millions
of dollars, has been converted into five slave
States, with their, representation in this and the
other wing of the Capitol.
Please take notice, now, that the first step in
this nefarious scheme was the attempt to repeal
the restriction of 1820 by stealth. For the man-
ner in which it was thus attempted to be accom-
plished I refer to the remarks made by me at the
time, to the same volume I have before referred
to, at page 431. A Senator from Kentucky being,
j however, bolder than the other actors, proposed
a direct, open, and bold repeal. This, at first,
threw consternation into their ranks, but they
soon rallied and adopted his measure as a sub-
stitute for their own deceptive one; then they
assumed the new ground, that slavery could not
go into that Territory; it could not exist in a re-
gion so far northward. They did not intend
slavery should go there; oh, no ! they only pro-
posed to assert a principle, and thereby take the
agitation of slavery out of the Halls of Congress,
, and allow the people to govern themselves. This
plausible ground was taken in the Senate by Sen-
ators Douglas, Butler, Badger, and many
others. Senator Badger went even a step further;
and, although I have once before quoted a sen-
tence from his speech, I cannot refrain from refer-
ring to it again. The Senator said, (to be found
at page 433 of the volume last cited:)
" Why, therefore, if some southern gentleman wishes to
take the nurse to take charge of the little baby, or the old
woman that nursed him in childhood, and whom he called
' mammy,' until he retumedfrom college, and perhaps after-
wards, too, and whom he wishes to take with him in her
old age, when he is moving into one of these Territories for
the betterment of the fortune of his whole family, why, in
the name of God, should anybody prevent it ?"
Just listen to this! Mammy has to be taken
to take care of the college boy, that is all." Can
it be, that Atchison, Stringfellow, Buford, Pate,
and their confederates, were the college boys that
the Senator, in his simplicity of benevolence and
prophecy, alluded to ? Suppose the same means
should be used, and the same pretenses made, by
any gentleman on this floor, to you, Mr. Chair-
man, for the purpose of obtaining your property,
however small in amount or value, that were
made to seize upon Kansas ? It would be unpar-
liamentary in me to state what the punishment
would be, even in this District. But enough of
this. Let me trace the development of the de-
signs of these men against the liberties of Kan-
sas, step by step, until the crowning act of expel-
ling, by order of the President of the United States,
on the eightieth anniversary of our national inde-
pendence, the Legislature of the new and provis-
ional State of Kansas at the point of the bayonet,
when assembled to deliberate on the wrongs en-
dured by their people, and petition Congress for
relief. This expulsion, mark you, took place the
dayafter the Representatives of the people of this
Republic, here in this Chamber, had proclaimed
their will that Kansas should take her place among
the galaxy of the thirty-one States of this Federal
Union.
Soon after the passage of the law repealing the
compromise of 1820, many people of the North,
under the invitations held out in that act, and
believing that those who enacted it designed that
the Territory should be governed by laws of their
own enacting, were confiding enough in presi-
dential integrity and southern honor to remove
to the Territory, with their goods, chattels, and
families, and to assist in peopling that vast region
of country, equal in extent to six States of
average size within the Union. These new in-
habitants of Kansas were willing to accept the
proffered boon, although they had protested
against the abrogation of the ancient guarantee
of freedom, and they went there to establish for
themselves equal laws, institutions of learning,
and a true and just system of government. Now,
sir, had it not been that the northern people had
become aroused by the aggressions of that repeal,
this very Hall, and these seats around me, would
have been filled anew, as they had so often been
before filled, with new specimens of the old race
of doughfaces, which, God be praised, seems
now fast becoming extinct. It has been well said
of monsters, " They cannot propagate their spe- jj
cies." Had not this law of nature applied to j
political as to other rules, the distinguished gen- Ij
tleman who now fills the Speaker's ciiair would i<
never have attained that eminence. If he had I
not been chosen Speaker, no committee would IJ
have been raised to probe and lay bare the dis- j:
graceful proceedings in Kansas in a form to be (j
read,understood,and examined by fifteen millions |i
of free people. To that committee this House
and the whole country are vastly indebted for the
industry and ability with which they have dis-
charged the trust confided to them.
I will now examine and show with what un-
wavering perseverance their original plan of con-
signing that devoted Territory to the evils which
attend a system where domestic bondage is estab-
lished as a political institution has been pursued;
and while doing so I shall endeavor to expose
their flimsy pretexts for such conduct. These
pretexts are all on a level, and comport in all re-
spects with the original scheme. There is nothing
truthful—nothing honorable—about them; all are
cloaked with hypocrisy as with a mantle. Would
the citizen or subject of a foreign state, unac-
quainted with the character of slavery, believe
tnat such things could be enacted in this Republic,
distinguished by so many virtues and achieve-
ments, under such shallow subterfuges? Why,
all this outrage and crime has been committed
under the pretense that the emigrant aid societies
from the East were endeavoring to keep Kansas
from being enslaved. This is the whole of it;
and the actors in the drama of crime attempt to
make the country believe that the " border ruf-
fians" are really afraid of a peaceable body of
honest settlers, whom they stigmatize as " New
England psalm-singing, praying, pious people."
That there shall be no misunderstanding of the
schemes and plans of the abettors who, under the
most fraudulent pretenses, have involved the
country in civil war, I beg to read from page 2 of
the report of the Kansas committee.
" Within a few days after the organic law passed, and as
soon as its passage could be known on the border, leading
citizens of Missouri crossed into the Territory, held squat-
ter meetings, and then returned to their homes. Among
their resolutions are the following:
" ' That we will afford protection to no Abolitionist as a
settler of this Territory.'
" ' That we recognize the institution of slavery as already
existing in this Territory, and advise slaveholders to intro-
duce their property as early as possible.'
" Similar resolutions were passed in various parts of the
Territory, and by meetings in several counties in Missouri.
Thus the first effect of the repeal of the restriction against
slavery was to. substitute the resolves of squatter meetings,
composed almost exclusively of citizens of a single State,
for the deliberate action Of Congress, acquiesced in for
thirty-fire years."
So much alarmed about the incursions of an
anti-slavery society ! Let us see whether they
themselves believed any of these allegations, and
whether all these pretenses were not made «p few
the purposes of covering up and averting from
the public gaze the operations and schemes of
their own wicked and treasonable associations.
That the reader may fully understand what
never would have been publicly known, except
in the labors of this committee, I proceed to read
from the third page of their report:
" In October, A. D. 1854, Governor A. H. Reeder, and the
other officers appointed by the President, arrived in the Ter-
ritory. Settlers trom all parts of the country were moving
in in great numbers, making their claims, and building their
cabins. About the same time, and before any election was,
or could be, held in the Territory, a secret political society
was formed m the State of Missouri. It was known by
different names, such as ' Social Band,'' Friends'Society,'
' Blue Lodge,' • The Sons of the South.' Its member* were
bound together by secret oaths, and tliey had pass-words,
signs, and grips, by which they were known to each other;
penalties were Imposed for violating the rules and secrets
of the order; written minutes were kept of the proceedings
of the lodges, and the different lodges were connected
together by an effective organization. It embraced great
numbers of the citizens of Missouri, and was extended into
other slave States, and into the Territory. Its n,vowed
purpose was, not only to extend slavery into Kansas, but
also into other Territories of the United States, and to form
a union of all the friends of that institution. Its plan of
operating was to organize and send men to vote at the elec -
tions in the Territory, to collect money to pay their ex-
penses, and, if necessary, to protect them in voting. It also
proposed to induce pro-slavery men to emigrate into the
Territory, to aid and sustain them while there, and to elect
none to office but those friendly to their views. This dan-
gerous society was controlled by men who avowed their
purpose to extend slavery into the Territory at all hazards,
and was altogether the most effective instrument in organ-
izing the subsequent armed invasions and forays. In its
lodges in Missouri the affairs of Kansas were discussed.
The force necessary to control the election was divided into
bands, and leaders selected. Means were collected, and
signs ard badges were ajprefld upon. VV lnle the great body
of the actual settlers of the Territory were reiving upon the
rights secured to them by the organic law, and had lorrued
no organization or combination whatever, even ot a p<ii'ty
character, this conspiracy against their rights was gathering
strength in a neighboring State, and would have b.'.-n Mifh-
cient at their first election to have overpowered tiicin, even
if they bad been united to a man."
