1234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August T,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Presidential Question—Kansas Affairs—Mr. Matteson.
Ho. or Reps.
These were the first fruits of the repeal of the
compact of 1820.
But, sir, the consequenceajof repealing the com-
promise of 1820 are not alone felt in Kansas.
What scenes have been witnessed in this city
during the present session, at the breakfast table,
on the avenue, and in the Senate chamber ? A
Senator, for words spoken in debate, in his place
in the Senate Chamber, when unarmed and un-
protected, struck senseless; a waiter at a hotel,
for an honest freedom, shot down; an editor, for
criticism of debate, while unsuspecting danger,
attacked and beaten on the avenue; and all these
offenses committed by members of this House.
The city of Lawrence burned down, its principal
buildings bombarded, its inhabitants dispersed
and murdered, the Delegate from that Territory
leaving his seat here and being there at the time
of these occurrences; and all these things either
openly sustained or mildly punished. These are
some of the fruits which the wisest and the purest
men of the land feared Would flow from that un-
wise act of repealing the act made to protect the
Territories of Nebraska and Kansas from the in-
cursions of slavery.
The enslavers of Kansas failed to send to this
House members enough to seize upon its organ-
ization, and to dispatch into the country a com-
mittee who could neither be cajoled norintimidated
in the discharge of their duty. The committee
has dragged to the gaze of day scenes of oppres-
sion, murder, treason, and all the concomitant
crimes that must consign to infamy the actors.
What but the report of that committee, the evi-
dence brought out, with the use made of it by a
Senator of the Empire State, who stands guard
at all times with sleepless vigilance on thd watch-
towers of liberty,—what but the action of that
Committee caused the late Cincinnati Democratic
Convention to disown the authors and abettors of
the outrage, and seek for a man as their standard-
bearer who was in a foreign land at the time of
■its perpetration, and therefore could prove an j
alibi ? What but the action of this committee !
caused those who but a short time before assumed
that no State of Kansas could be safely admitted
•without a population of ninety-four thousand
seven hundred people, to suddenly abandon that
•proposition, and wheel square around in favor of
organizing on the 4th day of July last? I might j
enlarge here on many other changes that " came j
®'er the spirit of their dream," but I pass on to ,
trace their onward course.
I pass over the perjuries and frauds committed j
at the first election, on the 29th of November, !
1854, for a Delegate to Congress, simply inviting
attention to the report I have referred to. from .
page 3 to 8, and come to the election held on the !
30th of March, 1845, for members of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory. On this election :
depend all the laws which the President has in-
formed the country must be obeyed, which an
army has been stationed in Kansas to enforce, ■
under which, by an unscrupulous judge and cor-
rupt officers, citizens have been indicted for trea-
son, and are now lying in chains, and under
which laws an election was held, and the Dele- '
gate elected held his ssat in this Hall until the
1st instant, when he was unseated by this side
of the House, the Democratic party, with but
few exceptions, sustaining him.
And here permit me to say, that I know of no ;
language adequate to describe the depth of infamy
to which the actors, in extending slavery into
that Territory, descended. There is no crime of
which they were not guilty; and had we nottheevi-
,<Lence in the most incontrovertible form, it would
be hardly possible to believe the truth. I must
.content myself by quoting very briefly from the
report a few passages. Speaking of residents of
Missourij the committee says, on page 9 of the
"report:
" By an organized movement, which extended from
Andrew county in the north to Jasper county in the south,
and as far eastward as Boone and Cole counties, Missouri,
companies of men were arranged in irregular parties and
sent into every council district in the Territory, and into
ecery representative district bid one. The numbers were so
distributed as to control the election in each district. They
went to vote, and with the avowed design to make Kansas
a slave State. They were generally armed and equipped,
carried with them their own provisions and tents, and so
marched into the Territory. The details of this inwaion
form the mass of the testimony taken by four committee,
and is so voluminous that we can here state but the lead-
ing facts elicited."
In regard to the first district, the committee, on
! page 10, say:
i " The evening before and the morning of the day of elec-
tion, about one thousand- men from the above counties
arrived at .Lawrence and camped in a ravine a short dis-
tance from town, near the place of voting. They came in
wagons (of which there were over one hundred) and on
horseback, under the command of Colonel Samuel Young,
of Boone county, Missouri, and Claiborne F. Jackson, of
Missouri. They were armed with guns, rifles, pistols, and
bowie-knives; and had tents, music, and flags with them.
They brought with them two pieces of artillery, loaded with
musket balls. On their way to Lawrence some of them
met Mr. N. B. Bianton, who had been appointed one of the
judges of election by Governor Reeder, and, after learning
from him that he considered it his duty to demand an oath
from them as to their place of residence, first attempted to
bribe him, and then threatened him with hanging, in order
to induce him to dispense with that oath. In consequence
of these threats he did not appear at the polls the next
morning to act as judge."
Again, at page 11:
" The Missourians brought their tickets with them; but
not having enough, they had three hundred more printed on
the evening before and on the day of election. They had
white ribbon in their button holes, to distinguish themselves
from the settlers.
" The Missourians sometimes came up to the polls in
procession, two by two, and voted."
Again, at page 12:
" Before the voting commenced, the Missourians said if
the judges appointed by the Governor did not receive their
votes, they would choose other judges. Some of them voted
several times, changing their hats or coats, and coming tip
to the window again. They said jthey intended to vote first,
and after they had got through the others could vote. Some
I of them claimed a right to vote under the organic act, from
I the fact that their mere presence in the Territory constituted
them residents, though they were from Missouri, and had
homes in Missouri. Others said they had a right to vote
because Kansas belonged to Missouri, and people from the
East had no right to settle in the Territory and vote there.
" The Missourians said there would be.no difficulty if the
citizens did not interfere with their voting j but they were
determined to vote, peaceably if they could, but vote any
how. They said each one of them was prepared for eight
rounds without loading, and would go to the ninth round
j with the butcher-knife."
Again, at page 13:
I " On their way home they said thai if Governor Reeder
did not sanction the election they would hang him."
Again, the committee sum up their conclusion
upon the election in this district, by saying:
" The whole number of namas appearing upon the poll-
I lists is one thousand and thirty-four. After lull examina-
tion, we are satisfied that not over two hundred and thirty-
two of these were legal voters, and .eigbt hundred and two
I were non-residents and illegal votere. This, district is
strongly in favor of making Kansas a free State, and there
is no "doubt that the free-State candidates for the Legisla-
ture would have been elected by large majorities, if none
but the actual settlers had voted. At the preceding elec-
tion in November, 1854, where none but legal votes were
polled, General Whitfield, who received the full strength
of the pro-slavery party, got but forty-flve votes."
1 In reference to the second district, the commit-
tee say, at pages 13, 14, 15, and 16, of their
i report: >
1 "On the morning of election, the judges appointed by the
: Governor appeared and opened the polls. Their names
I were Harrison Burson, Nathaniel Ramsey, and Mr. Ellison.
The Missourians began to come in early in the morning,
| some five hundred or six hundred of them in wagons and
j carriages, and on horseback, under the lead of Samuel j.
! Jones, then postmaster of Westport, Missouri, Claiborne
F. Jackson and Mr. Steeley, of Independence, Missouri,
i They were armed with double barreled guns, rifles, bowie-
knives, and pistols, and had flags hoisted. They held a sort
of an informal election off at one side, at first for Governor
of Kansas Territory, and shortly afterwards announced
Thomas Johnson, of Shawnee Mission, elected Governor.
] The polls had been opened but a short time, when Mr. Jones
1 marched with the crowd up to the window, and demanded
' that they should be allowed to vote, without swearing as to
their residence. After some noisy and threatening talk,
: Claiborne F. Jackson addressed the crowd, saying they
i had come there to vote; that they had a right to vote if
1 they had been there but five minutes, and he was not will-
l ing to go home without voting; which was received with
j cheers. Jackson then called upon them to form into little
1 bands of fifteen or twenty, which they did, and went to an
ox wagon filled with guns, which were distributed among
tbem, and proceeded to load some of them on the ground.
" In pursuance of Jackson's request, they tied white tape
or ribbons in their button-liolcj, so as to distinguish tliein
from the ' Abolitionists.' They again demanded that the
judges should resign ; and upon their refusing to do so,
smashed in the window, sash and all, and presented their
pistols and guns to them, threatening to shoot them. Some
one on the outside cried out to them not to shoot, as
there were pro-slavery men in the house with the judges.
I They then put a pry under the corner of the house, which
i was a log-house, and lifted it up a few inches and let it
j fall again, but desisted upon being told there were pro-
ji slavery men in the house. During this time the crowd re-
|l peatedly demanded to be allowed to vote without being
U sworn, and Mr. Ellison, one of the judges, expressed him-
self willing, but the other two judges refused ; whereupon
a body of men, headed by sheriff Jones, rushed into the
judges' room with cocked pistols and drawn bowie knives
in their hands, and approached Burson and Ramsey. Jones
pulled out his watch and said he would give him five min-
utes to resign in, or die. When the five minutes had ex-
pired and the judges did not resign, Jones said he would
give them another minute and no more. Ellison told his
associates that if they did not resign there would be on*
hundred shots fired in the room in less than fifteen minutes,
and then snatching up the ballot-box ran out into the crowd,
holding up the ballot-box and hurrahing for Missouri. About
that time Burson and Ramsey were called out by their
friends, and not suffered to return. As Mr. Burson went
out he put the ballot poll-books in his pocket and took them
with him, and as he was going out Jones snatchcd some
papers away from him, and shortly afterwards came out
himself, holding them up, crying 'Hurrah for Missouri!'
After he discovered tliey were not the poll-books, he took
a party of men with him and started off to take the poll-
books from Burson. When Mr. Burson saw them coming,
he gave the books to Mr. Umberger and told him to start off
in another direction, so as to mislead Jones and his party.
Jones and his party caught Mr. Umberger, took the poll-
books away from him, and Jones took him up behind him
on a horse and carried him back a prisoner.
"After Jones and his party had taken Umberger back, they
went to the house of Mr. Ramsey and took Judge John A.
Wakefield prisoner, and carried him to the place of election,
and made him get up on a wagon and there make a speech,
after which they put a white ribbon in his button-hole and
let him go. They then chose two new judges and proceeded
with the election. They also threatened to kill the judges
if they did not receive their votes without swearing them,
or else resign. , They said no man should vote yvho would
submit to be sworn; that they would kill any man who
would offer to do so ; "shoot him " cut his guts out,"
&c. They said no man should vote this day unless he voted
an open ticket, and was all right on the goose ; and that if
they could not vote by fair means, they would by foul
means. They said they had as much right to vote if they
had been in the Territory two minutes, as if they had been
there two years, and they would vote. Some of the citi-
zens who were about the window, but had not voted when
the crowd of Missourians marched up there, upon attempt-
ing to vote were driven back by the mob, or driven off.
One of them, Mr. I. M. Mace, was asked if he would take
an oath ; and upon replying that he would if the judges re-
quired it, he was dragged through the crowd away from the
polls, amid cries of' kill the damned nigger thief,' ' cut his
throat,' ' tear his heart out,' &c. After they got him to the
outside of the crowd, they stood around him with cocked
revolvers and drawn bowie knives; one man putting a
knife to bis breast so that it touched; another holding a
cocked pistol to his ear, while another struck at him with
a club. ,
"The MissouHans said theyMd a right to vote, if they
had been in the Territory but five minutes. Some said
the^ had teen hired to come there and vote, and got a dol-
lar a day, and by God they would vote, or die there.
" Thfey said the 30th day of March was an important day,
as Kansas would be made a slave State on that day. They
began to leave iu the direction of Missouri in the afternoon,
after they had voted, leaving, some thirty or forty around
the house where the election was held, to guard the polls
until After the election was over. The citizens of the Ter-
ritory wbre not armed, except those who took part in the
mob, and a large portion of them did not vote. Three liiut-
dred and forty-one votes were polled there that day, of
which but some thirty were citizens. A protest against the
election was got up and sent to the Governor. The returns
of the election made to the Governor were lost by the
.committee of election of the Legislature at Pawnee.
" The duplicate returns left i® the ballot-box were taken
by F. E. Lahy, one ofthe judges electid by the Missourians,
and were either lost or destroyed in his house, so that yonr
committee have been unable, to institute a comparison
between the poll lists and census returns of this district.
The testimony is uniform, that not over thirty of those who
voted there that day were entitled to vote, leaving three
hundred and eleven illegal votes. We are satisfied from
the testimony, that had the actual settlers alone voted, the
free-State candidates would have been elected by a hand-
some majority."
I will not make any further extracts from this
evidence, but refer to the whole volume for ex-
amination, that it may be seen to what extent
counterfeit, spurious popular sovereignty was car-
ried by the invaders. Prior to the appointment
of the committee, the slavery extension party de-
nied that such crimes had been committed, and
such denial was believed by many of the northern
Democracy, who are accustomed only to see one
side of the question. The committee sum up
in a table, at page 30, that in the eighteen flis-
tricts the entire number of illegal votes oast was
four thousand nine hundred and eight, and of legal
votes one thousand four hundred and ten; and
this is the Legislature, thus chosen by an invad-
ing army from Missouri, whose laws are sought
to be enforced, and which the party on the other
side of this Hall insist must be obeyed.
It is insisted that, whatever may have been the
character of the voters, whether citizens of Kan-
sas or Missouri, South Carolina or Alabama, the
election was ratified by Governor Reeder. I will
not stop to inquire what Governor Reeder did,
or did not. I care nothing about his acts; it is
for us in this Hall, when the evidence in a legal
