1S56.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1225
31th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Presidential Question—Kansas Affairs—Mr. Matteson.
Ho. of Reps.
form is placed before us, to judge and act for our- 11
selves. We are to take our own course, irre- i
stvonve of the act i f an agent appointed by the '
Pn suiem, who, unquestionably, at the time of his
atr.vT.tunten;, was supposed to be of that plastic
liio J which could be used in any state of cir-
cumstances which might occur. To say that, be-
cause of i lie act of such an officer, we are estopped
from alleging that that Legislature is a usurpa-
tion, is aosurd. Th eelection under the circum-
stances was foiti.
1 proceed now to show what this pretended
Legislature, thus chosen by ruffianism from Mis-
souri, assumed to do with the law-making power,
and 1 shall quote entire some of those enactments.
Wli y, sir, when a pamphlet copy of those laws
was first shown in this Hall, honorable gentlemen
from the -South expressed their disbelief in the
existence of any such enactments. They could
not for a moment imagine that in a country
claiming to be civilized such laws could be made
by any class of men, however depraved.
* We hear much from orators on the anniversary
of what has generally been called Independence
d v, and yet on that very day, in the year 1856,
the Army of the United States drove from their
halls of deliberation a free people, who had only
met to deliberate upon measures for their wel-
fare.
I quote from the " Laws of the Territory of
Kansas," published by order of Congress, at
page 438, an oath required to be taken by all
officers:
'• Sec. 1. Jill officers elected or appointed under any ex-
isting or subsequently enacted laws ot' this Territory, shall
take and subscribe the following oath of office : ' I , do
sfilcumiv swear upon the holy Evangelists of Almighty
God. that 1 will support the Constitution of the United
State-, and that I will support and sustain the provisions of
ail act enii'led-Ail act to organize the Territories of Ne-
braska an.I Kansa*.' anil the provisions of the. law of the
l'mted St-ite* commonly known as the 'Fugitive Slave
Law.' and faithfully and impartially, and to the best of my
ability, demean myseli in the discharge of lny duties in the
office of ; so .help me God.' "
This would seem to be bad enough, but not to
be compared to other enactments which I will re-
fer to.
The section which I next quote would consign
to the penitentiary two thirds of this House, and
more than twelve millions of people inhabiting
the free States—strike out of existence the Dec-
laration of Independence, and abolish the Bible:
•'If any free person, by speaking, or by writing, assert or
mawtain'that persons hare iiot the right to hold staves intJiis
Territory, or shall introduce into this Territory, print, pub-
lish. write. circulate, or cause to be introduced into this ,
Ternlorv, written, printed, published, or circulated, in this
Territory, any book, paper, magazine, pamphlet, or circu-
lar, confirming any dental of the right of persons to hold
tlavcs in this Territory, such per-on« shall be deemed
otilty ok felony, and punished by imprisonment at hard
labor for a term of not less than two years." ]
Enough has been shown to give character to
the whole; and I beg of those who have leisure |
to examine those statutes, copied verbatim from ;
the laws of the State from which the invaders
came that caused their enactment. I might cite
many more, equally subversive of the rights of
the citizen, but have not the time now, within the
hour allotted to me, to do so.
I now proceed, sir, to examine and learn in
what manner the chief Executive Officer of this
Government has treated this people, and to what
extent he has lent his power and official position
to "crush out" the spirit of liberty and freedom
among that gallant people, and the #>rbearance
shown to them under their accumulated wrongs.
Upon the assembling of the present Congress,
it was supposed by those whose confidence nad
not been entirely withdrawn from the President,
that he would, in his annual message, give to
Congress a true statement of the condition of the
country, as it was his constitutional duty to do.
He says in that message:
" In the Territory of Kansas there have been acts preju-
dicial to good order, but as yet none have occurred under
circumstances to justify the interposition of the Federal
Executive. That could only be in case of obstruction to
Federal law, or of organized resistance to territorial law,
as<-mnine the character of insurrection, which, it it should
occur, it would be my duty promptly to overcome and sup-
press. 1 cherub the hope, however, that the occurrence
of any such untoward event will be prevented by the sound
scn.-e of tlie people of the Territory, who, by its oiganic
Uiv, po^e^ing the right to determine their own domestic
institutions, are entitled, while deporting themselvesi peace-
fully, to tbe free exercise of that right, and must be pro-
tected in the enjoyment of it, without interference on the
part of the citizens of any of the States."
What bitter mockery to that people, to inform
them that they possess the right to determine their
own domestic institutions, when he well knew that
most of the southern wing of the Democratic
party maintain that the people of Kansas had no
such right, and, on the contrary, insist that the
stars and stripes carry slavery wherever they
float, and that the Constitution protects it where
ever it is recognized, and that slavery existed in
Kansas at the very moment of the repeal of the
Missouri restriction. The President knew right
well, when he penned that message, that all rights
of the freemen of that Territory had been disre-
garded and trampled under foot by an army for-
eign to its soil, and that the slave power had,
with unbroken unanimity, sustained the authors
and abettors of that act. Had not these people,
thus wronged, a right to other sympathy than to
be thus ironically told that they had the right to
determine their own domestic institutions, when
they were thus manacled ?
But, not content with this, the President pro-
ceeded, inasmuch as he supposed, undoubtedly,
that it would be agreeable to those who have
since cast him aside as an instrument worn out
and worthless, to arraign the people of fifteen in-
dependent, sovereign States in a manner more
offensive than President ever before ventured to
use, seeming to forget that he was the President of
all the United States, and, seemingly, acting as
if he was only President of fifteen slave States,
and master of the other fifteen free States, (I do
not include California,) using such language as
only masters are accustomed to use to their slaves, ;
and calling them " men of narrow views and sec-
tional purposes," " engaged in those wild and chi-
merical schemes of social change which are gen-
erated one after another in the unstable minds of
visionary sophists and interested agitators,"
" mad men, raising the storm of frenzy and fac-
tion," "sectional agitators," "enemies of the
Constitution, who have surrendered themselves
so far to a fanatical devotion to the supposed in-
terests of the relatively few Africans in the United
States as totally to abandon and disregard the
interests of the twenty-five millions of Americans,
and trample under foot the injunctions of moral
and constitutional obligation, and to engage in
plans of vindictive hostility against those who
are associated with them in the enjoyment of the j
common heritage of our free institutions,"
Had not the President labored undef ti com-
plete hallucination on the subject of introducing
slavery into Kansas, for the gratification of his ,
southern masters, he could not have gone further j
in his eagerness to serve them than in his annual
message; but with this he or they were n6t con- j
tent, and without any call upon by Con-
gress, he volunteered to force officiously upon ;
that body, on January 24, 1856, a special mes-
sage, from which I make a very few extracts,
! but enough to stamp the character of the docu-
ment as unworthy of the Chief Magistrate of I
i this Union. Speaking of the Legislature so
, fraudulently elected, as I have before shown, he
| says:
| " Whatever irregularities may have occurred in tlie elec-
i tions, it seems too late now to raise that question. At all
| events, it is a question as to which neither now nor at any
previous time has the least possible legal authority been
j possessed by the President of the United States. For all
I present purposes, the legislative body, thus eonstitued and
i elected, was the legitimate Legislative Assembly of the
| Territory."
! Here we have the official sanction of the Pres-
ident of the United States to acts which would
disgrace the veriest savage that roams the wilds
of that Territory. Here he again threatens, and
subsequently carries out that threat, to sustain
those laws which have no more binding force upon
the people of Kansas Territory than if they had
been enacted by the Algerines or Hottentots:
" Entertaining these views, it will be my imperative duty
to exert the whole power of the Federal Executive to sup-
port public order in the Territory; to vindicate its laws,
whether Federal or local, against all attempts of organized
resistance, and so to protect its people in the establishment
of their own institutions, undisturbed by encroachment
from without, and in the full enjoyment of the rights of
self-government, assured to them by the Constitution and
the organic act of Congress."
I migh t en umerate thei r wrongs, wrongs greater
far than those which drove our ancestors to de-
clare themselves released from fealty to the British
crown, but time would fail me.
But bad as the Missourians are, unscrupulous
and unhesitating as they are in their acquisition
of power, and in the use of it when acquired,
they have some apology for all these offenses
against the laws of all well recognized and Chris-
tian communities; they were born, reared, and
from their infancy made familiar with scenes and
associations at which our nature revolts, and their
sensibilities become blunted to many of the finer
feelings of educated manhood. I say, sir, bad
as they are, I have much charity for their errors;
but for the cringing, crawling creatures in the
non-slaveholding States, who are called, in com-
mon parlance, dough-faces,-but whom I have no
language to describe, who
" Crook the pregnant hinges of the knee,
Where thrift may follow fawning "—
the very creatures whom the honorable southern
man, with all his prejudice, must loathe and de-
test, I have no charity in my nature, as I have
no respect. This class of beings should first be
disposed of by a healthy northern sentiment, be-
fore we are too severe upon those who feel that
their hold upon their property is only to be main-
tained by force and violence.
What will not the slave power next attempt ?
Witness tbe case of Underwood. Not one hun-
dred miles from where I am now speaking, almost
within sight of the CStpitol of this Republic, and
of the flag of the Union flying over it, a citizen
residing in the Ancient Dominion, perhaps in the
neighborhood of some of the first families, on the
13th of last month, attended at Philadelphia the
Republican convention, and took part in its de-
| liberations; and for this offense he was by the
slave power waylaid, Ifis dwelling surrounded
i by an unscrupulous mob, his life sought, and his
wife, a southern woman by birth, insulted, and
he forbidden to return to his peaceful home—and
driven from the possession of his estate, and
compelled to seek refuge in a northern State; and
to-day he is an outcast and a wanderer from the
land of Washington, Madison, Jefferson, Mon-
! roe, and Patrick Henry. All this, too, for no
! cause, but his attendance upon the deliberations
of as pure a body of men, those as much devoted
to the success of our Republican institutions, as
any body of men who have at any tim§ assem-
bled since the year 1776. ,:It is surprising, then,
that we have at the North those who do not
readily become slave apologists for the benefit of
the first families of our sister State?
That I may more fully illustrate my meaning,
! I ask you, sir, to refer this day to the three pres-
i idential candidates, in confirmation of what 1 say
! —two of them born in northern States and one of
them born in the South—and what is their po-
sition ? The candidate of one of the parties, in
his haste to reach presidential honors, informs
; the committee appointed to wait upon him and
; advise him of his nomination, that he consents to
sink his manhood, his intellect, his independence,
his freedom of speech, thought, and action, under
a partisan platform. I quote his own degrading
language: " I am no longer James Buchanan."
! What must the committee who heard that pledge
—most of them, I suppose, owning slaves—have
thought of this degradation? a more revolting con-
i fession than either of them has ever probably
heard made by one of his slaves.
What of the other candidate ? Commencing
j life an Abolitionist, accepting honor and distinc-
|: tion at the hands of honest anti-slavery senti-
i ment and a confiding constituency, the moment
' \ he reaches power, by the death of that true patriot
j and honest man, Zachary Taylor, no sacrifice
was too great to be made to perpetuate that power;
[j and having been laid aside, he again seeks it
I1 through extra-judicial and secret oaths. . And, in
ji his eagerness and anxiety to again occupy the
!! White House, he shamefully tells his fellow-citi-
zens that he advises the South, in case of the
i election of the Republican candidate to the Pres-
j idency, to dissolve the Union, to tear in pieces
that bond he professes to hold so dear, and for
! which he has shed. 80 many crocodile tears, and
! make this country, destined in time to be the
1 real asylum from oppression for all nations, a
i wilderness. This sentiment of his was not the
: ebullition of passion, it was deliberately uttered,
