1300
rW 'Vm, QJ.OBE.
[July '28,
34th Cong,... I st Sess.
yational Politics—r-AJr. Talhottf
Ho. of Reps.
No, sir, this is not the part I wish or intend to play
in the great political drama now being enacted
before the country. I not only desire to he a
faithful sentinel, outone also of the rank and file,
in the great army of defense. And 1 rise, now,
Mr. Chairman, to enlist in that army. I rise to
enlist for the war. I have buckled on my armor,
and never intend to take it off until the last foe-
man leaves the field, or I fall. I rise to take
my stand with the Democracy of the country,
against Know Nothing)sm, Black Republicanism,
and all the isms—to defend the Constitution and
the Union, against all aggression, innovation, or
infraction, come from what quarter it may—in
favor of freedom of thought,and freedom of speech,
freedom of the press, and freedom of suffrage,
freedom of religion, and the equality of rights—
the time-honored principles of the old Whig and
the old Democratic parties, which bave brought
us thus far so safely, so triumphantly, and so
gloriously, through every vicissitude of fortune.
It is here, as an independent Whig, I take my
stand: it is here the old Whig party stood.. It is
here the old Democratic party now stands; and
with them, and their time-honored principles, I,
intend to stand or fall. And if fall I must, my
last cry, in falling, shall be for, the Constitution
and the Union—the freedom of religion,, and the.
equality of rights.
To show you, Mr. Chairman j that I now, stand >
precisely where the old Whig party, as a party,.
stood in 1844, when Mr. Clay himself was a can-
didate for the Presidency, running against -Mr.
Pells, I wiU read * ~pream£>le and string of resol u-
tions- adopted at a maw meeting'of the Whigs of
Louisville, Kentucky, on the 27th day of July,.
1844  repudiating a Whig paper (the Louisville
Tribune) which had beau started.there, and fw^ich
they had previously indorsed, $ut, upon IJifi
appearance-of an article in that pape?, changing
upon the - Catholic church the identical .charges
npw prefened by the Know Nothing party.the
Whigs of''LouisviUe~met in ma^s,«(t4 passed the
following preamble.and resolutions, repudiating
both the article and the paper. They read as
follows:
'At amagtpieetingof the Whim of Louisville, convened
at the Whig Pa,Yilio , on the evening of the a'ftli instant,
for the purpqse of taking into consideration .the propriety
of wakkig pabtie expression of their opinions in relation to
tl^e eoupje of the Louisville Tiilmae, recently <wtat4> be<l
in tbiacity, professing to be a Whig newspaper, on mnttohpf
Nathaniel Wolfe, president of the Louisville Clay Club,
William J.' Graves was called to the chair. Thereupon Mr.
Woffo, after some explanatory remark*, Offered the fol-
lowing preamble and wriolutitMs, which weee unwioteuely
adopted:
"Whereas, a newspaper called "the Louisville Tribune,
recently established in this city, professing to' be a- Whig
paper, has published editorials and communications, one of
whidj was aigtked '.A Native American,' of a most astir,
repuhhcan character reflating upon tht Caiholiopartuation,
and especially the Catholic priesthood, charging litem with
hostility to American liberty: Be it therefore
" Retained, That the Whigs, as a party * utterly repudiate
and dotfnmce the anti-repuiilkian^ and unjuft, atfietUraS':
indulged by the Louisville Tribune towards, the. .OalljoJie
Church of this country.
' " Retohied, That the Whigs of this dty1 regard'the con- j
tinnd trparation of Ctanh uiut Stc^ejaa essenuaHo the per-
political demerta
lit*
l/ persuasions, • um u.. , i....... •  mn. >-■ 
on teheieu thi Profestonk and the Chtho-
1U*, wMubrersive of the beMmterestsofreligion* mid inimi-
perpeniiQr of ciyii and rolifibius Jibeity. , „
" ffetqlv&i, That.the Louisville Tribune, in the opinion of
this netting, is not a correct exponent of Whig principles,
and We heresy rescind a resolution adopted by us upon: the
estabiirtraeat ^f that p*pe*, that weehmtldsabacribe for
ana reeomn^a^ itm the support of the Whig party 
" WM. J. GRAVES, Chairman"
These resolutions repudiate and denounce the
Catholic- feature in the Know Nothing platform
antirjepublican. They-were offered
by Whigs j in a Whig meeting, in Mr. Clay 's
otwa State, under his own eye, by his own. friends,
and in the name and in behalf of the Whig party, 1
as-auclyami when Mr. Clay-himself was a can-
Qjdate for the Presidency. The jr any in the reso-
lutions that .they repudiate, as a- party, the unjuftt:
%nd anti-republican article, attd the paper ab- a
Whit paper'. They repudiate the article contain- I
i«g the charges against the Catholics as unjust,
anti-republican, andanti-Whig. So, then, Whig-!
geryin 1844, and Know Kothingism in 1856, are I
antipodal.
To show you now that this was not done I
against Air. Clay's .wishesand virws,I will read
from his own speeches, made in Congress, upon
the same subject. In Mr. Clay's speech on the
emancipation of South America, in speaking of
the Catholic religion, he says:
" They worship the same God that we do. Their prayers
are offered up, in their temples, to the same Redeemer
whose intercession we expect to save us. Nor is there
anything in the Catholic religion unfriendly to freedom."
In Mr. Clay's speech on American industry,
in 1^25, in alluding to the Catholic religion, he
says:
" I think the gentleman from Virginia does great injustice
to the Catholic religion in specifying that as one of the lead-
ing causes of the decline of Spain. It is a religion entitled
to great respect; and tltere is nothing in its character in-
compatible with the highest degree of national prosperity,
[s not Catholic Prance the most polished, and in many
other respects, the most distinguished, state of Christendom ?
Is not Flanders, the most populous part of Europe, also
Catholic ? Are the Catholic parts of Switzerland and Ger-
many less prosperous .than those which are Protestant."
You then see that Mr. Clay, the great leader
of the Whig party, and the Whig party, (in Ken-
tucky at least,) as such, have always occupied
precisely the same ground I now occupy upon
that subject. And I appeal every old-line
Whig in the nation, to rally, to the fescue of the
time honored principles, so ably and eloquently
maintained by their once g&liant, but now de-
parted leader. 1 tun proud 'to say, sir, that the
unrivalled sage of Ashland has one son (James
B. Clay) who is npw nobly defending and main-
taining the sentiments of his illustrious father,
which Ibavej unread.
1 have now defined my .position, and indicated
my future course. 1 will next contrast, briefly,
the relative positions of the three pa*tiea nQw
before the country, wiih>their candidates seeking
to obtain the control of the Government. In
dping this, Mr. Chairman, I willendeavor to dis-
play that coolness, candor, and correctness, de-
manded by the crisis, and to view the relations,
on all sides, in t}ie light of truth, justice, And fair-
play. I will, at least, n«t,be guilty, knowingly,
of judging others by a. rule by which I would not
willingly be judged myself. I< will hold no party
responsible for any action, eitlffer past or prospec-
tive, not warranted by the reeord, or clearly in-
dicated by their, positions and doctrines.
There are three parties rrow in the field con-
tending for the mastery and- sqeking obtain the
cpntrpl, of the; Government- What the issues—
what t^ir relative positions.—slavery or no sla-
very—is tlMj great, (he mramount isque. Their
relative positions are—Democracy in and
Know JVathincUm and Black Republicanism
seeking,fp.jj t him out; or, substituting the can-
didates, for tijejr ^espectijje^wtiee, Buchanan in
power, apd Filtoore and endeavoring
to remove him- And ho.W"4o-they propose to
do it? Why, by a sort, of triangular fight—by
Black Republicanism in the North, and- by, Know
Nothingism in the South- And why pyu him out?
Because, says FrSmont in the North, he is for
slavery and the slaveocracy.. Because,says Mr.
FiUmore in the South, he prefer* the Constitution
of Wellington,to the constitution of " Sam;" be-
cause he is for freedom of religion and equality, of
rights; because he will not '* 9 wear" to vote for
gp.jnfuji for any office in the,Government, St^e
or National, unless.he be a natiye-born.American
citizen, j,n favor of Americans ruling America,
nor if he be a.Rpman Catholic.. These are the.
parties,these their positions, tbe#e their objects,
and. these their plana of operation. Democ-
racy in power—shall we put him out ? is the great
question- Wo-are called upon to disband, de-
nounce, and discard the, old Whig and the old
Democratic parties, as : odious, treacherous, and
untrustworthy;.to renounce, and for-ever repu-
diate, as old, fogyistn, their, time-honored prin-
ciples and policy, which ha,ve now, withstood
every storm for he?ur three quarters of a century;
to adopt the unjust, unwise, and revolutionary
doctrines of Know Nothingism .and Black Re-
publicanism, which already, ere they are two ;
years old, have shaken society: to its . founda-
tions, and the Government to its center. Talk
about ofrnofftowi W& and violated pledge# ! Who i
ever, heard, of baillot-boxea destroyed, houses i
burned, th.e inmates killed,aand voters murdered |
in going to, And coming from the polls, in any
great political contest in thiq, country, between
the old Whig and the old Democr^Uc parties ? 1
Sir, I make no charge. I only speak of the re-
cord to vindicate the truth of history. If I could,
I would throw a thick vail over that dark page
of our country's history, and bide it forever
from the view. " I have no doubt the spirit that
bore the mournful deeds to Heaven's high chan-
cery blushed as he gave them in; but I fear the
recording angel, as he wrote them down, found
no tear to drop, to blot them out forever." They
may yet be called to pass in review before the
bar of retributive justice.
But, Mr. Chairman, to return, " for I have no
joys 'mid scenes like these." Democracy is in
power, and we are asked to turn him out for the
reasons assigned. Shall we do it? is the great
question for the South, for the national men of
every section, to determine in the approaching
presidential election. Now, sir, to present this
whole subject in its true light, as it really is: as
Mr. Fremont is the candidate of a section only,
nominated and run by a section—is purely upon
a sectional question, and for sectional purposes,
as they themselves avow, to break down slavery
and the slave jDOwer;—as this is Mr. Fremont's
position, I.desire, for the moment, to drop him,
and contrast the relative positions of Mr. Buch-
anan and Mr. Fillmore, both of whom claim to
be naiional men.
Then, sir, I ask the South, the North, the con-
servative men everywhere, the old-line Whigs,
and Democrats,are you for the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, which neither establishes nor prohibits sla-
very in either Kansas or Nebraska, but which
leaves the actual settler,s.of both perfectly free,
wjien.they.come to frame their organic law, and
ask for admission into the Union as.a. State, to
regulate their own institutipns for themselves, to
have slavery or not, as they choose? If you are,
Mr. Buchanan is with you, out and out; while
Mr. Fillmore, in his platform, places the passage
of that very act, as one of the charges preferred'
against the present Administration; and in his.
late Newburg speech, made only a few weeks
since, he characterizes the repeal of the Missouri
compromise line as the result of " selfish ambi-
tion," a "wanton disturbance," a "Pandora's,
box, out of which have issued all ^lie evils which
now afflict the country."
Are you foi;the fugitive slave law and its'faith-
ful execution, which, in conformity with the
Constitution, requires the rendition of slaves,
escaping into the free States, to thieir proper and,
legitimate owners? If you are, Mr. Buchanan,
is with you.square.out, without equivocation or'
evasion.
Are you opposed to the Wilmot proviso? Jf
so, Mr. Buchanap, by, his votes, by his speeches,
and in his platform, is straight out with you again.
Are you, for applying'to all the unorganized.
Territories we now have, or may hejceafler ac-'
quire, the principle of non-intervention, as set
forth in the compromise measures of 1850-, and
the Kansas-Nebraska bill of 1854? If y ou are,
Mr. Buchanan has planted himself upon' that
great principle of -the .right and capability. ,pf man
for self-government; while Mr. Fillmore, in hisi
celebrated Erie letter, which I will now' read,
said that he was opposed to the annexation o£
Texas, tinier any circumstance, as" long as slaves,
were held there, and in favor of the immedutte'abo-.
iitian qf slavery in the District of Columbia, and
the abolition of the inter-State slave trade. Mr.
Fillmore's Erie letter reads as follows:
Si*
Buffalo, October 17,1838.
Your communication of the loth instant, as chairman
of the committee appointed t>y tt|e an ti-slavery society of,the
count}' oftEtie, has jusjt come to hand. . You solicit toy an-
swer to the following interrogatories:
1. Do yOii' bcliqve that petitioning -Congress on the sub-
ject pf slavery find the slave trade ought to be received*
read, and respectfully considered by the representatives of
the people ?
2. Are you opposed to the annexation of Texas to this
Union, under ainy circumstances, so long as.slaves are held
there? '•
3. Are you in ftvor of Congress exercising all the consti-
tutionai powers it possesses to abolish the internal slave
trade between the States?
4. Are ydu in favor of immediate legislation for the aboli-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia
I am much engaged, and have no time to enterinto argu-
ment, or explain at length my reasons for my opinions. I
shall, therefore, content myself for the present by answering
all your interrogatories in the affirmative. and leave lor some
future occasion a more extent]^4! discussion op the subject*
M1LLABD FILLMORE.
