1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1831
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Talbott.
Ho. op Reps.
Now, my honorable colleague [Mr. Cox] said
in his speech, the other day, that every party
should be considered the only true exponent of its
own views. Judging Mr. Fillmore by that rule,
who can read this letter, and have any doubt
about his position? He says positively in this
letter, he is for abolishing slavery in the District
of Columbia, and the inter-State slave trade, and
opposed to the annexation of Texas, unless they
abolish slavery there.
I desire now to compare Mr. Fillmore's posi-
tions on slavery, as indicated in his Erie letter,
which I have just read, with Mr. Buchanan's
record for twenty years, from 1836 to 1856; and
then let you, sir, and the committee, and the coun-
ty' see which has the highest claims to nation-
ality. This is Mr. Buchanan's record for twenty
years:
1. In 1836, Mr. Buchanan supported a bill to
prohibit the circulation of abolitionpapers through
the mails.
2. In the same year he proposed and voted for
the admission of Arkansas.
3. In 1836-37 he denounced, and voted, to reject
petitions for the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
4. In 1837 he voted for Mr. Calhoun's famous
resolutions defining the rights of the States and
ike limits of Federal authority, and affirming it
to be the duty of the Government to protect and
uphold the institutions of the South.
5. In 1838,1839, and 1840, he invariaHy VQted
with southern Senators against the consideration
of anti-slavery petitions.
6. In 1844 and 1845 he advocated and voted for
the annexation of Texas.
7. In 1847 he sustained the Clayton compro-
mise. , .
8. In 1850 he proposed and urged the exten-
sion of the Missouri compromise to the Pacific
ocean.
9. But he promptly acquiesced in the compro-
mise of 1850, and employed all his influence ua
favor of the faithful execution of the fugitive
slave law.
10. In 1851 he remonstrated against an enact-
ment of the Pennsylvania Legislature for ob-
structing the arrest and return of fugitive ^slaves.
11. In 1854 he negotiated for the acquisition of
Cuba.
12. In 1856 he approves the repeal of the Mis-
souri restriction, ana supports the principles of
the Kansas-Nebraska act.
13. He never gave a vote against tfie interests
of slavery, and never uttered a word which could
pain the most sensitive southern heart. - _•
Now, sir, I have read yttu Mr. Fillmore's IJrip
letter, containing his own account of Ms own posi-
tion; and I have read the written, record of Mr.
Buchanan's votes, giving his position. Mr. Fill-
more's Erie letter says he is in favor ofaboHsh-
slayery in the District of Columbia. Mr.
Buchanan^ record says he is, against it. Mr.
Fillmore's Erie letter says he was against the
annexation of Texas, unless slavery should be
abolished there. Mr. Buchanan's record says he
voted to receive Texas as it was. Mr. Fillmore's
fine letter says he is for abolishing the inter-
state slave trade. Mr. Buchanan's recorded vote
.for Mr. Calhoun's famous resolutions of .1837
says he is against it. Now, here is the record
of the one, and the letter of the other, defining
their positions. Which is the best ?—which shall
we believe > Mr. Buchanan's record makes him
sound and national: Mr. Fillmore's letter'make
him unsound and sectional. What shall we db
|then ? Shall we sustain the record and.the letter,
and let Mr. Buchanan and his party continue at
the helm,and Mr. Fillmore «nd his .friends-remain
Where they are ? or shall we falsify both record
'.aiid, letter, and say Mr. Fillmore is national, and
.Mr. Buchanan sectional ? Sir, is it possible.? has
•itcome to this? Isthe cause of Know Nothingism
so desperate that, in order to save it from ^wift
and inevitable destruction, we must say,that Mr.
Buchanan's record for twenty years is false; and
that the great intensely American candidate for the
Presidency did not, when he wrote his Erie letter,
know what he was for ?
But, again, in 1838, the following resolution
was introduced into the Senate:
"That any attempt of Congress to abolish slavery in any
Territory of the United States in which it exists would
create serious alarm and just apprehensions in the States
sustaining that domestic institution; would be a violation of
good faith towards the inhabitants of any such Territory,
who were permitted to settle with and hold slaves therein,
; because the people of any such Territory have not asked for
■ the abolition of slavery therein, and because, when any such
1 Territory shall be admitted into the Union as a State, the
people thereof >m,U be entitled to decide that question ex-
clusively for tke>nselves."
For this resolution stood side by side James
Buchanan, Henry Clay, and John C. Calhoun.
Mr. Wesbter against it.
_ But I wish now to read the following resolu-
tions offered by Mr. Calhoun in the Senate of the
United States, in the session of 1837-38, and
voted for by Mr. Buchanan, as mentioned in the
statement which I have just read. They are as
follows:
" Resolved, That in theadoption of the Federal Constitu-
tion, the States adopting the same, acted, severally, as free,
independent, and sovereign States; and that each for itself,
by its own voluntary assent, entered the Union with a view
j to its increased security against all dangers, domestic as
; welt as foreign, and the more perfect and secure enjoyment
i of its advantages, natural, political, and social.
"Resolved, That in delegating a portion of their powers to be
exercised by the Federal Government, the States retained,
! severally, the exclusive and sole right over their domestic
&>stittitions and police, to the fall extent to which those
powere were not thus delegated, and are alone responsible
j for theili; and that any intermeddling of any one or more
{ States, or a combination of their citizens, with the domestic
, institutions and police of the others, on any ground, polit-
| ioal, moral, or religious, or under any pretext whatever, with
I -the view to their alteration or subversion, is not warranted
j by the Coostitution, tending tn endanger the domestic peace
[ and tranquillity of the States interfered with, subversive of
tl^e objects for which the Constitution was formed, and, by
neei *arjr eonee<}Ueice, t£mdmg to weaken and destroy the
| Union itself. ...
i agent, in oraer to carry into effee tthe powers which they Mad
! .delegated by the Constitution for their mutual security: fand
prosperity; aad that in fulfillment of this iBgb and sacred
1 trust, this Government issbound so to exercise its powers as
1 not to interfere with the stability and security of the dofttes-
1 tie institutions of the States that compose the Union; and
' that it isthe solemn duty of the Government to resist, to
the extent of their constitutional power, all attempts by .ope
portion of tbe Union to use it as an instrument to attack
the domestic institutions of tbe other, or to Weaken or
destroy such institutions.
. " Resolved, That domestic slavery, as it exists in the so thr
em and western Statep of this Union, composes an importr
ant part of their domestic institutions, inherited from their
ancestors, and existing at the adoption of the ConstittnieW,
by which it is recognized as constituting an importakl* ele-
ment in the apportionmentof powers among the Stqtee, and
that no .cbange of opinion or feeling on tbe part of the other
States of the Union in relation to it, can justify them or
their eitizens in open and systematic attacks thereon, with
the view to its overthrow; and that all silati attacks are in
manifest violation of the mutual and solemn pledge topro-
tectand defend, each other, giwf> by the States, reipect-
lvely,<iif<feiatiMJng> 4Mo tfiH'constitutional eompnct which
fooned -deTBstaiand las' such are a manifest , breach of
faith, a< 4- a violation of the most solemn obligations.
'•5ieseI «<J,,That the interference by tile citizens of auy
of the States, With the view to the abolition of Slavery in
this District, is endangering the- rights and security of the
.peoplei of the District: and that any actor measure of Con-
gress designed to abolish slavery in this District would bea
violation ofthe.faith implied in,the cessions by the States
■ofVirginia and Maryland, & just Cause of alarm to the people
of the slaveholding States, and a direct and inevitable tend-
ency to disturb und endanger tbe Unidn.
" Resolved, Thajt any.attempt of Congress to abtjli?h sla-
very in any Temtory of the United States in which it ex-
ists,would create serious alarm and just apprehension, in
■the States sustaining thatdbmestic institution ; would be a
violation of good faith towards th,e inhabitants of any such
Territory-.who have been permitted to enter with, and hold
Slaves therein, because the people of any.siich Territory
have not asked for"the abortion of slavery sgjiereip, and
.because* when any such Territory shall be admitted Into
the Union as a State, the people thereof will be entitled to
decide that question exclusively for themselves."
These resolutions show "Mr. Buchanan, not
only sound' upon the question of slavery, but
sound on the Constitution.
But again, in 1842, when the Whigs were ad-
vocating and "urging a modification of the veto
power of the'President, Mr; Buchanan, in the
Senate of the United States _opposing it, and
sustaining'the Ctwistitution as it lis, SatdY
' " It would b^ feasy to imagine interests <if the deepest
importance tfr particular sections which might be ieriously
endangetad! by its;destruction. 'In the southern .States,
which eornpqae the weaker portion,of tbe'Union, a species
of property exists which is attracting the attention of the
civilized world.. These Sates never would have become
parties to the Union had not their rights in this property
been seeured:by the Federal Coneutution." * * * " It
is possible, that at some future, day the. majority .in Con-
gress may attempt by indirect means to emancipate the
slaves of the South. There is no knowing through wfrat
Channel the ever active Spirit offanaticism may seek to ac-
complish its purpose. • Do we feel so secure, ia this faout of
peril at .home, as to be willing to prostrate any of the bar-
riers which the Constitution has reared against hasty = "4
dangerous legislation r No, sir, never was the value of the
veto power more manifest than at tbe present moment.
For the weaker portion of the Union, whose constitutional
rights are now assailed with such violence, to think of
abandoing this safeguard, would be almost suicidal."
What southern, what national man anywhere,
can read this speech of the great Pennsylvanian
in the Senate of the United States, in defense of
the noble charter of our liberties, as it is — as it
was framed, and fashioned, and signed, and
secured to us by the Father of his Country, and
his illustrious compeers? What patriot in the
land can read this speech without seeing and
exclaiming: "With Buchanan at the helm, the
Constitution will be maintained, the Union pre-
served, and our free institutions perpetuated!"
But, again, this is Mr. Buchanan's record.
1 wish now to compare Mr. Fillmore's record
in Congress with that spepch of Mr. Buchanan,
and see which .is the national and conservative
man. .The following is Mr. Fillmore's record.
The Journals of Congress show that Mr. Fill*
more supported, by his vote, petitions:
1.. To declare slaves free who had gone to sea
with the consent of their masters, and to protect
them in their freedom; . ,
2. To repeal all laws, and constitutional pro-
visions by which the Federal Government is
bound to protect the institution of slavery;
3. Against the admission of any new State
into the Union whose constitution at all tolerates
slavery; " ,
4. Against the annexation of Texas, solely on
th6 ground that slavery;eiti&ted there;
^ !s. To abolish slavery ifl the District of Colum-
bia, though the whole people of the District
cherished the institution, and never petitioned fo*
its abolition;
6. To prohibit the buying and selling of slaves
in the District and other Territories of the
Union;
7. He supported by his vote petitions of Con-
gress to repeal the act of the Territory of Florida,
to prevent migration of free negroes to the Ter+
ritory;
8. He voted fn1 favor of petitions to naturaliie
and make Jlmencan citizens of negroes)Wm-epcry
quarter of the earth ! and
9. He voted in fhvor of-' a petition to receive
negro embassadors from the black R^pfiblic of
Hayti. .i. ....
' I wiU teave you, MrvChaimlan, and the coun-
try, With" tttesp two records, to say WMfeh is th£
national and which the sectional, which is the
safe, and which is the unsafe man to be trusted*
Mr. Buchanan'or'Mr. Fillmore.
But' let' Ub see'farther, if We *an, how Mr. Fill-
more stands. I think'the record'.will show tfckt
he, like his party, is, if you will allow the ex*
pression, in a state of all-to-piece-ativertess. The
Whig party, in convention assembled in Balti-
more in 1&52, declared that—
" The series of acts of the Thirty-First Congress, com-
monly known as tbe compromise, or adjustment, (the set
for tbe recovery of fugitives from tabor included,) art; re-
ceived and acquiesced in by the Whig&ofthe United States
as a final settlement; in, principle and substance, at die
subjects towhich'theyiielate."
"this resolution (committed the Wb;jg3, as a
party, to the non-intervention principle of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill;: and, "in spirit and sub-
stance" to the repeal'of Nfhe-'Missouri line. And
consequently, jn 1854, nearly every Whig, Sen-
ator and Representative, in Congress, from the
South,'Voted for the Kansas-Nebraska bill with
thatiinderstanding.
What itfcxt? 1 will read now an extract from
an editorial articlein the Louisville Journal, dated
November lfi,JJ85<|,1a|fter thepa*spgeof the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill repealing tfyeJMisswiri compro-
mise line, showing that n^a^y,the Whig pjwty>
]but, the Whig press, indorsed Ihej/rinaiple of .that
bill. The extract is .as follows: .
v "missouri comrkaaii*? —'mlwl 0' abjustmejit.-t-
"Thirty-lWif years ago the Congress of the Uuited s>taMp
' passed an act wliich has ever since been known by tne
name of the 'Missouri tump resume act.' cmgress the*
'attempted to establish -tgilegielet'PP only penjMr
nentjy and definitely be done hy.an amendment ot the Coa-
stitution. This miscalled compromise was practically in-
operative, because it was unconstitutional, and it was
! unsatisfactory, beesifis it uifj&st. It was uneonstitu-
i bonal, becaiue tt>e p w«r to legislate in reierence to slir
j very as property-*except in the , case of fugitivea—i  out
