1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1233
34th Cong....1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Talbott.
Ho. op Reps.
t'uul some fxtvlk declaration shall be made, the American!
o, tin' South are wholly without assurance against the con-
tinued agitation of a dangerous question, orot having rights,
deemed t>y them invaluable, surrendered by the act of their !
own representatives. j
•• Th.s i<sue upon which panics hftve organized for the
en>mi>  c.uupai«n is : 1 Shall any more slave States be ad-
li-ittod into the I'mon ?*
Forvmo-t and most fbrmidable in this contest stands
tUe Black Republican paitv, a dangerous compound of
Uiiaiic^m and poliueal cupidity. It is numerous, and of
powerful resources ; it is led by ambitious and sagacious
ih.-h. It intends to employ the numbers of the North to
►nbtugate the Somli and piwrn the country. Its material
of Nurture consists in unpeopling the title of your property,
defaming \ our character, and combining the most despotic
nml l.nvh-s iniluences in a crusnde against jou. Its plan
oi' w an'are !- to cut off the supplies and communications of
sla\ cry. to in\ est its citadel and to send in a Hag inscribed:
• a.--ault or unconditional surrender.'
•• The Democratic party has been, by force of circum-
stances. pi.iced in direct antagonism to this party. It stands
not onh pleilsed. but committed beyond the power of re-
eantaaouor withdrawal, to maintain your rights as political
equ il  in this C onfederacy.
U"i;ii my opinions, neutrality would be at this import-
ant cri.-is little better than treason. I shall, therefore, vote
Mr tile Democratic candidates at the ensuing presidential
election, because that is the only party committed to assert
tbe rigiitt- of the South, and because the opinions avowed
b> that party'upon the subject of slavery represent my
own."
This is the letter of a distinguished gentleman,
who knows all about Mr. Fillmore ana his plat-
form, and he says neither will do for the present
cns:s.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will add but a word
more on thisr part of the subject. I have shown,
by Mr. Buchanan's speeches, by his votes, by
his history, by his platform, by what his friends |
and by what his enemies say about him, that he
stands straight out, square up, without equivoca-
tion, evasion, or pretermission, on the slavery
question, which is the issue, the great paramount
issue, now before the country, and which has to
be settled, for weal or woe, and it may be, for
life or death, in the coming presidential contest.
I have shown Mr. Buchanan to be sound, con-
servative, national. What is Mr. Fillmore's |
position? He stands on a platform as silent as j
the grave, on the great, the paramount issue now
before the country, shaking it from its center to
its circumference; not one word, nor one letter
in it about slavery, or the adjustment of the
slavery question; not able or willing, now, to say
himself, or to suffer any friend to say for him,
whether, if elected, he would or would not ap- |
prove the Wilmot proviso, if it should be applied !
by Congress to the Territories. Not able or will-
ing now to say, nor any of his friends for him,
whether, if Congress should restore the Missouri
compromise line, he would or would not veto it.
Not able or willing now to say, nor any of his
friends for him, whether, if Congress were to
repeal all the existing laws on slavery, the fugi-
tive slave law included, he would or would not
veto that bill. Why, sir, in order to be consid-
ered orthodox with all parties, and on both sides,
he has recently concluded to take no side upon
any subject connected with slavery. In order to
conquer both the other parties, he has agreed to
fijht neither. In order to ge< all sides, he has
agreed to take no side. In order to aid and sus-
tain the South, he has agreed not to fight the
North. In order to aid the North, he has agreed
not to fight the South. He has agreed, in his
platform, to occupy no position, for the present,
if you will only give him the high position of the
White House nextNovember. Yes, sir,although
he has said, in his Erie letter, which I have
read, that he was opposed to the annexation
of Texas, unless slavery was abolished there,
and in favor of passing laws for the immediate
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia,
a rid for the abolition of the inter-State slave trade,
&c.; although he and his whole party, in June,
1835, agreed and pledged themselves in the twelfth
section of the Philadelphia platform, "to abide
by and maintain all the then existing laws on
slavery as a final and conclusive settlement of
that question;" yet, sir, when this great slavery
issue is now thrust upon the country, and raging
to its highest possible pitch; when the Black
Republican party in the North, tauntingly and
defiantly, say to the South, " Our armies are in
the field; come on, Macduff; the lines are drawn;
no more compromises are to be made, and no
more slave States are to be admitted into the
Union;" yet, sir, notwithstanding all this, not-
IVew Series—No. 78.
withstanding the Union is-shaken to its centter,
and the whole Government reels to and fro like a
drunken man, yet Mr. Fillmore and his party,
regardless of all former pledges, choose no^Kr to
ignore, evade, and pretermit the whole question,
from beginning to end, and yet ask us to believe
them the soundest party in the Union, on the sla-
very question. Good souls, they are afraid to say
anythingforfearof making a/itss .' Yes, sir, they
are afraid of agitation—of making a fuss, as they
term it. Why, sir, ask a Know Nothing in my
district if he is for the Kansas-Nebraska act, and
l>e will at once respond by saying, " The old Pope
of Rome will take the country." Ask him if he
is for the Wilmot proviso, or the fugitive slave
law, or non-intervention, or anything connected
with the slavery question, and his response is,
"Why, the foreigners will take the country."
Yes, sir, they make a great noise about foreigners
and Catholics for office, when there is not a soli-
tary man in the United States, of any party, and
never haa been, advocating either for office, to the
exclusion of natives or Protestants. But when
they come to the great question of slavery, they
are as silent as the grave.
Mr. Chairman, why all this clap-trap about
foreigners and Catholics ? and all this ignoring,
evasion, and pretermission about slavery and
the constitutional rights of the South ? If Mr.
Fillmore is for the Kansas-Nebraska bill, why
does he not say so ? If his party are for it, why
do they not speak out in their platform ? If he
is against the application of the Wilmot proviso
to the Territories, why does he not take his
stand ? If he will veto a restoration of the Mis-
souri compromise line, why dries-he not'speak
out? Why does he not take position upon one or
the other side of all these great questions, and
let every one know where lie stands ? Sir, we
want no non-committal candidate for the Presi-
dency no*v. We want no milk-and-cider, wishy-
wasKy, shally-shanty, canny-canty, sort of man
for the present crisis. We want a man who is
not afraid of the light—one who will speak out—
who will say what he is for, especially upon a
subject of such paramount importance. Sir, a
man who is unwilling ta say what he thinks right
in such a crisis, cannot administer the Govern-
ment. He who is afraid to say what he thinks
right, is unfit to administer the Government; but
it does not suit the Know Nothing plan of ope-
rations to speak out. It is contrary to their tac-
tics. They commenced in the dark—they must
continue in the dark. They must ignore, evade,
and pretermit, to savd a/i«s; and say nothing, and
dodge around, to jump in between two fires. Their
positions and doctrines are like their great leader,
" Sam," who looked beautiul in the dark where
! you could not see him, but when brought to the
| day,and the light of truth suffered to fall upon him,
j was found to be, all over, full of wounds, bruises,
| and putrifying sores. Their doctrines, under the
' cover of secrecy, and the high-sounding phrase
| of "Americans shall rule America," all sounded
i and seemed very well; but when brought out to
i view, and we were told how these Americans
[ were to rule America, the whole thing was found
; to be a system of absurdities, injustices, and im-
| practicabilities, not one single principle of which
j can be carried out practically, by an act of Con-
! gress, without first changing the Constitution of
the United States, which fact I now propose to
show, having said all I desired to say as to the
relative positions of Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Fill-
more on the slavery question.
What, then, are the prominent, distinctive fea-
tures of Know Nothingism? They are these:
1. No man, for any office, State or national,
unless he be a native-born American citizen, in
favor of Americans ruling America, nor if he be
a Roman Catholic.
2. An extension of the naturalization laws to
twenty-one years' residence, in order to citizen-
ship; and an enforcement of the principle, that
no State orTerritory can admit others than native-
born citizens to the right of suffrage or of hold-
ing political office, unless such persons shall have
been naturalized according to the laws of the
United States; and the exclusion of paupers and
criminals.
These, Mr. Chairman, I believe,' are the dis-
tinctive prominent principles of the Know Noth-
ing party. I will commence with the last of them
first.
In regard, then, to the exclusion of pauper3
and criminals from our shores. I suppose there
! is not a man in all the length and breadth of this
great Confederacy, in favor of bringing that class
of persons here; besides, the States have the
power now, and always have had, as sovereigns,-
to exclude them from their borders. But as to
Congress having the power to say who shall, or '
who shall not, be an inhabitant, a resident, or a
citizen of any particular State, they have no such
power, because the States have never surrendered
it, or delegated it to Congress. Congress, there-
fore, could do nothing without the consent of the
States upon the subject. But if any effort was
about being made by any foreign Power to force
a large number of this class of persons upon
any one or more of these States, against their
will, and the State or States were notable to pre-
vent it for the want of material aid, then, sir, I
would be willing to lend all the power of the
General Government to aid in their expulsion.
I But there can be no controversy upon this sub-
! ject, as no "one is in favor of their coming here.
I I come now to the second proposition, which
is to change the present naturalization law so as
to require hereafter a residence of twenty-one
years before a foreigner can either become a cit-
izen of the United States, or vote, or hold any
office in the Government, State or National. And
that no State in the Union " carl" allow them
either to vote or hold office in the State on an
other terms.
This proposition, Mr. Chairman, contains two
[i clear and distinct principles, and claims theexer-
II cise of two separate, distinct, and independent
, powers—the one of which taken by itself is
| legal, constitutional, and practicable; while the
; other, or rather the two together, as a compound,
identical proposition, is wholly impracticable, un-
constitutional, and subversive of the sovereignty
and independence of the States, striking at the
. very foundations of our free institutions.
11 I admit thatCoHgress has plenary power, under
11 the existing Constitution, toestabligh a uniform
: rule of naturalization, fixing the time and terms
upon which a foreigner may become either a
! citizen of the United States, or hold office under
the General Government. But I deny that Con-
; gress has any power, under the present' Con-
stitution, to; say either who shall or who shall
not vote, or who shall or who shall not hold office
in any of the States of this Union. Congress has
no power to dictate to the States what they shall
do on either of these subjects—none, sir, none
whatever. The States-have no right to pass laws
respecting the naturalization of foreigners, saying
i how or when they may be made citizens of the
I United States—this power has been expressly
J delegated to Congress; nor .has Congress the
i power to pass laws fixing the time either to vote
or hold office in the State—this power is reserved
to the States. The Constitution of the United
States says, "Congress shall have power to es-
tablish a uniform rule of naturalization," but
stops there. It does not go onto say that Congress
shall also have power to say how long a foreigner
or any other person shall live in a State before he
may either vote or hold office; nor does the Con-
stitution give to Congress any power whatever
over the qualification of the voter in the State, in
any shape or form, or to any extent; this power
is all reserved to the States, and being reserved
to the States, it would be a usurpation in Con-
gress to attempt to exercise any control ovec.<it,
as the Know Nothing party contend in this prop-
osition.
But, sir, let us see what would be the practical
result of this Know Nothing law, denying to the
States the power, and declaring they shall notexer-
cise the right of letting any inhabitant of the State
either vote or hold office, " unless he complies
with the laws of Congress." To illustrate. Sup-
pose the people of Kentucky, on account of some
distinguished service rendered, or on any account,
were to elect some foreign-born citizen, not nat-
uralized, Governor of that State: do you think
that he could be put out of his office by an act of
Congress? Do you think that, if he were required
by an act of Congress to vacate.his office , and
was to refuse, thut the President would attempt,
