1234
APPEND!Xi TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[J ufy 28,
34th Conq.**.1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Talbott.
Ho. op Reps,
by an armed force or otbto -remov^him?
Do you think that there is any power anywhere
in this great Government to remove him, except
in that State? But again: suppose the State of
Kentucky were to fix in her organic law, that &
foreigner might vote in any of the counties, towns,
or Toting precincts in that State, in three months,
or three days, or even in three hours, next pre-
ceding the election; do you think that Congress,
under the present Constitution of the United t
States, has the power to pass a law requiring ,
twenty-one years, and compel the people of Ken-
tucky, against their will, to change that constitu-
tion in conformity to the law of Congress ? Do |
you think Congress has any su«h power as this,
vmd«r the Constitution ? What, sir, Congress
remove our Governor because, forsooth, he was.,.
not born in the right place, or had not lived there
long enough to suit the peculiar notions of Con-
gress, before the people elected him? But, sup-
pose him thus removed, who would fill his place ?
The people would elect no one.else, and who would
fill his pi&oe? Has Congress the power to turn out
the Governor of Kentucky,and then say who shall ,
fill his plqce ? If so, where is alt our State sever- \ •
eignty ? Gone, sir, gone; perfectly wiped out for- !
ever. The States, in place of being separate, inde- |
pendent, sovereign States, clothed with all the attri-
butes of sovereignty, and power, and capabilities '
of self-government, would be mere dependencies,-
holding whatever of power they might be per-,,
mitted to exercise as tenants at the will of Con-
gress. Whyrsir, let any party or any President,
let Congress or let any other executive or any
other legislative body m the Union, attempt the
exercise of such a power in this country, under
the existing Constitution, and nothing snort of a
bloody revolution would be the result.
While, then, I admit that Congress has plenary
power, under the present Constitution, to change
the naturalization Jaws, and require any length of
residence deemed best by Congress for a foreigner
to become a citizen of the. United Slates, or to
hold office under the General Government, I main-
tain th^it the. States have the right, have full power,
uDder the Constitution of,the United States, un-
restrained, and unrestrainable, by any jict of Coq- ,
gress, to allow foreigners to vote or hold office j
in the.State, whether they have been .naturalized i
or not. And to sustain this opinion, I desire to |
read an extract from a speech of the Hon. Garret
Davis, one of the ablest lawyers and most pro-
found jurists in th$ State of Kentucky. He is
one of the most distinguished members of the j
Know Nothing party in the Union, and was, as j
I understand, the choice of the southern wing of |
the party in place, of Mr. Fillmore. While I |
think him entirely in error on the subject of his •
new political creed, yet I know him to be a man of
firmnessr integrity, and. ability, and, in my judg-
ment, his opinions on the subject of the rights
and privileges of the States, and the powers of
Congress under the Constitution of the United .
States, are entitled to as high consideration as any
member of hit party in, the Union. The speech,
from which I read, was delivered by Mr. Davis,
in the late .Kentucky Constitutional Convention,
upon the very question I am now discussing. It
■was to insert in the new constitution of Kentucky
a clause requiring of foreigners a residence of
twenty-one years before they should vote or hold
office n the State. In speaking to this subject,
Mr. Davis said:
"I presume, Mr. President, there can be no doubt upon
u>e point of our competency and right to act upon this sub-
ject :and also of our duty to act upon it, if by so doing we
can Meet any essential good for the country. Congress has
the power, and has passed naturalization laws; and it has
been assumed that it would infringe the rights of the for-
eigners who have been naturalized..in conformity to the
provisions or those laws, for the States to prescribe any
otherof additional restrictions to their exercise of the right
of suffrage in the State governments. It appears to me that
thisposittoa is wholly fallacious and untenable. The States
have the right to confer upon foreigners the elective fran-
chise, and to make them eligible to all the offices of their
governments Before naturalization, and they have the un-
doubted power to exclude them, although they have be-
come citizens of tbe United States; because such citizen-
ship confers upon them only the rights of that government
conceded by the federal Constitution, and not a single one
under any State government." * * ♦ "The
States are sovereign in-forming and administering their own
governments. They may deny to naturalized foreigners
wholly the right of suffrage, and the privilege of holding
office; or they may eonfer both class of rights fully, or with
such restriction*, as w*ime and 9$er circumatMiQe*, a*
they may wiU." , :
. Now, sir, you will at once see that Mr. Davis,
in this extract, concedes what I concede, and
maintains what I maintain, to wit: that Congress
has plenary power to establish a uniform rule of
naturalization, fixing the terms for a foreigner to
become a citizen-of the United States, but h^s
no power to enforce said law upon the States—no
right to interfere with, the States in any manner,,
or to any extent, in saying who shall vote or
hold office^ therein. That he completely annihil-
ates the idea in the Know Nothing platform,
claiming that they have, or that Congress has,
the power to say where a man must be born, or
how long he shall live in the United States, before
he can vote or hold office in any of the States in
the Union. He shows that the States not only
have the power to let foreigners vote and hold,
office in their own governments before naturali--
zation, but that the whole subject rests with the-
States; and if the object be to keep foreigners
from voting or holding office in anv of the States
of this Union, you piust go to tne States, and
not to Congress. To sustain Mr. Davis in this
pqsition, I will refer you to the past action of
Doth the General Government and the States
upon this subject. The present, naturalization
law requires a. residence of five years in the coun-
try , before a foreigner can become a citizen of
the United States-, yet nearly half the States in
the TJnion allow them to vote now in from nine
months to two years.
Now, if the General Government cannot pre-
vent foreigners voting in the States in twelve or
twenty-four months, when the law of natural-
ization requires five years, how could it be done ,
by extending the time to twenty-one, or even to
one hundred years ? The extension of the time
of naturalization could never increase the power
of Congress to enforce it in the States. . j
But this position assumed by the Know Noth- ;
ing party, that Congress has the power to pre-
vent the Spates of this Union from letting a man
vote or hold office in the State until he has? com-
plied with the law of Congress, would, if car- |
ried out, work ruin to the States, and the people
of the States, in a very different way. If the !
power to prevent a man from voting or holding j
office in the State, because of the want of birth .
or residence, be in Congress, then the power to i
prevent a man from voting or holding office for
the want of property is in Congress; the power
to prevent a man from voting or nolding office for
the want of land enough, or slaves enough, or
money enough, or blood enough,or age enough,
is in Congress; and the whole question of the
qualification of the voters, and of persons for hold-
ing office in the State, would oe- in Congress.
Sir, I will not stop here to comment farther upon
what might be the ruinous results of such a
Sower concentrated into the hands of a Know
fothing or a Black Republican Congress. I
know the Know Nothings say now, that no man
shall have any office in the Government, State or
National, if they can prevent it, unless he will
join their party or preach their doctrines. The
Black Republicans say the same; and it might
be, that they, if they had the power, would let
no man vote who would not vote the way they
might think right. At any rate, I am for keeping
the whole power where it is, where it always has
been, and where, I trust, it never will cease to
be—in the hands of the people.
I come now, Mr. Chairman, to the first and
essential feature in the Know Nothing creed as
taught in my district. It is this: they .write out,
subscribe to, and take a solemn oath to support
the following proposition:
" That the; will vote for no man for any office, State or
National, who is not a native-born American citizen, in
favor of Americans ruling America, nor if he be a Raman
Catholic
This is the doctrine, sir, which the Know
Nothings propagate in my district; this is the
doctrine to which they subscribed, and which
they took a solemn oath to support, and this is
the doctrine which I think unwise, unjust, un-
constitutional, intolerant, prosoriptive, revolu-
tionary, at war with the highest precepts of our
holy religion, and in contravention of the great
essential principles of Protestant Christianity.
It is unwise because it militates against the best
inte/rest of both Church and State, by exciting
jealousies, discords, and ill-will between the na-
tive-born and naturalized, Protestant and Roman
Catholic communities, when there should be only
confidence, concord and good will. It is un-'
jnst, because it-draws an invidious distinction
between native-born Catholics and Protestants—
granting to one all the privileges guarantied by
the Constitution, and withholding them from the
other—to wit, eligibility to office. The Constitu-
tion makes both eligible; Know Nothingism but
one. It is unconstitutional, because it makes the
naturalized citizen, and the native-born Roman
Catholic citizen ineligible to office, when the
Constitution makes them both eligible. It
makes religion a test for every office, State or
National, when the Constitution says no reli-
gious test shall be required for any office under
the United States. It is intolerant, because it
does not allow a man' to worship God as he
pleases, without curtailing his privileges, if he
become a Roman Catholic. It is proscriptive,
because it places the Roman Catholic and the
naturalized citizen beyond the protection afforded
by the Constitution, of eligibility for office, find
denounces them.as dangerous ana unworthy. It.
is revolutionary, because, if successful, it nullifies
the Constitution, and makes it a dead letter* It .
doeg that, indirectly, by a secret oatlvbound polit-
ical organization, which they cannot, and which
they dare not, attempt to do by positive law.
It is at war with the highest precepts of our holy
religion, because it violates that golden rule—
that rule of rules—laid down by the Savior of the
world, when he said: "Do unto others as ye
would they should do unto you; and whatso-
ever ye would that men should do unto you, do
ye even so to them." This is the rule upon which
our Savior said rested the law and the prophets;
and this is the rule that this Know Nothing plank
violates. They persecute and proscribe Catho-
lics, when they themselves would rather be burned,
and would be. burned at the stake, before they
would suffer the Catholics to organize in this
country and do, or endeavor to do, just what they
are doing or endeavoring to do themselves. I
know, they say that they do not call it proscrip-
tion; neither do the Black Republican party call
it proscription when they say to us of the South,
that they want us to furnisn men and money,
blood and treasure, to purchase and acquire large
tracts of territory,;&«d then say to us: "Why,
you cannot enter upon any of this territory unless
you give up your slaves. It is all dedicated to
freedom. Freedom is national and slavery sec-
tional; you cannot enter there." But, sir, I call
it proscription of the deepest, darkest, and most
objectionable, character. I cftll it unjust, revolu-
tionary. I know they deny that they proscribe
Catholics; but I ask you, Mr. Chairman, I ask
them, and I ask the country, what would be the
result, if they- would strike out of their creed
the word Roman Catholic, and insert the word
Baptist? I ask you, what would be the instan-
taneous result, if they were to do that? Why,
sir, the whole country would be in a blaze in a
week. I ask you,then, what the result would
be if they were to strike out Roman Catholic from
their creed and insertPresby terian? Where would
the. Know Nothing party stand, even in one day's
time, and what would be the state of feeling pro-
duced by such an organization ? Why, the fire
of discord would flash like electricity from one
end of the Government to the other. Well, let
them then strike out Roman Catholic from their,
creed and insert Methodist, and how long would
it be befora we should see a war commenced in this
country, the end of which no man could foresee?
Then,, sir, if that is not enough, let me ask my
colleague and you, Mr. Chairman, and the coun-
try, suppose all the churches in the United States
were to form themselves into just such a secret,
oath-bound,, political organization as the Know
Nothings now have, and have it written in a con-
stitution as they now have it written in their
constitution, and swear, as they have sworn,
about the Catholics and naturalized citizens, that
not a man in the United States, no matter how
good or how great, no matter how pious or how
patriotic, should ever have any office in the Gov-
ernment, State or National, unless he belonged
