1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1235
34th Cong....1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Talbott.
Ho. of Reps.
to some one of these churches: how long do you
think, sir, it would be before "American blood
would be shed upon American soil?" How long,
under an organization like this, would it be before
every purling, babbling streamlet and rill in our
land, tlie waters of which now run so limpid and
pure, would be crimsoned with the blood of our
brothers ? Sir, to use a strong phrase, I think it
would be immediately, if not sooner. And, why,
Mr. Chairman? Why would the Know Nothing
platform produce a revolution quicker with Ro- ;
man Catholics strickcn out, and any other one j
of the Protestant denominations inserted ? Why
would it produce revolution with all denomina-
tions stricken out, and unbelievers inserted? There
would be no change of principle, and why the
revolution? Why, sir, because the whole prin-
ciple is wrong; because it is u. just; because it is
unconstitutional; because it would take from a
lar^e portion of our fellow-citizens their birth-
right, secured to them by the Constitution and
form of government won for them by our rev-
olutionary fathers. Well, sir, if it would be
wrong as applicable to the Baptist, wrong as ap-
plicable to the Presbyterian, wrong as applicable
to the Methodist, and wrong as applicable to the
great outside party, that are not members of any
church, why, in the name of reason, in the name
of justice, in the name of the Constitution and
the Bible, is it not wrong as applicable to native-
born Catholics and naturalized citizens ? Sir, it
is all wrong. I am a native and a Protestant, and
I enter, here, my protest against it as a native and j
Protestant. I call upon Protestants and natives I
to enter their protest; to do unto the Catholic
and naturalized citizen, as they would have the ,
Catholic and the naturalized citizen to do unto
them. \
The great distinctive idea, the great essential !
principle, which gave to Martin Luther all his
greatness and glory, his religion its popularity,
and the civilized world the glorious benefits of
Protestant Christianity, was, that no man's civil
or political privileges should ever be either in-
creased or diminished on account of his religious
faith—that a mail's religious faith was purely a
matter between him and his Maker, and that he
should be left free upon that subject from any sort
of restrictions or disabilities, civil or political. It j
is this great principle that gave Martin Luther
his influence, and his religion its power. It was
its incontrovertible and irresistible truth—its
impartial and inflexible justice—and its compre-
hensive charity or universal benevolence, that
enabled it to revolutionize the religions of'the Old
World. And being transplanted into the New,
has given form and shape to this great Republic,
w here, unrestraining ana itself unrestrained, it has
since continued to flourish and grow, and is now
flourishing, an undying evergreen, nourished and
sustained by its own divine principle, the free-
dom of religion and the equality of rights. Yes,
sir, it was this great, this glorious principle, that
won for Martin Luther a world-wide fame, and
gave to his religion all its strength. It is this
very principle—yes, this very principle -that
gives Protestantism its strength to-day. It is
this very principle that has given our own Gov-
ernment, in time past, its strength at home and
abroad, and it is this very principle, and this prin-
ciple only, that can make it imperishable. Give us
freedom of thought, freedom of speech, freedom
of the press, freedom of religion, and equality or
rights, and, sir, I fear no danger. Our Govern-
ment and her institutions would then be as im-
perishable as our principles are true, just, and
eternal. _ .
But they say the foreign-born citizen is un-
faithful to his country—not to be trusted, in
peace or in war, and that Catholics owe a higher
allegiance to the Pope. Let me now allude very
briefly to these two ideas. They say the natural-
ized citizen must be forever ostracized and pro-
scribed, because he is dangerous and untrust-
worthy. They make no difference, no exception.
No matter how brave, how wise, how pious, how
patriotic, the naturalized citizen may be, with one
fell swoop of Know Nothmgism they all go down
together; Now, sir, I will say nothing of the gal-
lant De Kalb, nor Kosciusco, nor Steuben, nor
of all thosewho have fought side by side with the
native in every battle from Boston to California.
But, to show to what extremes of folly and
injustice men may sometimes go, I will point
you to the case of the immortal Shields, of Cerro
Gordo memory. Look at him, sir, in that great
battle! See him in the midst of the fight, with
his face to the foe! Witness his valorous deeds
and heroic daring! See him fall, mortally
wounded as was supposed, bleeding at every
pore, and pouring his blood out like water in the
defense of the rights, the honor, and the glory of
the American flag ! See him by his bravery, his
generalship, and his deeds of daring, writing, in
his own blood, one of the brightest pages in our
country's history! See him, then, sir, nere in the
councils of the nation, as a Senator from a free
State ! Witness his votes, and see the conserv-
atism and nationality of his political record!
Though from a free State, and abolitionism
threatening on every side—though born in a
foreign land, and only allied to us by adoption,
did he prove unfaithful to the Constitution and the
country? Did he not, sir, in 1850—true to his
country and to her Constitution—true to every
State and every section—take his stand, side by
side—with the venerable Cass, the giant Doug-
las, the immortal Clay, the renowned Webster,
and though last yet not least, the great Pennsyl-
vanian, the present gallant standard-bearer of the
faithful old Democracy for the Presidency ? Did
he not again come up here, in 1854, and with
Douglas, Cass. Dixon, and the conservative,
national men of every section and of all parties
unite in passing the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and
' thus, true to his principles in 1850, carry out, in
spirit and in substance, the great doctrine of non-
intervention and the right of self-go vernflaent,
the essential element of the compromise measures
of that year? This, sir, is his record, and yet
they say'he cannot be trusted. N otwithstand ing
all his valor and patriotism—notwithstanding
all his faithfulness and service to his adopted
country, he could not now, according to the doc- (
trines of Know Nothingism and Black Repub- j
licanism be elected to the humblest office in the
Government, State or National. He has already
fallen a victim to both. Yes, to both. It was
by the united vote of both the Black Republican
and Know Nothing parties, that General Shields,
with his conservatism and nationality, was turned
out of the Senate, and Judge Trumbull, with his
sectional, abolition, Black Republican doctrines,
put in. Yet, sir, these parties are calling upon
the country to discard all former political asso-
ciations—ell former political principles, and join
with them-ie pwt tfoitfnsuch men as General
Shields, and to elevate to power such men as
Judge Trumbull. To put down the men who
voteS for the fugitive slave law, and the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, in conformity to the Constitution—
to secure the constitutional rights of all—and to
put men in power who will repeal them both, or
trample them like trash under their feet—sir, shall
we do it? The people will decide in November
next- , - • L
But the Know Nothings say that foreign-born
naturalized citizens will prove treacherous in
war; and to prove it in my district during the
canvass they talked a great deal about the deser-
tion of the legion of St. Patrick in the Mexican
war. They say that that legion was composed of
all foreigners, and Catholics at that, and that they
deserted at the bidding of the Catholic priests in
Mexico. Now, I was not there, and do not know
exactly all that passed between the priests in
Mexico and that legion; but, sir, I do not be-
lieve a word about their deserting on that account.
The legion was composed of about two hundred
men, about fifty only of whom were foreign-born,
and the balance all natives of our own country;
and as I find the Know Nothings mistaken as to
who composed the legion, I feel constrained to
believe they were mistaken also as to the cause
of their deserting. I will read, in proof of what
I have said, as to the persons composing that
legion, an extract from the speech made m the
late Kentucky Constitutional Convention by Mr.
Kelly. In speaking of the legion of St. Patrick,
Mr. Kelly said, in reply to Mr. Davis, of Bour-
k « Sir, the gentleman has spoken of the legion of St. Pat-
rick, in Mexico. It was composed of something near two
hundred men—thirty-six of whom were Irishmen, ten Ger-
mans, two Frenchmen, and one Englishman (I refer, sir,
to the letters of Lieutenant Denman, of the United States
Army, and Lieutenant Oantwell, who fell at the Guata, a
gallant son of the Palmetto State.) Who were the re-
mainder? Native-born Americans,! blush to own it."
Now, sir, in regard to the faithfulness and
valor of the foreign-born soldiery in the Mexican
war and in the war of 1812-15, I will read the
two letters of General Scott, who was on the
ground, and is presumed to know all about it.
These letters were published during the last
presidential contest, and full credit given to them
by all General Scott's friends then. They read
as follows:
Washington, March 1, 1851.
Dear Sir : In reply to your kind letter of the 8tli instant,
I take pleasure in saying that, grateful for the partial esti-
mate you place on my public services, you do me no more
than justice in assuming that I entertain " kind and liberal
views toward our naturalized citizens." Certainly, it would
be impossible for me to recommend or support any meas-
ure intended to exclude them from a just and full partici-
pation in all civil and political rights now secured to them
by our republican laws and institutions.
It is true that in a season of unusual excitement, some
years ago, when both parties complained of fraudulent
"practices in the naturalization of foreigners, and when there
seemed to be danger that native and adopted citizens would
be permanently arrayed against each other in hostile fac-
tions, I was inclined to concur in the opinion, then avowed
by many leading statesmen, that some modification of the
naturalization laws might be necessary in order to prevent
abuses, allay stnfe, and restore harmony between the
, different classes of our people. But later experience and
' reflection have entirely removed this impression, and dissi-
pated my apprehensions.
In my recent campaign in Mexico, a very large proportion
of the men under my command were your countrymen,
(Iri.-=h,) Germans, &c. 1 witnessed with admiration their
zeal, fidelity, anil valor in maintaining our flag in the face of
every danger. Vieing with each other and our r itive-bom
soldiers in the same ranks in patriotism, constancy, and
heroic danger, I was happy to call them brothers in the
field, as I shall always be to serve them as countrymen at
home.
I remain, dear sir, with great esteem, yours truly,
WINFIELD SCOTT.
William E. Robinson, Esq.
Washington, March II, 1851.
Gentlemen : I have received your note inviting me to
join you at Philadelphia, in the celebration of the approach-
ing St. Patrick's day—an honor which, I regret, the press of
business obliges me to decline.
You do me but justice in supposing me to feel a lively in-
terest in Ireland and her sonte.Perhaps no man, certainly
no American, owes so much to the valor and blood of Irish-
men as myself. Many of them marched and fought under
my command in the war of 1812-1815, and many more—
thousands—in the recent war with Mexico, not one of
whom was ever known to turn his back upon the enemy or
a friend. ,
I salute vou. jtentlemen, with my cordial respects,
WINFIELD SCOTT.
R. Taler, C. McCadlay, P. W. c0nr0y,and J. McCenn,
Esqs., Committee, Sec., Sfc.
But, sir, show the Know Nothings all this—
show them that the foreign-born soldier is good and
true, valorous and patriotic—show them that an
extension of the naturalization laws to twenty-one
years would be inoperative in the States without
their consent—show them that the naturalization
laws have nothing to do with the privilege of voting
 that it only gives the foreigner the privilege of
suing and being sued, inheriting and transmit-
ting property as native-born citizens do — and
simply throws around him the protecting arm of
the Government at home and abroad—show them
all this, and that the only way, under the exist-
ing laws, that a foreigner can obtain the right to
vote in this country is, from the State in which
he may live—shew them all this, and satisfy them
of its truth, prove it by their own friends, Mr.
Davis and General Scott, and yet they fly off
and say, " I do not care, there are too many com-
! ing to our country; they will take up the public
j land from us and our children, and we must put
! a stop to it. If we do not, they will get all the
I good land, impoverish us and our children, over-
! run the country, and break down the Govern-
| ment." This is what they said last summer 111
my district. In answer to that Know, ^Nothing
I argument, I will simply read an extract from the
j Newburg speech of the Know JjTolhing candidate
! for the Presidency, (Mr. Fillm°re-) New-
I burg speech, Mr. Fillmore says:
" I have no hostility to foreigners; I have witnessed their
deplorable condition in the old country, and ^o<l forb"l
that t should add to their wiring by refusing them an asy-
lum in this I would throw the gates wide open, and invite
the onnressed of every land to partake of the blessuigs of
oirSfd countr?. I would only exclude from thi8
emigration the pauper and th« criminal.
"Now, sir, this is a curious speech for a Know
Nothing to make—for a man who desired or
