'TO Tm COPiGHESSIQIHAL Gl
[July 28,
34th Cong^., 1st Sess.
National Politics—J\fr. Talb&tl.
HCK, or HEPS.
expected to get Know Nothing vote#in my iis trkt.
I ran -against the regularnominee of IhB Know
Nothing party; the issues were air and fully*
made; tne ground assumed was, that it was a
war between Protestants and Catholics—natives
and foreigners—thattheCatholics belonged to the
Pope, and the Foreigners, if Buffered to come to
the country, would -take possession of all the rich
lands in the West, and our children be left destitute:*
The cry there was " Down with' the Catholics,
and keep out the foreigners!'' This was the
ground assumed *-and this the argument' used, by
the Know Nothings in my district. "Keep eut
the foreigners," was the constant, ceaseless cry,
there and then made. And little did I think,
that in the very first speech made by the Know
Nothing candidate for the Presidency, he would'
join issue with his Know Nothing brethren in'
my part of the country. Little did 1 think,
while his friends in my part of the country were
crying, " Shut the doors of immigration, and
keep out all the foreigners !" that Mr. Fillmorfe,
their candidate fox; the Presidency, would be, '
on the other end of the Union, crying " Fling the |
doors wide open and invito in all the foreigners of
eVery kindred tribe and' tongue, except the crim-
inals and paupers!" Little did I think, sir,!
while the Know Nothings in my district were j
traveling night and day, getting up a party to
keep the foreigners from coming here to take all
our .fine country, that -their candidate for the |
presidency would be orerhere, in New York, !
getting up another party , M' invite all the foreign-
ers in, especially, as he says; to " partakt of the
blessings'' of this good country—the very bless-
ings which the Know Nothings in my district
were endeavoring*to save, as they said, for them-
selves and their children. I tell you, Mr. Chair-
man, this is a very curious speech for a Know
Nothing to make, who wishes votes out my way.
Now, sir, it is none of#iy business; but if I
was allowed to advise a Know Nothing, I would
advise Mr. Fillmore to take back that speech, or
get his friends to ca.ll nnoth.er big meeting, just as
they do when they go to change their old, or
make a new, platform; and let him make it over,
so that he might crowd it a, little more with " ver-
biage, "and a little less with distinet, sensible ideas;
knock otitsome of the prominent ideas altogether,
or shake them together and mix them up m some
way, so as to hide or cover up that pressing intti-
tation hehas given* and called God to witness it,
to air the world and the rest of mankind, (except
criminals and paupers,) to come over Tiere "and
enjoy just as much, of our/me, rich lands as they
pTease. '
1 tell you, Mr. Chairman, this is a dangerous
speech to send electioneering for Votes out in my
State, where the people have such a strong passion
for rich lands, and such an intense American hor-
ror for foreigners. Yes, sir, here is a direct issue
between Mr. Fillmore and his friends, in my part
of the country, in faith and doctrine. What will
they do? Will they repudiate their doctrine to
save their candidate? or "will they repudiate their
candidate to save their doctrine ? The people will
see at the election.
I have 6aid now, Mr. Chairman, all I desire to
say about the naturalized foreigner. Let 'us see
if the charges made by the Know Nothing party j
against the Catholic church in this "country can j
he sustained, according to the rule laid down by ,
ifly honorable colleague, Mr. pox, the other day,
to wit, that every party Should be, considered the i
only true and UgitiinaU exponent of its own i
views. Now, this is a correct rule, and one
by which .every party in the country should be j
willing to stand 6r.fall. Let us then see, accord- I
ing to this rule, if the Catholics in this country !
lire guilty or innocent of the charges preferred
against them by the Know Nothing patty. What,
then, are the charges? 'They contended that the
Roman Catholic Church in this Country owe an
allegiance to thePope of Rome, over and above
the allegiance they owe and acknowledge to the
Government of the United States; that, there-
fore, they are unfit for office, and unworthy to be
trusted: >•■'<■ j
That the< Pope of Rome, by virtue of his office
as the spiritual head of (he church, claims, and
has the power, to absolve any of ihe, members of j
the Catholic church throughout the world, from '
their oath of allegi^ce to their respective Gov-
ernments^ . * ' ."
That it is a part and parse! of the Catholic
creed, that there is no obligation upon a Catholic*
to keep f^th, or comply with the contracts they
may jhake, with those that differ with them in
their religious faith:
, That a Catholiccannot be faithful to the Pope,
and to the Government in which he lives, pro-
vided the Pope and his Government'should be at
war with each other. They charge that, in that
everitj the Catholic citizen would be required by
his' creed, to surrender at the bidding, and in
favor of the Pope, and consequently should not,
and as far as they are concerned, they shall not
have any office in the Government, civil or mili-
tary. These, Mr. Chairman, are the positions
aSsuihedrby the Know Nothing party in my dis-
trict, in regard to Roman Catholics, during the
Canvass, the_ past summer. ,
Now, sir, !.approve the rule laid down by my
honorable colleague the other day. , I th ink jt a
g6od one, and I desire to try the Know Nothing
party and the Catholic party by it. I have given
you the opinions and .doctrines attributed to the
Catholics by the Know Nothings. Now let us-
see what they say about themselves. I will'first
read an extract from a speech of the Hon. Mr.'
Rudd, made in the late, Kentucky constitutional^
cbnventidn, in, answer to a speech of the Hon.
Garret Davis, concerning foreigners and Catho-
lics. In regard to the charge that Catholics in
this country owe a. higher allegiance to the Pope
of Rome than to the Government of the United
States, Mr. Rudd says:
" The gentleman from Bourbon (Mr. Davis) has again
and again, in the course of his long speech, spoken of the
political or temporal allegiance which he asserts the Cath-
olics of this and other countries owe to the Pope. Now, I-
deny that they acknowledge or owe this allegiance to him.
It is untrue; it is entirely a mistake on the part of the gen-
tleman." * * * * "It is not the first time that this
charge has been made against Catholics and their religion;
bit whenever and wherever made, it has been denied and
fully refuted." •
Now, according to the rule laid .doMrn by my
colleague, that each party is to be the only true
and legitimate exponent of its own views and
doctrines, I will leave it to you, Mr. Chairman,
and the country, to say whether injustice has
not been done to the Catholics by the Know
Nothing party? Mr. Rudd, who is a Catholic,
and informed upon the subject of the Catholic
creed, here denies, flatly and moat unequivocally,
the doctrine of a higher allegiance to the Pppe
attributed to them by the Know Nothing party.
But, sir, I will read again an extract from the
speech of the honorabfe Mr. Sjiaulfliftg, made in:
the same convention and in answerto tip same
speech of the honorable Mr. Davis.- la. speaking
of the higher allegiance which he was charged'
with owing to the Pope, Mr. SpauLdihg said:
" I owe no allegiance to any man, or set of men, under
heaven, save the Commonwea|th of Kentucky, and to the'
Government of the United States."   * • «j owe no
allegiance to the Pope of Rome, or to thf cardinals, bishops,
or priests; they have no right to send any persons here-to
cut our throats. The Pope has no more authority to alter
or change the principles of the Church of Rome than has
the President to alter or change the Constitution of the
United States. If he dare to do it, he might be called to
account for it by me, dr anybody else be^nging to. the
Church."
This, sir, is another plain, Apt, unequivocal
contradiction that Catholics in, this' country owe
a higher allegiance to the Pope than they do to,
their eounfry. •
I will read now, sir,an extract from the speech,
of, Hon. Mr. Kelly, made, in the same convention,
at the same time, and in answer to the sa,me
speech, of Mr. Davis. Mr. Kelly says:
" The gentleman [Mr. Davis] says we owe civil and
religious obedience to the Pope. Sir, I doubt not he believes
so; but 1 know to the reverse. I am a Catholic in faith—
I would die beifbM I would yield it." ******
" I Know what the faith is, for I' have been reared a Cath-
olic—by an educated Irishman—myfather, who understood
his faith, who taught it to his children, without constraint,
and who left them free to choose among ttie six hundred'
and sixty-six faiths now in the world. He did not say to
me, be a Catholic; but told me to read, not alone histories,
of which he had many, Catholic and Protestant, but the
dogmas of the churches, to acquaint myself thoroughly
with their arcana, and not to stick in the bark. I think I
I have done so. lie has gone to receive the reward of a life
Bpent in the service of his adopted country, and the main-
tenance of the faith ; while I, of his sons, stand alone.
Mr. Kelly then goes on to state, further,that
" It will be remembered by. this body that, in 1828, Daniel
wini; and when O'Cormeflwas requited to swear that
Oatholietty tfcught rebellion aqd disorder and sedition, he
refusedUjfl vile oath. What was the result?. Though one.
of the greatest.lawyeia of the world, he was ejected from
Parliament, arid a new writ of election was issued. He
offered again,and was again elected; and the House of
Commons, fearing the people, caused a committee to be
raised, aud> directed them to inquire of the Catholic college
of Maynooth, in Ireland, the college of Louvaine in Bel-
gium, of Bologna, in Italy, and the college of Cologne in
Prussia, and, 1 think, the Propaganda of Rome, if the Cath-
olics owed civil or temporal allegiance to the Pope i Tbey
all answered, JfoJ Dr. Doyle, one of the most distinguished
i Catholic theologians that ever lived, asserted the same; and
| further, that such a doctrine had never existed in the
1 Church."
i I will now read; an extract from the speech of
Hon. J. R. Chandler, df Pennsylvania, delivered
irl this Hall on the 10th day of January, 1855,
in regard to the charges preferred against the
Catholic church in this country by the Know
Nothing1 party, with reference to the charge of
superior temporal allegiance to the Pope. He
" Mr. Chftirman, I deny that the Bishop of Rome has, or
that' he claimsr'fafhimself, the 'right to interfere With the
political relations of unr other courttry than that of which
be is himself the sovereign. I mean—and I have no desire-
to conceal any point—that I deny to the Bishop of Rome
i the right, resulting from his divine office, to interfere in the'
i relations' between subjects and their- sovereigns, between'
citizens ahij their QovgftHnf.Btii.'V , j n
He goes on further to state—
"r may be allowed, without the imputation of vanity, to
make one more direct allusion to myself and mycreed. And,
sir, clearly and distinctly do I deny, that the power of the'
Pope extends one grain beyond his, spiritual relations with
the members of hisXJhurch, or infringes, in (he least degree,
upon the political Allegiance Whfch any Roman Catholic of
thisc ountry may owe to the Government and Constitution
; of the United States. And that this disavowal of a divided
! fealty may not be regarded as a mere 'gerierality, I give
] it explicitness by declaring that, if by any providence the
Bishop of Rbtne should become possessed of armies and a
fleet, and, in a spirit of conquest, or in any other spirit,
should invade the territory of the United States, or assail
the rights of our country, he would find no more earnest
antagonists than the Roman Catholics. And, for myself,
if not here in this Halt to vote"supplies for a defending army,
or if too old to tafce part in the active defense, I should, if
alive, be at least-jn my chamber, or at the foot of the altar,
imploring God for the safety of my country and the defeat
of the invaders."
This, Mr. Chairman, is to the point, direct and
unequivocal; and according to the rule, that every
man shall be the exponent of his own views,'
shows, beyond cavil or controversy, that flagrant
injustice has been done to the Catholics in this
country by the_Know Nothing party, in attrib-
uting to' them vievim imd opinions which they
utterly repudiate. But, sir, I desire to read again
an extract from a letter of the late Dr. England,
bishop of Charleston, to an Episcopal clergyman,
in regard to the very questions now at issue. In
sfoeaking of the charges preferred against the
Catholics—of their higher civil And political alle-
giance to the Pope, he says:
" Let the Pope and cardinals, and all the powers of the
Catholic world united, lhake the least encroachment upon
that Constitution, [the Cungtitutibn of the United States,]
and we will protect it with our lives. - Summon a general
council—let that council interfere in our electing but an
assistant to a.turnkey of a prison—we deny its right; we
rcject its usurpation. Let that council lay a'tax of but one
cent only npon any ohe of our churches, we will not pay it.
Yet we are moat obedient Papists."' - •
Again, from Bishop England, in regard to the
charge, that the Catholic cannot be fbilbful to the
Pope and to the Government in which he lives,
provided his Government and the Pope be at va-
riance. In speaking of this particular charge,
Bishop England says:
"I can be faithful to the Pope and to the Government
uhder which I live, i care hot whether that Government
be administered by a Papist, a Protestant, by a Jew, by a
Mohammedan, or by a Pagan. It is, then, untrue to assert,
as you hive done, B*at a coftsrstent Papist ati<t a dutiful
subject of a Protestant administration must be incompat-
ible." , , '
I will read one more extract from Right Rev.
Dr. England, in confirmation of this same point.
It is so pointed, so clear, and so conclusive, I
cannot forbear. I ask your special attention, Mr.
Chairman, to this extract. In speaking of the
Constitution of the United States he says:
" The American Constitution leaves its citiseps in perfect
freedom to have whom they please to regulate their spiritual
concerns. But if rite Pope were to declare war against
America, and any Roman Catholic, under the pretext of
! spiritual obedience, were to reftise to oppose this temporal
aggressor, he would deserve to he punished for his retiisal,.
because he ewesit to this Co venimeut to maintain its rights*
