1856.J
APPENDIX ^ ¥HE CONGRE9SR)NAL Gtj<lBE.
S-Jt'h Cong....1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Talbott.
Hoi or Reps.
Anil spiritual powfer does not, and rtinnot, destroy the claim
which tbe Government has upon km."
This, Mr. Chairman, is not only pointed but
irresistibly conclusive, as to whether a Catholic
can be faithful to the Pope, and faithful to his
own Government, provided they be at war.
"Why, sir, Bishop England here states, in so
many words, that if the old Pope himself were
to declare war against the United States, and any
Catholic in the Union were to refuse to repel him
as an aggressor, he would deserve to be punished,
because his obligations to defend his own country
and maintain her righ'ts are higher and above his
obligations tts the Pope. Nothing could be more
pointed, nothing more conclusive, than this state-
ment of Bishop England in regard to the obliga-
tions that the Catholic citizen in this country
owes to the Pope of Rome.
But, again, I will read from the speech of Hon.
Mr. Chandler,embracing the opinion of the Pope
himself (p. 115) upon the points in controversy.
The extract is as follows:
" Mr. Chairman, the sqmecircumstances which induced
that great statesman, Mr. Pitt, to address the six Catholic
Universities, led the Roman Catholic Archbishops of Ire-
land to adiliess the Pope himself on the subject, and the
an-wer was as clear and explicit as those of the Univers-
ities. Solemn deliberation was given in the congregation
of Cardinals, and the response was made m the most formal
manner, as declaring the doctrine of the Catholic Church
on the subject involved in the questions. I copy froiji an
authentic report :
"' The Roman Catholic Archbishops of- Ireland, at their
meeting in Dublin, m 1791, addressed a letter to the Eope,
wherein they described the misrepresentations that had been
recently published of their consecration oath, and the great I
injurv to the Catholic body arising from them.' * * *
After due deliberation at Rome, the congregation of j
Cardinals appointed to superintend tbe ecclesiastical affairs !
of these kingdoms, returned an answer, (of which the fol-
low ing is an extract,) by the authority and command of his
holiness:
" ' Most Illustrious and most Reverend Lords and Brothers: |
'■' We perceive from your late letter the great uneasiness
you labor under since the publication of a pamphlet enti-
tled The present State of the Church of Ireland, from which
our detractors have taken occasion to renew the old cal-
umny against the Catholic religion with increased acri-
monv; namely: that this religion is, by no means, compatible
vith'the safety of Kings and Republics; because, as they say,
the Roman Pontiff being the father and master of all Cath-
olics, and invested with such great authority, that he can
free the subjects of other kingdoms from their fidelity and
oaths of allegiance to Kinzs and Princes, he lias it in his
power, they contend, to cause disturbances and injure the
public tranquillity of kingdoms with ease. We wonder
that you could be uneasy at these complaints, especially i
after vour most excellent brother and apostolical fellow- ,
laborer, the Archbishop of Cashel, and other strenuous
defenders of the rights of the Holy See, had evidently re-
futed and explained away these slanderous reproaches in
their celebrated writings. In this controversy, a most
accurate discrimination should be rftftde between the genu-
ine rights of the Apostolic Seft, aB(l thOse ttat are itnpated
to it by innovators of this age for the purpose of calumni-
ating. The See of Rome never taught that faith is not to be
kept with the heterodox: that an oath to Kings separated
from the Catholic communion can be violated: that it is
lawful for the Bishop of Rome to invade their temporal rights
and dominions. We, too, consider an attempt or design
against the life of Kings and Princes, even under the pretext
of religion, as a horrid and detestable crime.' "
You will see, Mr. Chairman, that the Pope
disavows, positively and unequivocally, the doc-
trines and powers attributed to him by his ene-
mies. He certainly ought to be considered good
and conclusive authority, according to the rule
laid down by my honorable colleague—that every
party should be the only true exponent of its
own views.
I will read now an extract from a speech of the
Hon. Garret Davis, who, as 1 before said, was
the choice of the southern wing of the Know
Nothing party for the Presidency, in place of
Mr. Fillmore, I read this extract to show that
in the judgment of that great man, at the time he
made his speech in the late Kentucky Constitu-
tional Convention, it would be wrong to attempt
to exclude native-born Catholics from office; be-
cause, as he says in the extract, which I will now
read: "It is their birthright; and they are as
competent to take charge of those high trusts as
he, (Mr. Davis,) or any other person." It reads
as follows:
" I have known Roman Catholics, residents of Maryland,
of Louisiana, and of ourState, excellent people—so far as I
tould judge the heart of man, as good as any whatever. I
liave had the happiness to make the acquaintance of
several sen^emen, members ot this body, who, I am in-
formed, are of that faith ; and none here have a larger
t-liare of my esteem and confidence. My belief is, I know
no better men tettyvubere—none more fit to assume the re-
sponsibilities of geltgovernment, or to discharge the duties
of good citizens, both pnblic and private. These men, and
all Catholics born and educated in this country of light
and liberty, are, and were, by me, intended to remain far
from the operation of any principle which I have submitted
to the convention ; because our country and its institutions
Were as much their birthright as mine, and they as well
qualified to take charge of both as myself or any others."
This, sir, is the testimony of a political oppo-
nent of the Catholics—and his testimony ought
to be conclusive with his own party—and if it is,
it forever settles the questions as to the Catholics
in this country.
I desire now, Mr. Chairman, to read a brief
history of the investigation and adjudication of
this whole subject by the British Parliament; one
which, 1 think, should put the question, as to the
power of the Pope over the Catholics in this
country, forever at rest.
The question of granting to Ireland a part of
the privileges enjoyed by the people of Great
Britain, being under consideration, the question
was raised with regard to the asserted power of
the Roman Pontiff to interfere in internal affairs
of other Governments. This being the question,
and producing great excitement, the three follow-
ing questions were prepared by Mr. Pitt, Prime
Minister of England in 1789, through the Catho-
lics of London, to six of the most learned Catho-
lic universities of Europe, viz: of Paris, of
Douay, of Louvain, of Acala, of Salamanca, and
of Valladolid. The questions are pointed, and the
answers unequivocal. They read as follows:
1. Question. Has the Pope, or Cardinals, or any body
of men, or uny individual of the Church of Rome, any civil
a uthority, power, jurisdiction, or preeminence whatsoever
within the realm of England?
" Answer. Neither the Pope, nor the Cardinals, nor
any body of men, nor any other person of the Church of
Rome, hath any civil authority, civil power, civil jurisdic-
tion, or civil preeminence whatsoever in any kingdom,
consequently none in the kingdom of England.
"•2. Question. Can the Pope, or Cardinals, or any body
of men, or any individual, of the Church of Rome, absolve
or dispense-with his Majesty's subjects from their oath of
allegiance, upon any pretext whatever?
" Jhisver. Neither the Pope, nor the Cardinals, nor
any body of men, nor any individual of the Church of
Rome, can, by the virtue of the keys, absolve or release
the subjects of the King of England from their oath of
allegiance.
" 3. Question. Is there any principle in the tenets of the
Catholic faith by which Catholics are justified in not keep-
ing faith with heretics, or other persons differing from them
in their religious opinions, in any transaction, either of a
public or a private character?
"Answer. There is no tenet in the Catholic churches by
which Catholics are justified in not keeping faith with her-
etics, or those who differ from them in matters of religion.
The tenet that it is lawful to break faith wUlt iiesetieB
is so repugnant to common honesty and the opinions of
Catholic^, that tiie^e is nothing,of which those who have
We vSxnmK ftfith against Protestants have com-
platnedmore heavily, than the malice and calumny of their
adversaries in imputing this tenet to them."
These, Mr. Chairman, are the questions put
by Mr. Pitt, through the Catholics of London, in
1789, to the six universities before mentioned,
and these are the answers to said questions, given
by the university at Paris, in March, 1789; and
they are ratified and confirmed by the other five
universities—all of which I have before me, but
not time to read—Douav, Louvain, Alcala, Sala-
manca, and Valadolid, though not in the identical
letters and words, yet in sentiment identical and
unequivocal.
Now, sir, what becomes of the charges pre-
! ferred against the Catholics in this country after
these responses, and according to the rule laid
down by my colleague, [Mr. Cox,] that every
party should be considered the only true and
legitimate exponent of its own views and doc-
trines? Shall we discard my colleague's rule,
and say that the Catholics are not, and should not
be, considered the only true and legitimate expo-
nents of their own views ? Shall we say that ray
honorable colleague's rule if a good one by which
to try Know Nothings,, but a bad one by which
to try Catholics ? Shall we, to save the incon-
sistencies, the absurdities, and cruelties, of Know
Nothingism, say that the whole Catholic Church,
from the Pope down, (for I have quoted them
all,) are a set of ignoramuses, and do not know
what they believe? Shall we, to save " Sam "
from the universal condemnation of all disinter-
ested men, say that the whole Catholic world are
a set of scamps, rapscallions, and liars, who
could not, or would not, tell the truth if they
knew it? Is it possible, Mr. Chairman, that
the cause of Know Nothingism has become so
desperate that, in order to sustain it in the great
essential element of its Strength, we must say of
the Church which, of all others in the world, has
done most to send the light of literature, science,
and its own peculiar views of religion, all over the
world, is the only Church in the world, which is
so ignorant that they do not know what they
believe; or if they do, that they are so wicked and
vile, they will not tell? Shall we render this judg-
ment against that Church? Will "Sam," sir,
ask it at our hands ? Would it not be more courte-
ous to all parties—would it not be more charitable
to conclude, rather, that " Sam" had been a little
too hasty in his charges upon that Church; and
that as soon as he sees the error of his way, he
will, like a wise man, retrace his steps, and like
a true knight, and gallant and magnanimous foe-
man, take back what he finds himself unable to
sustain by the evidence.
When the British Parliament received the an-
swers, which I have read, from the six churches
referred to, of Paris, &c., they did not say to
these universities that they were ignorant, and
did not know what they believed, or that they
were vile, and would not tell. They received
them in the same spirit in which the questions had
been propounded; and when they had considered
them in Parliament, satisfied as they were that
their answers contained the truth, and were a
complete refutation of the charges preferred
against the Catholics of that country by their
enemies, (and they were precisely the same as
those now preferred against the same people in
this country by the Know-Nothing party,) they
removed the disabilities which had been before
Imposed upon them by law. This is the in-
vestigation, the decision, and action upon this
great question, by a body of men, all of whom,
in their religious faith, stood opposed to the ten-
ets and dogmas of the Catholic creed, and in
legal and literary attainments, not surpassed by
any other in the world. Sir, this decision and
action of the British Parliament, removing the
disabilities from Catholics on account of their
religion, formed a neweratin her history, and
merits our highest consideration. It was not
only hailed with joy and thanksgiving by Cath-
olics, but by Protestants also. The imposition
of the disabilities on Catholics in England, liad
not only proved unjust and oppressive upon them,
but it had been^dSo a: Complete clog to the growth,
of Protestantism.
In si speech of Dr. Chalmers, of the Scotch
Presbyterian church, and one of the most learned
divines in the world, made at Edinburgh, Scot-
land, he stated: "That from the day that England
commenced the plan of propping up Protestant-
ism, and suppressing Catholicism by law—from
that very day, Catholicism grew, and Protestant-
ism Avaned; that the law of disabilities upon
Catholics, stood like a wall of fire between them
and Protestants; that they looked upon Protest-
ants as their enemies, seeking to oppress and
crush them, and they would not therefore hear
them preach, and could not, consequently, be
converted by them." It is in this country as it
was in that. If you wish to build up the Catho-
lic, and put down the Protestant church, impose
disabilities on Catholics, and prop up the Protest-
ant by law. If you want to build up the Protest-
ant church and convert the Catholics, strike out
all disabilities, and let all be free. All that is
wanted to make Protestantism the religion of the
world, is a free circulation of a faithful translation
of the Scriptures, in the vernacular language of
every nation upon earth. A religion that requires
a law of the State to commend, or the swora and
strong arm of the Government to enforce it, in
my judgment is not the religion of the Bible, as
taught by Jesus of Nazareth, nor is it the religion
of Protestants as taught by Martin Luther. But
let us see if Protestantism needs any props of
law, either directly or indirectly,in this country.
How many Protestant, and hNDw mftny Catholic
churches have we in the United States >
I have shown you thcrt the Catholics would not
subvert our glorious Government if they could.
I now purpose to show you that they could not,
ifthey would. Letus, then, see. I read from the
census of 1850, taken under a special act of Con-
gress from table on page 133, that the total num-
ber of churches of all denominations in the United
