}«88
[Ju1^{28,
34th CoNG.t4.lst Sess.
^National Politics—'Ufa.,Talbqtt.
Hq./pf,E^?s>
States ia thirty-eight thousand one hundred and
eighty-three; of that number only one thousand
two hundred and twenty-seven are Catholic,show-
ing about thirty-seven thousand Protestant to one
thousand Catholic. Does this look like the Catholic
church in this country was about to overrun the
Protestant? Does this look like they could, if they
would, soon get the possession ana control of the
Government? ThirtyWven thousand to one thou-
sand, and yet there is danger! To say this is to
acknowledge that error is mightier than truth—
the few more powerful, than the many. Such
a decision might be. all right and proper in a
Know Nothing council, but in no other council
upon earth. 1 am a Protestant, and I will not so
stultify myself, and reflect upon the church of
which I am a member,as to say, that thirty-seven
Protestant churches, in a free and republican
Government, with truth on their side, could not
and would not, in any controversy, in any contin-
gency, or in any country, be able to withstand
one Catholic church, with no arms of offense or
defense but error. The truth of the gospel of
Christ is rnigljty, and will prevail; and needs no
other sward than the sword of the spirit—the
word of God. Give us, then, what was won
for us by our fathers In the Revolution, and se-
cured to us by our glorious Constitution—the
freedom of religion and the equality of rights.
It is all that Catholics ask; it is all that Protest-
ants need.
I have shown you, Mr. Chairman, two errors
in the positions assumed by the Know Nothing
party—first, that the Catholic church would not,
if it could, and secondly, could not, if it would,
control and subvert the Government. I now de-
sire to show another egregious error into which,
many of the Know Nothings fell, in my district,
and I presume it was the case in other places.
They all started out with the general assumption,
that the Catholic was .by far the richest and
most influential church in the United States; and
some went so far as io say, that it was actually
worth a hundred, millions of church property;
that it was sweeping over the country with the
old Pope at its head, and would, if not checked
at once, soon have possession of the Government,
destroy our liberties, and forever annihilate our
free institutions. This is'.the sort of doctrine
preached in my country, during my canvass, to
rouse the prejudices, to fire the passions and ex-
cite the fears of the people. They said there,
that Catholics would not tolerate Protestants, and
Protestants should not, and as far as they were i
concerned, they would not, tolerate Catholics. '
Now let us see what the facia are in regard to this
matter. Let us see if the Catholic Church is worth :
a hundred millions, or if it is richer than any I
other, or 90 rich as many others, and all about it, I
if we can. I will read from the census of the |
United States, table on page 135, which is as fol-
lows:
The Methodist church, worth ^14,826,148
The Presbyterian   14,557,089
The Baptist   11,001,137
The Episcopal.         11,384,210
The Roman Catholic. '.   9,256,758
The Congregational     7,970,195
Total value of all the churches 87,446,371
Prom this table, Mr. Chairman, you will see
at once, that, so far from the Catholic being the
richest church in the Union, as contended for by
many, the Methodist and Presbyterian churches
are each worth nearly double the amount of
the Catholic; while, the Baptist and Episcopal
are each worth about one third more. And bo
far from the Catholic church, as was contend-
ed for by some, being worth a hundred millions
of property, all the churches in the Union put
together are only worth notquite ninety millions—
say ninety for even count—and of this ninety
millions, the Roman Catholics only have nine;
while the Protestants have eighty-one millions.
Is impossible, I ask again, that eighty-one millions
of Protestant church property, with truth, as all
Protestants agree, upon their side, with the un-
restrained privilege of preaching it whenever and
wherever tney please, cannot compete success-
fully with only nine millions of Catholic church
property, without being propped or sustained by
the strong arm or political machinery of the Gov-
ernment? Sir, such a state of facts may seem
questionable, or look scary, to a Know Nothing
in the dark 5 .but to one not initiated,seen in the
daytime, and viewed in the light of truth, nothing
could appear more preposterous and absurd.
I will riow read, Mr. Chairman, an article fVom
the Philadelphia Ledger, showing the relative
strength and numbers of almost every church in
the United States, and made out from the census
tables, to which I have already referred. It reads
as follows:
' "Rkmoious Denobinations of the United States.
Thfe number of religions sects in the United States is
twenty, without counting the Chinese Buddhists in Califor-
nia, or sundry minor Christian denominations. The whole
number of edifices is about, thirty-six thousand, capable of
accommodating fourteen millions of people. The total
1 value of church property held by these twenty denomina-
tions, is nearly ninety millions of exact num-
bers, $86,416)639. The average value of each church and
its appurtenances is twenty-four hundred dollars. These
facts, whic|i are derived froip'official tables for the census,
explode another false notion, which is that there is'too much
luxary and wealth in American churches. > ■:"
"The most,numerous eectin the United States is the
Methodist, the.second the Baptist, and the third the Presby-
terian. The first has church accommodations for over four
millions of worshipers; in other words, the Methodists have
1 houses of worship for one sixth.tiie entire population. The
Baptists have accommodations for more than three millions,
and the Presbyterians for more than two. The fourih sect,
I in the extent of its accommodations, is the Congregational;
the fifth the Episcopalian; and1 the sixth the Roman Catho-
lic. The number of churches belonging to the three leading
denominations does always follow this proportion,however.
The Methodist, for example, while they can accommodate
twice as many worshipers as the Presbyterians, have three
times as many churches. The Roman Catholics, though
sixth on the list as regards accommodations, stand seventh
in the number of their churches. Of the principal sects,
that which has the smallest edifices for worship, is the
Methodists; and those which have the largest are the Uni-
tarians and the Dutch Reformed. The smallest denomina-
tion is the Swedenborgian, and the next the Mennonite.
There are no. less than fifty-two Tunker churches, and
thirty-five thousand worshipers. The Friends, so numer
ous in this city, have accommodations for about three hun-
dred thousand, or but little more than .one hundredth of the
entire population of the United States.
"The richest denomination is the Methodist, which is
set down in the census tables at §14,828,148. Irie next is
the Presbyterian, which is rated at 814,557,089. The Epis-
copal, which in number of churches stands fifth, ranks
third for its church property, being estimated at'#11,384,210.
The fourth is the Baptist, 811,001,127; the fifth the Ro-
man Catholic, ®9,236,758; and the sixth the Congregational,
$7,970,195. Of these various sects, the two which sympa-
thize the most in doctrine, are the Congregationalisms and
Presbyterians—both adhering to the Westminster Cate-
chism, and differing only in their form of government, the
one being republican, the other democratic. Together
these two sects have over six thousand churches, can seat
nearly three millions of worshipers, and hold church prop-
erty to the value of more than twenty-two millions."
But it is said that in no Catholic country upon
earth will they tolerate Protestants. Ib this true?
Let nef'see. WTiat, sir, are the facts? Why, in
Austria,, the oldest Catholic monarchy in Europe,
there were, in 1851, about 22,000,000 off Roman
Catholics, and in all other denominations about
10,000,000. In Prussia there wefre,.in 1849,
10,016,798 Protestants, and only 6,0.79,613 Cath-
olics; while in Switzerland, in 1850, there were
only 80,000 Catholics and 153,000 Protestants;
and in Prance, to say nothing of the other king-
doms of Europe, in Catholic France, we have
2,000,000 Protestants—30,000 of them in the city
of Paris—and they there pay oar Protestant
preachers now, out of the public treasury. In all
Great Britain, according to the elensus, the Cath-
olics have only 570 churches, while, the Metho-
dists have near 12,000, andtlieChurch of England
14j078; the Baptists 2,500. Why, sir, the King
of Belgium is a Protestant, though his subjects
are mostly Catholics. The King of Saxony is a
Catholic, though most of his subjects are Protest-
ants. The King of Greece is a Catholic, though
most of his subjects are of the Greek Church. 1
only refer you to these facts and figures, Mr. Chair-
man, to show you that every assumption of
Know Nothingism fails when you come to the
proof; and that, while other nations are advancing
in Christian civilization, w« are about to take a
retrogade step. j
What else do they say? They say that in all ;
countries, and in every age of the world, has the :
Catholic religion been inimical to republican j
government; and that no Republic would stand ;
if put under Catholic control. Why, sir, what;
are the facts ? The first colony in America that
ever established the equality of Christians, was ,
the Catholic colony of Maryland, of which this
District once formed part. While the Episco- ,
palians were persecuting the Puritans in one sec- [
tion of the country, and the Puritans persecuting I
^Episcopalian*. in anoth8r„tha.C*th«lic colony
of Maryland was the only city of refuge for them
all. What e lse ?, Why, the oldest Republic in th e
world-, is the Republic of San Moreno—notaday 'a
journey from the Eternal City. It has stood for
abottt one thousand four hundred and fifty years,
I think, a pure Republic, under the protection of
the Pope. Ag&u>« the Republic of Andora, in tthe
Spanish Pyrenees. It is a pure democracy, gov-
erned by men of its own choice, and under th#
protection of the Bishop of Urgil. But what else ?
Why, Kossuth, the great Hungarian, was a Prot-
estant; and he was elected, in the) very heart of
Austria, the oldest Catholic monarchy in Europe.
What for ? To revolutionize that Cat holic cou n-
try, to establish a republic. And who sustained
and elected, him ? The Catholics of Hungary;.
Why, sir, but for the combined armies of France
and Austria, the old Pope himself, in less than
one year from to-day, would be driven from the
Eternal City,, or forced to declare in favor of a
republican government. Yes, sir, the same re-
publican Catholic spirit which, elected-Kossuth
to revolutionize Austria, would revolutionize
Rome in less than a year, if Louis Napoleon and
the Czar of all the Russias would only withdraw
their armies. And yet, say the Know Nothings,
Catholics are always and everywhere inimical
to human liberty. Now, read the history of our
country, written' in the blood of our fathers,
showing that, on every battle-field, from Boston
to California, in the war of the Revolution, in
the war of 1812, and in the war with Mexico,
the native born,and naturalized, the Protestant
and Roman Catholic, have stood side by side and
shoulder to shoulder, and poured out their blood
like water, in one common stream, in defense
of their common country. Read then the his-
tory of Protestantism, written in the blood of the
martyrs, who fell in defense of the freedom of
religion and the equality of rights. Read then
the history of the blessed Bible, our old family
Bible, which we keep on the stand, written
in the blood of. the Son of God, and teaching
us to do unto others as we would have others do
unto us; and then say whether we should not
expel from our once happy land all this flum-
mery of Know Nothingism, and leave the Cath-
olic and naturalized citizen where we would have
them leave us, if they had the power—free to
worship God as we pleased, without stint or
mainprize; or, in the beautiful language of the
song of ths "Pilgrim Fathers,"
" LeaVe untouched what here we founds
Freedom to worship God."
But, again: How have Protestants gained this
wonderful foothold in the old countries ? By our
example, by.our religious toleration, by our diplo-
macy, and by our Protestant missionaries. We
have tolerated all religions heretofore, without
restraint. By it we have obtained like privileges
for Protestantism in Catholic countries in Europe^
We are now converting thousands annually. The
cause of Protestantism is onward in those coun-
tries now; but let us set the; example of proscrip-
tions here, lex us ostracise the Catholic, let us be
the first to begin religious intolerance; and, sir,
in every Catholic country in Europe would the
iron heel of despotism at once be placed upon
the heads of Protestants, and the great cause of
Protestantism would be rolled back at once for a
thousand years. In the name, ther), of Protest-
antism I protest against the unwise, unjust, im-
politic, and suicidal principles and policy of the
Know Nothing party.
j But they say that Catholic's have persecuted
| Protestants; and they refer to the bloody tragedy
and massacre of St. Bartholomew's day, and
i other days of persecution and massacre, in tha
j dark ages of the world, and under monarchical
I forms of government. This I admit. I admit
that Catholics have persecuted Protestants, and
| Protestants have persecuted Catholics,in the dark
i ages of the world, and under arbitrary and mo-
1 narchical Governments, and I condemn it, on an
sides, as cruel, inhuitian, and anti-Christian.
But, sir, because Catholics did wrong then,
is that any reason we should do wrong now?
Because Catholics persecuted Protestants in the
dark ages of the world, under monarchical Gov-
ernments, is that any reason Protestants should
now persecute Catholics in the most enlightened
