1856]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.1239
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Politics^—"Mr. Talbott.
Ho. op Reps.
ase and in the freest Government upon earth ?
Because Catholics then, at the point of the bayo-
nrt. wore driven to the persecution and massacre
of Protestants, to satiate the bloodthirsty ambi-
tion of some reigning prince, is that any reason
that Protestants now, in this free ana happy
land, should, of their own free will and choice,
commence the same cruel work of incipient per-
secution and massacre? None, sir; none what-
ever. If it was wrong in Catholics then, to per-
secute Protestants, it would be wrong in Protest-
nnts now, to persecute Catholics. God forbid
that Protestants should ever be guilty of doing
that which they condemn in others ! God forbid
that they should ever attempt to justify them-
selves in doing wrong, because others have done
wrong ! God forbid that Protestants should ever
hold up the cruel actions of professed Christians
of the dark ages and monarchical Governments,
as worthy the imitation of Protestants, in this
age of light and liberty! No, no, Mr. Chairman,
we are governed now by a higher sense ofjustice
—a more elevated morality and a purer Christi-
anitv. They were governed and controlled by
the law of might—we by the law of right. They
were controlled by the principle of temporal—we
by the principle of eternal good. They were gov-
erned by the laws founded in the selfish ambition
of men—we by the laws founded in the wisdom
and goodness of God. They adopted the princi-
ples taught by the King temporal—we the princi-
ples taught by the King eternal.
Talk, sir, about proscribing a man on account
of his religion! There is nothing so revolting to
mv feelings, so violative of the great essential
principles of Protestant Christianity. You can-
not change a man's religious faith by proscription
or persecution; it has been tried. Look at the
great Apostle Peter, who, when he was being
crucified at Rome on the rack, and tortured by
piercing his body with red hot spits, at the bid-
ding of the cruel and relentless Emperor, to make
him renounce his faith in Jesus of Nazareth.
Hear him, in the midst of his tortures, and last
expiring throes, still exclaim that "Jesus is the
Christ,^he Son of the living God." You cannot
change a man's religious faith; and it is wrong
to attempt to proscribe him on account of it.
You may take the body, chain, fetter, treat it as
you will—spit upon it, trample it under your feet;
it is but dust—mortal; but leave, oh! leave the
mind, the eternal spirit, free to commune as it
will with the God that gave it; it is immortal.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am no Catholic. I am
neither a Catholic nor a foreigner. I am a native
by birth, and a member of a Protectant ■church,
and have been for nearly twenty-five years. I
am, sir, of native-born Protestant parents—was
raised a Protestant, and taught to disbelieve, and
dp disbelieve, the dogmas of the Catholic church.
* But, sir, I am not called upon, as a religionist,
to sit in judgment upon the tenets or dogmas of
the Catholic creed, to approve or disapprove
them. That is not my position; that is a ques-
tion purely between the Catholic and his God,
and with which I have nothing to do. I am called
upon, in my representative and legislative capac-
ity, to vindicate the Constitution of my country,
and maintain and defend the rights secured and
guarantied by that Constitution to every citizen
in the Government, whether native-born or natu-
ralized, Protestant or Roman Catholic. And,
as far as my feeble ability will enable me, I
intend to do it, without favor or affection.
I have now said all I have to say about the
specific doctrines of Know Nothingism. A word
now about Black Republicanism.
About this party, Mr. Chairman, and ite prin-
ciples, I have but little to say. They have but one
distinctive idea, and that is, opposition to slavery
—a war, and a war of ultimate extermination,
against the peculiar institutions of the South.
They first assume that slavery is not known to
the Constitution, and, consequently, there is no
obligation resting upon them to protect the right
of property in slaves at any time, in any place,
or in any manner. But when shown that the
Constitution not only recognizes slavery, but ac-
tually tolerated the slave trade for a term of years,
and that ttrovision is made in the Constitution
for the rendition of fugitive slaves, and that only
three fifths of that portion of the population of
the South should be counted in the apportion-
ment of representation—when shown that all the
States in the Union but one, at the time the Con-
stitution was adopted, were slave States, and that
the Constitution was made by slaveholders, and
for the express purpose of better securing their
property, and defending and maintaining their
rights—why, sir, when shown all this, and sat-
isfied of its truth, they fly off and say slavery
is wrong in the abstract, and ought not to be toler-
ated—it is a violation of the laws of God—a sin
in the sight of Heaven, and shall not be tolerated.
Well, sir, when they are then shown that there
is not a solitary passage in our old-fashioned
family Bibles, from the beginning of Genesis to
the end of Revelations, that prohibits slavery, or
says one man shall not own property in another—
that God, through Moses, authorized the Jews
to purchase and hold slaves forever; that Abra-
ham, Isaac, and Jacob had hosts of slaves while
in full fellowship with God; that slavery has ex-
isted in every age of the world since the flood,
patriarchal, Jewish, and Christian; that it was
known, approved, and provided for by God the
Father in the institution of the passover and cir-
cumcision; that it was seen, justified, and regu-
lated by God the Son in the institution of bap-
tism and the Lord's supper; that it never was
censured, condemned, or interdicted under the old
dispensation by prophet, priest, or king—nor
under the new Dy apostle,elder, ordeacon; when
«rtown all this, and convinced and driven to the
wall on this point, they fly off, and say, " Well, if
you had not passed the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
we might have gotten on perhaps for awhile longer
tolerably well without much trouble; but you
have passed that infamous bill, and repealed the
glorious Missouri compromise line, and we intend
now to make a clean sweep of you; we intend
to have no more slave States—no more slave
Presidents; we intend to take the Government
into our own hands—thus far shalt thou come and
no further; we intend to restore the Missouri com-
promise, and make Kansas free; apply the Wil-
mot proviso, and forever close the doors to sla-
very in the Territories; repeal, or not execute, the
fugitive slave law; restrict slavery to the States
where it now exists; and finally, when we get
the power, abolish it altogether."
Now, sir, this is the ground the Black Re-
publicans assume, and the reason, they say, is,
the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. They
say that the passage of this bill m the eause of
the present agitation in the country. If so, sir,
what was the cause of the agitation in 1820 ?
There was no Missouri compromise repealed
then: still the whole country was convulsed with
the slavery agitation. What was the cause of
the agitation in 1849-50 ? There was no Mis-
souri compromise line repealed then: still the
whole country was in a perfect state of frenzy
about the slavery agitation, and the wisest heads
and strongest hearts trembled for the safety of the
Republic. Yet there was no Missouri com-
promise repealed, or proposed to be repealed,
then. The proposition, then, from the South,
was to abide by the Missouri compromise line,
and to extend it in the like good faith in which
it was originally adopted—to the Pacific ocean—
and stop all agitation, and forever put to rest this
vexed question of slavery. But these same
men—these very identical men, who are now
making so much fuss about a repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise line, are the men—ah! sir, the
very men, who then opposed that line, and swore
that not another State, either north or south of
it, should ever come into the Union as a slave
State; thus repudiating the line altogether and
forever. Yes, these very same men who re-
pudiated it then are now the most clamorous
about its repeal. Yes, sir, in 1848 these very
men agitated, and said that this Missouri line was
unjust, and had been imposed on the North by
the aagressive policy of the South, and they
woulcl not observe it—they would not carry it
out. In 1864-55-56 they again agitate, and say
it has been repealed by the aggressive policy
of the South, without their consent, and they will
not stand it. They denounced it in 1848 as infa-
mous and invalid. They laud it in 1854-55-56
as glorious and inviolable; that it was an aggres-
sion upon the North to pass it; that it is an ag-
gression upon the North to repeal it; that the
South is always aggressive—encroaching upon
the North; that the North has been driven to
agitation in self-defense. This is the position
assumed by the Black Republican party, and this
the sort of subterfuge they resort to to justify
' themselves before the country.
Now, sir, nothing can be more unreasonable
than these complaints of the North against the
South about the aggressive policy of slavery.
They allege that the South has encroached, and
is constantly endeavoring to encroach, upon the
North in the maintenance of slavery. Let us
examine, Mr. Chairman, the history of the sub-
ject, and ascertain how far the facts sustain the
allegation.
To say nothing of the extent and influence of
slavery, so far as the original thirteen States are
concerned, I will begin with the Northwestern
Territory belonging to the State of Virginia. This
was slave territory, but, by a condition attend-
ing the cession of this territory to the Federal
Government, it became free territory, out of
which five free States have since been made,
adding to the strength of the North, and weaken-
ing the slave power of the Union—increasing
northern territory three-fold, and reducing south-
ern nearly one half. In 1783, at the conclusion
of peace, the States then north of Mason and
Dixon's line had 164,081 square miles; the States
then south of that line had 647,202 square miles.
This surrender of the South, and this accession to
the North, increased the northern territory to
425,761 square miles, and reduced the southern
to 385,531* square miles. What next ?
The whole of the Louisiana Territory was,
when we purchased it, slave territory by the local
laws. Upon the application of Missouri, (apart
of this territory,) to be admitted as a State into
the Union, the North objected, unless she would
provide by her constitution to abolish slavery.
! The question was compromised. I will only stop
, here to say, that it was unjustly and unconstitu-
! tionally compromised; but it was compromised,
i and slavery forever prohibited north and west of
| the northern and western boundaries of Missouri,
and north of latitude 36° 30' north. On which
side was the encroachment in this case? It was
! on the side of the North; and the South, in an
evil hour, yielded to the unjust and unconsti-
tutional exaction, and lost a large territory, which
ahe had a perfect right to claim for slave territory.
Again: when we were about to acquire Texas,'
it was objected that it was slave territory. By
the local laws of Texas slavery did exist there.
But she was admitted into the Union only upon
condition that slavery should forever be prohibited
in a]lthat part of the Territory lying north of
| 36° Here, sir, is another encroachment of
the North upon southern rights.
Again, Mr. Chairman, Oregon, including what
is now the Territory of Washington, was origin-
ally slave territory. Yet by the law organising
a territorial government for Oregon, slavery was
prohibited there. And thus another instance of
encroachment of the North upon the South, while
not a single instance of southern encroachment
upon the North can be adduced—not one.
To sum it all up in round numbers, the States
north of Mason and Dixon's line, since 1783,
by all the different cessions, adj ustmen ts, and com -
promises, have in creased from 164,081 to 1,903,204
square miles, having added to their territorial
limits 1,738,123 square miles; while the southern
States have increased from 647,202 to 882,253
square miles, having added but 235,043 square
miles to their territorial limits; showing that,
while the North has increased in territorial limits
about twelve hundred per cent., the Sooth, in the
same time, has increased a little lew.than fifty per
cent. And yet they say the South i® aggressive,
and always has been.
What else, sir ? By a solemn com pact embraced
in the organic law of thift Federal Union, without
which the Union itaelf never could have been
formed, the northed* States bound themselves to
deliver up fugitive slaves. They have not only
disregarded this solemn obligation, but in some
instances have enacted positive laws to prohibit
