1240
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJK.
[July 28,
34th Cong..,. 1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Talbott.
Ho. or Reps.
it? execution. I hare shown you the instances
in which the North have encroached upon the
South. Here is one instance of broken faith on
the part of the I^o/th with the South. .The next
is in the non-observance and repudiation of the
Missouri compromise line as a principle of adjust-
ment upon the slavery question, so unjustly and
unconstitutionally forced upon the South by the
North in the first instance.
In 1820, as I have stated, the North imposed
upon the South the Missouri restriction unjustly
and in violation of the Constitution; but in an
evil hour the South agreed to acccpt it as an ad-
justment of the then pending difficulties upon the
subject of slavery. Well, sir, when Texas was
annexed in 1845, and the question was again
raised aboutslavery, the South, true toher under-
standing of the Missouri compromise as a prin-
ciple of adjustment, proposed, for the same rea-
son that they had agreed to the line in 1820, to
extend it through Texas to her western border
and cut herself off from slave territory, which
xhe then had and to which she was justly entitled.
Well, sir, it was agreed to, and the North got the
benefit of it. ;
What next? In 3848, at the conclusion of the 1
Mexican war, and by the treaty of Guadalupe i
Hidalgo, we acquired a large tract of country, I
now known as California, Utah, and New Mex- {
ico. Territorial governments had to be organized j
for them; and the question, 41 How shall it be •
done, so as to do justice to the North and South r" j
was raised. The South again, true to her under- j
standing of the Missouri compromise line, for \
the same reasons which had induced its adop- !
Uon in 1820, proposed to extend it to the Pa- j
ciilc ocean, and thus divide the newly-acquired :
territory equitably, as they thought, between the
North and the South, upon the basis of the Mis-
souri line, which the North had originally forced |
upon the South against her will, and thus to put i
to rest forever the slavery agitation, which, un- i
happily, had so long disturbed the repose of the j
country. Well, in conformity to this view of !
the South, Mr. Douglas, of Illinois, in 1846, j
offered a bill m the Senate to extend the line of i
36° 30' to the Pacific ocean. Tiie Senate agreed
to it, and passed the bill; but when it was sent
to this House, the same party that is now making i
so much noise in the country rejected it with great j
contempt. They turned round, and ran Mr .'"Van j
Buren for the Presidency upon the Buffalo plat- ;
form, declaring that not another slave State should
ever be admitted into the Union, either north cr '
south of the Missouri compromise line. Thus, 1
by their votes in this House against the Senate
bill, and their votes for Mr. Van Buren for the
Presidency, they repudiated and wiped out for- '
ever, as far as they are concerned, the line of 36° 1
30'; and they stand to-day completely estopped !
from all cause of complaint against Congress for !
repealing the Missouri compromise line by the i
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, because I
they, by two solemn acts, (the one the vote against i
the Senate bill, the other the vote for Mr. Van
Buren for the Presidency,) had repealed the same j
hnesixyearsbefore. They have no right now to :
complain of Congress for doing that which they I
themselves had done six years previous. |
Mr. PURVIANCE. I wish to ask the gen- <
tleman, for whom those votes now go that were j
cast for Mr. Van Buren then? j
Mr. TALBOTT. I cannot tell. Mr. Van 1
Buren, 1 understand, has seen the error of his '•
way, and will vote for Mr. Buchanan. And .
it would be well if all those who voted for Mr. i
Van Buren in 1848 would repent of their sins I
and go and do likewise. I only ro.gret that they i
do not do so. It they would, it would give repose :
to the country, and stability to the Union. !
But, Mr. Chairman, this is the condition in !
which Congress and the country were left from 1
1818 to 1850. A large tract of country had been '
acquired from Mexico; it was filling up rapidly, |
and territorial governments were needed for the ;
whole. The slavery agitation was shaking the j
Government to its center; the Missouri corapro- !
mise stood repudiated by the North; no mode j
of adjustment hitherto adopted and sanctioned i
by the country seemed practicable; and Congress !
had to devise some new plan of adjustment to I
! avert the impending storm, which seemed to
be gathering everywhere for our destruction.
Well, after nearly two years of bard labor,
amid the deepest excitement, by the exertion of
the wisest and best men we had, the plan of
non-intervention, as indicated in the compro-
mise measures of 1850, was recommended and
adopted. Weil,sir, the slavery agitation ceased;
the country was quieted; the measures of 1850
were approved by everybody and by every sec-
tion; the more the principle of non-intervention
I was investigated, the more popularand acceptable
, it seemed to be. Every one who looked at it and
! investigated it, saw at once that it was only carry-
! ing out the great principle upon which our Gov-
! eminent is based—man's right and capability of
j self-government. They saw at onee that it was
j only extending to the Territories precisely the
i same privileges which are now, and have been
! since the Government was first organized, en-
ij joyed by every State in the Union. And, in
|, 1852, the Whig party and the Democratic party
j] both met in national convention, and indorsed
i, the principles of non-intervention, which had
|; been so adopted m lieu of the Missouri restriction,
! in spirit and in substance. We come, then, up
to 1854, with this principle of non-intervention,
' in lieu of the Missouri restriction, adopted by
I Congress, in 1850—adopted by all parties again
in 1852, and approved by the country every-
| where. Kansas and Nebraska were knocking; at
' the door of Congress for territorial bills. Well,
! California was being rapidly settled. Our people,
i North, South, East, and West, seemed dcter-
I mined to go m search of gold. There was no
land route from the North, East, and West,
but through Nebraska. It was then, I think,
! a fine of §1,OCO and six months'imprisonment,
; for any man to be found traveling or trading,
; without permission, in the Indian country. Not-
: withstanding the law of fines and penalties, our
. people were rushing by thousands constantly
I across this Indian-country. Many fell victims to :
1 the tomahawk and scalping-knife of the merciless !
i savages. Something had to be done; a remedy, '
as far as may be, had to be applied. All agreed |
I to tins; all agreed that Kansas ought to have a
territorial organization; but what to do in regard 1
i to slavery, was the question raised. 1
j Now, X contend that there was but one alter- !
i native left. The Missouri compromise stood ;
' repudiated by the North, formally, as a principle; i
locally, and ill a governmental point of view, the j
non-intervention principle had been adopted in ;
lieu, and because tiie North would not suffer the 1
Missouri line to be carried out. Washmgton Ter-
ritory had been organized about eight months after .
the passage of the compromise of 1850, on the
principle of non-intervention. Two portions of
this samo Nebraska Territory had been incor-
porated in the territorial bills of 1850. The one
portion into the territorial bill of New Mexico, '
and the other into the territorial bill of Utah :
, upon the same principle of non-intervention. All 1
parties, and all the people, in all the sections of ■
the Union, had approved the action of Congress ;
m the premises, and I hold that there was no
alternative left for Congress but to do precisely |
what she did do. If it was right to apply the :
principle of non-intervention to a part of the >{
t Nebraska Teiritory, as in the case of Utah and j!
New Mexico, it was right to apply it likewise in ji
[ the case of Kansas and Nebraska; and Congress il
could not have done otherwise, without repudi-
ating what it did in 1850, in the adoption of the 1
non-intervention principle—without repudiating !
: what both the great political parties did m the
' national conventions, m 1852 — without repudi- '
• atmgeven the action of the very men who are ;!
| now so noisy about the repeal of the Missouri ■'
- restriction, for they, as I said before, had repu- ;
dialed the same line six years previous, by their !i
own votes m this House, and at the polls. Now, :j
; sir, I say that, in view of all these facts, Consress
1 could not have done otherwise than pass the !
Kansas and Nebraska bill just as it is. It is ^
just, constitutional, and right; it neither legislates !
j slavery into, nor excludes it from, the Territo- :
! ries, but leaves the people thereof perfectly free
to organize their own governments and regulate 'j
I their own domestic institutions 1'or themselves, u
If, Mr. Chairman, the people are capable of self-
government, who in our country will say they
ought not to do it? If they have the right, wha
will gay they shall not do it ? If, then, they have
both the capacity and the right, in reason's name,
in the name of justice and our glorious Constitu-
tion, let them do it.
Mr- Chairman, near three quarters of a eentur jr
have elapsed since the organization of our Govern-
ment under our present excellent Federal Cc.msti-
tution. Since that time, life, liberty, property,
' and the pursuit of happiness, have been equally
j secured to, and enjoyed by, every citizeij in the
country, native-born and naturalized, Protestant
, and Roman Catholic. We have been the most
: peaceful, prosperous, and happy people in the
| world. We have made the rapid and unpsralleletl
! growth of from three to near thirty millions in
| population, of from thirteen to thirty-one Sates,
! with territory sufficient for from ten to twenty
! more of equal average size with the present. We
! have advanced from poverty to wealth, from
| weakness to strength, from greatness to glory.
Our ships plow every ocean; our sails whiten
every sea; our commerce exteo4s to every civil-
ized nation upon earth; and our power and in-
fluence are felt and respected by every .kingdom
and empire in the worid. Our past has been a
most briliant—a most glorious, career. The God
of nature and of nations seems to hare marked
us for his own. He has not only been good, but
very good to us. He has blessed us in our house,
and in our store; in our people, arid in our rulers;
in our foreign,and in our domestic relations.
Everything that a good Government wisely ad-
ministered—everything that science, literature,
and religion—everything that agriculture, com-
merce, and manufactures—everything, in short,
sir, that human wisdom, human energy, and
human effort, crowned with the blessing of an
omnipotent, omniscient, and beneficent Creator
could accomplish, has been by us most gloriously
j achieved in the past. Yes, sir; and aside from the
j internal feuds, excited by the clamor for Know
I Nothmgism and Black Republicanism, we stand
j to day, with all our population, white and black,
i bond and free, native-born and naturalized—with
J all our religions, Protesiaut and Roman Catholic?—
I and with all our institutions, political, social,aDd
j domestic, the freest and happiest, the most peace-
| ful and prosperous, and the most powerful and
j influential nation upon the face of the green,
j broad earth'
| What more could we have done—what more
| could we have desired to do? 'What more could
! we enjoy—what more could we desire to enjoy—
j than what we now possess: Surely we would
1 prove ourselves ungrateful to ask, arid unworthy
| to receive, if we were to ask more than has been
j so graciously and so bountifully conferred upon
us. This is a true picture—a faithful history of
our past. And how, let me ask you, and through
what human instrumentalities, has all this been
effected r It has not been by the Know Nothing
or Black Republican parties, nor by Know Noth-
ing or Black Republican principles—not by the
declaration, that freedom was national, and' sla-
very sectional—not by declaring and enforcing
the docu-ine of no more slave States, and the
non-rendition of fugitive slaves—not by getting
up new tests of birth and blood, and religion, for
office, unknown to, and violative of, the Consti-
tution—not by getting up a war of races and re-
ligions, drawing invidious distinctions between
the native-born and naturalized, the Protestant
and Roman Catholic, citizen— not by getting up
secret, oath-bound political organizations, and
swearing their members to vote for no man, for
any office in the Government, State or National,
from the highest to the lowest, unless he be a
native-born American citizen, in favor of Amer-
icans ruling America, nor if he be a Roman Cath-
olic. No, Mr. Chairman, it was not by any in-
strumentalities of this sort, that these great ends
have been achieved. How, then, and by what
human instrumentalities, has it all been done ?
By the old Whig and the old Democratic parties,
directed by the unseen but unerring hand ot a
kind Providence, and through the instrumentali-
ties of our glorious Constitution and Union as
they are.
