1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1241
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. A Plea for the Country against the Sections—Mr. Davis, of Maryland. -H#/op Reps.
These new parties, and these wild and imprac-
ticable principles, were unknown in the days of
our Revolution. They were not tausjht, nor would
they have been tolerated if they hail been taught,
in the days of Washington and Jefferson. They
dare not show their heads in the davs of Monroe
or Madison, Calhoun or Jackson, Clay or Web-
ster. 1 know that the Know Nothings assert that
Washington said foreigners would not do to trust
—you mirst keep " none but Americans on guard
to-night." I know they read scraps and pieces
taken from mutilated letters and documents of
Washington and Jefferson, and try to make it
appear that they were in favor of Know Nothing-
ism as now taught. But, sir, here [holding up
the Constitution of the United States] are all the
letters, or the embodiment of all the lettei's, of
Washington and Jefferson, in regard to natural-
ized citizens and Roman Catholics. This book,
(the Constitution,) this blessed book, contains
the last will and testament of the Father of his
Country, superintended by himself in person;
and when he was satisfied it was all right, then,
but not till then, he put his own great name to
it, written by his own right arm. it contains all
his wishes, all his opinions, all his acts, upon
all these subjects. And in this book—this great,
this good book, there is nothing said, not even a
word, about freedom being national and slavery
sectional; nothing about the Catholic religion
being wrong and the Protestant religion right;
nothing about native citizens being worthy and
naturalized citizens unworthy; nothing, in all its
length and breadth, that requires a man to aban-
don his property in slaves before he can settle in
any of the Territories in the Union; nothing, sir,
that requires a man to swear " that he will not
vote for any man, for any office, State or national,
unless he be a native-born American citizen, in
favor of Americans ruling America; nor if he be a
Roman Catholic." Nothing—nothing of this
sortin all the length and breadth of thatgreatbook.
It breathes a very different spirit. It breathes the
spirit that Martin Luther breathed when he raised
his godlike voice in favor pf the freedom of religion
and the equality of rights. It leaves religion free,
unrestrained, and unrestrainable. It leaves the
rights of all equal and inviolable. It knows no
North, no South, no East, no West, as such, but
all—all are equally included and protected by its
ample provisions. Is itnot, then, Mr. Chairman,
a glorious book ? Is it not a wise and equitable
will? Does it not contain a rich and glorious
legacy? And should we not venerate it, and rally
around it, and defend it against all aggression,
innovation, or infraction, come from what quarter
it may?
Let as, then, with the most profound respect
and veneration, rally around this instrument, as
containing the last will and testament of the
Father of his Country; in which he has be-
queathed to each and every of us, his legitimate
political offspring, equal rights and equal priv-
ileges—civil, social, political, and religious Let
us, too, rally around the two old political parties,
who, with such firmness and faithfulness, have
maintained and preserved that good book, with
all its glorious provisions, against the assaults of
every foe. Let us stand by them and their time-
honored principles, which, under the blessing of
a kind Providence, have enabled them to conduct
us so safely, so peacefully, and so unerringly, to
the high and enviable position we now occupy.
Let us, sir, in view of the present crisis—for-
getting all former political ties—to save our coun-
try and our institutions,abandon the unwise, the
unjust, and suicidal policy of Know Nothingism
and Black Republicanism, and return to the time-
honored principles and policy of our fathers. If
\fe will, the fierce, fiery, stormy agitation now-
raging on our northern border would soon be
abated—sectional jealousy and sectional hate soon
allayed—the Constitution maintained intact—the
glorious union of the States preserved as they
are all cause of strife removed—freedom of reli-
gion and equality of rights enjoyed by every
citizen and every section—the North and the
South could strike hands together—the East and
West embrace each other -hthI America, our
fatherland, our beloved America, would never
cease to be " the land of the free and the home
of the brave!"
A PLEA FOR THE COUNTRY AGAINST THE
SECTIONS.
SPEECH OF H. WINTER DAVIS,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
August 7, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, said: " Is Philip
dead? No, by Jove—but he's sick !" Such was
the chatter of the factious democrats of Athens,
chilled by the shadow of the coming Cheronea.
"Will Fillmore decline? No; but he's too
weak to get a single State"—say Democrat and
Republican, shivering before the blast of the
coming November.
Mr. Chairman, they consult prophets who
prophesy pleasant things. Their hopes are the
oracle speaking by the inspiration of their inter-
ests; and yet, while they trust to the prophecy
to produce its accomplishment, they confidentially
sigh, " Would it were bed-time, Hal—and ail
well!" That bed-time will surely come; but
whether the couch of victory or the bed of death
will be spread—ah ! that's the question.
Sir, a party at brag and bluff is a suspicious
witness to the goodness of his own hand; and the
bystanders I believe do not usually regard him
as a better witness to the badness of his adver-
sary 's.
If Democrat and Republican have conspired
together mutually to play by-bidder at each
other's mock-auction-'-tfl put off on the «otintry ;
plated brass for gold—the people will have the
sagacity to see that, though Liberty be on one side,
the image and superscription of the Union is not
on the other, and the lacking weight will reveal
the counterfeit.
I desire to make this discrimination. I wish to
inquire into the weight of this style of brag, which
has, to my poor understanding, exhausted the
resources of my opponents.
Say the Democrats, " Do not vote for Mr. Fill-
more, because he cannot get a single State at the
North." Say the Republicans, " Do not vote for
Mr. Fillmore, because he cannot get a single State
at the South." And both are so simple as to
suppose by thus excluding him from the regions
of their opponents, that they have finally dealt
with his pretensions.
Why is it that two parties, aft wide apart as
the southern and northern poles, have conspired
together in this significant and novel way for the
purpose of denying to their most dangerous oppo-
nent strength in the regions where the adversary
of each is strong? There are two organized par-
ties in this country which claim to represent
adverse local interests. The Democratic party
rests itself on its boasted and self-arrogated priv-
ilege of supporting and sustaining the peculiar
institution of the South. Its strength, and its
whole strength, consists in its assertion, that it
alone is the defender of southern rights. It is
therefore dangerous to them for anything to arise
within the limits of the South, and claim a hearing
of the southern people, which touches more
nearly the rights of the people, and appeals to
the more elevated and noble sentiments of devo-
tion to the Union and the Constitution. The
gentlemen of the Republican party of the North
aspire to represent that sentiment which ia like*
wise local and peculiarly confined to the boundary
of the North, and having no power beyond it.
They likewise are jealous of the intrusion on
their domain of any topic of such stirring interest
as will call the minds of the North away from
the contemplation of the perpetual cry: " Freedom
is national, and slavery is sectional;" " the rights
of man;" "the oppressions of the South;" "the
equality of the negro race."
All these minister to the excitement in the
North. They are subjects in themselves neither
interesting nor attractive—not so interesting or
attractive but that an appeal to the great interests
of the country, the great fundamental principles
of our Constitution, to the great danger of the
agitation of these topics, may possibly reach the
ear of the most besotted, and startle the reason
of those who are still rational, that they whose
talk is of negroes, and who think that the ser-
vants at the altar should live of the altar, may
find themselves preaching to empty benches.
One, therefore, and the other, each within his
own region, seeks to drive out and destroy every-
thing that may sow wheat among his tares. They
may touch anything else but these rights of sov-
ereignty; but put forth your hand, and touch them
in the very body of their power, and they arise
and curse you to your face.
The Democrat is jealous of anything which
impeaches the high duty of extending the institu-
tion, and is impatient of men who accept it as an
existing institution, to be protected as any other
great national industrial interest is to be protected.
The Republican tolerates no man who questions
the practical honesty of the higher law, and sug-
gests the conscientious duty of conformity to the
practical enforcement of the Constitution. Both
cry "out, "No compromise;" both execrate all
adherence to the existing condition of affairs as
wisest and best. Each boasts conquests in the
future over his antagonist. Each lives and moves
and has its being in an atmosphere confined to its
own region; it cannot breathe a moment the air
on which the other thrives. Neither has any rep-
resentative in the region of its adversary to soften
their antagonism. They are both strictly sectional
parties, tending to bring into collision hostile
opinions, feelings, and interests, concentrated
without mixture at the opposite polls of the coun-
try—each intensified like opposite electricities by
the intensity of the other, and threatening, if
brought into contact, an explosion which may
shake the foundations of the Republic. Each
knows, that unless it can keep exclusive control
of the whole region there is no hope of triumph,
nor even of a collision.
In this lies at once their strength and their
weakness. Unless Mr. Buchanan can carry the
whole South, and trust—not to party discipline,
for that has died away—but to the chance of the
bribe of high ofiice to persons in the North to
make iiip the deficiency of the southern vote,
my Democratic friends know full well that they
have not the most remote prospect of succeed-
ing in carrying him to the presidential chair.
And our Republican friends on the other side,
with equal reason, based on equally notorious
facts, know, if th6 State of New York is stricken
from them, that they are a powerless minority,
oat of dooravand that no nominee of theirs can
darken thedoors of the White House. It is, there-
fore, not because of their strength, but because of
their weakness, that the one and the other seek to
produce the impression which it is possible, and
in charity ought to be conceded, each believes;
but which it is difficult for men who hold a mod-
: erate and middle position like myself not to re-
gard in a very different light. It is for this rea-
son that each party, deluded into the idea that it
| is enthroned in the exclusive control of its own
, sectional interest and its own sectional power,
i attempts the vain task of persuading the country
!: that a man like Mr. Fillmore, resplendent with the
! glories of a great administration, which appeals
j to those pervading and national considerations
j which wake responses in the hearts of the peo-
pie, must be left in an insignificant minority of a
few rational men of the North and South.
Mr. Chairman, long lists of names have beea
paraded of new converts to Mr. Buchanan. Let-
ters have been spread before the public, urging
arguments with all the authority of names en-
titled to the profound respect of the House and
the country. I know in these lists, whether they
relate to Maryland or elsewhere, of no man who,
at the fall election, earnestly supported the Amer-
ican cause. I see among the names on that list none
who were regarded as the friends of the Amer-
ican cause. I see in most of them neophytes of
Democracy, then hardened sinners against its
benign rule, who were baptized last fall, whose
tender faith hits been duly instructed by the spon-
sors at their baptism, and whose public and formal
declaration now is nothing but the ceremony of
confirmation to the world of their earlier con-
version. There is nothing in that list which need
shake the confidence of any friend of the Amer-
ican party. There is nothing which makes the
scale of Mr. Fillmore vacillate for a single instant
in its inclination in the State of Maryland. There
