1242
HFPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL! *Hi0BE.
[Augu$l 7,
34th Gondii. 1st Sfcss. A Plea for the Country against.the &ections—Mr. Dvvisy <yf \Marylandi Ho. ot Reps,
is nothing, thai in the •lightest degree mafeases
the difficulty of repeating, with larger majorities
and greater ■eclat, uie triumph of the past year.
But, air, I rise now to test the argument thus
supported by great names and widespread author-
ity. We are not to yote for Fillmore, because a
majority at the North are opposed to his patriotic
and wise administration—so runs the reason: be-
cause themqority of the North are not favorable
to compromise and conciliation—«o runs the rea-
son: because the majority of the North regard the
time as come when they must get a scourge for
the South—because the nwyoriitf ofthe North are
of that opinion, therefore, in this contest, which
they superciliously assume is to be between, the
northern candidate and the-southern candidate,
all men must desert the candidate who is alone
the candidate of the Constitution and the Union.
, The argument is hollow and insidious. _ If the
msjoH^ of the North be such, then the fnw /or
«o(MV is past; it is ao longer a question whether
wa will rote for Fillmore or Buchanan as Presi-
dent of the United States, because the South is in
a pitiable minority in the electoral college, and
every vote cast there leaves her where she is, and,
without the power of self-prOtection. If the hour
of madness oe come; if reason be dead in her
chosen seat; if the conservative North has ceased
to be conservative, and is inspired by the hatred
this argument ascribes to her people, then we
have no election on the 4th.of November for Pres-
ident of the United States. Mr. Buchanan will be
ineligible as a foreigner to rule the South! We
have passed by the time of the election of that
man whose name is to close the fasti of that illus-
trious line. The people in 1852 divined well that
they were choosing the Honorious of the Repub-
lic, and fitted the man to the station! The argu-
ment proves too much, if it is true. If it is not
trite, it is trash.
But the argument is. put in a different shape,
and it is pointed' directly at Mr. Fillmore; His
merits are made his incapacities. His troth to
the Union is made the reason why southern gen-
tlemen, for whom he-ran the greatest risk.against
the opinion of his own region of country, are to
turn against him, desert bun, for a manwhohas
encountered nothing for them, or for the Union!
The majority of the North are opposed to Mr.
Fillmore, because of his wise and patriotic adnUnis*
tration; they will then vote for Buchanan, because
his administration will not be so wise and patri-
otic ! They are opposed to Fillmore, because
they are opposed to conciliation and compromise;
they will vote for Mr. Buchanan, because he and
h is party have said/'Nomore compromise,and no
more conciliation." They will not vote for Fill-
more, because they want a scourge for the South.
Unwittingly the argument pictures' the.result of'
that policy—which our Democratic friends have
inaugurated and followed out to its bitter end.
The majority of the northern allies of the Dem-
ocrats are supposed very likely to vote for
Buchanan, because he will be a scourge to the South,
If that be not the argument, then the argument is
unmeaning! • ■ •
Well, if that be the foundation of the argument,
will not gentlemen who appreciate the force of
reasoning cease to use it? Will they not give some
better reason why Mr. Fillmore can get no strength
at the North ? Will they not say, " Come, let us
reason together," and say that Mr. Buchanan
better respects the great fundamental principle of
the Constitution, and not base their Argument on
the revolutionary assumption, that the majority
of the men of the free States.are run mad against
the men of the South? It is very tempting I
know to southern Democrats. If the majority of
the North are madly bent on punishing the South,
they will pass Me. Fillmore oy, and inflict on it
Mr. Buchanan, as the more cruel scourge. The
argument is good, sir—the fact on which it rests
is not true.
Far different is my estimate of my northern
brethren. I am not aware of any acts of the North,
as they appear upon our statute-books, or as
executed from the executive chamber, however
wild may have been the votes occasionally of a
majority upon this floor, or however dangerous
the arguments pressed into their support, which
hi the slightest degree has sullied tne honor, or
injured the interest of the South. They have
differed upon industrial 'questions, and decided
them by party tactics; > they have been set, one
party against the other, in party maneuver, party
triumph, and domination; but I say that, during
the eighty years of the Republic, there is no por-
tion of this great land which has reason to cast
into the teeth of either the North or thefiouth, that
any great right of either section has been trampled
down; any great right of the Constitution delib-
erately violated; any fact showing that madness
rules the majority either at the North or at the
South. '
But there is a solemn fact which. my Demo-
cratic friends admit. There is hostility at- the
JVW<A. They adroitly point it at the South. They
vainly strive to place the South between themselves
and the, shqft that has already smitten them, to, the
earth. There is a wrath boiling up at the North 
but it is a wrath which boils against them. There
is a. hostility at the North—'but it is a hostility
which they have aroused, which has stricken them
down, and will keep them down.
I wish to feel the pulse of the North to-night.
I wish to see whether it be reason or madness
throbbing there—whether it be the rational wrath
of men who, believing they have been outraged
ill their dearest rights, or whether it be the mad-
ness of men who have flashed into fury cause-
lessly.
Sir, there are a series of great facts whieh strike
us wheresoever we turn our eyes. In 1853, the
present incumbent of the presidential chair was
elevated on the shields of twenty-seven States,and
borne to the White House amid the acclamations
of an exultant people, rejoicing in. the: ad vent of
an eraof peace. Three suns have run their coursc,
and now
"He is at supper—not where heeatt, but where he is
eaten: a certain convocation of politic worms are ev'n
at him."
" Pftiee he, miscalled- the Morning- Star,
Nor man nor fiend hath fallen so &i."
When he ascended the chair of State, a great
majority of seventy in this House obsequiously
awaited his will.' The sun had not thrice fun his
course ere that majority had shriveled to seventy-
four men. Their place knows them no more.
This side of the Chamber is a charnel-house of
dead Democrats. The few survivors tread mourn-
fully as they cross it — as a Ronlan might walk
over Canme. " The bloody ghost of the mur-
dered Wright" still, to the eye of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb ,1 disputes the Btool with
his successor of flesh and blood, [Mr. FtfiAE**}
and many other specters have left untimely graves
to wafh the pale survivors by their fete.
My honorable friend from-South Carolina wis
early at the sepulchres of the righteous in New
Hampshire, vainly seeking signs of the day of
the resurrection of the body; but the snow still
lay on the marble—the crocus of the early spring
had not pushed through the frozen soil—and he
returned sadly, chaunting:
" A cold, deceitful thing is the dnow,
Though it come on dove-like wing—the felse snow,
Tin but rain disguised- appeare;
And our hopes are frozen tears—like the snow."
Indeed, sir, the resurrection of the Democratic
party at the North is an event not at all antici-
pated there. It has sunk from view—like water
spilled upon the ground, not to be gathered
again.
A stubborn resolution has been manifested at
the North. Since that great day there has been
nothing which shows that my honorable friends
on the Democratic side of the House have a ma-
jority in one single State north of Mason and
Dixon's line. There is not one single fact that
shows that they can carry a State north of Ma-
son and Dixon's line on national politics even by
a plurality. The account of loss and gain stands
at a set-off. If, in Pennsylvania, Democrats and
Whigs and Americana have combine4 to elest.a
canal commissioner by a plurality only, in Maine,
Democrats and liquor men have united and car-
riedaloeal election by a plurality. In New Hamp-
shire and Connecticut the Americans have carried
the local elections by pluralities. If New Jersey
has given a Democratic majority in a local elec-
tion, California has come to the Americans by a
great majority.
The faithful fondly, hoped that some of those
elections indicated a change of tide. They forgot
that FaJatalf:M parted just. .beJweeji. twelve and
one, e'en at turnings lithe tide." If there beany
compunctions of >oonscience forcing them to cry
out " God! God ! God!" let them beware of those
Dame duicklys who, to comfort them, bid them
not think of God, and hope there is no need to
trouble themselves with such thoughts yet; for
when the, parting Falstaff so cried, and was so
comforted, and had more clothes laid on his feet,
the comforter, iDame ftuickly, knew there was
but ona way, and jvhen she put her hand into the
bed and.felt bis feet—they were as cold as any
stone—and then1 she " felt to his knees, and so
upward and upward, and all was as cold as any
stone."
. Sir,.the fatal hctur- bas come. Even while I
speak, the stricken .field of Iowa brings to them
, defeat and disaster* crushed hopes ana cruel dis-
appointment. Their feet are already cold in the
; North; and as we feel upward, andupward, and
upward* towards their head in the South^all is cold
as any -stone. 'Tie vain to ask for more clothes
on the feet, fqr their passing bell.i jalready tolling
that men may pray for the parting eoul. But, sir#
they are not with out,consolation. There are true
Bardolphs, who, when told of their death, will
exclaim:
" Would I were with them wheresome'er tbey be—either
in Heaven or in Hell!"
Now, air, why'is all this? We need no elec-
i tion statistics for the response. They were the
triumphant and dominant party at the North ere
this great flood. Now they do not number more
than fourteen member® from the populous North
kt this Hall. They were*, the party-said to be
specially devoted to the interests-of the South at
the North, before this, great flood. None so
sound, none so unshaken, none.so trae to defend
the South, through thick and thin, at all hazards,
and to the last extremity, as the Democrats of the
North. Where are they gone? "Are they
asleep,or on a journey, or at the feast," or have
they forgotten their duty, or have they become
maa, or have they played like children—casting
one.vote for my honorable friends, and another
for their honorable opponents ?
Sir, the American people have, been bred in
American habits. They are not in the habit of
capricious and causeless change. And yet them
is a change. I mean .to speak the cause of that
change out loud. It is, the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, the enactment of the Kansas-Nebraska
act, and thai, outrages in the Territory of Kansas,
denied or defended; by my honorable Democratic
friends.- They were warned" by the honorable
Senator from Illinois, who reported that measure,
in his first report against it, of the dangerous con-
sequences* and they would not heed the warning.
In an evil day for his reputation, be allowed him-
self to be overcome by party and personal am-
bition, and to be deluded by the hopes of party
domination. He allowed himself to be deluded
by the supposition, that he could bring to the sup-
port of that measure the great body of southern
men, Whigs and Democrats; and that the tem-
porary excitement would only raise the froth
upon the sur&oe, while the depths of the ocean
Would roll on in their, sluggisn sleep. Sir, he
cast the javelin against the cave of ./EoIub, and
all the winds of strife have rashed forth across
the ocean, and cast up a tempest which leaves,
of the vast fabric of the Democratic party, nothing
but scattered and broken fragments, cast on the
shores for the wreckers to collect, and, as they
measure the dimensions of mast and spar, to
wonder what great admiral it was that has gone
down in that terrifit sea. •>
- Sir, is not that the reason ? ■ I do not ask geni
tlemen to tell me whether it is an adequate reason.
I do not ask gentlemen to say if the North is rea-
sonable in her anger. I simply ask gentlemen,
upon their candor and honor, if that is not the
reason of the existing condition of things 1 There
is a'o gentlemen here whose breast does not echo
that it is. And I venture little when I say there
is scarcely one of my Democratic friends who can
appreciate the position in which it has placed
them, who does not, from the bottom of his heart,
curse the day on which he was so misled. if they
adhere still to the Kansas-Nebraska act, itisfrom
necessity, and not from choice; my honorable
friends, finding themselves at the bottom ofthe
