1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1343
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. A Plea for the Country against the Sections-r*-Mr. Davis, of Maryland. Ho. of Reps.
■water, have, like Cooper's sailor in the western
lake, seized a root to keep themselves there. It |
is from necessity, and not from choice, that, with !
a mill-stone round their necks, they march down ;
to the water for a swimming match with light .
men having floats oiu ^ ;
Why, sir, what are their apologies—their apol-
ogies to the .VorlA, their apologies to their Dem-
ocratic friends whom they have slain, murdered, and
sent to the land of ghosts, for whose absence my
friend from Georgia weeps? The Missouri com-
promise—say they—was unconstitutional. " But
since when?1' say the North to them. That does
not rest well, gentlemen, in your mouths, for it
was a Democratic majority that passed it. It was
the great men of the Democratic party, and more
than all others, the great Marylander, William
Finkney, who proposed and advocated and car-
ried that great measure of healing in that day.
The great argument which he addressed to vinoi-
dicate tht sovereignty of a State from the binding
control of conditions imposed by Congress, is the
argument misunderstood, broken into small frag-
ments suitable to the strength and stature of those
who use them, and misapplied now by gentlemen
to disprove the power of Congress to pass the
Tery Missouri restriction on a Territory, which
he all along advocated at the very time of that
great argument, and incorporated into the very
act which is his triumphal monument to the peace
which he conquered and perpetuated by it. And
Mr. Monroe, thtir President, signed it—signed it
not hastily—but after consulting his Cabinet, in ,
which was Mr. Calhoun, on the precise question !
of constitutionality. Is that long ago ? Has wis- '■
dom arisen in a later generation ? Have new !
lights been discovered in the Constitution ? Have ■
judicial decisions cleared away the difficulty?
It was in 1845 when the great Democratic meas-
ure teas passed by which Texas was annexed to
this Union; ana my honorable friends, or their
predecessors, then in a majority in both branches
of Congress, passed the Texas resolution which
enacted that very thing against which Pinkney
directed the argument which they now make the
arsenal for weapons to assail what he advocated.
They cast their votes for it, and President Tyler,
on the 3d of March, signed it. Oh, but Tyler
was not a Democrat! Yes, but he icas, by con-
version or perversion, or treachery and desertion;
he was, by acceptance and adoption; he was, by
his Cabinetand nisadministration; hewasdoubly
co by the presence and counsel of Calhoun, the
incarnation of the very idea of southern strict
construction; and it is understood that the; reso-
lutions came down from the Secretary of State,
who was Mr. Calhoun; that it was his influence
which dispatched the resolutions to Texas for
acceptance on the last day of President Tyler's
term; and Mr. Polk, though on the spot, did not
recall them.
That resolution declares that all the territory
south of 36° 30', whenever Texas should be di-
vided, shall come into the Union with or without
slavery, as the States may determine; and that,
in such Slate or States—(I ask gentlemen to bear
the word Slate in mind)—in those States which
shall be formed out of so much of the Texan ter-
ritory as lies north of 36® 30'—in those States—
(I wish the word to burn itself into their seared
consciences; it is the thing which was in issue
in the Missouri struggle; it was the only thing
which was there disputed; it is the thing which
was decided in the Missouri controversy in favor
of the South to be an unconstitutional limitation
on the sovereign equality of the States)—in those
States which shall be formed out of the territory
north of that line, slavery and involuntary servi-
tude shall be prohibited. And James Buchanan
was one of the Democratic majority who advo-
cated and passed it!
Time rolled on, and another Territory was to
be organized. Again, with that remarkable luck
which has followed them—which has misled them
to their deep undoing—they had the majority in
this Hall, they had a majority in both branches
of the councils of the nation, when the Territory
of Oregon was to be organized; and again that
majority adopted that restriction—word for word
—the ordinance of 1787. Again a Democratic
President, Mr. Polk, signed it, and not merely so
signed, but with & further declaration, not that he
expected this to be the last of it — not merely that
slavery was there impossible or improbable—but
upon the expectation that it would be again passed
by that or another Congress, adopted and incorporated
into the acts for the settlement of the Mexican con-
quests !
I neither affirm the correctness nor the incorrect-
ness of this view: I simply urge the fact which
northern Democrats pleaded against southern
Democrats.
"But," said my honorable friends upon the
Democratic side of this Hall to their Democratic
friends from the North—for there is where the de-
fection arose, there is where the strength of the Re-
publican party comes from—out of their own side
came that portentous creation whence comes this
sin and all our wo into our happy world—"we
say that we have reversed all that, and those laws
and compromises are void, by reason of being in-
consistent with the compromise measures of 1850.
Those measures have repealed it." "Ah! but,"
said their northern Democratic friends, continuing
their remonstrance," the law which organized the
Territory of New Mexico, in dealing with the
boundary of Texas, declared in so many words
that nothing therein contained should be con-
strued to repeal or modify anything contained in
that very clause of the Texas resolution."
These northern Democrats still further merci-
lessly press their Democratic brethren, as if to
leave my honorable friends on my left no escape
from the most awkward of dilemmas. If it be
true that the principle of popular sovereignty was
settled by the-compromise measures of 1850, how
came it to be omitted in the legislation of 1853—
since the acts of 1850 were enacted ? The Con-
gress in 1853, with a great Democratic majority,
organized the Territory of Washington out of ter-
ritory over which the ordinance of 1787 had been
by them, in 1848, extended; and that Congress, in
the year of grace 1853, and of the era of the new
dispensation the 3d, not merely failed to remove
that restriction, but declared that the laws of Ore-
gon should be in force in the Territory of Wash-
ington ; which laws excluded slavery by special enact-
ment, in flagrant conflict with the principle which
they now declare to have been the very vital
principle embodied in, and pervading the acts of,
1850. You know, ^s well as we do, that these
compromise measures of 1850 have always been
regarded and treated as a finality—the end of con-
troversy; that this last compromise, this great
compromise of 1850, was settled upon the basis
qf all the preceding compromises—on the assumption
and th.e.; .concession, aq stated by Mr. Webster,
that every foot of territory in the United States
was finally settled by laws irrepealable, and that
it was only on that supposition that the laws of
1850 became laws at all. Only last session you
passed a bill creating a government over all the
Territory now embraced in the Kansas and Ne-
braska act, without opposition, merely by com-
mon consent; and no man of any party had dis-
covered, or if he had discovered, revealed, still
less attempted to declare, the novel dogma of a
latent principle, not even expressed in an act, being
effectual to annul another law enacted on a differ-
! ent principle. From argument they passed to
I entreaty and pathetic appeal. These thirty years
j we have lived under this law. It has injured no
man. No southern State protested against its
enactment—none in 1850 demanded its repeal;
. many southern men pressed its extension to the
Pacific. No southern State now demands it; no
tempest agitates the popular mind which its re-
peal can quiet; no great national necessity com-
pels the statesman, in the high election between
I opposite evils, to tread this untrod path. You
: say your object is not a new slave State—then
1 let it be as it is. You say the northern tide of
emigration will insure its freedom. Then why
do the nugatory act of repealing a law which
changes no result? Why disturb the peace of
the country by this wound inflicted on the preju-
dices of your northern brethren? Deliver us not
over into the hands of the Abolitionists. They
are evelr watchful to rebel against the overthrow
of 1850. We stood by you then—will you be-
tray us now ?
Well, sir, this bill passed. I come to the
deplorable sequel. It was an invitation for all the
elements of strife to concentrate in Kansas. The
Executive, representing the combine Actions of
both North and South, ought to have ..ten doubly
careful to have taken some man from the North
or South who was far above the suspicion, strong
to resist solicitations, strong to repel menaces,
magnanimously above private, personal,and pecu-
niary considerations. He could have taken such
a man as my friend from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,]
now in my eye. They should have taken a man
with nerve enough not to be frightened by threats
or menaces, and honest enough not to be moved
by promises. They should have taken a man
who knew of border life, with military experience
enough to set a battalion in the field, whose head
would not be dizzy at the flash of steel, who would
have said to all invaders—emissaries of aid soci-
eties or marauders from the Missouri border—
" Pass not hither!"—who would have seen to it
that the great tournay between the champions of
freedom and of slavery was fairly fougnt, with
equal wind and sun, and a truncheon swayed by no
partiality. There are men within the sound of my
voice, of that party, who would have cut off fcheir
right hand rather than allow the violent overthrow
of the law they were ordered to execute—whose
cheek would burn with shame at the unchecked
insolence with which Governor Reeder'sauthority
was derided or eluded—men who would have
bitten out their tongues ere they made the confes-
sions poured by Governor Reeder in the Presi-
dent's ear, or hearing them would have held parley
with the confessor, proposed honorable banish-
ment on a foreign mission to coax a faithful but ob-
noxious instrument out of the way, to avoid the
scandal of a public dismissal, and the greater scan-
dal of a confession of blunders worse than crimes,
and weakness worse than wickedness. If there
were no such men within that party, it is unfit to
guide the destinies of this country. If there were,
then are they thrice unworthy to hold a power
they have so grossly abused. Sir, that scene in
the executive chamber—the proconsul of the
President narrating that he let the very life-blood
of ,the province he ruled run unavenged and un-
stanched, the very flowers of her franchises be
trampled down at the sacred ballot-box, ma-
rauders from either pole run a muck over her
peaceful population, himself buried to the eyes
and ears in private speculations in public lands
over which he ruled, of questionable legality, and
of unquestionable evil example, and, deaf to the
cry of helpless agony that rang through his do-
main, content to leave his people (!) to their ene-
mies, if the Protector and the President could
agree on the color to be put on the scandals, and
adjust the division of the responsibility; confess-
ing these things to the President of the Republic,
and that President driving a bargain for a foreign
mission, in lieu of instant and ignominious expul-
sion from office; and, the negotiation failing, dis-
missing him gently for illegal speculation; silent
as the tomb to the civil war that he allowed to
rage; the outraged law he failed to avenge; the
rights of suffrage violated with impunity; and the
yoke of a legislation, born in violence and fraud,
by his judgment fastened on the necks of Amer-
ican freemen; these things established by a vast
mass of resistless testimony, form a new and mel-
ancholy chapter in the history of the Republic.
Sir, the party whose policy, however well in-
tended, has given occasion to stain the American
name with civil blood by the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise, is not likely to stand well with
the men of the North, whose brethren have been
the sufferers. Their denials of the outrages, their
extenuations, their apologies, day after day, in
this House, till the stupendous mass of the com-
mittee's evidence overwhelmed them; and their
carping cavils at that evidence,—to my judgment
yet unimpeached, and, if so, of crushing weight,
—scarcely tends to improve the odor of the Dem-
ocratic party in northern nostrils. That is my
opinion of the result of the Kansas investigation.
I dare not impute perjury to men by the hundred:
the concurrence of so many is itself conclusive
against the hypothesis of fabrication; and I must
be pardoned if my legal habits will not allow me
to weigh partisan denials against testimony sworn
in the face of cross-examination. I make no plea
of justification for some strained or one-sided
inferences which my friend from Ohio has drawn
from that evidence. I tender no apology for the
