1346
A'FPENtifX tO TttE <60NdftESSI0NAli WORE.
[August 7,
34th* t/ong....1st Sess.' General Politics of the Country—Mr. A. K. Marshall, ofKentutky. ' " Ho. or Reps.
it. .Tt Was found everywhere—the creature'ttf
national regulation, not of local law, nor limited:
to any particular section. , 4
The normal condition of the negro in this
country is that of servitude. Meet him where
you -will, and the presumption, in law and fact,
is, that he is a slave. It is the nationality of the
institution Which justifies this presumption. If
slavery has become sectional, what has made it
so ? Not acts of legislation establishing and lim-
iting it. On the contrary, those local laws which |
give to it a sectional aspect, are all of them acts
of abolition and exclusion, and not of institution
and limitation.
Slavery once existed in the State of New York,
not by virtue of local law or municipal regula-
tion, but because of its nationality. It exists
there no longer, because sectional legislation has
abolished it there. This is eaually true as to all
the States from which it has Been driven. And
the free States curved out of the Territories, have
been made free by acts of slavery prohibition. It
is not because there is trtith in this dogma, that
I cannot take my slave to Ohio. If gentlemen
think sOj repeal your prohibitory laws; let the
constitution of Ohio be silent on the subject of
slavery, and I will take my negro into that State,
and hold him there, despite of all the legal efforts
that may be made to free him—despite of all ap-
peals to " higher law," and the proclamation of
the nationality of freedom. I am prevented from
passing through the State of Ohio with my slave;
not because slavery is sectional, and I have no
law there to hold him in bondage, but because
of the existence of laws—local laws—to which I
am bound to submit, which take him from me,
and make him free. It is not that slavery is sec-
tional; it is because acts of sectional legislation"
exclude it from certain limits. And the very ne-
cessity of these municipal regvflations to exclude
it, establishes the fact that the institution is na-
tional, and its exclusion sectional.
Mr. Chairman, if freedom be national, and
slavery sectional, I want to know why, in the
name of Heaven, gentlemen from the North are
agitating this subject all over the country? Why
all this fuss about the repeal of the Missouri
compromise ? The very fact that the repeal of
that prohibition admitted slavery into those Ter-
ritories to which it applied, proves the normal
condition of the. negro to be that of servitude,
and the institution to be national. If, slavery is
sectional, then it could only exist by municipal
regulations; and there were no necessity for
Missouri compromises or Wilmot provisoes.
There is no sentiment which has been expressed
in this House more absurd, and which is more
at war with truth, with history, and national
law, than is contained in this declaration. And
I have heard more nonsense and more falsehoods
uttered in this House, than I have heard before
in all my life.
Mr. Chairman, one cause of our present diffi-
culties, perhaps the only cause, is the repeal of
the Missouri compromise. Now, sir, I have heard
gentlemen upon this floor boast that they spoke
their sentiments without " fear or favor"—that
they were indifferent as td what others thought
of what they said. I do not know as any one
"vfrill regard as of much importance any opinion
of my mine, yet I confess that I am most unwill-
ing to give offense to my constituents, who in-
trusted their interests to my keeping, and honored
me with their confidence. Not because I have a
right to expect further favors at their hands—not
because I seek for office or future political prefer-
ment—%-1 shall be content, when my term of
service here closes, to have finished my public
career; but, in retiring, I hope to carry with me
the confidence and affections of those friends who
have trusted me. Butof this repeal I must speak
freely and candidly; from my heart I say it, I
regret that act. It was not necessaryto, nor asked
for, by the South j it was not demanded by that
section against which it seemed to operate. I do
not, however, censure those gentlemen of the
South who voted for that measure; it was tendered
them by the North, and they could not refuse it.
I regret it, not because it was not due to the
South, or that the North was wronged by it; but
because it has given a stand-point to fanatics, and
made those exponents of public sentiment who
otherwise wdul^ hare been without 'position or
influence—who, taking the advantage of this act,
inflame the passions,.and play upon the prejudices,
of the northern people. Preachers from the pul-
pit, and demagogues from the stump, " harping
upon this, string, have emerged from contempt-
ible dbscurity, apd attained an infamous notori-
ety. It is thjs agitation and its consequences that
I mourn, apd not the deed itself. I have never
believed the Missouri compromise a iust measure.
I hare never understood how it could have been
regarded as strictly constitutional. I cannot i^ree
with the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens,] who,' if f understood him correctly,
deemed it constitutional, as a fair and just parti-
tion of the Territories between the two great sec-
tions of the Union. I do not recognize the right
of Congress thus to divide the public domain.
But admitting, for the sake of argument, the
power to divide, I deny that this partition was
just, fair, or equal. All the territory north of
36° 30' was given to free States, ana southern
men with their property were excluded there-
from; but all south of 36*> 80' was not made slave
territory, or given to the South. The North had,'
here an equal right with the South; there was
no prohibition operating against them; they,
equally wifh Southern men, were permitted to
go and settle there. The partition was neither
just nor equal, and this argument in favOr of itg
constitutionality is without force. If there be
any, even tolerable, pretext for the exercise of
the power by Congress to make this division, it
must be found in that provision of the Constitu-
tion which gives to Congress the power to y make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the
territory and other property belonging to the
United States."
I know that in the South there is a difference
of opinion on this subject; and if gentlemen will
place this right of Congress thus to divide the
Territories between the North and Southland to
exclude from certain portions of it the institution
of slavery, on the ground that in certain latitudes
it is supposed to be a drawback on the progress,
growth, and settlement of the public domain,
there may be some show of reason in it. If gen-
tlemen take that position, and fcre candid and
honest, and mean to deal fairlyand justly, they
will admit that those who immigrate to the Ter-
ritory—those who are to live there, and leave the
land as an' inheritance to their children^—are the
proper persons to determine whether or not the
institution of slavery is advantageous or disad-
vantageous to them, and would be willing to leave
them just as the framers of the Constitution left
the people of the North—to settle the government
for themselves, in their own way, aftd in their
own time. And if you gentlemen of th'e North
would leave to the people of the Territories, as
you were left, the right to regulate their own
domestic concerns in their own way, and slavery
should prove a burden, they might do as you did
—they could not do worse—sell their negroes to
the South, and thus abolish an institution which
they found unprofitable to them, because unsuited
to their soil and climate. The man, sir, who looks
around this House, who has heard what I have
heard, and seen what I have seen every day,
cannot but agree with me in the opinion I have ;
expressed; for although there is no good reason:
why northern men should have produced all the |
fuss and agitation about the repeal of a law to
which they never gave their sanction, and althoijgh
the excitement is neither wise, just, nor profit-
able, it is to be deplored that any unfortunate;
ground of complaint should exist which gives to.
' bad and disloyal men an advantage and a power ,
| they never had before, leaving honest and con- j
I servative men almost powerless, and placing the j
i peace of the country in the hands of madmen,
j I cannot conceive it possible for any man who •
looks at the condition of the country, and marks
[ the dangers which threaten us, however confident
he may oe of his equal right to his full share in
| the possession of all the Territories, not to mourn
over this repeal as an unwise, though not unjust
act of legislation. I could not, and would not,
consent, now or hereafter, unless the condition of j
the country should change so as to justify an,
alteration of my position and my views, to a res-]
toration of the Missouri compromise line. How-
ever unwise it may har^tjeen to have repealed it
—however grievous triay be the cohsfequenceij
whicih may have flowed from it—those who un-
derstand the southern temper and feeling on that
question know full well, that it would not give,
peace to that section of the country, nor would it
give peace to the N6rth. You would but keep'
up, maintain, foment, and increase the very ex-
citement you seek to get rid of, The South,
goaded to madness, and driveli' to deeds of des-
peration, would awaken antagonistic elements in
the North of a Worse character, if possible, than
those-now presented. Therefore, the very same
apprehensions which induced me at home, among
my Democratic friends, to deprecate the repeal or
the Missouri compromise when it was under dis-
cussion here in 1854, compel me now to resist its
restoration.
• I stated a moment'ago tha't there existed yery
little reason for me to define my position in refer-
ence to the political questions of the day. My
people perfectly understand me; and' I have no
desire to make for them or myself any better
record than my votes since I have been a member
of this body. I can look back on these with sat-
isfaction. There is not a vote I have given, since
I have been a member of the House, that does,
not, and will not, I think, meet the approbation'
of my friends at home. And I believe the great-
est fault my enetaies will find with iriy course is,
that I have committed no great fault at all; for,
sir, the greatest objection to a political opponent
is, that he will do nothing that can be condemned.
Even the original Simon-pure Democrats will ad-
mit that I have done remarkably well, considering
the party to which I belong. I say, then, that
there exists no necessity for me to define my po-
sition; but as gentlemen have though t it necessary
to assign reasons why they are now taking a.
course somewhat different from that they were
expected by their constituents to take when they
were chosen members of this body, I shall give
some reasons Why I shall continue to pursue the
course which it Was expected I would pursue
when I was elected. I will briefly state to the
committee the reasons which will induce me to
give ~to the nomihee of the American party my
warmest, ardent, and heartfelt support'..
With me this position is perfectly consistent.
Why, sir, I am a sound, old-fashioned Democrat.
I think I have proved my Democracy here by
every vote I hare given. I have differed, I know,
from some of those who did' not use to be with
, the party, but who have got into the ranks some-
' how or other. The party has changed, f sup-
pose, for they ate in and I am out. And I have '
felt a little out of temper in being thus driven
away frofri my'feldfriends, with whom it has been
my custom to associate, and in not being advised
by men to whom I have Been in the habit, before
1 came here, of looking'to as the guide-stars in
my political heaven, before I became even per-
! so nail y acquainted with them. When I see these
old/aifters in the church sitting, cheek by jowl, in
close confab and consultation with men who,
when I was fighting the battles of Democracy,
pelted me with every Bort of missile, I fear me (
that it is indicative of the degeneracy of modern
> Democracy. I repeat that I am a Democrat, and
that as a Democrat I can support Mr. Fillmore
with more consistency than any other man who _
i could have possibly been presented by the Amer-
ican party. He was oncePresidentof the United
States.
Mr. LANE, (in his seat.) By accident.
Mr. MARSHALL. God grant he may be so
again, even if it requires a similar accident!
[Laughter.] If it required the death of a half i
! dozen generals to make him President, I am not
sure the country would not be the gainer by it«
[Renewed laughter.] Mr. Fillmore has been
President of the United States,and he was elected ;
Vice President against my vote, and,despite rjiy
most strenuous opposition. Why, sir, I took
the stump against Mr. Fillmore at the time he
was a candidate. I was a Democratic elector .or
my district in Kentucky at that time; and the
severest rebuke and the strongest reason urged
against the Whig party at that time, and by me,
too, was, that they had picked up Mr. Fillmore, ,
and sought to conciliate northern Abolitionists
by selecting a man for the second office of the
