1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1247
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. General Politics of the Country—Mr. A. K. Marshall, of Kentucky.
Ho. of Reps.
country who sympathized in some degree with ;
them. But he became President of the United I
States. His administration was of such a char- ]
acter—and the times did give it proof—that at the <
close of that administration, when the Whig 1
party selected another as their candidate—I do not
Know what was done in Tennessee,in Alabama,
or in any other State of the Union; but I know
that in Kentucky the heaviest denunciation heaped
upon the Whig party by the Democrats, and I
anions; them, was because they had refused to
give the nomination to Mr. Fillmore, who had
proved himself a national and conservative man,
and who, in spite of his northern connections—
and, if you please, his early prejudices—had
shown himself a purely national man, and the
friend of the institutions of the whole country;
had planted himself firmly upon the Constitution,
resisting Abolitionists on the one hand, and Se-
cessionists on the other; and, victor over both,
had been hailed as the champion of the Union,
the defender of the South, and the restorer of his
country's peace. What sort of a figure would I
cut now, with all these facts against me, should
I try to prove Mr. Fillmore an Abolitionist, and
unfit to be trusted by the South? I do not think
so: he has my confidence, and I will go for him.
I denounced the Whigs, and they deserved it,
because they did not nominate him in 1852; and
God knows I rejoice that the American party have
nominated him now.
1 shall throughout this canvass, if I take any
part in it, avoid attempting to cast an unjust im-
putation upon the character of the gentleman who
is the candidate of the Democratic party. I am
willing to take Mr. Buchanan as he 13. I am not
one of those men seeking by al! means in my
power to rob northern men of every distinguish-
ing feature of conservatism. I am not disposed
unnecessarily to hunt up some expression or vote,
to poison the southern mind against northern
men. I despise and detest that course, and con-
demn it more in southern men than' others. I
have too often seen them eager to find some little
flaw or supposed defect in the votes or speeches
of northern men who had taken conservative
ground, and parade garbled extracts and half-
quoted records as evidence of hostility to south-
ern institutions. We see that course is pursued
towards Mr. Fillmore now. There are southern
men this day engaged in hunting up all manner
of old records, and, by a false presentation of
these, seeking to poison the southern mind against
the man who stood by the South when her own
sons faltered. I shall not pursue that course
towards Mr. Buchanan. I shall have nothing to
do with his antecedents. I am satisfied to let his
record sleep. I am content to take him as he now
stands, on the platform of his party, with all his
motley group of friends around him.
It is fair, however, to compare the Democratic
and American platforms, and to give my reasons
for preferring the one to the other. It is unne-
cessary to go over all the various Democratic
platforms which have been introduced into, and,
in part, make up, the late Cincinnati production.
To a great many of them I have no sort of objec-
tion. °I have stood upon some of them in times
gone by, and can see my foot-prints on most of
them; but not on all the planks. I pass them
over until I reach that section which treats of this
great, this mighty, this all-absorbing question of
slavery. This is the clause in that platform to
which southern attention is especially invited,
and southern affection especially claimed. This
is said to be alone protective of southern rights,
and here only we may look for safety and secu-
rity. Let us examine and see what it is. I do
no t refer to that clause which says the institution
of slavery cannot be interfered with in the States,
that we hear every day upon this floor. The
worst men in the House say that Congress has
no power, and they have no intention or wish, to
interfere with slavery in the States now or here-
after. I do not believe one word they say on that
subject. Why, sir, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Leiter] so assured us a few nights back;
and to prove it, read without a blush a resolution
of the true Democracy of Ohio, declaring their
undying hostility to slavery, and their determina-
tion to labor without ceasing to " mitigate, and
ultimately to eradicate, the evil." Sir, 1 have no
confidence in their promises, nor would the oath
of every Abolitionist in the land shake, for a mo-
ment, the opinion I entertain of their hopes and
purposes.
But to return: both parties in 1852 pledged
themselves to resist all attempts to renew the
agitation of the slavery question. I will not call
the attention of Congress or the country to a new
plank in the Democratic platform, which is its
nride and its boast — the Kansas and Nebraska
bill—lest my Democratic friends might be charged ;!
with violating the pledges given in 1852, by re-
pealing the Missouri compromise. They are my *
friends, and I seek not to expose their faults or
follies. It is unnecessary for me to read the
whole of the resolution marked No. 1 — in this
copy of official proceedings its real number is
about 22—because its beauty, its great merit,
lies in the concluding sentence. It reads, " Non-
interference by Congress with slavery in States,
or Territories, or the District of Columbia."
Now this is all well enough. But is there any-
thing contained in this declaration, or any other
Elank of this platform, which goes as far as has
een required uy the Democratic party before a
man could be considered by them as perfectly
sound on the slavery question?
Now, sir, I certainly understood the Demo- '
cratic party, in the early part of the session, to
require of the northern Americans, at least, that
they must agree to this — and more, they must
deny to Congress the power to legislate on the
subject of slavery in the Territories. There was
to be no "pretermitting" on that subject with 1
them. Yet their platform is silent on the subject, '
and their candidate intimates no doubt as to'the
power of Congress over the question. He may
have changed his views as to the propriety of its
exercise—the constitutional right he has never
denied. Mr. Buchanan has ever admitted the
constitutionality of the Missouri compromise and
Wilmot proviso; at least I have never heard of
his having expressed a doubt on the subject. He
voted to extend the Missouri line through all the
Territories of the Government. He could not
then have deemed it unconstitutional, or he should
not have so voted. And if he considered it con-
stitutional to extend, he must have admitted its
establishment to be equally so. I do not urge
this against Mr. Buchanan as a reason why he
should not be supported or trusted by the South;
but as he has been proclaimed the safer man of
the two, and more to be trusted, I desire tQ1 see
wherein he differs from Mr. Fillnfiore. Ndr do
I-pfetend thfl&feis trpiitftrtid are inconsistent with
h'ta jfresent position. He stands on the Cincin-
nati platform. I have not read it here to-night,
nor is it necessary to do so; but I say that I'have not
been able to find in that large document a single
line which denies that power. And if they do
not "pretermit" that question altogether, it is
because there is a tacit, if not a clear and distinct,
admission of the power to legislate, and a transfer
of that power to the people of the Territories, in
the safe and conservative doctrine of " squatter
sovereignty!"
This, sir, is a fair presentation of the Demo-
cratic platform, so far as it treats of the subject
of slavery in the Territories, the only portion to
which I have time now to advert. And this is
Mr. Buchanan, for he is no longer hitnself; but,
being " bought with price," his individuality is
lost in the party candidate.
Now, sir, I invite the attention of the commit-
tee to that section of the American platform which
disposes of this same subject, that we may see
how far southern gentlemen elected by the Amer-
ican party, and still holding to the principles of
that party, are justified in leaving it now, and
taking their position with those who have de-
nounced their party, their friends, and their prin-
ciples, in terms false, degrading, and insolent.
The seventh section of the American platform is
as follows:
" 7. The recognition of the right of the native-born and
naturalized citizens of the United States, permanently re-
Biding in any Territory thereof, to frame their constitution
and laws, and to regulate their domestic and social affairs
in their own mode, subject only to the provisions of the
Federal Constitution, with the right of admission into the
Union whenever they have the requisite population for one
Representative in Congress : Provided, always, That none
but those who are citizens of the United States, under the
Constitution and laws thereof, and who have a fixed resi-
dence in any such Territory, ought to participate in the
formation of the constitution, or in the enactment of laws
for said Territory or State."
Now, gentlemen, we have heard this .great
clause in the Democratic platform, and there is no
other part of it which touches this mooted ques-
tion. We have examined its back bone. This is
the "law and the prophets." Is the meager
declaration that Congress ought not to " interfere
with the subject of slavery m the Territories,"
but to commit this here-admitted and dangerous
power to the " squatter sovereigns," so full and
perfect, that the southern Americans must fly to
it as a " a tower of strength," because they'can
find no place of safety in their own avowed posi-
tion ? We have read them both. And pray tell
me, is there that marked distinction—that wide
difference—of which we have heard so much?
And, if there be, which ought to be preferred?
Which of the two is best for the South ?—that
which says Congress " ought not to interfere in
the subject of slavery," but leaves it to the
" squatter," or that which asserts, in clear and
unmistakable terms, that the bona fide citizens of
the United States, living within the Territories,
alone have the right to "frame their constitu-
tion and laws, and to regulate their domestic and
social affairs in their own mode?" The southern
man who flies from this to that—the southern
American who abandons his own platform, and
seeks a place among his enemies, is, I must con-
fess, far harder to please in the one case, and
more easily satisfied in the other, than I can pos-
sibly be.
But, sir, reference has been made to the letters
of acceptances I wish I could read to-night a
portion of these letters. Mr. Fillmore, I am
sure, would not suffer by the comparison. Mr.
Buchanan accepts the nomination with " diffi-
dence," and in the "same spirit" accepts the
"platform of principles erected by the conven-
tion," to which he will "confine" himself
"throughout the canvass." What will he do
when that is over? As the candidate of the "Dem-
ocratic party, he has no right to answer ques-
tions, or to present new1 issues before the people."
When was a Democratic candidate' ever mum be-
fore? This is, of course, as it ought to-be, very_
satisfactory to his party. Whatever others may
think of it, they gave him the nomination, and
he is all theirs—head, heart, and hand.
Mr. Fillmore, yielding to the wishes of his
friends, and approving the general objects of hia
party, accepts the nomination without weighing
the chances of success. Anxious to see peace
restored, and to quiet sectional agitation, he refers
the nation, with modest pride and manly confi-
dence, to his past " administration, as the expo-
nent of the future;" and by this security, worth
a thousand platforms, he promises to perform
every duty confided to the Executive by the Con-
stitution and Jaws, with the same scrupulous
regard to the rights of every section of the Union
which then influenced his conduct. He shuns no
question. He is not tongue-tied, but, talking from
New York to Buffalo, meets all issues, rebukes
the spirit of sectional fanaticism in its stronghold,
and with a manly boldness, which should endear
him to every son of the South, volunteers to de-
fend them, in the face of their embittered and
excited foes, from unmerited abuse and censure.
If I forget him, " may my right hand forget its
cunning." If, then, our platform be as good, to
say the least of it, as our opponents', and the
position of our candidate quite as enviable—while
for moral worth, purity of character, intellectual
culture, devoted patriotism, firmness of purpose,
and administrative talent, Mr. Buchanan has not
surely proved himself the superior—why should
Americans desert their post ? But Mr. Fillmore
"has no chance"—"not the ghost ofaohance;'
so say the Democrats; so say the New Ti ork
Tribune and New York Herald—-with how much
candor, let their ill-concealed aax «<y f°r his with-
drawal attest. They know they fear him.
This is an old war cry—apwrty trick—which ha3
done some service in an(^ '^ey hope,
by boast and bravddoj"*0 frighten the timid into
desertion. •
But, sir, is this the thought which should con-
trol the pofitffcal course of hi^h-toned men? Are
they to dd that which they believe wrong, or to
