1S56.1
APPENDIX. TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
31th Cong....1st Sess.
Presidential Issues—Mr. Foster.
Ho. of Reps.
upp.Mf to endure contact with the colored race; and, 1
already oceimying tiie western part of Texas, they will
unite wish the emigrants from the North and West in
ore 1111/.111!! tree States on the soil of slavery !
•• \.ir i- all. great and good as it is. It is stated that
Missouri is T\\al:enin£; to thoughts of freedom. Slavery was
never strom; tiier.-, and is mainly confined to the rich bot-
tom Uiini or the Mississippi, while the western portion of
the M.iie i> ahuo-t exclusively occupied by tree men. Dur-
iriit the l.i>l tew )var>, the iiuniherof slaveshas been dimin-
ishing as things that were ; and now. when the State shall
be nearly surrounded by tree States,and the escape of slaves
become so easy, and when so large a portion of the people
"i1'''1° 1'- both from interest and principle, it is
tnrnmht bv those well ncnuainted with the state of public
feehns. that slavery will give way to surrounding circum-
stances, and Missouri itself join the sisterhood of free States
around her! Should not such prospects satisfy the most
zealous Abolitionist? Should not the part only which is
two or three to be carved from Texas, Missouri itself to be
free. Who could expect so much? Who asks for more ?
The Abolitionists have harangued for freedom, preached
lor ireedom, and, as they say, prayed for freedom over this
\ast territory. Should they not thank heaven and be con-
tent when they received %vhat they asked ?
'• Indeed, they now admit, almost without an exception,
that such results have been secured by the Nebraska bill—
results grand, permanent, and glorious—such as no single
act of Congress has ever before secured."
Governor Wright, of Indiana, within a very
short time, said it was the best kind of a Wilmot
proviso. Now, these are from Kansas-Nebraska
men at the North. I furnish them, not to prove
that these men are unsound, but to show ifhat
their interpretation of the Kansas bill is; and to*;
satisfy all those at the South who fear the resto-
ration of the Missouri line, that their apprehen-
sions are groundless. Why, I ask again, should
they restore it? No, sir, as I said at the outset,
the ;arae of the Republican party is not to re-
store, but to drive the whole North to their con-
struction of the Kansas act, and then, in the lan-
guage of the New Hampshire Kansas editor,
" overflow their natural bounds," &c. J7hat is
to be done, if more territory should be added in
the Southwest? Is this same war for the power
to rule to be without end ? Would the men of the
South tamely submit to an avalanche from the
North into southern territory to pass laws in ad-
vance against slavery, so that it might never have
a foothold there ? Let men pause and reflect. To
illustrate some of the difficulties this construction
of the Kansas bill has thrown in our way, I will
give you some of my own experience. I have
urged, at different times, since I have been here,
upon some of the more reasonable of the Repub-
licans, the impropriety of their having, through
aid societies and otherwise, attempted to take
Kansas, whether or no, and thereby bring, about
the unhappy state of things in that Territory.
They reply to this, that, whatever may be thought
of the policy of their extraordinary efforts to
possess Kansas, it was lawful, and that they
had only complied with what they considered a
kind of promise held out by those who pressed
that measure upon Congress, and some of them
southern men at that, in their declarations that the
North ought not to complain—that she had the
most people—could emigrate with less difficulty
than the men of the South—and, therefore, were
bo.und to make Kansas a free State. They claim
that they are only laboring for a full "execution
of the law, and in the spirit in which they were
invited to do so. With the present received con-
struction of that act, I confess it is not so easy to
meet that argument.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question. .
Mr. FOSTER The gentleman will be brief,
as my time is very short.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would not interrupt the
gentleman if he had not spoken of what has been
said by southern Democrats here on the passage
of the Kansas-Nebraska act. If he does not wish
to have a reply to what he says, then he ought
not to quote from papers and letters which he
has not with him, and the exact purport of which
he does not recollect.
Mr. FOSTER. Whatever paper oV letter I
have referred to in my speech 4 shall print with
my published remarks, and this is a full answer
to the gentleman. He need have no apprehen-
sion that anything will be concealed. I am
merely making ppmmentaries 011 what papers 1
refer to.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman's commenta-
ries may be wrong.
Mr. FOSTER. If the text is right, the com-
mentaries, if wrong, will hurt nobody.
Mr. HOUSTON. My question is this: The
gentleman presents, as an evidence of the fact that
the Kansas-Nebraska bill was urged by northern
Democrats as a measure of- freedom, that they
argued before the people of the North that, hav-
ing a larger population, they could sooner settle
up the Territory and make their regulations to
suitthemselves. Now, doesnotthegentleman see,
and will he not candidly acknowledge, that this
is not an argument in favor of abolition—not in
favor of slavery, but in favor of the justice of the.
principle embodied in the bill that the people of
the Territory, those who go there to settle and
make it their home, shall be perfectly free to
frame their institutions in their own way ? It is
a measure of justice and not of abolition.
Mr. FOSTER. What I say is, that the con-
struction of the Kansas bill, as held by Mr. Buch-
anan and his friends, is, that Congress, possessing
the power, and having transferred it to the people
of the Territory, they may act now, while in a
territorial character, upon their domestic institu-
tions. I say it is the doctrine held by Mr. Buch-
anan and his friends upon this subject which has
produced the unnatural hot growth in Kansas
and brought all this trouble and gloomy apprehen-
sion upon the country.
Mr. WARNER. When my colleague says
that Mr. Buchanan's friends hold that doctrine,
he does not intend to include me ?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly not. My colleague
has not come out yet ujfon that question. I only
refer to those who have come out.
Mr. WARNER. I have come out. I have
declaimed my views to the House.
Mr. FOSTER. I was not apprised of the fact,
as I did not hear my colleague's speech.
But I have been asked what were Mr. Fill-
more's views upon this question? Well, sir, I
think I can at least furnish such proofs as ought
to satisfy Democracy. It will be remembered,
Mr. Chairman, that at the opening of Congress,
when we were endeavoring to elect a presiding
officer for this House, and the South Americans
were voting for the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller,] our Democratic
friends became exceedingly unhappy at the pros-
pect of our depravity. They said that Fillmore
and his party were unsound on the negro ques-
tion—not thftt Mr, Fillmore had done anything
forfeit the good opinion they had once had of
him, but because the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania was his chosen organ, and that Fillmore
and his friends must be judged by him. They
made speeches, and wrote letters, and had the-
country in a perfect fever on the subject. Well,
in due time, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Fuller] made up his record, and it has
gone before the world; and lam perfectly willing
that Mr. Fillmore shall be judged by that record.
What does he say? He says:
" I would have preferred that the legislation of the
| Thirty-Third Congress had not been enacted, and that the
! people of all sections should have abided by the compromise
i of 1820, as a measure of repose, because, under the com-
promises of 1850, peace, quiet, and social harmony had been
generally restored. It might have avertPd the unhappy dif-
ficulties existing in Kansas—would have saved the country
the long scene of disorganization through which we liave
recently passed. I would have let the compromise of 1820
alone, and did not favor the repeal, because I believed its
effect upon the public mind of the country would produce
injury and mischief greater than any good it could possibly
attain.
" Now that the repealing act has been passed, we have,
as practical legislators, to meet the existing facts, and a
different state of case. We are not called upon to abide by
past legislation, but we are asked to legislate anew for the
establishment of the restrictive clause, under the plea of a
restoration of the status quo before the Kansas bill was
passed. That restoration is now impossible. To attempt
it can only produce irritation, sectional alienation, and a
disturbance of the public peace of the country.
" Practically, so far as the extension of slavery is con-
cerned, the South has gained nothing—the North has lost
nothing, by its repeal. It is conceded, I believe, by intel -
ligent men of all sections familiar with the country, that
neither the soil, or the climate, or the natural productions
of the Territories thus thrown open, can offer any perma-
nent inducement for slavery to enter there. The cotton
planter, the sugar grower, and the rice producer, will not
feel it his interest to leave his own warmer latitude, where,
in the millions of acres of unoccupied territory, he has am-
ple room for present, as well as prospective expausion.
The law of interest—the irrepealable law of nature must
operate there as everywhere. True, there is now a heated
and angry controversy in the Territory of Kansas. The
men of the border, in natural antagonism with aid societies
elsewhere, have been stimulated to associated effort for the
purpose of its establishment. Men may engage in, but will
not continue, a struggle of unproductive labor. If this be
true of Kansas, it cannot be less so of Nebraska. But
whether slavery will go into Kansas or not—whetberit will
go into Nebraska or not—is a question I shall leave with
the citizens who reside in those Territories to determine
for themselves, when they come to form their State consti-
tutions and apply for admission into the Union.
" Entertaining these views, on the 19th of December last,
I declared, in the House, that I would vote for the admis-
sion of Kansas with or without slavery. * * *
" My declaration, in substance, was, that I would vote
for the admission of States, without reference to the ques-
tion of slavery. What is the past history of the Govern-
ment? Eighteen new States have been admitted nine
free, nine slave. It has thus been nine times solemnly
affirmed, that it is no objection to the admission of a State
that its constitution /ecognizes slavery. It has been as
often affirmed that it is no objection to the admission of a
State that its constitution prohibits slavery."
Any squatter sovereignty there ? Would the
doctrine therein embrq^ed applied to Kansas have
produced arty of the troubles which have come
upon that Territory ? No, sir; no! If, ingood
faith, all parties had understood that the Terri-
tories were the common property of all, held by
the General Government as the common agent of
all the parties concerned, with no power, either in
the Government or in the people of the Territories,
while in a territorial state, to establish or exclude
slavery, the Government the while, as an impar-
tial agent, seeing to it that my property in Geor-
gia was as much to be protected in the Territory
as the property of the man of Massachusetts
and when the requisite number of inhabitants
were there to Authorize the formation of a State
constitution, preparatory to coming into the
Union, the right of the bona Jide citizens to either
include or exclude slavery from their constitu-
tion—I say, Mr. Chairman, with such doctrine
as that applied to Kansas, you would have heard
of no difficulties there.
Immigration would have gone in the natural
way. Men from all sections would have met there
to settlo the country, and build up its institutions.
Their domestic policy would have been discussed
in a spirit of conciliation, and th^ institutions
would have been made to conform to the true
interests of the people. It does not matter where
they might have emigrated from; left free to act
for themselves, with thelights of experience be-
fore them, tHey would, as the proper time rolled
round, h*ve acted for their own interests, inde-
pendent of all extraneous influences. This is our
doctrine, and was, as I understood it, the doctrine
of the people whom I left, some five months ago,
of all parties. But this is not all the testimony I
have on this point, of Mr. Fillmore's soundness.
I understand the Democratic national committee
have sent out thousands of letters of Senators
Pratt and Pearce, of M^fyland.
I suppose they will not jobject to being held to
the doctrine, that they shall hot be allowed to im-
peach their own witnesses. Governor Pratt not
only says Mr. Fillmore is sound, but that he has
a sound party; and the only thing, it would seem,
that alarms the Senator is, that the party is not
large enough; but that it is good, as far as it goes,
he bears testimony. The other point we will try
and supply. Senator Pearce pays Mr. Fillmore
one of the handsomest compliments he has had.
He attributes his want of popularity at the North
to his patriotic administration. Now, sir, after
adopting these witnesses themselves, it does not
lie in tlieir mouth to say one word against Mr.
Fillmore. And yet there are speeches shipped
off from h<*e by the cartload, filled with all man-
ner of abuse of that good man, and, no doubt, in
many instances, both the speeches and letters
alluded to are sent under the same frank. I tell
gentlemen, in all seriousness, that the people will
soon be brought to the point that 'will not
believe anything they tell them.- ■
Mr. Fillmore needs no indoaw1 t0 commend
him to the people of the coiuntry. He stands
upon his own past Administration as his plat-
form; and holding the Ctawstitution 80 as to cover
North and South, flkit'and West, under its ample
folds, he submits jiis claims to all who love their
country better than party—all who have patriot-
ism enoughs to look beyond the agitations of a
section—Seyond the spoils of office, to the best
