1253
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Presidential Issues—Mr. Foster.
Ho. of Reps.
means of restoring the harmony of all sections
without trenching on the peculiar rights of either.
If ever there was a time when we should be will-
ing to look beyond mere party triumph in the
choice of a Chief Magistrate, in my judgment it
is now. No mere party President can bring
peace at this time, h. matters not which section
elects, nor how good in himself the chosen one
may be, if he comes into the Presidency by the
votes mainJy from one of the opposing sections
of the Union, supported in Congress by the men
of that section, he cannot administer the Govern-
ment so as to promote harmony. His enemies
will see him wrong, however right he may be,
and his friends will be exacting, in the proportion,
in inverse ratio of the area of a congressional
district to the breadth of a whole Union. This
is no time for sectional Presidents, unless we
have made up our minds to give up the Union
without another effort to make it worth preserv-
ing. And it is useless to disguise the fact, that
there is now the most imminent peril right in our
pathway. Mr. Fillmore has served, us in just
such an emergency. He then had the courage
and the patriotism to convert his robes of office
into "robes of ice," and, forgetting all else, to
■teer the good ship to the haven of safety.
There are few men capable of doing just as he
did. Others may do as well. Is this the time to
make the experiment? Will he do again ns he
has done before ? Yes, sir. I know just as well
as it is possible to know beforehand, what a man
of honor, and truth, and integrity, and the most
exulted patriotism, will do in the future; that his
administration now would be as acceptable to
all sections as it was in 1850-'51-'52. His elec-
tion would now restore peace to the country in
one month, without the violation of any law, or
the infringement of the rights of any section.
And my firm conviction is, if we could read the
hearts of men as does Omniscience, that Mr. Pill-
more would be put into the presidential chair by
the acclamation of the people.
But I am to be told, " You cannot elect Mr.
Fillmore; aad therefore you ought to vote for
Mr. Buchanan." 1 have no patience left for such
arguments as that. How do I know " we cannot
elect him," till we try? We all know, if his
friends all vote for somebody else, that he cannot
be.electcd. I do not believe that any well-in-
formed man will doubt but that, if all the men
in. the Union who really prefer Mr. Fillmore
were to vote for him, he would be elected. Then
why this "chicken-hearted" course? £>o your
duty whatever others may do. But, sir, what do
we gain if we vote for Mr. Buchanan, and elect
him? We shall not restore harmony by that act,
as I have already shown. Shall we establish any
great principle by electing him? Yes, sir, we
■hall establish that Congress has " sovereign and
exclusive" power over the subject of slavery in
the Territories. An# further, that Congress,
having that power, transmitted it to the people,
and that the first comers into any Territory may
elect a Legislature, and exclude slavery there-
from. This, I say, we establish beyond "doubt
or cavil."
Now, sir, if the Democratic party had run Mr.
Buchanan simply as Mr. Buchanan, though I
never admired him as a politician, yet, in an
emergency, to get all hands together at the South
for the fined struggle, bitter as the pill would have
been, I would have voted for him. I could have
done that, and compromised no principle, because
he would then have been run withoutany declara-
tion at all. Or if he were mn simply upon the Cin-
cinnati platform, Janus-like as it ici kthe South
f.ould have voted for him without sacrifice, be-
cause she could still have contended for her own
meaning of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. And, sir,
as an evidence that I was unwilling to throw so I
much as a straw in the way of any arrangement
which promised any good to the country, and
especially to the South, I did not open my mouth.
My own people complained of my silence; but I
had a duty to perform above party. I had no
personal ambition to gratify. 1 was here, not by
any seeking on my part, but, having taken the
responsibility, it was my duty to serve, not gratify
?ny people. Well', Mr. Buchanan wrote his letter.
He construed the only plank' in 'the platform that
attracted public attention. He gave the platform
| a voice, and it sp^ke to the nation. I waited to
| hear the language of rebuke from the South. I
knew that party fetters were hard to break, but
that the voice of that platform was strange music
in Georgia. Well, sir, that rebuke did not come.
Paint gleams of lightning, it is true, and sub-
dued mutterings, but no thunder tones. Well,
as soon as the southern patient had gotten over
the oualms of the first aose, and become pre-
pared for almost any drug known to the political
dispensatory, Mr. Van Buren takes him in hand.
I have been at some loss to know exactly what
trick the magician was up to—whether he intends
to take revenge upon the South for her repudia-
tion of him in 1840, by the less majily but more
successful mode of secret poison, or really has
ambition to see once more his name and blood
" lord of the mansion," I am unable to divine.
He speaks "to the record," and almost by au-
thority, and puts the matter beyond " doubt or
cavil.
1 paused to see whether Mr. Buchanan would
speak, or by his silence acquiesce in the commen-
tary. He remained " silent as the grave."
This was bad enough; but the cup ran over when,
instead of that letter of.Mr. Van Buren arousing
the whole South to a sense of the quicksands
into which they were being carried, the Demo-
cratic party actually grew giddy with delight.
Let me give you one or two specimens. Here
is one from one of their journals of standing, and
in good fellowship with the party in Georgia:
| " Martin Van Buren and his son John are out Tor
Buchanan; the former in a letter and the latter in a spicy
I speech reported in the New York papers. We believe this
will secure New York to the Democratic ticket. The Van
Burens have been leaders among the Soft Shell Democracy,
• and their support of the ticket augurs well for the union of
the party in that State. In taking this step, they are com-
pelled to back from their former position on the slavery
question."—Southern Banner.
Back, indeed! I said they were giddy. Charity
requires us to believe that the editor wrote the
article before he read the letter. Carrying New
York for Democracy seemed to be the one idea that
filled his mind. Right upon the heel of that, an-
other leading journal, at the capital of the State,
indorses the letter as a "patriotic letter."
Why patriotic ? Is it because he smells less of
the Buffalo platform than he did in 1848 ? Hear
him:
| " My own course in regard to it (slavery in the Terri-
tories) baa been one, by the record of which I shall always
I be willing to be judged, Whenever and wherever the acts of
an individual are deemed of sufficient importance lo attract
attention."
Patriotic! Why ? Because he thinks Congress
has no power to give the people of the Territories
power to exclude slavery? Hear him again:
" I have not the slightest doubt of the power of Congress
to give this authority to the people of tbe Territories."
Why, again I ask, is that letter thought to be
patriotic by southern Democracy ? Is it because,
in illustrating a principle throughout his whole
letter, he uses the words'' exclude slavery " every
time, and " include" never? No, no, Mr. Chair-
man, Mr. Van Buren said he would vote for Mr.
Buchanan—that was enough.
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 ask how any southern
man can vote for Mr. Buchanan without commit-
ting himself to the power in Congress to legislate
on the subject of slavery in the Territories ? What
will be the effect of that ? I want every southern
man to reflect upon this point. There is no obli-
gation on the North not to transfer the question
of power from the Territories back to the halls of
Congress. If, in future years, we shall acquire
more territory from Mexico, and the North,
thinking the chance is better then in Congress
than.in the Territories; if they find that they can-
not " overflow their natural boundaries" suffi-
ciently to accomplish their purpose, and come back
to Congress to exclude slavery, how can any man
who now supports Mr. Buchanan open his mouth
against that claim ? Now, do not get one side of
this point. It is not because Mr. Buchanan be-
lieves in the power simply which binds you—it
is because he makes those opinions your platform, and
you indorse it. You make the Kansas bill your
platform—he puts words into the mouth of that
measure, not what you think it ought to say, but i
you not only do not contradict that language, but
I indorse it by your vote. This answers all the j
1 appeals which nave been made to me to come to I
the support of Mr. Buchanan. We are upon the
eve of a great battle. What will be its result I
cannot tell. But when the din shall have died
away, and the smoke cleared up, if the Union is
left, I want at least to be left with free limbs and
untrammeled tongue when the next battle is to be
fought for the South. And I want it distinctly
understood, that the chief to whom I do homage
must have other aides-de-camp than the Messrs.
Van Buren. Why, sir, if Mr. Buchanan should
be elected, and appoint Mr. Van Buren as Secre-
tary of State, and send John minister to England*
no southern man would have a right to open his
mouth.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi. I would ask
the gentleman from Georgia if, by any extraor-
dinary contingency or mysterious dispensation
of Providence, Mr. Fillmore should be elected,
and should appoint Mr. Moore, who stood by
Mr. Banks in the election for Speaker, or Mr.
Dunn, or Mr. Batard Clarke, whether or not
he would repudiate the American party?
Mr. FOSTER. Providence does sometimes
i interpose in mercy to save from the follies of men.
! Mr. Chairman, gentlemen seem to be slow to see
a point. Now, I make no point on Mr. Buch-
I anan, because unsound men vote for him. He
i is at liberty to get all the votes he can. I have
j not yet heard either of the gentlemen referred to
Eretend to speak for Mr. Fillmore, or to explain
ia.-position.
| • Mr, WRIGHT. Mr. Dunn is a Fillmore
elector for Indiana.
Mr. FOSTER. That does not change the case
, at all. I say again, that 1 make no point on any
j man because he may get unsound men's votes.
! Nor would I, under some circumstances, condemn
' a man for appointing to office one who differed
from him. I said you would have no right to
complain if Mr. Van Buren were appointed.
Now, the difference in the cases before us is, that
Messrs.^Ioore, Dunn, and Clarke, either differ
or agree with Mr. Fillmore. If they differ with
him, and he appoint them, his friends have a
right to complain; but if he and they openly
agree before-the election, and he then appoint
them, I for one will not complain. Now, Mr.
Van Buren openly takes position with Mr. Buch-
anan—sttlhds upon his platform—makes it say
the same thing. Mr. Buchanan and his friends
not only do not repudiate, but indorse, as I have
shown. Why, then, should they find fault? Is
not Mr. Van Buren in full fellowship? Has he
not written a "patriotic letter?" Will not he
and John, at the head of the Softs, secure " New
York to the Democrats ?" Do they usually work
in politics for fun? Will they not think the
"laborer worthy of his hire " if they should
j " secure New York to the Democrats ?" I think
I was quite modest in the places I have assigned
i them. I should think a man of the caliber of
! either of them, with New York at his back, and
in " full faith and practice " of Democracy, might
Well aspire to the first office in your gift. But my
time is almost gone. How much have I, Mr.
Chairman ?
The CHAIRMAN. Three minutes only.
Mr. FOSTER. I did want to examine a little
to see what sort of a party at the North was to
be built up by taking hold of the Democratic nom-
inee. I have been told for years, sir, that the old
Whig party North was rotten, and the Democracy
sound. They said—" Just clear the track of old
Federal, blue-light, Abolition Whigs, and then
stand still and see the salvation of the Democratic
party." Well, the track was pretty well cleared,
and what has been the result? By looking into
the history of the thing a little, I find that in at
least two or three States at the North, the " back-
bone" Democratic districts—districts which gave
Mr. Pierce from one thousand five hundred to
five thousand majorities, are now all represented
by Republicans, with' majorities at their backs of
from three to seven thousand. And, what is a
singular fact, I learn that in Ohio, the districts
now claiiped with most confidence by the De-
mocracy are some of the old Whig districts. But
that is not all. The tune has changed. We hear
no more of " old Federal, blue-light, Abolition
Whigs." And, in fact, I have not heard much
very recently of" dark lantern." But now it is
"gallant old Whig party"—" glorious old Whig
