1254
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas and the Compromises—Mr. Norton.
Ho. of Reps.
That was the opinion of Mr. Richardson in j
regard to the position of those Territories at that j
time; and, mark you, he goes on to say that the j
Missouri compromise prohibited slavery in ter- j
ritory north of 36 30'. Why did he not add at :
that place the words, " which we are now about !
to repeal ?" Sir, his position then was, that Utah |
and New Mexico stood upon precisely the same j
fround as Kansas and Nebraska did, and that [
oth were free—the one by the laws of Mexico, j
and the other by the act of 1820. _ [
Well, sir, I will now read a little higher author-
ity of the same sort. I want to read from an
authority that is not only good in itself, but that
is peculiarly good with the Democratic party,
ana superlatively good with that party in tne
State of Illinois; and I mean to show that if those
of us who opposed the repeal of the Missouri com- i
promise are traitors, abolitionists, and fanatics, j
we have a mighty host of them in the State of ;
Illinois, with the champion of the repeal at their i
head. I will read from Mr. Douglas s celebrated
speech, of March, 1850,on the compromise meas- ,
ures, to show what he thought about slavery 1
being prohibited in Utah and New Mexico. He j
says: I
" This is the doctrine of the Supreme Court of the United (
States, in an opinion delivered by Chief Justice Marshall,
and concurred in by all the judges. I could quote many
other decisions of the same court, to the same effect, but :
this will suffice. Thus it appears, that when we acquired '
New Moxico^ and California^ the act or treaty which
transferred to us the territory^ also transferred with it all i
the laws in force at the time, except those relating to the 1
allegiance of the' inhabitants to the Government of Mex- :
ico. This rule is, of course, subject to the further limita- )
tion of such laws as were inconsistent with the Constitu-
tion of the United States and the fundamental principles
of our Government. Of this character is the law creating
an established Church as a part of the government of the
State. That, and all other laws inconsistent with our form
of Government, became void by the treaty. But a law
adopted by the people themselves, prohibiting slavery, can-
not be deemed of that character. Slavery, then, is pro-
hibited in all the country acquired from Mexico by a funda- j
mental law — a constitutional provision adopted by the i
inhabitants of the country, and which must continue in j
force forever, unless repealed by competent authority. :
This doctrine is not new with me, nor is it now advanced ;
by me for the first time. I advanced it the first time the I
Wilmot proviso was ever proposed in the House of Repre- !
sentatives as an amendment to the two million Jrill."
"And must continue in force forever, unless
repealed by competent authority." Sir, have they
ever been repealed ? Are they not still in force ? j
I ask any member here to tell me if the territorial I
acts for Utah and New Mexico ever undertook to
repeal, or squinted at the idea of repealjjg, the
Mexican laws, during the term of their tOTitorial
existence ? No, sir; the people there were to form
their own constitution, in such manner as they
chose; and this was all. No change was made j
in their condition, in this regard, during their \
territorial existence.
Sir, this provision, thrust into the middle of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, saying that the Mis-
souri compromise was superseded by the princi-
ples of non-intervention contained in the acts of
1850, was palpably false in itself, the fact being
directly the reverse; and if there was any doc-
■ trine of non-intervention established by tne acts
of 1850, then, sir, that doctrine required Mr.
Douglas and the Democratic party to leave the
Missouri compromise in full force. And why,
sir ? Because they left the Mexican law in full
fbrce, during the territorial existence of the Ter-
ritories organized by those acts. They left them
in 1850 as they found them; with slavery prohib-
ited. They did not intervene upon the subject;
and if; they had followed the spirit or letter of
those acts, then, sir, in 1854 they would have
left Nebraska and Kansas as they found them,
■with slavery prohibited by the act of 1820. From
that conclusion, I defy their ingenuity or their
boldness to extricate them. I might add, that
two years afterwards it was stated openly in the ,
Senate, by Mr. Atchison,and without contradic- i
tion, that the Missouri compromise was not
repealed. Mr. Douglas, in his first report on his
first Nebraska bill, in 1854, took the ground that
they did not propose to repeal it. I may be !
allowed to refer, also, as a part of the history of !
the times, to the fact that the organ of the Dem- ;
ocratic party, the Washington Union, proclaimed !
to the country, when Senator Dixon proposed
this repeal, that he was endangering the peace
Of the country, and renewing the terrible excite-
ments of 1820 and of 1850. And yet, sir, every
man in this free land of ours, who dares to raise
his voice against that giant wrong, is denounced
as a traitor, an Abolitionist, and a fanatic.
Mr. Chairman, another of the pretensSs set up
in favor of the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
and the only one that gave it any credit in the
free States, was the vaunted idea of " popular
sovreignty." In the discussion of this point I
shall have to be very brief, as I see that my time
is fast passing aw,ay. Popular sovereignty! Why,
sir, what is popular sovereignty ? It is the right
of the people to govern themselves. Govern-
ment, as we all know, is divided into three de-
fartments—legislative, executive, and judicial,
f you have popular sovereignty in any just sense,
the people have a right to make their own laws,
to adjudicate upon those laws, and to enforce
them. "Popular sovereignty" is no popular
sovereignty, unless the people have all these
rights. Where did the Kansas'Nebraska bill
leave the executive power of those Territories—
that mighty power, which, when removed from
the people, has always trampled under foot their
rights, and crushed out their liberties ?N Is it left
with the people of Kansas? Not a bit of it. It
is in the nands of the President of the United
States. Where is the Judiciary? Sir, it would
be a sufficient answer to tell you that Lecompte
is judge in Kansas; sufficient ta satisfy every
man's judgment that the people of that Territory 1
had no control over their judiciary. The ju-
dicial authority is in the hands of the Executive
at .Washington, and yet you tell us the people of
Kansas have popular sovereignty.
Popular sovereignty! with Shannon for Gov-
ernor. How long would he have ruled in Kan-
sas, if the people had had a right jto elect their
own Governor, or to impeach or to remove him?
Popular sovereignty—with a bench controlling
the destinies of that people, and determining their
rights of life, liberty, and property, lender such a
monster as Lecompte! How long would he have
disgraced the annals of our judicial history, if the
people of Kansas had had popular sovereignty,
and the right to say who should be their judges?^
But what did they have ? Did they have a Ter-
ritorial Legislature? They did not even have
that. A Governor, appointed by your President,
could veto any law they passed, and then it would
require two thirds to pass it over his head. Over
him they had no control, and in his election they
had no more to say than the man in the moon
had. And that is popular sovereignty! Sir, in
the two departments of government first named,
the people of Kansas were given no more author-
ity than pertains to the peasants of England, the
subjects of Austria, or tne serfs of Russia—in the
last but in form. Sir, popular sovereignty, as
embodied in the Kansas-Nebraska bill, is the
most delusive dream, the most arrant humbug,
ever foisted upon any people. And yet, strange
to say, that was the . doctrine which gained for
the author of this cruel measure all his adherents
in the free States.
But, sir, how has this popular sovereignty, as
£ reclaimed in Congress, been carried out "by a
lemocratic Administration ? Why, sir, Prom first
to last, that Territory has been overrun by mobs
and border ruffians, and hordes of men possess-
ing as little of humanity in their bosoms, and as
little regard for law and order and justice, as did
the hordes of Goths and Vandals that came down
from the North upon the plains of Europe in the
dark ages, sweeping away in their fiery march
every trace of civilization that lay in their path-
way, and leaving that pathway marked alone by
desolation, darkness, and blood. Sir, these Mis-
sourians came down upon the unoffending citi-
zens like the wolf on the fold. They came in
companies of tens, and twenties, and fifties, and
hundreds—armed men, men "on horseback and
on foot, in wagons and with tents. They came
with great noise and confusion. And what have
they done ? They have seized on the ballot-boxes.
They have driven gray-headed men and young
men from the polls. They have trampled under
foot the elective franchise. They have subju-
gated the Territory. They have usurped the
authority of the Legislature, and made a Legis-
lature of their own; and under this usurped au-
thority, they have passed a code of laws asbloody
as the code of Draco, a disgrace to the nineteenth
century. They came with music and banners,
and the implements of death; they returned with
garments stained with blood,and left behind them
murdered men and smoldering ruins. And this
i is popular sovereignty in Kansas, under a Dem-
I ocratic Administration—under a Democratic law!
i Mr. Chairman, it is admitted by the gentle-
i man from Missouri, [Mr.-Oliver,] that these
men went into Kansas determined to vote. It is
admitted by Senator Dooglas, that seven of the
legislative districts of the Territory were invaded
by border ruffians; and the report of the investi-
1 gating committee shows, beyond all controversy,
that the -Territory of Kansas is actually subju-
gated under the feet of these usurpers, and that
, its people have been driven from the polls, de-
prived of the right of franchise—and men, women,
and children have been compelled to flee for
i safety to the prairies, by the light of their own
i burning dwellings. Sir, Lecompte, in whose
hands are the lives, liberties, and fortunes of these
people, would have been -a fit associate of Jef-
, freys of England, of infamous memory, if he had
| his ability; and Shannon, as he looked without
I emotion upon the smoldering ruins of Lawrence,
I was but an epitome of that besotted and cruel
i emperor, who fiddled while Rome was burning,
t Such, sir, is popular sovereignty, as it has been
illustjfited in Kansas. Sir, it was left for the year
of grace 1854, for this thing to be discovered.
The men who passed the ordinance of '87, those
glorious old patriots who had just come out of
the fires of the Revolution, were children in their
knowledge of the rights of man and the privi-
leges of citizenship! The men of 1U20, who
passed the Missouri compromise, weVe also cliil-
! dren in the science of government and the doc-
| trine of popular sovereignty. Ah! sir, the men
; of those times, though they had gained the ap-
; plause of the civilized world for learning, states-
manship, and valor, were all pigmies, compared
I with the Senator from Illinois, in the principles
of popular sovereignty and t>f republican govern-
ment.
Mr. Chairman, another of the pretenses under
which the Missouri compact was broken down
fis the allegation, that it had been forced on the
South in derogation of southern rights. Now,
sir, as I have already stated,That proposition
was originally brought forward in the Senate by
Mr. Thomas, of Illinois, but he uniformly acted
with southern men during that struggle.- And,
sir, it was renewed and carried through, in the
committee of conference, by Mr. Pinkney, of
Maryland — a man distinguished alike for hia
lofty patriotism, profound statesmanship, and -
brilliant genius. The naked proposition to pro-
hibit slavery in the territory north of 36° 30' was
voted for by a majority of southern men, both in .
the Senate and in this House; and, when united
with the proposition to admit Missouri as a State^
it carried almost every southern vote in both
branches of Congress. Every may who will ex-
amine the Journals of Congress will admit this
fact. When gentlemen assume that this measure
was forced upon the South, they must blot out
the Journals of Congress, they must efface the
records of history, they must obliterate the fact,
that the act was signed by a southern President,
sanctioned by a southern Cabinet, and proclaimed
to the world by a distinguished Representative
from South Carolina, at the very moment of it*
passage, as " # southern triumph! " Sir, they
must strike from the list of southern statesmen
the honored names of King, and Pinckney, and
Lowndes, and Clay.
But I wish to give a little Illinois authority on
this question. I will read from a speech made
by my colleague of the Springfield district, [Mr.
Harris,] at the first session of 1850:
" But, Mr. Chairman, we are told that the North seeks
to exclude the South from these Territories, and thereby
confer exclusive benefits upon themselves. I am not aware,
Mr. Chairman, of any design so to exclude the South, nor
do I perceive how any inequality of rights would be estab-
lished, either by the admission or exclusion of slavery.
" We are told tlyit the Missouri compromise was another
aggressive measure; but was not this, too, a southern
measure ? It passed the House of Representatives by a
majority of southern votes—thirty-eight southern votes be-
ing for it, and thirty-seven against it; while of the southern
States, Delaware, Maryland, North Carolina, Alabama,
Mississippi, Tennessee, and Kentucky voted for it, either
