1260
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Practical Legislation for the Kansas Troubles, etc.—Mr. Moore.
Ho. of Reps.
faith; its violation of pledges; its utter disregard
of the peace and repose of the country; its pal-
pable impudence and folly, if not wickedness, in :
disturbing a peace measure of so long standing,
and in opening up anew the agitation of a subject
ever delicate, troublesome, exciting, and vexa- i
tious, in the country; desiring, so far as practi-
cable, to redress the wrong, do justice to the
rights of those who have been aefrauded and
basely dealt with, bring back the Government to ,
a policy upon which it had been conducted by
good men through so many years, and restore
once more in the land peace and concord;—gen-
tlemen, sir, who, to accomplish these things,
under the imperious necessity of the case, have ;
been willing,and evenmanifestedthatwillingness,
to forget for a time the safe precedents of the past,
the prudence and wisdom and statesmanship
•which, under other circumstances, would have
guided their steps, and gone with the Republican
party to any point within reason, and short of
revolution, the rupture of the Government, or
the creation of troubles and difficulties in the
country, more terrible and disastrous than those
which they desire to remedy. And it is no ex-
cuse, therefore, to say that they had no power
to propose and carry through this House some
echeme or plan feasible ana practicable, because
acceptable to the Senate, which, if it would not
have accomplished all that was desired, would
have done much towards it. • \
Mr. Chairman, what has the Republican party
done, or proposed to do, on this subject, which
they did not know would not meet the approba-
tion of the Senate or the President, and could not
therefore be carried out? They have, through tl^e
aid of some of those, who, although not of them,
are yet willing, under imperious necessity, to
render them assistance, so as to enable them to
experiment, and to exhibit to the country their
determination to do something for the redress of
the wrongs of which they complain, passed the :
bill admitting Kansas into the Union as a State,
under her Topeka constitution. They have, by
the same assistance, even against their own will
and convictions of right,"passed a bill repealing
the Kansas and Nebraska act reorganizing the
Territory of Kansas and restoring the Missouri
compromise. They have also attained to some
of the appropriation bills certairyprovisoes, look-
ing towards the repeal of some or the odious laws
of Kansas, a redress of the wrongs inflicted upon
some of the people of that Territory. And_yet,
did not every Republican, either in or out of Con-
fress, know full well, when the passage of those
ills took place, that they were destined to inev-
itable defeat in the Senate, and that to insist upon
the adoption of the provisoes attached to the ap-
propriation bills was to defeat those measures,
and thereby stop the wheels of Government,
• bring about revolution, and eventually destroy
the Republic ? And jet nothing else is proposed,
nothing attempted, nothing even suggested by this
party, who claim for themselves, par excellence,
in everything that pertains to the " wrongs of
Kansas," a redress of those wrongs, and the res-
toration of quiet to the country.
Nor is that party excusable upon the ground
that no one else has suggested a feasible and prac-
tical plan for the settlement of some, if not all, of i
the difficulties that exist. Weeks and weeks ago,
Mr. Chairman, a gentleman from New York
[Mr. Haven] presented to this House an amend-
ment to the Senate Kansas bill, providing for the
wiping out of everything transacted in that Terri-
tory since the organization—the taking of a new
census, a complete registration of the legal voters,
the districting anew of the Territory, the election
of a new Legislature, the annulling, upon the
meeting of the Legislature, of all laws unless reen-
acted by it, and an entire change in its govern-
mental affairs. And yet, sir, no action has been
had by this House upon that measure, so fair
upon its face, so unexceptionable to all, even those
who insist upon the principles of the Kansas-
* Nebraska bill itself, exciting no agitation, con-
flicting with none of the doctrines of any party
in this country, so promotive of its peace and
quiet. But, instead of action upon it, when a
proposition was made weeks ago to take from the
table the Senate bill, so as to act upon the amend-.
ment offered to it, a large body of the Republican
party upon this floor voted against, and by their
votes defeated it. And now, Mr. Chairman, is
it unjust to charge that there is no disposition on
the part of the Republicans in this House to do
anything practical towards the settlement of the
Kansas difficulties; but that they are willing to
adjourn this Congress, leaving Kansas uncared
for—no provision for the repose of the countiy,
no peace measure suggested, no suffusion of the
blood, no healing of the wounds, no quieting of
the fears and apprehensions of the good citizen,
and all, all, because the Senate, constituted as it
is, of which we have had full knowledge in ad-
vance, will not concur in some favorite plan or
scheme upon which this House, as an ultimatum,
has settled down.
Sir, this Republican party goes out, and upon
this record appeals to the country in the presi-
dential race; and, while the Democracy folds its
arms and stands upon its finality, doing nothing,
proposing to do nothing, the Republicans, by their
acts, say to the people, " There shall be no settle-
ment of this question—no compromise—no con-
ciliation, and no cessation of hostilities—unless
they can obtain all that is required and de-
manded." And upon these two propositions, so
Widely apart, and yet so identical m their fatal
tendencies and consequences to the country, they
propose to fight the great presidential battle of
this year. Single-handed and alone, the contest
would be fierce and terrible—bitter in its incep-
tion—hostile and vindictive in its progress—fear-
ful in its termination—fatal and calamitous to the
country, whatever may be its results.
Sir, the great heart of this nation is not in that
struggle. The masse?—the quiet, prudent, and
true men of the country, begin to stand aghast,
as they should, and to ask themselves where their
duty lies in such an hour. And while that fierce
fight for sectional supremacy proceeds, and every
appliance is brought to bear to arouse and excite
to anger the cool and sedate citizen everywhere,
and to impress and force them into the service of
either one side or the other, there comes into the
field a new party, with its chieftain bearing in his
hand the olive branch—with no martial music—
no flaming sword—no noise of battle—but quietly,
yet firmly, takes its position, and enteift the list.
It bears aloft no unfamiliar banner—every stripe
and, star is upon it—and no one in all that band
would aim a blow that could, perchance, mar its
beauty or tarnish its luster. No new armor glis-
tens in the sunshine, but the same panoply that
every peaceful citizen wears is their defense.
They battle in no new cause, nor upon an untried
field, or with no new war-cry. Their cause is the
cause of harmony and peace—their battle-field is
the whole country, and •' the Constitution and the
Union" is their war-cry.
And now, Mr. Chairman, with these three par-
ties in the contest, where should be found the
people ? The venerable Democracy doubtless
will rally to its support many a good and true
man. The Republicans may gather around their
standard quite as many; but battling, as both
these parties are, about a local and*sectional ques-
tion alone, making no other issue, under all the
excitement and bitterness which must arise in
such a fight, and with all the fearful consequences
destined inevitably to grow out of its termination,
whatever may be the result, and whichever may
be the victor, can the masses, the bone and sinew,
the great conservative element of the country, be
forced to take position on either side? That pru-
dence, and wisdom, and patriotism should deter
them, no one can doubt. That every influence
will be exerted, every stimulus applied, and all
means resorted to for the purpose of compelling
every man to enroll himself on one side or the
other in this sectional fight, is already too appa-
rent. The potent cry of " Doughface " in the
North, and " Abolition " in the South, is already
freely used to force men into a position at which
their very nature revolts. And it only remains
to be seen of what kind of stuff the people of this
country is made, to determine whether the effort
now being attempted shall be successful. What-
ever apology or excuse can be offered by men in
the North, who have heretofore resisted the tempt-
ations and allurements to enter into a fight which
may even promise so much for tKeir more power-
ful arm, yet, sir, there is not one of them who
will for a single instant pause in his career, and
consult that silent monitor within him, who will
not Btand appalled at the fearful abyss which he
so rapidly approaches. And yet, sir, like mad-
men, they rush heedlessly on, seizing upon every
one who interposes in their flight, and dragging
him with them to the vortex.
Mr. Chairman, for one, I shall be neither in-
timidated nor dragged into a choice between two
such contending deadly foes. If the time shall
ever come when such a fight shall be inevitable,
I shall not hesitate to take position; but, sir,
no man, no party, no promise of success, no glit-
tering rewards of office or other thing, no combi-
nation of circumstances, can ever induce me to
engage in any enterprise that shall tend to precip-
itate the country into a sectional war, such as is
contemplated now, for the first time in the Gov-
ernment. Nor shall I ever fail to raise my voice,
however feeble it may be, wherever, whenever,
and by whomsoever, such a proposition is made,
against it—against those who originate it—at its
very inception, at every step of its progress, and
until an honest, insulted, and indignant people
shall rise up in their might, and crush the mon-
ster. Let no man say, sir, that the Democratic
party has already arrayed itself as a sectional
party, and that, therefore, there exists a neces-
sity for its counterpart. No excuse can be made,
in my judgment, fotimiuch that has been done by
the Administration; and I am the last to palliate
or come to its defense; but however much it has
done of,wrong, however indefensible it may be,
however rapidly it may be tending to sectional-
ism, or eager to engage in a sectional contest,
nothing has yet occurred to justify the building
up of a party purely sectional in all its elements,
sectional in its inception—sectional in its location,
sectional in all its tendencies, and preeminently
sectional' in all its consequences. There is no
offense which, in all the dark catalogue of crimes
charged against the Democracy, for which they
cannot be held to strict accountability, and be ad-
equately punished by a party in nowise sectional.
There is no grievance for which there is not a
complete redress, and no wrong perpetrated by
them for which there is not an adequate remedy,
without a resort to the creation of that last of all
enormities—a sectional party.
Mr. Chairman, one word more and I am done.
" I shall fight under no banner, and keep step to
no music Wit the Union." This motto, given by
one of the most eloquent men and the purest
statesman of the country, is now-derided and
scoffed at by the party which has for its leader
Colonel FrSmont, I snail adopt as my motto in
this fight, and enlist under tne flag of Millard
Fillmore. His life is the most eloquent eulogy
that could be pronounced upon him; and if any-
thing could be added to render the encomium more
complete, it hatf long since been writtea by those
who now oppose him. His presidential adminis-
tration is the highestguarantee of his future course,
and neither declaration of principle nor promise
of performance should be asked or expected. He
entered upon the discharge of presidential duties
| once without them; and the patriotism and bril-
j liancy of his administration show that none are
t needed now to satisfy anyone who could be satis-
fied with anything that he could say. Under such
a man, standing, as he will, between two such
contending parties, drawing to his support from
each of them—every man who has no heart for
such a battle there, will rally to his support such
an army—so pure in patriotism, so enlarged in
conservative sentiment, so devoted to the Gov-
ernment, in all its length and breadth, as to strike
terror and inspire awe in the bosoms of all who
! oppose it. The sublime spectacle of a party
! built up in the very midst of a revolution, blood-
; less as yet, but terrible and menacing on every
I side, peaceful and conciliatory in every move-
' ment, with no weapons of warfare but the cher-
! ished principles of our fathers and s®^rea
- memories—no defense but the shield of the Con-
| stitution—no promise but an undivided people,
and an unbroken national faith—with the God of
battle to guide our steps, what power on earth
! shall overcome us ? ■
