1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1265
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Rights under the Louisiana Purchase—Mr. Kidwell.
Ho. of Reps.
But, say the revilers of the South, the " Kansas
troubles were caused by the efforts of southern
men to bo frame the laws of Kansas as to allow
10 southern men the same protection for all south-
ern property as is afforded to all the property of
men from tne free States. This, if true, is a
terrible charge. The chief " Kansas outrage,"
in the eyes of ignorant bigots, consists in this
Cat fact, viz: that the majority of the people of
nsas believed—and acted accordingly—that
property of all kinds, from all the States, should
be allowed by law to be brought into Kansas;
and when brought in according to law, to be by
law protected; whereas the Abolitionists and
Free-Soilers hold that property brought from the
South into Kansas should be expelled by law;
and that property brought from the North into
Kansas should alone be protected by law. This
is the honest and religious view of the patriots
and Christians who nave been chiefly instru-
mental in blowing up the flame of discord now
raging in our country. Like their ancestors,
who went into the country owned by the Pequods
and Narragansets, northern Abolitionists and
Free-Soilers believe Kansas belongs to the Lord;
(hat He has given it to his saints; that they
are the "saints;" and hence it is clear that
southern emigrants are " intruders," who are to
be viewed by the saints as " Canaanites," and
" driven out of the promised land," in the name
of religion, justice, and liberty. They profess
to firmly believe that they alone have either the
legal or the moral right to take all of theirprop-
erty into territory owned equally by both tie
North and the South, and there enjoy such prop-
erty without let or hindrance. In fact, they
candidly inform the world that, in religious
phrase, their consciences have been so highly
cultivated, and have become so sensitive and so
tender, that they are morally compelled to ex-
clude the property of southern men, and admit
only their own. "They would make a just and
equitable division of what is equally owned by
both sections, but their "consciences" compel
them to take the whole. Love of freedom, and
the fear of a righteous God, constrains them most
unwillingly to deprive the South of its legal rights.
I propose, at this point, to inquire whether the
Government of the United States has the legal
power to exclude southern property from Kan-
sas, or from any other portion of the territory
acquired from France in 1803, even if it desired
to gratify the wishes and consciences that can
only be satisfied by trespassing upon the equitable
rights of neighbors and associates?
I hold that Congress cannot, hj a unanimous
vote, and with the concurrence or the President,
do either of three things: it cannot deprive the
inhabitants of any part of Kansas, or of any other
remaining portion of the Louisiana purchase, of
their liberty; it cannot deprive them of the free
enjoyment of their property, (including slaves;)
and it cannot prevent tnem from the free enjoy-
ment of the Roman Catholic religion. On the
contrary, it is the constitutional duty of Con-
gress to protect all three, as I will proceed to
demonstrate beyond all honorable controversy.
Even if Congress has constitutional authority to
abolish slavery, and to prohibit the Roman Cath-
olic religion in Territories generally, it yet has
not the legal power to do so in any pert of that
vast territory acquired from France in 1803, and
which is known by the name of Upper and Lower
Louisiana, and which extended from the Gulf of
Mexico to the British possessions, in latitude 49°
north.
Louisiana had been settled by French and Ro-
man Catholics. Their property consisted prin-
cipally in lands and negro slaves. The slaves
were sent to Louisiana under the direct authority
of the King of France; the colonists were re-
quired by legal regulations to pay a fixed price
for the slaves at certain specified dates. (See
Dillon's Historical Notes on Indiana, p. 40.)
In March, 1724, Louis XV., by edict, confirmed
the previous establishment of slavery in Louis-
iana, and promulgated a code for its regulation.
This edict not only declared slaves " property,"
but also provided, for their transfer and inherit-
■ ance, ana went so far as to forbid their being set
free except in a way pointed out. But for its
length, the edict, or statute, would be published
New Series—No. 80.
with this, as conclusive proof that slaves were,
by law, " property" in Louisiana; and as such,
transferable and inheritable. The edict can be
found in Dillon's Historical Notes on Indiana,
p. 46, and is well worth consulting by all who
wish accurate information upon this subject.
The legal right of holding slaves was secured in
all the treaties of cession from France to Spain,
from Spain to France, and from France to the
United States. Under the old French laws, pro-
mulgated more than fifty years before the Decla-
ration of Independence, under the civil law, and
under the common law, the inhabitants of Louis-
iana.own and possess their slaves as " property."
What northern State can show a positive law
giving its inhabitants authority to hold, as "prop-
erty,either that which they call personal or
real property? Generally,they hold their lands,
and their animals, and tlieir agricultural imple-
ments, their tools, their wearing apparel, &c., and
their household goods, by virtue of the common
or unwritten law, and not by the written or statute
law. But the inhabitants of Louisiana hold their
slaves not only by immemorial usage, which is ,
what we call the "common law," but also by j
" written" law, now more than one hundred and I
thirty years old. Slaves were held and treated ;
as " property" in Louisiana, both in fact and in
theory, by the written and by the unwritten law. ;
In transferring a Roman Catholic country to a
Protestant one, the first consul (Napoleon) thought
it his duty to stipulate,in express terms, that the
inhabitants of the ceded territory should be "pro-
tected in the free enjoyment of the religion which
they profess," and he therefore so stipulated.
He did the same thing for their " property," and
for their liberty. Their " liberty1,'related more,
probably, to certain privileges and immunities,
which had gradually come to be considered rights,
or " liberties," than to anything else; for of
both civil and religious liberty (in the American
sense) they probably had not much. But whether
much or little, or of whatever it consisted, their
" liberty" was guarantied protection; and it is not
to be doubted, that the American pledge to pro-
tect their "liberty" has been honorably kept.
Instead of lessening, we have enlarged their politi-
cal and religious liberty. With this exception,
in so far as we have deprived them of, or injured,
their property rights, we have trampled upon
their " liberty,'/ or right to enjoy their property
as fully and freely as they did under Napoleon.
Their property, which Napoleon required the
United States to expressly covenant >that they
would. " maintain and protBct" in the free enjoy-
ment tof, tortsisued mostly in lands and slaves.
"The religion which they profess " was to be
"maintained and protected" by the Government
of the United States against all assailants—the
religion was Roman Catholic.
The following is the whole article, as agreed
upon by France and the'United States, and signed
by Napoleon and Jefferson:
" Art. 3. The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be
incorporated in the Union of the United States, and admitted
as soon as possible, according to the principles of the Fed-
eral Constitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights, advan-
tages, and immunities, of citizens of the United States;
and, in the mean time, they shall be maintained and pro-
tected in the free enjoyment of their liberty, property, and
the religion which they profess."—United States Statute* at
Large, vol. 8, p. 202."
In reading this important article of that cele-
brated treaty, it is to be borne in mind that a
treaty is the " supreme law of the land," and is
as binding on Congress as the Constitution itself.
In reading the article, we perceive that this nation
has solemnly stipulated that " the inhabitants of
the ceded territory shall be incorporated in the
Union of the United States, and admitted as soon
as possible, according to the principles of the
Federal Constitution, to the enjoyment of all the
rights, advantages, and immunities of citizens of
the United States." This is a stipulation " to
be observed, not mended."
This great treaty was made in 1803. At that
time most of the States were slave States, and
| had th^legal right, each for itself, to make pro-
I vision for the abolition of slavery one year, and
i to reestablish it the next, if the people so minded.
That legal right was legally guarantied to the
J ceded country, and the wit of man cannot legally
I deprive any portion of that ceded country of the
rights peremptorily demanded by Napoleon, and
solemnly guarantied to it by Thomas Jefferson,
then President of the United States. It is the
treaty right of each State formed out of that
ceded country to come into the Union with or
without slaves, and with or without anything
else in the form of rights and immunities, as much
so, and as untrammeled, in all respects, as New
York or Massachusetts.
" And, in the mean time," (that is, while they
remain aaa Territory,) " they shall be maintained
and protected" (can stronger language be used
than this?) " in the free enjoyment of their lib-
erty, property, and the religion which they
profess." Napoleon demanded, and Jefferson
agreed, that they " shall be maintained and pro-
tected in the free enjoyment" of their religion
and property.
It is correct to say that,if Congress had power
under the Constitution to prohibit Catholicism fn
all its other Territories, it yet could not exercise
that power in the Louisiana Territory; for the
United States have solemnly covenanted with
France " to maintain and protect" the inhabitants
of this Territory "in the free enjoyment" "of
the religion which they profess." They professed
the Roman Catholic religion; and, therefore, the
right of the people of the ceded country, from the
Gulf of Mexico to the Lake of the Woods, to be
protected in the free enjoyment of their religion,
is perfect and absolute. It cannot be impaired.
No law can destroy this treaty right. If Con-
gress were to pass a law prohibiting the enjoyment
of the Roman Catholic religion in Kansas, or in
Nebraska, or western Minnesota, or in any other
portion of the Louisiana Territory remaining un-
organized into States, such law would be in viola-
tion of the treaty of 1803, and the Supreme Court
would be compelled to declare it null and void.
This subject is too plain for lawyers to differ
about. It is not possible to frame a law prohib-
iting " the free enjoyment" of the Roman Cath-
olic religion in the unorganized part of the old
Louisiana purchase, whether north of the line of
36° 30', or whether south of that line, without vio-
lating the treaty of 1803; and if the law conflicts
with the treaty, the treaty, and not the law, pre-
dominates. Were it otherwise, no nation would
make a treaty with us. If we could capriciously
1 set aside our solemn international engagements
by a mere act of Congress, good faith would be
at an end, and all confidence in the national honor
would perish. To maintain and protect our
national honor, among the nations of the world,
the Constitution takes care to make a treaty a
" supreme law of the land," and thus causes its
provisions (when they conflict) to override and
overrule any and all laws of Congress. The
fanaticism of the present demonstrates the wis-
dom of the statesmen of the past in providing re-
straining clauses. Never were barricades against
folly more needed. As with religion, so with the
property of the inhabitants of the ceded country.
" And, in the mean time, they shall be maintained
and protected in the free enjoyment of their"
"property."
In what way can any man excuse himself for
laboring to deprive the inhabitants of the ceded
country of the " free enjoyment of their prop-
: erty?" Some triflers with treaty rights contend
; that there is room for the slaveholaing portion
south of 36° 30', and that the inhabitants of the
I ceded country can be compelled to remove to it;
but if it is admitted that Congress has power to
; shut the inhabitants of the Louisiana country up
j within limits narrower than those of their whole
j country, it also follows that they may be con*
fined within limits as narrow as those of a " Jews'
: quarter" in a Moorish city; it follows that they
may be crowded into limits no larger than those
of the Black Hole of Calcutta. All the rights of
the inhabitants of the ceded country would, in
such case, be at the mercy of any Congress, how-
ever excited or bigoted; and when passing upon
their treaty rights Congress would have no lim-
its upon its action but its own heated and un 
! trustworthy discretion. Can any one suppose
. for a moment, if that interpretation of the third
article of the treaty was supposed possible, that
M. Talleyrand could have had it imposed upon
, him > Who ever thus overreached him and im-
I posed upon him, for good, guarantees that, in fact,
