1266
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 11,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Rights under the Louisiana Purchase—Mr. Kidwctt.
Ho. of Reps.
■were delusive and worthless? Nordid Mr. Jeffer- |
son ever seek such a power of compelling the in- i
habitants tolive in a particular part of the country.
Their right to lire in any part of the ceded coun-
try whfch pleased them best remained unabridged
and unimpaired. It was a part of their liberty
to remove to such parts of the territory as they
liked best; and that liberty was not taken away
by the treaty. Congress had no legal authority
conferred upon it by the treaty, then, to confine
the inhabitants of the ceded country to a partic-
ular section of it; it could not compel them to
move their property to Dubuque, to Council
Bluffs, to Pembina on the Red river of the North,
to the banks of the Lake of the Woods, to Kan-
sas, to St. Louis,to Little Rock, nor to the shores
of the Gulf of Mexico; Congress could not com-
pel the inhabitants to move north of 360 30', or
to move south of 36° 30*; nor could it compel
them to remain in any one particular spot in the
ceded country. If die inhabitants chose not to
move at all, or if they chose to settle at Pembina
in latitude 49°, or at St. Louis in latitude 39°,
or at the mouth of the Mississippi in latitude 29°,
Congress had no power to interfere and thwart
their wishes. It was clearly their right to remove
from place to place, as often as agreeable, and to
settle in such parts of the ceded country as pleased
them best; and in exercising their right of re-
moval from place to place inside of the ceded
country, their right of " protection" accompany-
ing them; they bad a legal right to demand of
the new Government to which they had been
transferred by Napoleon, to be " maintained and
protected in the free enjoyment of their religion
and their property,"in defiance of the ravings
of Know Nothings, and the fury of Abolitionists, ( j
And however vigilant the bearers of the dark j
lantern, and however wicked the conductors of
the under-ground railroad, can any sensible man
believe that Congress has the power, while the
treaty continues in force, to prohibit the free en-
joyment of the Roman Catholic religion, or of
slave property ? In order to abolish slavery, or
to prohibit the exercise of the Roman Catholic
religion, are the Abolitionists, Free-Soilers, and
Know Nothings ready to abrogate the treaty, and
return Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri, Iowa, all
western Minnesota, Nebraska, Kansas, Oregon,
and Washington, to France, she repaying the
#15,000 ,000? If they cannot keep the treaty, if |
they cannot honestly fulfill its stipulations, it
certainly were better to honestly abrogate it, and \
each nation take, the one its country, and the j
other its money. If Congress can, under the |
treaty, prohibit slavery and religion in a part,
it can in the whole of the ceded territory. If
Congress can prohibit the " free enjoyment" of
one kind of property, it can prohibit the free
enjoyment of all kinds of property in the Terri-
tory where it has expressly agreed to " maintain
and protect" property of all lunds, without limit-
ation or restriction. Slave property existed in
Louisiana (as in every nation) in accordance with
law older than our Government. That property,
as I have said, Congress had no power to banish,
or to destroy; on the contrary,as I have shown,
it agreed to maintain and protect it so long"as the
ceded country remained unorganized into States.
This view is sustained even by Judge McLean,
the gentleman who was evidently the second
choice of the Black Republicans for President.
In a communication republished in the National
Intelligencer of May 15, 1856, (first published
December 29,1847,) Judge McLean holds this
very explicit language:
"In the Territories of Louisiana and Florida, Coagress
recognized, and to a limited extent regulated, slavery. But,
as before remarked, slavery existed in those Territories at
the time they were ceded to the United States, and in the
treaty of ce^fion of Louisiana the United States bound them-
•elves to protect the property of the citizens. Slaves in
that Territory were considered as property, and were within
the treaty." |
" Slaves were considered property" in that Ter-
ritory; and, " in the treaty of cession of Louis-
iana the United States bound themselves to pro-
tect the property of the citizens." So said Judge
McLean in 1847, before the Kansas question had
come up for discussion. Hence the United
States could not destroy, abolish, or eren endan-
ger any kind of property in Louisiana, but are
" bound" to protect it!
| Why, then, was the State of Missouri refused
admission into the Union, for a long time, unless
she would, as a condition, first agree to set her
slaves free—unless she would throw away many
millions of dollars' worth of" property" which,
as Judge McLean says, was solemnly guarantied
by treaty only sixteen years before ? Because
fanaticism is stronger than reason, and can always
safely defy it, and defeat it, and trample it under
its feet! Its representatives listened to catch its
faintest whispered biddings, but were unable to
hear the trumpet tones of reason and honor and
law!
Judge McLean, after stating that " property"
was, by the treaty, to be "protected" by the
United States; anu that " slaves were property
in Louisiana;" and that slave property was,
therefore, to be " maintained and protected,"
adds (very naturally) this forcible remark:
" And it is singular that this fact in the Missouri contro-
versy was not, I believe, relied upon by the South. It was
the strongest position that could have been taken on that
side of tlie question."
Of course, " it was the strongest position that
could have been taken;" the United States having
expressly agreed, by solemn treaty covenants,
to both " maintain and protect" the inhabitants
of Louisiana in the free enjoyment of their prop-
erty, and to allow States formed out of the ceded
country to be admitted into the Union with "all the
rights, advantages, and immunities" of the other
States; among which " rights" was the one to
have slaves or not as they pleased, without ask-
ing the consent of neighboring States. In the
treaty of cession of Louisiana, the United States
bound themselves to protect the property of the
citizens; "and slaves in that Territory were con-
sidered as property, and were within the treaty,"
says Judge McLean; and he expresses surprise
that this plain and clear legal right was not, to
use his language, " relied upon by the South."
This should excite no surprise. When did an
agreement, a right, or a duty, arrest the march
or stay the aggressions of fanaticism ? When
has sound reason or true religion (without the
aid of miracles) succeeded in preventing a fanatic
from putting a knife to the throat of his fellow?
There never has been a time, and, until the near
advent of the millennium, there never will be a
time when large masses of mct\ have not been,
and will not continue to be, found ready to em-
brace the seeming for the real, and the apparent
forthe true. The Beechers of the past, present, and
future ages will, as they ever have, receive truth
with a reservation, and with an explanation.
To abolish an institution which our Constitution,
our treaties, and our laws, have recognized as right,
but which Abolitionists and Free-Soilers declare is
wrong, the fanatics of 1819 and 1820 disregarded
the United States Constitution, the treaties of the
United States, the rights of States and of Territo-
ries, and trampled under foot all just ideas of even
the most ordinary good policy! All reason was
drowned by their vociferation and clamor. The
good were frightened; the disorganizing, the
vicious and the fanatical were emboldened and
rejoiced. The aged Jefferson was aroused, as
though " by a fire-bell in the night." As Monte-
zuma, when making his last great stand against
the invaders of his country, brought out the great
banner of the Empire, so aid the patriots of 1819,
passing over treaties and laws, bring out the Con-
stitution of the United States, and made battle in
defense of its glorious principles ! But in vain.
The speckled hosts of fanaticism and folly, led
on by ambition, passed over the land like a flood,
disregarding religion, constitutions, treaties, and
laws. All alike were borne away. And when,
by the wisdom of a courageous few, the flood
j was at last so directed as to save a small portion
of the land from inundation, an outburst of thank-
fulness and gratitude overspread the country, that
all was not yet ruined. The patriotic South Caro-
linian who so greatly distinguished himself on
that occasion, in the excitement of the moment
wrote thus: m
Coxoresi Hall, March 2,1830,
Three o'clock at night..
Dear Sir : I hasten to inform you that this moment we
have carried the question to admit Missouri, and all Louis-
iana to the southward of 36° 30', free of the restriction of
slavery, and give the South, in a short time, an addition of
*ix, perhaps eight, members to the Senate of the United
States. It is considered hare, by the slaveholding States,
as n great triumph.  *• **'
With respect, your obedient servant,
CHARLES PINCKNEY.
Though the honor of the country was'' bound "
to " maintain and protect" southern property
throughout the Louisiana purchase, yet so much
stronger was fanaticism than national justice,
the South, like men persecuted by despots for
their religious opinions, were glad to find rest
and quiet and safety in an allotted province; and
they rejoiced that anything was saved from the
rapacity of the oppressor who had violated their
rights. They breathed freer and deeper, inas-
much as all was not lost.
Nor was the danger of the entire destruction
of the Government unreal. The men who ruth-
lessly trampled under foot the treaty stipulations
of 1803 were capable of any constitutional out-
rage. They feared not God, nor regarded man.
They, as do the Black Republicans, placed the
value of the experiment of putting the negro upon
a level with the white man, above the example of
the Hebrews as authorized by Jehovah, above
the requirements of treaties, above the rights of
the States, and above the sanctity of the Consti-
tution of their country. With such, property,
reason, religion, and God, are subordinate to
their individual idea of what is best for the chil-
dren of Ham.
Were a law passed by the present CofigFess
prohibiting the Roman Catholic religion in the
Louisiana purchase north of 36° 30', and even
were the Catholics themselves to vote for it, in
order to prevent their expulsion from Missouri,
as well as from the rest of the Louisiana terri-
tory, who, at the next session, or thirty sessions
hence, that has any regard for the treaty of 1803,
which stipulated "to maintain and protect" the
Roman Catholic religion, would fail to vote for a
repeal of the unjust and illegal prohibition ?
What honest man would fail to vote the repeal
of a law which violated a solemn treaty stipula-
tion?
And so with "property." It has always been
a puzzle to me how intelligent men have been
able to satisfy their " consciences" that it was
moral and right to seek to expel from the ceded
country "property" which the United States
have agreed to " maintain and protect" therein.
To expel the " property" they must violate a
treaty obligation; how can a good conscience do
this? It is a puzzle.
At this point I come, very properly, to consider
the charge against the South of repudiating a
"sacred compromise" of its own procurement,
and to which it was a party.. I refer to the Mis-
souri compromise.
By the Missouri compromise act of 1820, slave
property was excluded from all that part of the
Louisiana purchase which lay above the line of
36° 30' north latitude. The act of exclusion was
in direct violation of the third article of the treaty
of 1803, and therefore was null and void ab initio.
The inhabitant of Upper Louisiana was not
" maintained and protected" by this statute " in
the free enjoyment of his property," but was
assailed and injured by it; for by resorting to the
Missouri compromise act, his slave could sue for
his freedom, and, before the case could be carried
. through all the courts, and a decision had from
the Supreme Court annulling the statute, the costs
of suit would amount to more than the value
of the slave ! The act, therefore, though uncon-
stitutional, practically answered the end of the
Abolitionists and Free-Soilers. But it was an
outrage upon the inhabitants of the ceded country.
Who can say that the outrage committed by
the passage of the act of exclusion, no matter by
whom the act was passed, or by whom praised,
ought not to have been promptly redressed by
Congress? Which act was the wisest, the one
violating a treaty-stipulation by excluding prop-
erty which Congress had agreed to "maintain
ana protect" against all trespassers, or the one
restoring to the inhabitants of the Louisiana pur-
chase the rights of which they had been wrong-
fully dispossessed? ,
The passage of what is called the Missouri
compromise act" was a gross trespass upon the
legal rights of the southern States. The repeal
1 of that statute was but a simple act of manifest
, justice to the South, and was called for by every
