1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1267
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Rights under the Louisiana Purchase—Mr. Kidwell.
Ho. of Reps.
principle of manliness and honor. It is a ques-
tion of honesty, and no northern opponent of
ours has met it, or can meet it, but by declama-
tion and by an appeal to sectional prejudices.
Southern aggression consists in a demand that
the stipulations of the Constitution, and of trea-
ties, shall be honorably executed, without equiv- i
ocation or abatement. Has the South asked
more? Ought the South to ask less? "Ay, but
you require us to apprehend the panting fugitive,
and send him back to perpetual slavery," say the
Abolitionists and the Free-Soilers, " and that our
consciences will not allow us to do."
Conscience may be under the dominion of error
as well as of truth. Conscience allows some men
to steal and murder; it will allow one man to steal
a slave to giva him freedom; another to steal
spirits that he may destroy them; and yet another
to put a man to death that he may not again be
able to commit monstrous outrages. Still, all
sane men must admit that stealing and murder
are heinous crimes, whether committed by the
fanatic or the robber; and it is the unmistakable
duty of honest men, and of honest Governments,
to prevent their commission by either the one or
the other. And it is as unjust to community to
allow a fanatical slave-thief to go at liberty, as it
is to liberate an unfanatical stealer of any other
kind of property.
Stealing is forbidden by the laws of God and
of man; and, unless both codes are wrong, no
honest man can steal, approve of stealing, conceal
stealing, nor shrink from condemning the prac-
tice. Honest men must go further. They must
favor honest and prompt restitution of all kinds
of stolen property, without discrimination or
reservation. These are " hard sayings" only to
those'' busy-bodies-in-other-men's-matters"who
"go about stirring' up strife and contention"—
who, whilst claiming piety and patriotism, are
fomenting passioift and creating prejudices which
lead to bloodshed and civil convulsions. They
are hard sayings to those pests of society, who,
to gain a worthless neighborhood notoriety, en-
danger the Union by mad efforts to secure a doubt-
ful chance, amid the chaos of revolution, for the
release of negro slaves upon southern plantations.
It has been said, by men whose "consciences"
allowed them to teach others more ignorant than
themselves, that stealing, under certain circum-
stances, was not a crime, but a virtuous action,
that the public mind has been sufficiently per-
verted to allow ambitious politicians to success-
fully assail treaty stipulations, and stimulated
them to struggle to exclude the South from a
common occupancy of a cotrftaon possession.
Governor Ssward, of New York, has labored to
still more confuse their already gross ideas of
right and wrong in regard to the property of the
South. He wishes them to teach and believe,
that although slaves have been held and treated
as " property" ever since the days of Abraham,
by every nation on earth of whose history we
have any accounts, yet slaves are not, and cannot
be, legally " property." In his speech at Buffalo,
last fall, Governor Seward says:
" Congress can establish slavery nowhere. Slavery was
never established rightfully anywhere. Nor was it ever
established by law."
Governor Seward is wholly mistaken. He
has affirmed what cannot be proved. The very
contrary I have already proved. Not only was
slavery "established by law" in Louisiana, but
it was also established by law in all the French
colonies. See edict of Louis XIII., dated April
23, 1615. His assertion, therefore, is untrue.
I have assumed that Governor Seward meant
statute, or written law. If he meant either the
common, or the civil, or the Mosaic law, his
statement is absurd. Every intelligent man, in
every nation, knows that slaves have been held
for centuries by law — either by the military,
statute, common, civil, or by the Mosaic, or by
ecclesiastical law. Slaves have been bought,
sold, and inherited, from the earliest antiquity,
and have been, and now are, as much regarded
by the laws as "property" as any other kind
whatever.
" Congress can establish slavery nowhere,"
says Governor Seward. " Nor can it establish
any other kind of property,"he might have added
just as truly. Congress cannot'' establish prop-
erty; or, in other words, it cannot recognize and
declare by law what is property; but after a State
has done so, it is the duty of the Congress to pass
laws to prevent its spoliation by foreign enemies,
or by the hand of domestic violence.
The statement of Governor Seward is met by
saying, that Congress can "establish" property,
or slavery, in cattle, horses, or sheep, " no-
where"—nor was it ever established by law over
these animals " anywhere." Governor Seward
can show no congressional statute giving him
dominion even over the horse he rides. He owns, '
and holds possession of him, and exacts his' ser- 1
vices, by virtue of the unwritten common law;
and that common law has no other force, in such j
a case, than such as is given to it by the statute
laws of the State where he holds his horse in ■
bondage. Congress cannot " establish" and reg-
ulate property rights even in the coat Governor j
Seward wears upon his back. A State can, and j
does, declare ana define the rights of men to all j
kinds of property in their possession. What is
property, is declared by the States where it is
owned; and the protection of it against foreign !
violence, or domestic insurrection, is the sole
duty in relation to it which has been confided to
the United States by the Constitution.
The object of Governor Seward, in trying to
make overheated fanatics believe that slavery
was never "established by law," it is difficult to
conjecture, unless we suppose he wished to aug-
ment the number of those whose "consciences"
alldwr them to steal slaves. If he can make men
believe that slaves are not " property," fanatics
can easily cause many of them to take the next
step—of aiding slaves to escape from a supposed
unlawful detention. This supposition may do
Governor Seward injustice; but I think not. It
is an extraordinary doctrine, founded on a sup-
position which he, as an old lawyer, must have
known is false; and he must have had an extraor-
dinary end in view to induce him to utter it.
When such men condescend to state as facts and
law what is neither the one nor the other, and
when masses of people unresistingly allow them-
selves to be hurled offensively against important
southern rights and large pecuniary interests, it
is not wonderful that serious offense should be
given to our people, especially when at every
advancing step our assailants, tauntingly to us,
and incitingly to their miserable, fanatic followers,
cry out " southern aggressions!" southern ag-
gressions!" " southern aggressions-!" as though
on some occasion we had tried to interfere with,
and change, northern institutions, as they, on all
occasions, have impudently labored to subvert
southern institutions. «
It is claimed by the South that Congress has
no power to legislate upon the subject of slavery
anywhere, except to protect it. This is urged
as another objection by the North. But it is
strictly and legally true, notwithstanding the
handle which Abolitionists and Free-Spilers try
to make of the assertion. Let me state the prop-
osition differently. (Every proposition should
be stated correctly.) " Congress has no power to
legislate upon the subject of property, tuiywhere,
except to protect it." All laws relating to the
sale, purchase, and inheritance of property are
passed only by States and Territories. The sol6
duty of Congress, in relation thereto, is to pass
laws to protect every species of property owned
by its citizens against domestic insurrection and
foreign violence.
If the people allow a State Legislature, or a
national Congress, to assume and exercise a po wer
to annihilate property, to please Abolitionists,
Free-Soilers, Anti-Renters, or any other body of
fanatics, that revolution in our theory of consti-
tutional law will render the tenure of property
unsafe, and will be quickly followed by socialism
and free property. Three generations would not
pass away before all property would be assumed
to belong to the State, and "the State" would
mean the most noisy and the most lazy; and gen-
eral profligacy and utter disorder would follow.
In otner words, every motive which religion, pe-
cuniary interest, and regulated liberty can sug-
gest, in order to their self-preservation, unite in
exhorting the American people to resist all legis-
lative attempts to exercise a power to take any
kind of property from its owner, except where
it is required for "public use," and after a just
compensation has been paid therefor. Let all
who are laboring to earn and to save a few dol-
lars for their descendants beware. Let them
recollect that, as soon as the negro question is
settled, the anti-rent-r-the anti-landlord—question
will come. " Every man must vote himself a
farm" will be the rallying cry; and the platform of
the Parisians, that " Government must provide
the laborer with work, and shops, and bread,"
will be the platform here. Then the idle and the
dissolute will rule. To escape the plunderings and
' the disorders of the times, the delivering arm of
| a Bonaparte and his legions would be required.
| As much has been said touching the interpre-
tation of the Kansas-Nebraska act—some charg-
i ing the South with asserting aggressive and
unreasonable pretensions, and others that the act
i is deceptive, in that it allows men at the North
to claim that it is the best possible to insure the
; triumph of northern institutions, and allows men
! at the South to claim that it is the best possible
I for theirs—I propose to examine it here. The
; people of Kansas and Nebraska are allowed, by
j the organic act, to pass such laws as they please,
j subject only to the Constitution of the United
! States. If a majority of the people of either of
! the Territories namea are opposed to establishing
! slavery, and they pass an act prohibiting the
introduction of additional slaves, many southern ,
statesmen believe such an act would be unconsti-
tutional, while many northern statesmen think it
would not be. Which is right, and whicA wrong,
the Supreme Court, under the Kansas-Nebraska
act, would decide. This law does not take sides
with North or South, but leaves the question open,
for the decision of the court to which it rightly
belongs. If the Constitution has given the right
to the South—if the treaty with France has given
the right to the South, it ought to have it, and
the court will give it. If it has no such right, the
court will not give it. So, also, if a majority of
the people prefer slave institutions, they ought to
be allowed to have them. The majority ought
to govern in all cases not prohibited by the Con-
stitution, or by treaty. If the Constitution, or a
treaty, has given the South the right to hold
slaves in Kansas or Nebraska, the bill allows
slaveholders to reside there: if a majority of the
people desire slavery, then, again, the Kansas-
Nebraska bill allows it. On the other hand, if
the South has no constitutional and no treaty
right to hold slaves in either of those Territories,
then, in that case, should a majority decide for a
free State in Kansas, additional slaves could not
be carried there. Such is a true exposition of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill.
It is thus seen, that the real rights of the North
and of the South have been respected and secured
—neither section has been cheated The Kansas-
Nebraska law is the best possible for each, be-
cause it is just and fair to both. If the South
has constitutional or treaty rights, or if it gets a
majority of the people, slavery will be established:
if the South has no such rights, and does not ob-
tain such majority, then Kansas will be a free
State. That is the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
Sir, for myself, I avow the belief tjiat the Su-
preme Court can but decide that the people of
each State have a legal right to remove into any
Territory of the United States, and take with them
their movable property of all kinds, and that
there is no legal authority in existence to rightly
prevent them.
Mr. Chairman, those persons who would teach
the equality of races and of conditions—who
would force men to do without what these world
"reformers" may chance to think hurtful or sin-
ful—who would serve God by acts of violence,
and benefit men by dissolving all of the obliga-
tions which preserve just subordination and main-
tain wholesome law and good order—.would, if
intrusted with authority, shipwreck both the
Church and the State .
Revolutionists cannot succeed in overturning
t he rights of property, and produce general dis-
order, under the shelter of the Bible. A rejection
of its Author, and its teachings, is a necessity
inseparable from riot, insubordination, and a lev-
eling of all ranks and condiUons. In the confu-
sion old Chaos would return. As a long step in
that direction, the Beechers of the pulpit have
