1856.]
APPENDIX -TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1273
34th Cong.... I st Sess.
Politics o f the Country—Mr. Harris, of Illinois.
Ho. of Reps.
But the very next year, when Missouri came, j
with constitution in hand, and asked to be ad-
mit'ed upon the terms of the treaty, the same
men who made it broke their faith, violated
their pledge of honor, and renewed the war.
Then it was that Mr. Clay proposed his com-
promise of 1821, which has been confounded
with the act of 1820; and under Mr. Clay's
compromise, which had no reference to slavery,
Missouri was admitted into the Union. Thus
was this treaty violated the year after its ratifi-
cation. It was violated, when Arkansas applied
for admission into the Union; it was broken in
unon by the annexation of the northern part of
Missouri to that Sta^g;.and finally disregarded,
overturned, and superseded by the legislation
of 1850. Now look upon the agitation of this
country for the last twenty-five years prior to the
result. Then began the arming of emigrants— j |
the organization of secret and sworn lodges—all m
under the general management of Robinson, who, ;
it is stated in the Tribune of November 30,1854,
" was a Garrison Abolitionist." Now, I put it
to any candid man to say, if with these move- j
ments, so begun and so heralded, the people of j;
Missouri would not, nay, ought not, to have ij
j become deeply interested, if not excited, in the i
I movements of these crusaders? They commenced j
| a counter emigrant movement, and being near
I the spot, they sent in the largest number, and the
Elans were not " half executed." Then the cry
egan of outrages, border ruffians, arsons, rob- ;
, beries,murders—all charged upon the pro-slavery
men, or the Missourians, while their own people ;
were perfectly honest, pious, and harmless. No j
unprejudiced mind believes these statements; and
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, two years whatever has subsequently occurred, or whoever ;
ago, and say that there has been none upon the
subject of slavery if you can. You have had
mobs and riots, and twenty-first rules, and Wil-
mot provisoes, and a constant succession of up-
roars upon slavery. It is true, that in the terri-
tory covered by the restriction of 1820, and west
may be to blame, the beginning and cause of it
all is clearly traceable to the emigrant aid socie-
ties of Massachusetts and New York, and to the
Abolition organs who were acting with them, to
promote disorder and outrage, and then turn it to
political effect. This was the origin of all the
of Missouri, you have had no difficulty, because trouble in Kansas; and it has no just or legitimate
no legislation has been had concerning ifr; but it, connection with any particular feature of the
is equally true, that in relation to territory about j
which legislation has been had, since then, in j
Arkansas, Texas, New Mexico, Utah, Califor-
nia, and even Oregon to some extent, you have ,
had controversy and excitement.. I say, then,
that it is not true that the Missouri restriction
brought peace and quiet to the country.
The other assertion of my colleague, that an
Illinois Senator introduced the measure for its
repeal, and that the legitimate consequence of that;
act has been dissension and strife, is equally un-
founded. Can my colleague give one reason or |
one fact to sustain that assertion ? Have any
troubles arisen in Nebraska under the same law
Kansas-Nebraska bill.
But my colleague makes a charge. He says:
" I charge that the Missouri compromise was
repealed by false pretenses; that it was passed
for the purpose of carrying slavery into these
Territories; and that the Democratic party has
changed front since its passage." To each one
of these charges I respond, and meet with a flat
denial.
It is not true in fact, that the Nebraska bill was
passed by false pretenses. My colleague has
made the assertion, but he has adduced no fact to
sustain it. There were no pretenses made, nor
was there occasion for any. It became necessary
as exists for Kansas ? And why has it not re- i to organize the Territory embraced by Kansas ;
suited in as great harmony in Kansas as in Ne- ; I and Nebraska, and a bill was introduced into the
braska? It is because the Abolitionists, seeing Senate on the 4th of January, 1850, from the
all hope of further agitation gone, by the passage ] Committee on Territories, for that purpose, fol-
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, if it should be left lowing the precise language of the territorial bills
to work"out its fair results, determined to get up
a war upon the borders of Missouri—enlist the
sympathies of the North in war, and thus pro-
long their political lives by feeding upon the peace
and quiet of the- country.
The ink was not dry upon the signature of the
of 1850. On the 16th of January, Mr.,Dixon, a
Senator from Kentucky, gave notice of his inten-
tion to offer an amendment to the bill providing
that the restriction of 1820 should not apply to
the Territory described in the bill. On the 17th,
Mr. Sumner gme notice that he would offer an
± lie 1111\ waa ii\'i, uijf ujwu <" -' .  •  —' d  . . . . n
bill before the slavery agitationists commenced amendment to continue , the restriction upon tne
' J ■■  1 Territory; and on the 19th, without one thing
plotting to prevent a quiet and peaceable settle-
ment of Kansas. Combinations of capital were ■
formed, under the auspices of the Abolitionists, j
to carry bodies of settlers of their own stripe into j
that Territory. They passed on through the |
State of Missouri, and there made their threats j
and boasts that they intended, after shaping ,
affairs in the Territory, to run off the slaves in |
that State. The people of Missouri, living upon j
the immediate border of Kansas, attracted to its .
soil from their avocations, also pressed into the ;
Territory. Still no difficulties occurred; and ,
even the correspondents of their papers lauded j
the kindness of the Missourians. [See Evening (
Post, July 15, 1854.1 This would not do; strife
being incorporated in the bill relating to slavery, !
except the language contained in the Utah and
New Mexico bills, the abolition confederates of ;
Congress, headed by Chase, Sumner, Giddings,
Wade, Gerrit Smith, and De Witt, issued their :
manifesto, declaring that the bill proposed to
" cancel the Missouri compact—to violate a sacred
pledge—to betray precious rights—that it was part
and parcel of an atrocious plot to convert a vast
Territory into a dreary region of despotism in-
habited by masters and slaves." This circular ;
declared, as my colleague now does, that it was .
to be pefssed under false pretenses. These decla- j
rations, made, at a time when not one word was j
is the subsistence ot tnis Kinu oi m„«, «... ; in the bill aBbut the Missouri compromise, were
strife must be engendered. A change of tactics , so many shameless falsehoods, known to be such
  Tu^WomrVnrirTrihiinp. the by their authors tlrhen made. It was not then
proposed to allude to the Missouri compromise,
and yet these " false pretenses," according to this
circular, were even tlien set up by the friends of
the bill. Did a bill, following exactly the prece-
dents of the compromise of 1850, become a bill of
" false pretenses ?" If not, how can my colleague
say that the Missouri compromise was repealed
under " false pretenses ?"
Mr. NORTON. Does my colleague wish an
answer?
Post, and Times, and all the leading papers of that j
sort, began to threaten and, boast what their free- j
State organization would do with the Missourians ;
and the pro-slavery men. On the 1st of August, |
1854, the Post declared that " slavery will be ;
overlaid and smothered by freedom, if ^the plan* ;
already formed be half executed. !
Now, let it be borne in mind that no outbreak j
had occurred; everything was going o-rf smoothly; !
the Territory was filling up, and all were trilling j
to leave future legislation to a fair expression of
the popular will. But here came the announce- !
ment of plans and plots " already formed, which, 1
if but " half executed," were to overlay and
Mr. HARRIS. If my colleague desires to an-
swer, I will give him an opportunity.
Mr. NORTON. I never interrupt any gentle-
man unless specially appealed to. Now, sir, 1■ say
smother out sl^rery* not by a toexpression of [J That I have never sent out any circulars such as
the people, but " by plans already formed." On I: those to which my colleague refers. Ihadnothin?
connection
entleman
the 3d of August, the same print had an article j to do in getting them up. I had no cc
headed " When and where the first blood will be i with them whatever. But I will tell the „
shed >" 'showing that there was a determination ' what was the history of the facts connccted with
then to have blfodshed in Kansas, and making a i the repeal of Senate for the
prediction with the sole view to accomplish that i bill that was introduced m the Senate tor
organization of Nebraska did not repeal the com-
promise. It left the Territory, during its terri-
torial existence, under the operation of the restric-
tion of 1820. It was accompanied by an elaborate
report by Judge Douglas, in which he states
that he has expressly avoided any attempt to
chaftge that restriction for the purpose of prevent-
ing an excitement like that of 1850. Afterwards
the bill was thrown aside, and the bill introduced
by the Senator from Kentucky, Mr. Dixon, sub-
stituted for it, which did repeal that measure.
But, so far as that circular was concerned, I repeat
that I had nothing to do with it. I did not belong
to the party that issued it. I was a Whig.
Mr. HARRIS. My time will permit me to
yield to my colleague no further. Instead of re-
plying to the question put to him, he fizzes off
into the most excited rant and declamation. He
says he had no connection with the meri'who
issued that circular. He wishes to repudiate the
action of that party—to ignore the declaration
which they made. Knowing the position into
which it would bring him, ha endeavors to im-
press us with the belief that he stood afar off and
aloof from the leaders of his party. He announces
a declaration that Mr. Douglas did not wish to
repeal the Missouri compromise of 1820. Will
he give the reason why it is so? He did not wish
to repeal it, because the bill, by^the terms in
which it was introduced, effected the same pur-
pose. He was disposed to let the bill follow the
precedents of the Utah and New Mexico bills,
which allowed the people of those Territories to
legislate on all rightful subjects of legislation con-
sistent with the Constitution of the United States.
The Kansas and Nebraska bill as first introduced
did no more and no less—it did, in the shape in
which it passed, no more and no less. The
amendment subsequently introduced did not
change its character; and such was the under-
standing of every man who voted for it. It was
perhaps to avoid ambiguity, and leave nothing to
construction, that it was thought proper to ex-
press in terms what without them would have
been the legal effect. The question which I put
to my colleague was, how the bill was passed
under "false pretenses?" and that question he
has not found it convenient to answer.
; The gentleman says the repeal of the Missouri
compromise was the cause of the present diffi-
culty. How does he show it? Has not the party
to which he is attached been agitating the public
mind on the same question of slavery for the last
twenty years? Has not the country, by their
machinations, been again and again driven to the
same extremity in which it now is? Was not
| this so before there was a repeal of the Missouri
compromise? No, sir; that repeal, as he calls it,
: was hot the cause of the difficulty. The cause
1 is, that there is a party seeking for political power,
; and determined to have it at any hazard. Mr.
| Jefferson said that those who seized on the Mis-
! souri question did it as a mere pretext for polit-
ical power. So it is with those who seize on the
question of its repeal. It is all " false pretense"
j on the part of those with whom my colleague
acts. Not so with the Democratic party and the
j friends of the Nebraska-Kansas bill. Their rea-
! sons are upon the record. They are clear, arid
| easily understood. There are no "false pre-
I tenses" about them.
! My colleague said the bill was passed to estab-
i lish slavery; he can find nothing to support that
| declaration. It was passed neither to establish
i nor exclude slavery, but to carry out a just
, principle; and when the gentleman says that the
; Democratic party and the party of the Kansas-
j Nebraska bill, North or South—for I think I can
j speak for the party in the South as well as that
of the North—passed the bill for the extension of
slavery, he speaks what is not true. He can find
no man from the North or South who will sus-
tain him in the assertion. [" Not one^not one,
from voices all around the Hall.] Therefore,
when he says that I, or anybody else, or any
' party, advocated the bill on the ground that it
would " extend slavery," the declaration ought
to stick in his throat. But, to go back for a
moment: my colleague says, Judge Douglas, in
his report, expressed his objections to repealing
! in terms the Missouri restriction, because it might*
i produce excitemcnt. If my colleague has read
