1276
appendix to the congressional globe.
[August 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess. A Review of the President's Message—Mr. Billinghurst.
Ho. op Reps.
origin akin to that of the Constitution." He
assprted no such thing himself, atld no report of
that speech, which I have seen, represents him
as having so stated as his own opinion. Again:
he said, " all the evidences of public opinion at Tj
that day, seemed to indicate that this compromise |l
had become canonized in the hearts of the Amer- 1
ican people as a sacred thing, which no ruthless
hand would ever be reckless enough to disturb."
He was speaking of the " evidences of public
opinion at that day." He made no such declar-
ation as expressive of his own sentiments, and |j
no man can show it from that speech, or any '
other he ever uttered. And he was then reason- ,
ing with the people, because they had changed !
these "evidences of public opinion"—because1,
the Legislature of his State had indicated that j
it was not" canonized in the hearts of the Amer- ;
ican people, and because their ruthless hands had
been reckless enough to disturb it." He made no
such declarations for himself. He was quoting
the arguments of others, and showing the dan-
gerous tendency of their acts. And yet this
speech of his has been garbled, and perverted,
and misstated and falsified—like everything else
that he has said, for the purpose of creating pre-
judice against him and the principle he has sup- j
ported. But the attempt has failed. You might ;
as well expect a squad of pismires to gnaw down
a mighty oak, as men like his assailants and fal- .
sifters to overturn the character, principles, and
position of the Senator from Illinois. I;
Now, sir, my colleague has made some gene-
ral declarations as to the views of the Democracy j j
of Illinois, and has cited resolutions passed by a i
meeting held in his own town.
Mr. NORTON. The convention of my con-
gressional district.
Mr. HARRIS. Very well; I do not care what
it was. -It was a convention that occurred there
six years ago, and under the auspices of that
renegade and demagogue and scoundrel, John
Wentworth—rotten himself, and corrupting every
one who goes about him. Sir, the Democratic
party of a State or the country is not to be judged , j
by the resolutions of a precinct, town, or county ji
convention. The State conventions of the Illinois ',
Democracy, or of the national Democracy, have
never adopted a resolution which they would ;
wish to recall, or which conflicts with tneir pres-
ent position—nothing of which any patriot in
the Union, South or North, could complain.
Their principles are grounded upon the Consti-
tution, and are as unshaken as the rock Of eternal
truth. Their opponents may dash themselves
against these immutable principled, but it will
result only in their own destruction. They are
like the sea-birds, as Holmes describes them,
(fashing themselves against the stony sides (jf a
light-house:
" The little sea-birds, blinded by the storms,
On some tall light-house dash their little forma;
And the rude granite scatters, for their pains,
The small deposits that were meant for brains i
Yet the proud fabric, in the morning son,
Stands all unconscious of the mischief done. j.
Still the red beacon pours its evening rays , t
For the lost traveler with as bright a blaze;
Nay, shines all radiance o'er the scattered fleet ; I
Of gulls and boobies brainless at its feet." i
But, sir, my colleague has formally announced
to the country that lie is for FrSmont for the !
Presidency. He has given us no reasons for 1
casting the immense weight of his name and in- i
fluence and oratory in favor of the great " court-
martialed" and the little cashiered." But the
world will doubtless hear them in due time. It
is a fortunate thing that all men can vote for
whom they please. But let me tell my colleague
that his candidate will be rejected by the people
a thousand times more indignantly than my col- '■
league was by his own party a few weeks ago.
And let me say to him, that if Mr. Fillmore re-
mains in the field, Mr. Buchanan will beat his
Mariposa rrfarquis fifty thousand votes in Illinois.
Mr. NORTON. Your hand upon that.
Mr. HARRIS. l^Iy colleague can have my
hand upon that, and he can have money, too, if
he wants it. [Laughter.^ Why, sir, my col-
league seems to know nothing of Illinois, outside
of his own congressional district, where nis own
party have beaten him for renomination, with the
foulest Abolitionists in the State. But I can tell
figures of that growing giant of discord which
threatens the destruction of our Union.
Here, sir, let us pause and listen. A warning
voice comes to us from the sacred shades of
Mount Vernon, where lie entombed the holy
ashes of Washington:
" The unity of this Government which constitutes you
1 one people is also dear to you. It is justly so ; for it is a
main pillar in the edifice of real independence, the support
of your tranquillity at home, your peace abroad, oS your
safety, of your prosperity, of that very liberty which you so
highly prize." ********
" But these considerations, however powerfully they ad-
dress themselves to your sensibilty, are greaUy outweished
I by those which apply more immediately to your interest;
: here every portion of our country finds the most commend-
1 ing motives for carefully guarding and preserving the uniou
1 of the whole." ***♦ •**
'• In contemplating the causes which may disturb our
j Union it occurs as a matter of Berious concern, that any
I ground should have been furnished for characterizing
j parties by geographical discriminations—Northern and
[ Southern, Atlantic and Western—whence designing men
I may endeavor to excite a belief that there is a real differ-
ence of local interests and views. One of the expedients of
1 party to acquire influence within particular districts is to
misrepresent the opinions and aims of the other dis-
tricts. You cannot shield yourselves too much against
the jealousies and heartburnings which spring from these
misrepresentations ; they tend to render alien to each
other those who ought to be bound together by
fraternal affection."
God grant that we may heed these solemn warn-
ings, and thus preserve oar Union and independ-
ence forever.
my colleague, that there are parts even in north-
ern Illinois where Mr. Fillmore, if he remains in
the field, will receive more votes than his candi-
date; and in central and southern Illinois, the
masses utterly repudiate his Philadelphia hybrid
nominee. A portion of the old line Whigs there
will, if Mr. Fillmore remains in the field, support
him. If he withdraws, they will be with us. Mr.
Fillmore is a citizen of large and long experience
in public affairs. I am utterly opposed to his
views of "Americanism," and many of his doc-
trines of public policy. But he is open in these
views and doctrings, and we know where he
stands; while Fremont, without any experience,
except in robbing others of their well-earned lau-
rels, and appropriating them to himself, and in
plundering the Government by false accounts and
false vouchers; and while he and his friends are
courting the vote of the foreign-born citizens, he
and they are in secret affiliation with the whole
northern Know Nothing organization, whose
lodges and councils have indorsed his nomination,
and pledged themselves to his support. Down
with such truckling tricksters.
But I will not pursue this subject. If my col-
league prefers to vote for this Know Nothing,
Abolition, Indian-beef, Government-plundering
marquis of Mariposa, so be it. His company
in Illinois will be small, if not select; and let me
tell ray colleague, that the $100,000 which the
Eurse-holders of the Fremont corruption fund
ave appropriated to carry Illinois will fail of its
object; and were it swelled to $100,000,000 it
would fail to eorrupt the people of that noble
State into the support of his candidate.
Mr. NORTON. I understood my colleague to
say that I had invested $100,000 in the coming
election in Illinois. I beg to say to my colleague,
that if I had that amount of money, I should
not be fool enough to invest it in any political
matter.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no doubt my colleague
would not, in any such foolish attempt as this.
He is too keen a Yankee to invest his own money
for any such hopeless object.
Mr. NORTON. I understand my colleague
to say that I had invested $100,000 in the Illinois
election.
Mr. HARRIS. Oh, no, my colleague is too
smart for that, by far.
Mr. NORTON. Did I understand the gentle-
man correctly ?
Mr. HARRIS. No, sir, I did not gay that.
I said that I understood $100,000 had been sent i
to Illinois by th£ party to which my colleague
belongs, to carry the election in that State for
Fremont. But, sir, I can tell my colleague, and
those acting with him, that^ it'will be in vain.
The Abolition party is not* yet rich enough to
buy the independent voters of Illinois.
Sir, my time is exhausted; but before I close
let me ask, what good has the slavery agitation,
which has convulsed the country for the last
thirty years, accomplished ? It has brought the
North and the South into collision, by attempts
to interfere with it in the States and Territories.
And if any gentleman can point out one particle
of good, intermixed with the world of evil that it
' 1 will concede it an excuse for its ; ^ ,
continuance. But there is none—none whatever. j| ident (if indeed he has any remaining since the
And now, for the first time in the history of our I1 assembling and terrible, if not most ungrateful,
nation, has a sectional, geographical party, arisen !— «<" ♦> « '
—standing upon a sectional platform, and appeal- j
ing to sectional pride, passion, and prejudice, to j
A BEVIEW OF THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
SPEECH OF HON. C. BILLINGHURST,
OF WISCONSIN,
In the House of Representatives,
August 9, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. BILLINGHURST said:
Mr. Chairman: Availing myself of the present
occasion to submit a few observations to the
House and to the country, I shall mainly take
for my text the last annual message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, or passages in said
message which I think are justly entitled to un-
sparing animadversion. Thatexecutive pronun-
ciamiento was, as is well remembered, thrust
upon us, the Representatives of the people, most
ungraciously, and it will also be remembered that
it found none here so poor as to do it reverence.
It has never been received — never read in the
House—a just rebuke of a tyrannical Executive
who forgets the " decent respect" which is ever
due to tne popular branch of Government. The
people make and unmake Presidents, and some-
times Presidents unmake themselves. There is
no way so sure to accomplish this last act as for
the President to treat the people or their chosen
i-epresentatives with contumely.
Inasmuch as the President seems to have no
friend in the House to bring to light this most
remarkable document, I propose to dig it up from
the mass of matter under which it lies buried on
the Speaker's table, that I may review some of
u.  - - - - ,, its salient points, fairly and with even-handed
has produced, 1 will concede it an excuse for its ; justice, that the friends and defenders of the Pres-
.!   . 1- „1 _ mam/. Mrkn nir/\H i iJnnt (inrlV o haa nniT fomflimnC Mlnf.P thfl
elect a sectional President. To bring about this j
state of things, you h#ve stimulated passion 'by j
i assaults upon your southern brethren; you have j
proclaimed your higher law doctrines, and have i
instigated and countenanced resistance to the 1
; laws and constituted authorities of the country,
: acting in obedience to the Constitution; under
the guise of freedom of speech, you have indulged (
in licentiousness,and mobbed and put down those ,
i who uttered opinions in conflict with your own.
You have thus instigated and stimulated a spirit t
of insubordination, bordering upon rebellion,
which has extended itself until it has arrayed a
sectional party in the North pledged to make war
—unending and mortal war—not only upon the
institutions of one half of the country, but upon
the Constitution—the bond of our Union and
action of the Cincinnati Convention) may have
an opportunity to defend the great rejected candi-
date.
The President, in his message, asks, with
much put-on unction, "What is the voice of
history?" He should have paid some heed to
the old maxim, " Sufficient unto the day is the
evil thereof," before he turned historian. Sins
enough in the practical administration of the Gov-
ernment were daily committed, at his hands,
without adding to them the falsification of the
history of our country. The honest historian
chronicles the virtues as well as the vices of the
times and of the country; but President Pierce,
like a feed attorney, appears as the advocate or
one section of his country against the other, ana
that other the section in which he has ever had
his home, and where he was born and reared.
" What is the voice of history ? he asks, and
then talks of Florida as an acquisition demanded
uie ^onsiKUlKin—ute uunu ui UUI umuu cm\  ^ _ j4.ia,oa
common brotherhood. These are but the baby !i by the whole Union '.—of Louisiana, and declares
