1278
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess. A Review of the President's Message—Mr. liillingkurst.
Ho. ok Reps.
The Territory of Washington was organized [
Man-hd, 1863—two days before President Pierce j
was inaugurated. Only three years before this,
the Union was thought to be in danger. The
throes of the body-politic were keenly felt from
the center to the extreme portions of the Union.
But, luckily, the Union was saved by a string of
compromises—one of which stopped the slave
trade i nt he District of Columbia; another of which
ad mitted California into the Union as a free State;
two others organized Utah and New Mexico,
where slavery was already prohibited by the local
or Mexican law, giving them permission to come
into the Union, in proper time, as States, with
or without slavery. What else occurred in the
mean time? Ah, I have it. Two presidential
conventions assembled, each resolving solemnly
to abide by those compromises, every one of
them. Was there any other new matter acted
upon ? No. What novel principle had taken
auch fast hold of the public judgment as to be in-
troduced, by common consent, into the govern-
ment of Washington Territory, making the nation
jubilant? Was it the prohibition of slavery
therein ? No, thfct is not the President's meaning,
by a long shot. He finds no joy, nor consolation,
nor hope of reward in that direction. His thoughts
were running another way. The ingenuity of his
mind lies in finding out the fact that this glorious
principle of his had, by common consent, found
its way into Washington Territory. And when
did he find this out ? It was news to Congress—
news to the people. How did he keep so prom-
inent a fact concealed for so long a time? What
evidence has he of this common consent' I will
tell you, Mr. Chairman, confidentially, what I ;
think of it. I think that the authors of the bill
for Washington Territory shot beyond the stone
Ezel, as spoken of in the Bible, or overshot the
mark. They were altogether too keen, or, to use
a Yankee expression, too smmrt for themselves,
and thus failed to accomplish what they intended. :
That they intended to leave off from Washington
a wholesome restriction, long the settled policy
of the Government as to Territories, I have not
a doubt; and that the present President was let
into the secret and safely kept it until he wrote
his message, I have just as little doubt.
What are the facts in the case ? Look at them.
Oregon Territory was organized August 14,1848,
including what is now Washington Territory,
and a part of the Oregon act reads as follows:
" See. 14. That the inhabitant* of said Territory shall be
entitled to enjoy all and singular the rights, privileges, and
advantages granted and secured to the people of theTer- j
ntoryin the United States northwest of the river Ohio, by ,
the articles of compact contained in the ordinance for the
government of said Territory, on the 13tluiay of July, 1787,
and shall be subject to all the conditions and restrictions
and prohibitions in said articles of compact imposed upon
the people of said Territory."
Here the slavery prohibition, in the form and
express terms of a compact, unalterable, except
by consent of all the parties, is extended over
all Oregon, the north half of which is now Wash- ,
ington Territory. It is not the ordinary " Wil-
mot proviso," a simple act of legislation,but an
expressly declared compact, unalterable and irre-
peaiable, except by the consent of all parties
interested.
Mr. Chairman, I leave gentlemen to judge how
far a compact can be impaired by an ordinary act
of legislation. The shrewdness of the authors
of the Washington territorial bill, specially
known to the President and highly appreciated
in secret for a long time, is to De found in the
peculiar phraseology of the twelfth section of
said bill. Here it is. Listen and ponder:
"•find fl farther enacted, That the laws now in force
in the Territory of Oregon by virtue of the legislation of
Congress, which have been enacted and passed tuhtequeni
to the 1st day of September, 1848," * ♦   * "be, and
they are hereby, continued in force in the Territory of
Washington until they shall be repealed or amended by
future legislation."
By continuing in force the laws of Congress
relating to Oregon, passed subsequent to the 1st
day of September, 1848, the design of the framers
of the Washington territorial bilf was, manifestly
and clearly, to shut out the organic law of Oregon,
passed August 14,1848. Does anybody believe
that ten members of Congress understood the ob-
ject and pumose of this curious hiatus of sixteen
days ? Ana it is by atlch legislation that a'' great
principle" has been introduced into Washington
Territory, to the general joy of the American
people,as Mr. President Pierce, the self-appointed
historian of the legislation of this country, would
have it.
The organic law of Oregon, already referred to,
has never been repealed, as it regards Washington
Territory, and, although Congress did declare
that its laws passed subsequent to the 1st day of
September, 1848, should be in force in Washing-
ton Territory, it does not necessarily follow that
other laws previously in force there are repealed.
Far, very far from it. They stand, and will exer-
cise their binding force, in spite of the ingenious
contrivance of the authors of the Washington
territorial act, over which the President seems to
think the whole country is rejoicing.
I hardly can conjecture to what extent this
Administration will carry its new doctrine of
repealing laws by " superseding" them. It may
be that the solemn compact extended over Wash-
ington Territory has been superseded. That the
people may have their attention called particu-
larly to this novel doctrine, I will recapitulate
the instances of its application under the present
Administration.
The Missouri compromise of1820 was " super-
seded" by the compromise measures of 1850,
but not known until 1854.
Thffordinance of 1787 extended over Oregon in
1848, was " superseded" in 1853 by the Wash-
ington territorial bill, but not known until 1856.
The ordinance of 1787 was " superseded" by
the Constitution of 1789, but not known until
1856.
It is at least a convenient Executive doctrine, as
it keeps the people in the dark. ' |
The next passage in the message which I shall
notice is an extract from the Kansas and Ne-
braska act, and the part which, ever since its
enactment, has been uttering, to this Adminis-
tration and its adherents,
" Signs of woe, that all is lost."
Until the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
my own political associations had unwaveringly
been with the Democratic party; and as this pes-
tiferous measure originated with Democrats, and
became one of the tenets of the party, I felt im-
peratively called upon to examine it with all the
care its importance to the country seemed to me
to demand, and, from my party associations and
affinities, 1 reviewed and considered it from the
most favorable point, I km sure. In candor 11
confess that I could find no merit in it, or any
thing to justify the very grave act of repealing
the Missouri compromise, (which bad Mood re- i
vered and nearly as sacred as the Constitution '
itself by the whole people of the Union for some I
thirty-four years,) and of reopening the slavery
question, which had been so solemnly settled, ac-
cording to President Pierce's inaugural address,
by the compromise measures of 1850. I could
not sanction or support it. I could not longer act
with a party which would adopt it as a cardinal
feature in its creed. I felt, as no doubt Mr. Pres-
ident Pierce felt, when the measure was first j
sprung in the Senate upon the country, and when 1
his official mouth-piece, the Union newspaper,
repudiated and denounced it; but I held on to i
my opposition to so unwise, unjust, and wrongful
a measure, whilst the President and his official
mouth-piece turned to the right-about face, and |
hugged and embraced the identical measure which
they had, in good set terms, but a little while I
before, no doubt honestly, condemned. _ I
But beyond this, and as a graver question than !
even the repeal of this time-honored compact,
there was a measure incorporated in that act by
way of explaining or interpreting the intent of
Congress in passing the act, more alarming in
its character than any act of Congress since the
foundation of the Government, fwill how pro- j
ceed to strip this measure of the ingenious con-
trivances of language to hide its meaning, and
expose it in all its enormity.
I have always. Mr. Chairman, regarded slavery
as a local, sectional, and not a national institu-
tion, and that the nation not only had, but as was ;
its duty to the spirit and the letter of the Consti- i
tution, always should avoid anything and every- J
thing even looking like a recognition of its nation-1
ality. |
But, sir, by the Kansas and Nebraska act
I slavery was expressly legalized Vithin those Terri-
; tories. Now for the proof:
I It being the true Intent and meaning of this act not to
legislate slavery into any State or Territory, nor to exclude
it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free
to form and regulate their domestic institutions in their
own way, subject only to the Constitution of the United
State'?."
What mere twaddle it is to contend that Con-
gress does not intend to legislate slavery into ths
Territories. How could Congress legislate it in
any more than jt could legislate money in, or crime
or virtue ? This form of expression is not incon-
sistent with a system of legislation that would
bring about a state of things by which slavery
mightslide into a Territory that was free. Slavery
was never legislated into any locality; but it has
been taken in by virtue of legislation.
Let us consider the other branch of this legis-
lative-judicial interpretation. Congress has sol-
emnly declared its true intent to be, not"to exclude
slavery from the Territories, but to leave the peo-
ple thereof perfectly free to form and regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way.
A domestic institution may be the creature of law
or a mere conventional regulation. A family, a
school, a church, a state of servitude, is a domes-
tic institution. In fact, the word domestic, from
domus, a house, or home, residence, or family, as
domestic concerns, domestic life, domestic duties,
domestic affairs, domestic happiness, domestic
worship, and in a substantive sense, " one who
lives in the family of another, a servant or hired
laborer," excludes the idea of a legal institution.
Congress did not say they intended to leave the
people free to form and regulate their institutions
in their own way. If they had, it would have
been taken to be such institutions as are formed
and regulated by law—not conventional or self-
formed: but by the introduction of the word
" domestic," which, in its place in this law, was
and is understood and intended to comprehend
slavery alone, Congress has inaugurated a new
principle of legislation for Territories, essentially
differing from the doctrine of non-intervention.
It is only by a careful consideration of all the
terms in this " stump speech" in the act, that we
are enabled to arrive at its " true intent and mean-
ing." "To form," in its connection, can only
signify to introduce or establish. Wherein " the
people" are authorized " to form" their domestic
institutions, inasmuch as the formation of such
institutions does not require the intervention of
legislation, the law regards "the people" as in-
dividuals, and not collectively, as a community,
acting under the forms of law. Again: whereih
" the people" are authorized " to regulate" such
institutions, it#is equally clear that Congress
intended such regulation should be by " the
people" collectively. The people of slave States
individually "/orm" their domestic institutions;
collectively, as represented in the Legislature,
they regulate them.
Before the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
slavery was prohibited in Kansas and Nebraska;
and, according to my understanding of the law,
slavery can exist legally only by express legis-
lation permitting it; so tliat, if Congress had con-
tented itself with simply repealing the prohibi-
tion, slavery could not legally have existed in ths
Territories in question.
Now, to put this lawtto a practical test, to de-
termine whether Congress has legalized slavery
in the Territories, ana thus given to it nationality
of character, I will put a case.
Dr. Stringfellow's slave Cato sues out a writ of
habeas corpus before Judge Lecompte to procure
his freedom on the ground that slavery is not
recognized by the organic law. On the hearing,
the judge examines the law, and finds, in-section
twenty-three thereof, that he has been required,
in his oath of office, to swear that he would SUP"
port the Constitution of the United States and
the provisions of the Kansas and Nebraska act.
He then turns to the thirty-second section, and
reads that Congress has declared that they did not
intend or mean to exclude slavery from the Territory,
but to leave every man who emigrated to it perfectly
free to bring his own domestic institutions with him,
and that the Territorial Legislature is invested
with power to regulate such institutions. The
judge turnsto Cato and says to him, " lam sworn
