1-230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 10,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Qualifications of Members of Congress, etc.—Mr. Marshall. of Illinois. Ho. of Reps.
and at his bidding California sprang; into existence,
and now out of her abundance is filling tlie world
with wealth. His spirit hovered over her in her
infancy, and taught lier the lessons of freedom.
He discovered and pointed out the "passes"
through which she has received her population.
He brought her into the sisterhood of States,
and, as United States Senator, provided her with
wholesome laws. He has called the commerce
of Asia across the Pacific to our western shore.
By his own almost unaided achievements, he has
established a world-wide reputation for himself,
reflecting honor and glory upon his country.
'• In the bright lexicon of youth,
Which late reserves for a glorious maiihood,
There is no such word as fail
This was his motto in early life,and most faith-
fully has he lived up to it. When stout hearts
quailed and weather-beaten cheeks blanched, his
cry was "onward I" and his career has been on-
ward and upward, surmounting all difficulties.
The voice of resolution kept uttering within him,
'• there is no such word as fail." His character
(for it is formed) belongs to the American people,
and if we desired a model for youth to follow,
we need not go abroad for the contribution. If it
were asked, "What has he done that should entitle
him to be President?" I would answer, he has
made himself a man. Scan ourcountry; and if
Fremont has done nothing for its greatness—its
fame—its wealth—where lives the man who has
done m*re?
The energy and endurance of a Bonaparte—
the intellect of a Jefferson—the firmness of a
Jackson, are qualities he possesses, fitting him
for the exalted station of Chief Magistrate, and
are requisite to recover for our common country
the glory that has been lost by mal-administration.
QUALIFICATION'S OF MEMBERS OP CONGRESS-
POWER OP THE STATES IN REGARD THERETO.
SPEECH OF HON. S. S. MARSHALL,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
April 10, 1856.
The House having under consideration the Contested-
Election Cases froui the Eighth and Ninth Congressional
Districts of Illinois,
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, said:
Mr. Speaker: As the Committee of Elections
have, with entire unanimity, reported in favor of
my right to the seat which I occupy on this floor,
and as nearly every person who has paid any
attention to the question upon which my right is
contested has arrived at the same conclusion
■which I have, I had not intended, until the pres-
ent moment, to trouble the House with any re-
marks on the subject; but the speech of my col-
league, [Mr. Harris,] who is my personal and
political friend, and whose legal opinions are at
all times entitled to consideration, has caused me
to determine upon a different course. And if the
House will now indulge me for a short time, I
•will endeavor to show that my colleague has not
investigated this subject with his usual care,and
has consequently been led into errors of judg-
ment, from which, with a more thorough investi-
gation, he would no doubt have been exempt. I
shall confine the remarks which I shall submit to
my own case. And first, as to the facts. It is
true that, in 1851, I was elected to the office of
judge of the twelfth judicial circuit of the State of
Illinois for a term which, by its own limitation,
was not to expire until the first Monday of June,
1855. It is also true, that in the constitution of
Illinois the following clause is to be found:
"The judges of the supreme and circuit courts shall not
be eligible to any other office of public trust or profit, in
this State, or the United States, during the term for which
they are elected, nor for one year thereafter. All votes for
either of tbeia for any elective office (except that of judge
of the supreme or circuit court) given by the General As-
sembly. or tlie people, shall be void."
I resigned said office of judge in August, 1854,
and in November following was elected by the
people of the ninth congressional district to the
seat 1 now hold on this floor. Tnese are the
facts.
But, before I enter upon the argument, I wish
! to remove the erroneous impression which, by
j some means, has been made in certain quarters,
; that the people of Illinois feel a deep interest in
having this clause in their constitution vindicated,
and have sent the contestants here to urge its
validity. As far as my observation has gone, the
people of that State have never considered this
clause of any binding efficacy or force when ap-
plied to offices created by or held under the Fed-
eral Constitution. Nearly the entire legal pro-
fession have always held it to be, to that extent,
void; and both the people and the Legislature,
on every occasion where they have had the op-
portunity to do so, have shown by their action,
that they consider it an unconstitutional and
unjustifiable attempt to fetter their right of elec-
tion. -The people of my district, in sending me
here by an overwhelming majority, have certainly
given pretty strong evidence of their view of their
right to elect their Representative without being
trammeled by any such restrictions.
Mr. Speaker, I was amazed to hear my col-
league speak of the position, that " the States
have no power to add to or restrict the qualifica-
tions prescribed by the Federal Constitution for
a member of thin House" as a novel doctrine,
and which, now introduced for the first time,
threatens tlie destruction of State sovereignty. I
shall endeavor to show that this doctrine, instead
of being novel, is as old as the Constitution—was
held by Madison, who has been called the father
of the Constitution, and by every single writer on
the jurisprudence of our country, who has turned
his attention tq the subject, from the adoption of
that instrument down to the present time—that
it has been settled by adjudicated cases both by
the Senate and House of Representatives, and is
supported by reason as well as authority. The
section of the constitution of Illinois relied on by
the memorialist embraces two clauses, one of
which is an attempt to disqualify the person voted
for, and the other is an apparent attempt to dis-
qualify the elector. To avoid confusion, these
clauses should be considered separately. The first
is:
" The judges of the supreme and circuit courts shall not
be eligible to any other office, or public trust, of profit, in
this State, or the United States, during -the term for which
they are elected, nor for one year thereafter." •
If this clause was ever intended to apply to a
Representative in the Congress of the United
States, which may well be doubted, I insist that
it is to that extent in contravention of the Fed-
eral Constitution, and wholly inoperative and
void. The office is a creation of the Federal, and
not of the State constitution. It is not an office
which belongs to the State in her sovereign ca-
pacity, considered separate and distinct from the
Federal Government. The framers of the Federal
Constitution deemed it importantthatthe qualifica-
tions prescribed for members of this House should
be uniform, and they, therefore, to prevent con-
fusion, fixed and determined this matter by a
clause in that instrument. In their wisdom they
determined that their restrictions upon the free
choice of the electors should be few and simple,
and they therefore only prescribed that the Repre-
sentative must be at least twenty-five years of
age, must have been seven years a citizen of the
United States, and must, when elected, be an
inhabitant of that State in which he shall be
elected. Persons having these qualifications, and
being duly elected by those who have a right to
choose a Representative, must have, unquestion-
ably, the right to a seat here. If you may super-
add to these qualifications, or fix additional re-
strictions upon the right of election, you as mu.ch
destroy the force of this clause as if you were to
strike it from the Constitution. The qualification
therein prescribed is full and complete; and it
seems to me manifest that there can. be no power
in the Government, State or Federal, save by an
amendment of the Federal Constitution, to add 1
to, limit, restrict, or vary this qualification. j
I have already stated that this was the view '
that Mr. Madison took of the subject. In dis- j
cussing this very clause, and commenting on the i
qualifications of electors and Representatives, j
when the Constitution was before the people for j
their adoption, he says: I
" The qualifications of the elected being less carefully and I
properly defined by the State constitutions, and being, at \
the same time, more susceptible of uniformity, have very I
| propferly been considered and regulated bv the convention.
A Representative of the United States must be of the aae of
, twenty-rive .\esus; mu*t have been seven yeats a citizen
ot the United Stares; must, at tlie tune of Ins election, be
an inhabitant «>f the State he is to represent,and during the
time ot his service mu t be in no office under the United
States. Lnder these reasonable limitations, the door of tins
part of the Inderal Government is open to merit of eveiy
description, whether native or adopted, whether young or
old, and without regard to poverty or wealth, or to any
particular profession or religious faith." Federalist No
52, p. 330. y
Chancellor Kent, in his Commentaries on
American Law, states the qualifications of a
member of Congress, as fixed in the Federal
Constitution, and then adds, in a note:
" The question, whether the individual States can super-
add to or vary the qualifications prescribed to the Represent-
ative by tlie Constitution of the United States, is examined
in Mr. Justice Story's Commentaries on the Constitution,
volume 2, pp. 99—103. But the objections to the existence
of any such power appear to me'to be too palpable and
weighty to admit of any discussion."—Kent's Commentaries.
vol. 1, p. 229. ' '
This is the matured opinion of one of the most
illustrious jurists our country has produced,
given not hastily or inconsiderately, but in his
calm retirement, removed from all extraneous
influences, and whilst engaged in expounding
that very clause of the Constitution, in a work
upon which he expected his reputation as a jurist
principally to rest.
Justice Story's statement of the objections to
the existence of any such power in, or the exer-
cise of any such power by, the States, is so clear,
that I hope the House will indulge me in referring
to it. He says:.
" A question, however, has been suggested upon this sub-
ject, which ought not to be passed over without notice; and
that is, whether the States can superadd any qualifications
to those prescribed by the Constitution of the United
States. The laws of some of the States have already re-
quired that the Representative should be a freeholder, and
be a resident within the district for which he is chosen. If
a State Legislature has authority to pass laws to this effect,
they may impose any other qualifications beyond those pro-
vided by the Constitution, however inconvenient, restrict-
ive, or even mischievous they may be to the interests of
the Union. The Legislature of one State may require that
none but a Deist, a Catholic, a Protestant, a Calvinist, or a
Universalis, shall be a Representative. The Legislature
of another State may require that none shall be a Repre-
sentative but a planter, a farmer, a mechanic, or a manu-*
facturer. It may exclude merchants and divines, and phy-
sicians, and lawyers. Another Legislature may require a
high moneyed qualification, a freeholder of great value,
or personal estate of%roat amount. Another Legislature
may require, thawlie party shall have been born and always
lived in the State or district, or that he shall be an inhab-
itant of a particular town or city, free of a corporation or
eldest son. In short, there is no end to the Varieties of
qualifications, which, without insisting upon extravagant
cases, may be imagined.- A State may, with the sole object
of dissolving tlie Union, create qualifications so high, and
so singular, that it shall become impracticable to elect any
Representative."
" It would seem but fair reasoning, upon the plainest
principles of interpretation, that when the Constitution
established certain qualifications as necessary for office, it
meant to exclude all others as prerequisites. Prom the very
nature of such a provision, the affirmation of these qualifi-
cations would seem to imply a negative of allothe«s." * * ♦
"A power to add new qualifications is certainly equivalent
to a power to vary them. It adds to the aggregate, what
changes the nature of the former requisites."—Story's Coin,
mentaries on the Constitution, vol. 2, sees. 623, 624.
The principle contended for has, in effect, or
directly, been determined more than once by the
House of Representatives. In the Ninth Con-
gress, in 1805,in the case of Spaulding cs. Mead,
Mead had been returned as a Representative from
the State of Georgia, and held his spat in strict
pursuance of the laws of that State; but the
House, in utter disregard of the laws of Georgia
regulating the returns of their elections, and of
the certificate of election granted by the Governor,
gave the seat to Spaulding, who had, in fact,
received the highest number of votes.
In the case of Barney vs. McCreery, in 1807,
(Tenth Congress,) this question was directly
raised, and discussed with signal ability. My
colleague has read, from the argument of Mr.
Randolph, on that occasion, and remarks that
the case went off on another point. In this he is
unquestionably mistaken. There were but two
points in the case. The law of Maryland
required that one of the two Representatives to
which Baltimore county was entitled should, at
the time of his election, be a resident of the city
of Baltimore. To entitle McCreery to his seat it
devolved on him to show, either that he was in
fact a resident of the city, or that the act of
Maryland, in thus attempting to superadd a new
