1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1281
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Qualifications of Members of Congress, etc.—Mr. Marshall, of Illinois. Ho. of Reps.
qualification unknown to the Federal Constitu-
tion, was void. So thoroughly satisfied were die
committee that said act was void, tlyat, in the first
instance, they refused to take evidence as to the
residence of McCreery, and reported to the House
that,
" On the bom mature consideration of the cue submitted
to them, the committee are of opinion that William Mc-
Creery w duly qualified to represent the fifth district of the
Sate oi' Maryland, and that the law of tuat State, restrict-
ing the residence of the members to any particular part of
the district for which they may be chosen, is contrary to
the Constitution of the United States; Therefore,
"■RetoltM, That William McCreery is entitled to a seat
ia tliis House."
It is true that it is manifest, from the report of
the case, that many members, although satisfied
of McCreery's right, wished, if possible, to avoid
deciding on the validity of the Maryland law, if
they could get some other ground on which to
base their decision. The report, after debate,
was recommitted to the Committee of Elections,
who took and reported to t^e House the evidence
in regard to McCreery's residence. This evidence,
in my judgment, shows clearly that McCreery
was not a resident of the city of Baltimore. But
the committee, with singular pertinacity, report
that—
'■ On the foregoing testimony the committee make no ob-
servation, but will lay the record of the testimony on the
Speaker's table, and submit the following resolution:
" lltsolvtd, That William McCreery having the highest
namberof votes, and bring qualified agreeably to the Consti-
tution of the United State, i* entitled to la Mat ia this i
House." I
It is true that the position of the committee was
combated with signal ability by Mr. Randolph,
but he was met with equal ability and more con-
vincing arguments. As I have before said, as the
case was presented, there were but two grounds,
upon one of which McCreery must base his claim
to the seat: 'either that he was a resident of the
city, or that the act requiring him to reside there
was void. If the evidence liad established the
first point, there could have been no difficulty in
the case. No member would have had any deli-
cacy or hesitation in basing his decision on that
ground. But when it was proposed to amend the
resolution last mentioned by inserting, after the
name of William McCreery, the following words:
*' having the qualifications p^pcribed by the laws
of Maryland, this amendment was negatived by
the emphatic vote of 93 to 8; thus showing that,
in the opinion of the House, it was manifest that
there was not evidence to justify them in placing
their decision upon that ground. There was,
then, but one other ground upon which they j
could give him his seat,mid that was, that the act
attempting to fix an additional qualification (or
restriction upon the eieetion) of a Representative
was null ana void. And although the resolution
(evidently to gratify or accommo'date the views
of Mr. Randolph and those who were acting with
him) was changed into a simple resolution, " that
McCreery was entitled to the seat," the decis-
ion was manifestly made on the ground that the
States cannot superadd qualifications to those
prescribed by the Federal Constitution.
- The distinguished Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Judge Butler,] in discussing this question
during the present session, in tne Trumbull
case, in referring to this case of McCreery and
Barney, says: " I think it impossible for any one
to read the history of that case without coming to
the conclusion that this question was then decided
by the House of Representatives." And I feel
confident that all who give it a thorough exam-
ination will arrive at the same conclusion. But
the decision made by the Senate, at the present
session of Congress, in the case of Mr. Trum-
bull, a Senator from Illinois, is entitled to the
highest consideration as an authority on this
Suestion. The question there was identical with
le one now before the House. Mr. Trumbull
was known to hold political sentiments that were
extremely obnoxious to a large majority of the
Senate, and there could therefore lie no ground
for suspecting Senators of an undue leaning in
his favor. The subject had the attention of their
Judiciary Committee for over three months. It
was discussed with great ability in the Senate,
and was finally decided in Mr. Trumbull's favor
by a vote amounting almost to unanimity. The
circumstances under which this case was decided;
New Series—No. 81.
the character, dignity, and ability of the tribunal;
the thoroughness and searching character of the
investigation, make it an adjudicated case of the
very highest authority.
My colleague has entirely overlooked all these
weighty precedents and authorities, and to sup-
, port his view has referred to the argument of
Mr. Randolph in the case of Barney vs. McCreery,
of which I have already spoken, and the letter of
Mr. Jefferson to Mr. Cabell. Unless the argu- j
ment of advocates in a case is entitled to more
weight than the decision of the court thereon,
. Mr. Randolph, as an authority, has already been .
sufficiently disposed of. The remarks of Mr. <
Jefferson referred to are found in a letter written "
to a friend, not intended for publication, without
any thorough investigation of the subject, and
not acting under any official or other responsi-
bility. In this Mr. Jefferson does not pretend to '
five it as the deliberate or settled judgment of
is mind, that the States have the power con- !
tended for by the contestant', but only that, after i
a little consideration, he was reduced to the pre- ,
dicament of doubting the correctness of his pre- ;
vious opinion that the States had no such power**:
Judge Butler, in his remarks in the Senate on
the Trumbull case, has given to this alleged au-
thority all the consideration to which it is entitled
when he says: I
" If it is to become a contest between Mr. Jefferson and
Mr. Justice Story, as a general principle I should take Mr. ,
! Jefferson's views of the subject; but, sir, we are not to
i take, as any man's judgment, an epistolary expression qf
I opinion in comparison with one who is appealing to the
| tribunal of the World for the judgment which he forms."
I have thus disposed of the only authorities,,,
such as they are, which the advocates of the ex-
istence of this power in the States have been able J'
to produce. j;
The other clause of the State constitution seems
to me to present, if possible, less difficulty than -
the one I have been considering. It follows im- I
mediately after the clause first quoted, and is as
' follows:
" All votes for either of them for any elective office (ex-
cept that of judge of the supreme or circuit court) given by i
the General Assembly or the people, shall be void." j 1
The object of this clause is precisely the same |
as that of the preceding. It is aimed at the per- j
son chosen, and not at the elector. Although, on
the face of it, it is an attempt to abridge the right
of an elector, the real object is evidently to do in-
directly what the convention must have known
it had no power to do directly^—tha^is, to deprive
| the offiaera.namfdrftf^ctear right th"y had under i
j-ffie Federal Constitution, of holding any office j
under the General Government. It is a well-set- I
tied principle of construction, that no Government,
Legislature, or corporation, can do indirectly that i
which they are forbidden to do directly. To up-j i
hold such an attempt at evasion, would be to '
' make the Constitution a mere rfipe of sand, sub- j
ject to the caprice of the people of any and every j
, section of the Union. !j
Let us suppose that the clause quoted is aimed ! j
, at the elector. The answer to thatis, that aState ! i
has no power to determine who an elector shall ;
or shall not cast his vote for. A State has just !
as much power to say that he shall give his vote
for a particular person, as to say he shall not vote ;
I for a particular person, or class of persons. The
right of the people in my district to choose their !
! Representative in Congress, is secured to them 1
| by the Federal, and not by the State constitution, i;
The clause of the Constitution of the United ]
; States upoh this point is clear:
i " The House of ^Representatives shall be composed of
1 members chosen every second year by the people of the '
several States, and the electors in each State shall have the
' qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature."
I The States have the right, of course, to de-
termine the qualifications of elector for the most
i numerous branch of the State Legislature; but the
i right to vote for members of Congress is con-
ferred on the same persons by the Federal Consti-
tution; and this being granted, it would seem to
follow necessarily that no State has the power to
; limit or restrict this right, and that an attempt1
; to do so would be an invasion of the highest pre-
rogative of the citizen. The States may right-
i fully determine the time, place, and manner of
| holding elections, but they cannot fetter the free
choice of the electors. They cannot put chains
upon their minds, and say to them, you shall vote
for a particular person, or class of persons; or
you shall not vote for another particular person,
or class of persons; and if you refuse to obey this
mandate, your votes shall be void. The electors
hold this right under the Constitution of the
United States, subject to no other restriction or
limitation whatsoever, than what is therein found.
That the persons who voted for me were qual-
ified electors of my district, is not denied. That
I am qualified to hold the office by virtue of the
Constitution of the United States, I believe is not
seriously questioned. If the freemen of my dis-
trict haa cast their votes for any other person,
they would have been valid. But they were for-
bidden by the State constitution to vote for me,
and, therefore, although they are qualified elect-
ors, under the Constitution of the United States,
it is urged that their votes are yoid, and that a
gentleman with a miserable minority vote is
entitled to represent a people who, by a most'
emphatic verdict, have refused to choose him for
that purpose. If the right of suffrage, the right
of the elector to choose his representative freely
and untrammeled, can be limited, restricted, and
even nullified, by such miserable evasions, it is
time for the people to know it.
That the right to vote for Representative to
Congress, is conferred and fixed by the Federal,
and not by the State constitution, seems to me
clear and manife'st. That'this is the view of Mr.
Madison, who has been called the fatner of the
Constitution, will be evident, by reference to his
article in the Federalist, which has been already
referred to.
But*there is another view of this question.
The clause upon which we are now commenting
reads: " All votes cast for either of them, " &c.,
" shall be void." Cast for whom ? Evidently the
word " them," refers to "judges of the supreme and
circuit courts." It does not read " all votes cast
for them "for the term for which they were elected,
and for one year thereafter, shall be void; and
you cannot make it mean that without inserting
into the constitution of IUiiAris a clause which
the people of that State never put there. The
natural, if not necessary, construction and read-
ing of this clause is: " All votes cast for judges of
the supreme or circuit courts," &c., " shall be
void." But, at the time of my election, I was
a judge of neither the supreme nor circuit court;
and, therefore, this.clause does not apply to my
case. As far as the question now raised is con-
cerned, there is on this point no necessary conflict
between the Federal ana State constitutions. They
are'easily reconciled.
Suppose the clause in our constitution to read
thus: " Farmers shall not be eligible to any office
or public trust of profit in this State or the United
States during the time they pursue that occupa-
tion, nor for one year thereafter. All votes cast
for them, or either of them, for any elective office,
given by the General Assembly or the people,
shall be void." Orfortheword"farmers"above,
insert " lawyers," or " ministers of the gospel,"
or "mechanics," or "merchants," or "Cath-
olics," or " Protestants;" or suppose—what, in
fact, may some day occur—that Utah is admitted
into the Union as a State, and by a new consti-
tution, adopted after admission, the people of
that State insert the following clause: " Citizens
of this State, who have not at least ten wives,
shall not be eligible to any office or public trust
of profit in this State or the United States. All
votes cast for either of them for any elective office,
given by the General Assembly or the people,
shall be void." Is there a man in the House—is
there one in the whole Union, who will assert that
the States have the power thus to fetter the right
of the elector to choose his Representative in
Congress ? And yet, it is manifest that, if the
States have the power to adopt a provision like
that in the constitution of Illinois, and thereby
deprive a Representative, otherwise duly elected
by the people, of his seat, then h^ve they the
power to adopt and enforce any of the supposed
clauses above named, or others, if possible, more
absurd. Establish the principle insisted on, and
you throw open the floodgates of anarchy and
confusion; you depfcrt from the evident object
and purpose of the framers of the Federal Con-
