1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1283
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Restoration of the 'Missouri Compromise—Mr. Pettit.
Ho. ok Reps.
his dwellings, and desolated his fair fields. It
has slopped at no enormity, unless, having ex-
hausted its ability of wrong:, it has waited to
invent another. Over a large Territory, disorder
and riot are supreme, ana the law is without
power.
But the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens,] learned, acute, persuasive—it can offend
no one invidiously to say, that in these quali-
ties, no one in this House excels him—said last
week, that these troubles have not resulted from
the Kansas law. The Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] who is so much the "author of this
measure, as to have conducted it through the
Senate, said the same thing in a report made a
few days ago to the Senate. This last opinion
is to b« excused, as being within that parental
infirmity and instinct that follow the poor off-
spring, bo matter how ungracious, crooked, weak,
wicked, or criminal.
This is my answer: The present troubles in
Kansas originated in the purpose to establish
slavery there. There is no doubt of this being at
the root of all its present difficulties, however we
may differ about the merit of the passion of the
respective sides. The invasion of November,
1854, had this object. This was the object of the
armed ihvasion of March, 1855. This was the
achievement, if its acts have any validity, (which I
utterly deny,) of the so-called Legislature of Kan-
sas. The newspapers of the conquerors glare
with the short creed of "The South, and her in-
stitutions." This is the avowed passion of all
the mobs o£ Kansas. The blood-rea flag of South
Carolina, planted on the smoldering walls of
Lawrence, was inscribed "Southern Rights."
All the inhabitants of Kansas, by official lan-
guage set down in documents laid on our tables,
are classified into free-State men and pro-slavery
men.
Now, if the Missouri compromise, passed
March 6,1820, which excluded slavery from that
Territory, had been permitted to remain in force,
and had not been repealed, the question of sla-
very there would have been prejudged and set-
tled. The seditious malcontents from the North,
of whom the gentleman from Georgia furnished
an amiable sketch, would have had nothing left
to ask, and the friends c£ slavery would have
had nothing left to hope. The repeal of the
Missouri compromise is, therefore, the cause of
these disorders, because, in the absence of this
repeal, none of these disorders could have oc-
curred. This is my first answer. But I have
another. . \ .
For the first time, in more than two centuries
of North American colonization, its progress has
now ceased to be peaceful. During all this time,
beginning at the sea-board, it has proceeded
steadily, at first slowly, then faster, till now it
is settling its hives of industry, and nursing the
pursuits of Christian and civilized man, beyond
the Missouri, and over the plains beyond, where
the Rocky Mountains cast their shadows at
evening.
The subjugation of so large a wilderness has
been a slow and painful achievement. At first
the settlers were clustered in nests along the
coasts at long intervals. Settlements receded from
the sea timidly. Every inch of progress was
disputed by the wild beast and the savage. But
every year some new encroachment was made
on the wilderness. At length settlements began
to move away from the sea on system. The
Alleghanies, through more than a dozen degrees
of latitude, are the American Appenines, parallel
with the coast from Georgia to Maine, never but
a few leagues from it, and the ocean washing
their feet. But so slow was the progress of colo-
nization at first, and so many and so embarrass-
ing its obstacles, that it was more than one hun-
dred and fifty years after Jamestown and Ply-
mouth Rock became historical, before the rough
escarpments of the Alleghanies were crossed,
and population began to flow down into the val-
ley of the Mississippi.
Just so much, or rather just so little, was ac-
complished up to the time of the treaty of peace
which acknowledged independence, not as a dec-
laration, but as a fact. This difficult-conquest
of the forest, and the savage, and the beast—of
untamed nature, dead and living—through so
many weary years, had the prompting of a pas-
sion for free thought, free speech, and free con-
j science only. If this was then a sufficient reason
for abandoning home and country, and crossing
the stormy oCean, and facing the hardships and
perils ef a strange and heathen land, free thought
and free conscience are now no less precious,
when the world ought to be grown much wiser.
Since the Revolution, the settlement of the
public lands has gone on much moie rapidly.
The fact of independence gave it new vigor. Be-
fore the Revolution, it was prevented by the lan-
guage of royal charters, or fettered by severe
conditions. The energies of the colonies were
required to assist kings, or to resist them. But
now, elated with conscious freedom, and pene-
trated with the enterprise of its English ancestry,
population began to go down the western slopes
of the Alleghanies, and follow the rivers toward
the sea. All the rest is a familiar story. Like
an advancing army," with its flanks on the lakes'
in the North, and the gulf in the South, settle-
ment has gone westward with even pace, almost
without stages or resting places. We are our-
selves its witnesses. We, who stopped at man-
hood at what was then the frontier of the known
West, have not reached the noon of life till the
footsteps of the receding conquerors of the forest
and prairie are lost, and our places are the half-
way station between the East and West.
. This settlement of the public lands has been
most rapid in the last fifty years. Fifty years
ago,population was just entering the valley oflhe
Mississippi. Now, having crossed its whole
broad basin, it is ascending the eastern slope of
the Stony Mountains. In the same ratio, this
ceaseless and impetuous progress will find its fixed
limit before the end of tne present generation at
the shore of the Western Ocean.
I have taken this brief view of our colonization,
partly because I shall hereafter have occasion to
recur to the increased ratio in which our settle-
ments are now made, but more particularly at this
point to'draw attention to the fact, that this weary
but gigantic achievement of American coloniza-
tion, spanning more than two centuries of time,
and reaching over more than one half our terri-
torial dominion, has been one of internal peace.
It has been a great victory of peace, wrought
by arts and not by arms. Passing through the
elementary condition whereby Territories become
States, and on the remote frontier, where the re-
straints of law are worn lightly, good order has
everywhere endured, and ihe public happiness
hi* aever been disturbed by intestine strife.
I Thirty-one States have now grown into Union,
without a single example of civil feud or blood-
! shed.
j And why has peaceful and prosperous settle-
ment obtained so universally as the rule ? Be-
1 cause the law has gone into the Territory before
the pioneer, and fixed the conditions which have
prevented opposing opinions and opposing inter-
ests from entering the settlements and carrying on
a bloody strife for the mastery. There has, then,
been no motive to disorder, because passions have
not been permitted to run loose and unbridled,
and to work out their ordinary results. A re-
straint of jarring interests, it is obvious, is a first
and paramount necessity to a peaceful settlement
of the public lands.
Kansas presents the first exception—the novel
and extraordinary spectacle—the first spectacle
of an American Territory passing through a his-
tory of civil dissension ana civil war.
In corttemplating the extension of slavery into
that Territory as the immediate motive to the
present disorders, no one is at a loss to know that
the repeal of the Missouri compromise lies back
of it all, and first gave hope to the friends of the
extension of slavery. That measure was con-
ceived, not more to restore the public peace then,
than to prevent such a calamity as this now. It
was in foresight of the jealousies of differing
opinions and interests, and of the danger of sec-
tional divisions against which the parting advice
of the Father of his Country admonishes us as
tending to disunion, that tins sagacious enact-
ment, at first difficult of obtaining public favor,
but at length heartily acquiesced in, was passed,
and established in public regard as only second
in sacredness to the Constitution. In speaking
on the subject of admitting Florida into the Union,
Mr. Clay made use, in the Senate, of the follow-
ing language:
" By the compromise which took place on the passage of
the act for the admission of Missouri into the Union, in the
year 1820, it was agreed and understood that the hue of 38"
30' north latitude should mark the boundary between the
free States and the slave States to be erected in the terri-
tory of the United States ceded by the treaty of Louisiana."
* * * " Nothing could be more to be deprecated than to
open anew the bleeding wounds that were bound up and
healed by that compromise." '
The repeal of that compromise has verified the
prophecy, and is leading along its train of calam-
ities. But disorders are contagious. These are
not now confined to the Territories, but have
reached into the surrounding States. They have
reached further, and have armed the Union into
opposing sections. Where shall the end be?
And are w.e standing now at the gulf of disunion ?
And this is my second answer. If the Mis-
souri compromise, which in advance prohibited
slavery in Kansas, would, if unrepealed, have
prevented all the agitation of it there, and left
its settlement to be made in peace, with the
same certainty, the repeal of that measure, re-
moving every-restraint, has marked that Terri-
tory as the battle-ground of hostile opinions,
and fanned angry passions into cif il war. It has
invoked these passions to a bloody and violent
struggle for supremacy, because it has not pre-
vented them.
Nor is the struggle that this mischievous re-
peal opens, a short one, or limited in its scope to
the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas. If this
novel and pernicious principle of leaving the Ter-
ritoriesungttarded by law, and sectional interests to
rage without restraint for mastery,is to be persist-
ed in, the present dissensions in Kansas are to be
perpetuated over the whole national domain, until
organized into States. It is a common error, that
the effect of the repeal of the Missouri restriction
is limited to Kansas and Nebraska. Its extent is
far greater. It operates, at the same time, to break
down the prohibition of slavery, in Minnesota.
It breaks down the prohibition of slavery in Ore-
gon and Washington. It overrides the Mexican
laws, which, until then, forbade slavery in New
Mexico. It admits the patriarchal institution of
slavery into Utah, and makes it the political twin
of that other patriarchal institution, Governor
Young's multiplicity of wives. It brings together
there, for the first time in Christian lands, the
Turkish slave bazaar, and the Turkish harem,
and bids them live in love together under the
sanction of our laws; for, if the Missouri com-
promise, which prohibited slavery in Kansas and
Nebraska, became inoperative and voM, because,
in the language of the Kansas act, " it was in-
consistent with the principle of non-intervention
by Congress with slavery in the States and Ter-
ritories, as recognized by the legislation of 1850,
commonly called the compromise measures," for
the like reason, and to the same extent, and by the
vigor of the same Kansas act, all these prohibi-
tions in Minnesota, Washington, Oregon, Utah
and New Mexico, became inoperative and void.
Over all these, if unrestrained, the war for sec-
tional supremacy is to go on. Such is the fair
field for conquest, larger in area than all the or-
ganized States, to which slavery now turns, lured
on to attempt it by avarice, which is always the
energetic force of slavery, and impelled from
behind, according to the assurances of another
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Warner,] by the
necessity of its condition, which only leaves
slavery prosperous where it has room. Each
new Territory, as it fills with population, is only
the battle-field changed, and without the acquisi-
tion of another foot of territory, here is ample
room and verge enough, if the doctrine of the
Kansas bill is to be maintained, for a half century
of civil war.
And no small weight of interest and passion
will be thrown into this struggle. In pursuing
its steady purpose of aggrandizement, slavery
is vigilant, undivided, untiring, unscrupulous,
slow to be satisfied, abundant in Resources; for,
slavery extension is, in its most odtous form, the
war of capital on labor, the oppression of free
labor and honest opinion by the influence of
wealth; a war as old as society, and as inexora-
ble as the lust of money and power; most odious,
