1896.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1287
34th Con«....1st Sess. Restoration of the Missouri Compromise—Mr. Pettit.
Ho. of Reps.
aadisposed of in the Territory, they further pray that pro-
visions may be made in the said law for securing a certain
part of every section of such public land to those who will
actually settle on and cultivate the same.
The United States having pledged themselves, in the
ordinance, that schools and the means of education should
be forever encouraged, and having, in all the sales of land
heretofore made, reserved considerable portions thereof for
that purpose, your memorialists therefore humbly pray that
a law may be passed making a grant of lands for the sup-
port of schools, and seminaries of learning to the several
settlements of tli£ Territory, to wit: the two settlements on
the Illinois, tlxysettlement of Vincennes, and that of
Clark's grant, near the rapids of the Ohio.
Your memorialists further show, that they view that part
of the ordinance for the government of the Territory which
requires a freehold qualification in fifty acres of land, as
elector fo'r members to the General Assembly, as subver-
sive of the liberties of the citizens, and tending to throw
too great weight in the scale of wealth. They, therefore,
pray that the right of suffrage (in voting for representatives
to the General Assembly) may be extended to the free
male inhabitants of the Territory, of the" age of twenty-
one years and upwards, but under such regulations and
restrictions as to you, in your wisdom, may seem proper.
Since the erection of the Territory into a separate go%
eminent, the attorney general thereof has prosecuted not
only for offenses committed against the municipal laws of
the Territory, but also against the laws of the United States,
and has been obliged at three different times to travel one
hundred and sixty miles from his home, the seat of the
territorial government, to prosecute offenders against those
laws, and yet he has received no compensation for his ser-
vices, either from the United States or the Territory, nor
is it probable that the Territory can afford to allow him any
salary for any of his future services.
Your memorialists, therefore, pray that a law may be
passed allowing a salary to the attorney general of the Ter-
ritorv, adequate to the important services which are ren-
dered by that officer t6 the United States aa well as to the
Territory.
Your memorialists are well aware that the consideration
of the numerous objects contemplated by this memorial j
will require more time than can well be spared from the
important and general concerns of the Union, but when 1
they reflect upon their negiectedand orphan-like situation,
they am emboldened to hope that their wants and wishes
will n40t with all the indulgence and attention necessary
to secure to them the relief which is so essential to their
welfare and happiness.
Done at Vincennes, in the Indiana Territory, the 28th
dav of December, in the year of our Lord 1802, and of the
Independence of the United States, the twenty-=seventh.
By order of the convention: • !
WILLIAM HENRY HARRISON, (
President, and Delegate from the county of Knox.
Test: Johs Rice Jokes, Secretary. '
W hat a picture of the past so recent aa to be
in the memory of living man! A citizen of that
State may well feel emptions of just pride at its
benevolence and wisdom. It is witnessed by the
firm and honest hand of President Harrison. It
is dated in the twenty-seventh year of indepen-
dence, of which, even on the frontier, its people
had a share. It acknowledged its dependence on
the authority of Congress. It foreshadows th 
beneficial law of preemption. It foreshadows to
the settler the homestead bill, and his own inalien-
able home on the public lands. It testifies of the
value of knowledge and virtue, and of schools
and seminaries for their diffusion. But all that
broad domain, now occupied by six millions of
people, filled with cities, villages, and fair fields,
fruitful as Egypt, abounding in virtue, patriotism,
and knowledge, bound together to each other and
to the other States by bands of iron, and moving
annually a commerce of seven hundred millions
of dollars, and yet pursuing its career, foremost
in the race, was then too poor to pay a lawyer.
Congress listened to this respectful language of
petition, and created a committee of singular merit
to consider it. The report of the committee, con-
eurreid in by Congress, was made by John Ran-
dolph, Jr., of Virginia.
"That the rapid population of the State of Ohio sufficiently
evinces, in the opinion of your committee, that the labor of
slaves is not necessary to promote the growth and settle-
ment of colonies in that region. That this labor, demon-
strably the dearest of any, can only be employed to advan-
tajre in the cultivation of products more valuable than any
known to that quarter of the United States. That the com-
mittee deetn it highly dangerous and inexpedient to impair
a provision wisely calculated to promote thehappmeBs ana
prosperity of the north-western country, and to give strength
and security to that extensive frontier. In the salutary
ooeration of this sagacious and benevolent restraint, it is
believed that the inhabitants of Indiana will, at no very dis-
tant day, find ample remuneration for a temporary pnvauon
of labor and emigration."
Thus, in the language of the gentleman from
Georgia, the fathers of the Republic did exercise
« the power of excluding the migration of slaves
from the States to the common Territory.
It has often been said, that the grant from Vir-
ginia required the exclusion of slavery in that
Territory. This is an error. The grant was
unreservedly of " all right, title and claim, as well
of soif as jurisdiction,'' and was wholly unfettered
by any condition on the subject. ;
Indiana Territory then comprised all .of the j
present states of Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, and ■
Wisconsin. Illinois and Wisconsin then formed j
two counties of the Territory, St. Clair and Ran- j
dolph, with an official population in 1801- of four
thousand three hundred and eleven, principally
at Prairie du Chien, also, on the Illinois, and
at Cahokia and Kaskaskia, descendants of the
French explorers of the valley of the Mississippi,
commencing with La Salle.
The infant people of Illinois then met in dele-
gated convention. The convention occurred on
the 25th of November, 1805. It was presided
overby the venerable John Edgar. In the peti-
tion then adopted, which is now moldering in
your archives, they describe themselves " as the
people of the Illinois," they ask for " the erec-
tion of acolonial government on the Mississippi;"
they allude to the struggle by which they them-
selves conquered the northwest territory into the
Union;" they say that the expense of such a gov-
ernment is trifling to so great a nation as this,
and that by its'weight it would "control and
dissipate those hordes of restless adventurers,
who, by penetrating into the illimitable regions of
the West, might defy the national arm and com-
mit the national peace." Among other things,
they adopted the following resolution, making
! their own italics. Even they had not discovered
j that the ordinance of 1787 wps repealed:
" And whereas the ordinance of 1787, for the government
of this Territory, is respected by the people as the Constitu-
tion of their country, this committee entertain a hope that
the General Government, after guarantying to the public
the privileges in that ordinance contained, will not pass
unnoticed the violation thereof, by the late act of the Legis-
lature of this Territory,authorizing the importation of slaves,
and involuntary servitude for a long term of years.
" And although this committee entertain no doubt but
that the act in question will render service by adding a
spring to the growth of this country, they express the dis-
approbation of a people who never will consent to a viola-
tion of that ordinance for this privilege of slavery. When
Congress shall deem a change of the ordinance expedient,
they will cheerfully agree to the measure."
Such was squatter sovereignty in Illinois before
the cradle of Senator Douglas was rocked.
For the vindication of the honored history of
Indiana and Illinois, I turn again with regret to
the present Executive of Virginia, and the extrav-
agant language of a special message of January
22d last, in which he refers to Virginia and her
former sovereignty of the Northwest:
• " Bhe was then sovereign of an eminent domain, amplff
enough to pay officers and men to fight the armies of kings.
To cement the union of the States—to harmonize and
strengthen their confederacy—she afterwards ceded, with
more thangenerous devotion, the whole of her northwest
territory tothe General Government, reserving only what
was called tbe Virginia military land district, .between the
' Miami and Sciota rivers, in the State of Ohio. The last
power on earth to question the substance or form of her
\ pledges is the General Government, to which she has been
I so generous."
Without any motive to disparage the honor and
| patriotism of that illustrious old Commonwealth,
! 1 hold that Virginia had no property or right
! i there, except in the reserve alluded to, and another,
! (Clark's grant,) omitted inadvertently, and this
only by the permission and silence of Congress.
The facts are few. In 1609 King James created
the Virginia company, with license to settle a
colony in America between 34° and 45° of north
latitude, extended west to the ocean. He after-
wards gave two or three other charters, extending
j the privileges of the same company. In 1624 the
| validity of these charters was brought into law,
! and judicially denied. The Virginia company
I was dissolved. In 1625, after the invalidity of
! the previous charters had been decreed, Charles
I. made proclamation of the fact, and declared
Virginia to depend on himself for government.
It was afterwards governed by royal commission.
The lands were disposed of by the Crown.
Maryland, North and South Carolina, and Geor-
gia, were, by the same kingly authority, erected
out of its limits. Conflicting grants within the
same parallels of latitude were made to New
York, Connecticut, and Massachusetts. The
western boundary of Virginia was fixed by the
King in council at the Alleghanies.
For one hundred and fifty years Virginia was
silent. But, in 1776, it claimed the rights of the
charter of 1609. Maryland resisted this extraor-
dinary assumption; North Carolina also resisted.
Other States claimed the same territory, and for
better reasons. Virginia carried it with a high
hand, and opened aland office. Congress remon-
strated. Settlers, under the authority of Virginia,
went across the Ohio. • Congress had them ar-
rested and expelled. Virginia remonstrated. But
Congress, by resolution, April 17, 1780, ordered
that their officers should be supported in the act.
The question of title to the Northwest was
then referred to a committee of Congress. It
reported November 3, 1781, and decided, that
by the public acts of the other States, the title
was in New York. Virginia then wanted a Fed-
eral guarantee to the territory southeast of the
Ohio. The committee refused it on the ground
" that large tracts west of the mountains had
been sold by the King before the Revolution, and
that in the year 1763 a very large part thereof
was separated and appointed for a distinct gov-
ernment and colony by the King of Great Brit-
ain, with the knowledge and approbation of the
government of Virginia," and that its western
boundary had been otherwise declared. Con-
gress not only denied her right to the Northwest,
but to the country, also, on the southeast side of
the Ohio.
Such was the title of Virginia to the North-
west, based on a charter, judicially condemned, .
the condemnation silently agreed to for one hun-
dred and fifty years, pretentiously revived during
the Revolution as a bone of contention, denied by
the Congress of the Revolution, and her title at
j length received, not because it conveyed any
, rignt, but because it settled a pertinacious claim,
; and on the severe condition of leaving to Virginia
I all of Kentucky, the Miami grant and Clark's
,! grant.
| The true glory of acquiring the Northwest Ter-
I i ritory to the Union, much better than an exploded
! paper title, with the silent dust of one hundred
and fifty years on it, belongs to the conquerors
;! of the British post of St. Vincent, on the Wabash,
II February 24, 1779. That post was, except De-
j| troit, the only British garrison between the lakes
: and the gulf, and, strong itself, was morealarm-
j j ing because it sent forth the savage incursions
'' that so often made the western frontier red with
the blood of its people, and lit up the midnight
,j with the flames of their dwellings. Vincennes
i Was won by a force composed principally of the
colonists of Indiana and Illinois—of Kaskaskia
I and the French settlements on the Wabash,
| making a winter march in order to surprise it,
wading miles of freezing rivers, and exhausted
by fatigue and hunger. And, although ardent
Virginians, recruited into Clark's regiment after
its return to the south side of the Ohio, and after
the victory was won, and no service of danger
| was to be done, managed to engross the principal
part of the liberal gift of one hundred and fifty
thousand acres of land for this distinguished
service, let the honest-fame of the conquest rest
where it belongs. I have referred briefly to these
j facts, because, not content with the profits of the
assertion of this unparalleled claim, Virginia now
maintains a historic title to gratitude.
I have thus referred to the immemorial and
consistent practice of the Government, under the
' Confederation and under the Constitution, on the
■ subject of the government of the Territories, and
: especially in restraint of slavery, up to the pre-
\ sent Administration, that is now drawing to its
! end with such universal popularity and satisfac-
tion. It has been the faith and works of Wash-
ington, Adams, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe,
Jackson, and Harrison. Republicanism is con-
tent to wander with such guides. Nor have I
been able to notice similar restraints and condi-
tions imposed on the Mississippi Territory , on
Louisiana, on Minnesota, and Iowa, and I think,
with equal force on New Mexico and Utah; nor
have I referred to the uniformity of judicial de-
cisions, State and Federal, with which this neces-
sary congressional power ^as maintained,
j But the executive, judicial, and legislative history
; on this subject are parallels.
i In answer to all this, the gentleman from Geor-
■■ «ia refers to Madison's memorandum to Walsh,
and Jefferson's letter to Holmes. Let it be noticed
that this reference is made to imply that they
