1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1293
34th Con®.... 1st Sess.
Foreign Policy of the United States—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
force, could crash the hopes and away the des-
tinies of mankind. Nations now contend for
supremacy with weapons of a totally different
description, and of inconceivably greater power.
They solve the problems which time and chang-
ing circumstances raise between them, by the
subtleties of diplomacy, the energies of the intel-
lect, the measureless strength of public opinion,
the weight of irresistible argument, and the world-
wide potencies of an all-embracing commerce.
They struggle, not with naked nerves, or with
fire and steel, but with moral and spiritual arms,
with sciences, arts, civilization, and with all the
noble impulses and institutions that spring up
from the teeming bosom of Christian society.
And what people can be compared to ours in any
of these particulars? In one element of material
wealth alone, we possess a magical and almost
fabulous power to control all the enlightened com-
munities of the earth. We need not fear any or
all of the coalesced potentates of Europe, while
cotton, the world-king, is our agent and ally in
every capital on the globe. In short, our geo-
graphical positionf and the immensity of our
resources, long ago justified us in assuming afar
higher station among the great Governments of
Christendom, than we have yet had the boldness
to demand.
But unfortunately, a weak and wavering policy,
sometimes timid and truckling, and then again at
inopportune seasons audacious and insolent, has
well-nigh rendered us contemptible even to the ;
petty powers of Spanish America, while the royal |
courts and crowned heads of the other hemisphere j
treat our noisy assertion of the Monroe doctrine
as •" mere bluster and bravado."
Acting under this erroneous impression, for
which she saw too many apparent reasons in the
singular conduct of the Administration, England
adopted her unjust and unwarrantable interpreta- !
lion of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, urging our '
utter exclusion from every square foot of soil in j
Central America, while she claimed the right of 1
holding the strongest and most important military ,
and commercial positions. The bare statement
of such a construction, as the substance of a com- I
pact between equal and independent sovereigns,
as sufficient to expose its absurdity; for no Gov^
ernment could have arrogated a greater superi-
ority over another in reference to any given matter :
of dispute, even after the terrors of the most fu-
rious war, when victory and cpnquest had decided
the question. The very supposition is prepos-
terous and self-contradictory, and must be viewed
in- that light by every intelligent Englishman*"-
that any free nation, inastate of peace, arid unin-
fluenced by overwhelming fears, should volunta-
rily form a solemn treaty, in which all the gain
and glory were to be on the other side, and all the
loss on their-own! The assumption is repelled
by all history and by the unchanging laws of
human nature, that either masses of men or indi-
viduals will relinquish important powers and priv-
ileges without some appearance of an adequate,
or at least appreciable, consideration. - But in the
case supposed by the British interpretation, there
isnoteVen the semblance or shadow of reciprocity.
It stands alone in the annals of diplomacy as a
solitary instance of suicidal generosity on the one
part, and of insolent, unparalleled cupidity and
presumption on the other.
This, however, was only the inception of a
systematic series of open and covert aggressions.
y.nglanri did not long remain satisfied with the
perpetration of that verbal outrage. The ink was
scarcely dry on the parchment bywhich the com-
pact had been ratified, when she violently wrested
from the impotent State of Honduras the whole
of the Ron tan Islands—that interesting group
which covers the fine route to California as sur-
veyed by the skill of Squiers. These she now
possesses as colonial instruments to bar a future
highway for our trade and travel to the waters or
the Pacific ocean. Bat although this act of wan-
ton usurpation was done in 1850, or half a dozen
years ago, yet up to the present hour the Gov-
ernmentof the United States has not succeeded
in obtaining either redress, or even explanation
for the injury. T „
Again; that outrage was d uplicated at ban J uan,
for, no sooner had American enterprise and capi-
tal opened through the forests of Nicaragua a new
and speedy transit to th« enchanting land of gold
—the American State of California—-than the
grasping hand of England hastened to seize the
northern gate of this great American highway,
by plundering Nicaragua, as she had previously
plundered Honduras; and all this, too, in a time
of profound peace. And, defiant of both reason
and remonstrance, she still holds these actually
conquered positions as a double menace over
American commerce.
But, notwithstanding such manifest encroach-
ments on American rights, and notorious infrac-
tions of national faith, solemnly plighted by the
clearest stipulations of a formal treaty, we have
not yet, after the lapse of six years of the most
patient and submissive endurance, mustered the
necessary resolution to perform one positive or
practical deed in defense of the famous Monroe
doctrine. It is true, there have been some eloquent-
speeches on the subject, with a beautiful display
of diplomatic notes; but no energetic measures,
no similitude of results, nothing, in fact, which
by any possibility could effect a favorable adjust-
ment of the questions in controversy.
I will not now discuss the"curious drama of the
enlistment quarrel, in which our Government, at
first clearly in the right, managed its diplomacy
with so much perverse ingenuity as to be, at the
last, as clearly in the wrong, and only failed to
involve two great countries, connected by innu-
merable ties of affection and interest, in tke
flames-of a destroying strife, from the friendly
feelings and extraordinary intelligence of their
respective commercial classes, and the generous
forbearance, in this instance at least, of the
British ministry. Had Mr. Cramptofi been dis-
missed immediately on the discovery of his
offense, all the world wonjd have approved the
act, and there the matter must have ended. But
to procrastinate and delay the deed until the
English Government had offered the most ample
and honorable amends that ever one independent
Power tendered to another; and then to refuse and
even spum the apology, had the aspect of a use-
less and gratuitous insult, which,it is to be feared,
will be atoned for in the future by the concession
of much more momentous points.
Neither will I dwell upon the inexplicable fact,
that England would not permit us to accept the
Sandwich Islands, that beautiful group of emerald.
gardens planted, as it were, by the kind hand .of
Providence on the tranquil bosom of the Pacific
ocean, as havens of refuge and refreshment tor
I our Asiatic trade, although tfaeywere twice of-
I fet*d to the Federal Government by the only
power pretending to any authority, or competent
to treat on the subject. Why such an invaluable
political boon was not received with correspond-
ing eagerness and joys our rulers have not con-
descended to explain; and I will for the moment
respect the mysterious vail which they have so
carefully thrown around the secrets of the Cabinet.
But there lies another diplomatic mystery nearer
home, almost at our very doors, which I nave no
intention to respect, or leave in political darkness.
When the prowess of the Dominican people had
redeemed Eastern Hayti from the horrors of
anarchy, under African misrule, the first foreign
movement of the new and liberated community
was an humble and earnest supplication to the
United States for the recognition of their mde-
pendence. The Island of Hayti, as it is well
known, forms the key to the Caribbean Sea, as
Cuba does to the Gulf of Mexico; and hence,
every consideration of interest, combined with
the highest motives of justice, sympathy, and
humamty, all called upon us to cultivate the kind-
est and most intimate relations with the young
republic; for there is not another free, white, or
truly American Government in the entire circle of
the West India group. That is the only liberal
or friendly Power who overlooks the path of our
Central American transits. All the rest, save the
negro despotism of Hayti, are European colonies,
the property of nations the most inimical to
American prosperity and progress. It was, there-
fore, a self-evident and solemn political duty on
our part to defend and foster this lovely but soli-
tary oasis of constitutional liberty in the dreary,
surrounding desert of African and European
domination. It was immediately after their eman-
cipation in 1844, that the Dominican people made
their earliest appeal for friendship and moral
assistance to " the great model and mother of
American Republics," as in the language of
intense and affectionate admiration they styled
the United States; and it is difficult even to im-
agine the reasons why their request was so long
denied or disregarded. Mr. Fillmore's adminis-
tration attempted some slight advances in that
direction, but the emissaries of European courts,
and the advocates of negro ascendency, opposed
the measure with such vehement denunciation as
caused it to be abandoned.
After a brief interval, the attention of President
Pierce was called to the singular condition of the
brave and suffering Dominicans. For ten years,
they had struggled against incessant African in-
vasions, and gallantly maintained their freedom
in spite of negro numbers and the cunning of
European intrigues. Such a spectacle could not
fail to excite the sympathy of the new Adminis-
tration, then in perfect accordance with popular
opinion and will, and pledged alike to the cause
of justice and generosity, as well as to a large
and enlightened system of American policy, by
the sonorous sentences of the inaugural. As a
consequence, General William Cazneau, a man
I favorably known in the military and civil annals
of Texas, was directed to proceed to Eastern
i Hayti, in the character of a special agent, for the
■ purpose of inquiring into the political state of its
i people, and their ability to sustain a national ex-
istence. After a careful investigation, he returned
to Washington in April, 1854, and submitted an
affirmative report. In the following June, he
was commissioned to negotiate a treaty with the
Dominican Government,and the frigate Columbia
carried him to St. Domingo, where he arrived in
July of the same year. Both himself and his
propositions were most cordially greeted by Pres-
ident Santana, and the business proceeded har-
moniously, notwithstanding the opposition of the
i European consuls and their efforts with the blacks
i to defeat its consummation. . •
Very soon, however, the British consul in-
! formea the Dominican President, that hisGovern-
' ment protested arainst, and would firmly oppose,
' any agreement which would open new harbors to
! American commerce, or give a coal depot to the
United States within the territories of the island;
and menacing remonstrances ©f a still more inso-
r lent character were urge<L upon the fears of the
| members of Congress, ai that time in session.
1 But mote ominous and outrageous still, the arrp-
| gant English official could point to a significant
i warrant for his threats in the presence of a pow-
erful squadron in the port. The agents of France
! also concurred to the fullest extent in this scheme
, to prevent the ratification of the treaty between
i two sovereign and independent countries; and in-
' fluenced by this double duress, the Dominican
President was compelled to recede. Indeed he
could no longer be considered a free functionary,
but the mere instrument, and slave of the Euro-
pean courts.
General Cazneau protested, in the most spirited
manner, against this foreign* dictation and unau-
thorized interference to frustrate negotiations be-
twixt two American powers, and urged as an un-
answerable objection the principle of the Monroe
I dqctrine. But, unfortunately, he was not sus-
j tained by the vigorous action of an Administra-*
! tion that assumed the reins of Government as the
I open and avowed champion of that noble and
j necessary policy. No one will pretend to deny,
! that the interposition of England and France to
i break up a perfectly legitimate compact—a treaty
i of amity and commerce, with no unusual or novel
! stipulations—was a plain and almost unprece*
i dented infringement of the law of nations, ana a
I direct attack upon our sovereignty and iodepena-
] ence. Nevertheless, up to the present moment,
I not a single energetic measure has been instituted
to seek redress. No excuse,  P?'0§T> °r Ben?"
blance of explanation, has been offered. Our ruue
expulsion from the key of the Cwibwui sea
remains in the same category of subdued, silent,
1 and shameful submission, with the British seizure
i of the strong gates of our Honduras and Nica-
ragua routes to California and Oregon.
gut we have another, and afar more aggravated,
cause of complaint against Engl&nd, and one of
much longer standing. I alhids to her secret,
