1294
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 24,
34th Cong Ml* 1st Sess.
Foreign Policy of the United States—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
sinister, and persevering policy in reference to
Cuba. The briefest glance at the map and marine
chart* ia sufficient «o prove, even by ocular dem-
onstration, the natural and eternal connection of
that beautiful island—the royal and radiant gem
of the Antilles—with the development and desti-
nies of our own progress and civilization through-
out all the ages of coming time. It is seen to
lie like a lovely infant by the side of a lovelier
mother, sleeping, as it were, in the very embraces
of the Union. It almost kisses our shores. It
flourishes in the shadow of our trees. The echoes
of the morning gun that booms over the blue-
tinted waters from the castle of the Spanish ties-
pot, vex and agitate the free aroma of flowers
which every gentle breeze wafts from the Cape of
Florida. It is the single key to the great oceanic
gate of the only liquid highway from the Atlantic
cities to the mouth of the Mississippi river—that
ever-flowing and fresh-watered Mediterranean of
America, the magnificent mother of so many
States. And thus it is capable of being used, at
any moment, as an insurmountable barrier against
the necessary transits of the two principal divis-
ions of the Union. It stands now as aperpetual
menace—a check upon our natural expansion, a
danger to our interests,' and perhaps to our very
existence—a rankling thorn, in our side, even in
time of peace. It is impossible, then, to estimate
how perilous it must prove in the case of war—
with the incalculable strength of its natural posi-
tions increased by all the skill of engineering art
—with its numerous and capacious harbors, the
best in the world, in one of which alone a thou-
sand ships of the line might ride at ease, without
anchor or cable, defiant and fearless of the trop-
ical tempests.
These facta, and a variety of others equally
important and applicable, which I shall not, at
present, pause to enumerate, as being too gen-
erally known to require special mention, fully
justify the proposition that, for the United States,
the possession of Cuba is a great national desid-
eratum. I cannot go aa far as some do—as the
famous Oatend conference, for instance. I can-
not affirm that, for us, under a]l conceivable cir-
cumstances, the annexation of Cuba is a positive
necessity. It is certainly very desirable, and from
many most cogent reasons. It is ours by the gift
real power predominantjon the island. Far other-
wise. I stand prepared to show, to convince the
most skeptical, that Cuba is as much under the
control of Great Britain as her impregnable capital
of Lower Canada. I assert and can demonstrate,
that by a Jong series of insidious approaches,
England has, at last, got the beautiful queen of
the Antilles by the throat, and that the ruthless
gripe will never be relinquished, at least volun-
tarily, until her bleeding victim lies writhing and
dying in the dust suffocated by a million negro
hands! 1 affirm that this is a principle of English
policy as fixed and immovable as the polar star,
and that she has stealthily but steadily pursued
it for more than the quarter of a century.
Interrogate the facts. As early as 1817, Great
Britain effected a treaty with Spain for the ostens-
ible purpose of suppressing the slave trade, the
■ stipulations to.be enforced from the year 1820.
It does not become me, nor is it suited to my
taste, to question the motives which primarily
dictated the measure. They may have been
sufficiently pure and praiseworthy at first; but
whatever generous sparks of philanthropy may
have warmed or illumined the birth of the polit-
ical bantling, the liberal fire has long ago been
smothered out by diplomatic craft and schemes
of selfish aggrandizement. By the compact to
which I have alluded, England and Spain estab-
lished the "mixed commission, "as it was called,
if which both Powers were equally represented,
and which possessed the high authority to determ-
ine, without appeal, what negroes had been in-
troduced into Cuba in violation of the treaty, and
consequently, what blacks were entitled to their
freedom. Prima /acw,this provision did not appear
unjust, irrational, or in any degree dangerous.
But mark the sequel.. The negroes pronounced
free were not to be restored to the enjoyment of
their natural liberty, not returned to their native
land on the shores of Africa. On the contrary,
they were doomed by this very same mixed
commission, to the worst, the most cruel species
of slavery ever invented or ever imagined, under
the mild and merciful name of apprenticeship.
Whenever a human cargo'was captured in the
vicinity of the island, or discovered after being
landed, they were turned over to the Captain-
General to be articled out for a term of years, 1
of God and nature, by contiguity and collocation, .! under the transparent pretext of undergoing a
and by the clearest sanctions of the law of nations, .j i pupilage and preparation for the final state of free-
VlMaiiBA it ia Haniwivilli ta AllP npflp# A nH mfamr '' Haiti Kut in «w*litv iKa nnmaaa rtf anilinw nn
because it is dangerous to our peace and safety
while in other hands than our own. All this I
concede and believe; but tueestiiy implies more
than this—that we must have it, and cannot even
exist as an independent people without it. And
this no one regards as true in any other than a
rhetorical sense, ad eaptandum mobility, in which,
indeed, it is always employed. For we have ex-
isted, and flourished, too, beyond all precedent
in the history of the world, without the conjunc-
tion of that charming island. There is one con-
tingency, however, in which the possession of
Cuba might be almost, or perhaps quite, a national
necessity; and in which we would be justified in
seizing it by force, on the principle of precaution
for self-preservation. I allude to the case of a
rational probability of its transfer to any one of
the leading European Powers. Op that supposi-
tion, the danger to the United States would be
so imminent as to require an immediate resort to
arms for its prevention, at every cost and at all
hazards. And I propose to show in the sequel,
dom, but in reality for the purpose of coiling an .
infrangible chain around the bosom of Cuba—to
bind her hand and foot in helpless, hopless sub-
jection to the domination of England.
Was not this a splendid scheme of philan-
thropy, so pure in theory, so politic in fact?
What critic could be so cruel as to find fault
with a plan of abolition et once so generous,
so philosophic, so prudent, which provided a
system of culture and education for freedom
before it was to be realized? All very well; but
better than all, it proved a most profitable specu-
lation. It put money in the pockets of the pro-
jectors. For every negro apprenticed out by the
Captain-General, that disinterested and philan-
thropic functionary received a golden gratuity of
from fifty to one hundred dollars, as a premium
on the contract. Thus high was the privilege of
wardship over the savages of Africa estimated
by their Creole and European guardians. Nor
need any one be surprised at the magnitude of
this bonus, nor at the liberality of the masters who
that the probability stated is neither remote nor .! paid it, nor yet at the enormous annual revenue
* . * .  1 . 1 ' 1*.  ! j . . '  _ -j _    a 1— _ a um qma ft\1 fl w riatpaitn-
imaginary, but a very near and menacing reality
Nevertheless, until it becomes present, palpable,
find, as it were, overwhelming, I would not have
the country plunged into the fiery vortex of war;
because, as 1 think, we have as effectual, yet
pacific, means to avert the calamity.
It is urged by the European diplomatists, and
reechoed in this hemisphere, that we can offer no
sufficient argument for the acquisition of Cuba;
that, as the visible key to the Gulf of Mexico is
held by the impotent and unwarlike Government
of Spain, with no naval force to shut that ocean
gate, therefore, we cau have nothing to fear,either
in peace or war.
This objection would be entirely relevant, and
indeed decisive, if the assumption were true, as
stated. But I deny the facts in general, and in
every particular. I deny that ths Spanish is the
derived from that source by the Spanish Govern-
ors; because the apprenticeship, as all the parties
concerned well knew, was virtually an agreement
for life. The only nominal tmancipados and their
children melted away, and became undistinguish-
ably lost in the great mass of the servile popula-
tion. Not one in ten thousand ever again heard
another faint or far-off whisper of the word " lib-
erty."
But why, it may be asked, should the Govern-
ment of England sanction such a system of wanton
wickedness and unblushing hypocrisy ? Can any
one entertain the shadow of a doubt as to the so
obvious reason ? This device "of organized im-
perial outrage and wrong gave her that irresistible
weight, ana terrible political supremacy, which
she now possesses over the island. By virtue of
ths treaty, she claims ths legal protectorate of
half a million apprentices, all barbarous blacks,
on whose complete emancipation she can insist
at any moment which may suit her caprice or
convenience. This is tlje fiery sword which she
holds suspended, in terrorem, over impotent and
cringing Spain, as well as over the appalled and
shuddering Creoles.
Under such circumstances, it cannot be a matter
of surprise that the scheme, instead of repressing
tended to stimulate and enlarge the activities of
the traffic in slaves, since it interested all parties
in the extension and continuance of that accursed
commerce. It cheapened the price of negroes for
the Cuban masters; it filled to plethora the coffers
of the Captain-General; and, more than all, it
favored the policy of England to absolute ascend-
ency on the island. We have seen the rationale
—now behold the result. England to-day, or any
day when she chooses, possesses the power to
speak one word mightier than magic, to roll back
the wheels of our destiny, to arrest the velocity
of our progress—nay, to shake on their deepest
foundations the strongest and most enduring
pillars of our Republic: and that word, more
dreadful than >yar, pestilence, or famine, is the
Africanization of Cuba! Such is the end; and
can any intelligent mind, having traced the means
by which it has been accomplished, doubt for an
instant that it accords with lier intention, and is
the ripe fruit of.her sleepless sagacity > I would
not censure unjustly, or with too much severity,
the conduct or character of any Government,
abroad or at home. I deem nations entitled to
the courtesies of civil speech, and the amenity
and moderation of an impartial judgment on their
actions, as much as individuals; but I cannot
forbear stating it as my humble, yet deliberate,
opinion, that the insidious course of English ag-
gression, in reference to Cuba, has no parallel
either on the pages of Roman perfidy, or in the
darker annals of Punic faith.
Nor can it be pretended, by way of apology,
with the least show of plausibility, that England
has managed and maneuvered to gain this impreg-
nable vantage ground with no design to its ultimate
practical use. On the contrary, it seems to be her
unwavering purpose to employ it on the first suit-
able occasion, and without stint or mercy. She-
has even taken the initiatory steps, whenever an
opportunity appeared to offer. It is notorious
that the Captain General, Pezuela,was in the very
act of yielding to her urgent solicitations, when
the tempest of popular indignation burst forth
among the Cuban Creoles, inaugurating the brief
and sudden revolution which led to the banish-
ment of the lamented Lopez. The signs and
proofs of this conspiracy against civilization'and
in favor of bloody and brutal barbarism, were
both numerous ana cogent. In submissive obe-
dience to the mandates of his imperial ally and
master, the complaisant governor repealed the
laws forbidding intermarriage betwixt the free
and servile races. Disgusting blacks and insolent
half-breeds were received with distinguished eclat
and cordiality at the official levees of the vice-
royal palace. And the lowest slaves, in hasty
anticipation of the promised equality to be con-
summated under the new regime of amalgamation,
began to exercise the insulting privilege of bow-
ing to the most beautiful white ladies in the streets,
and of paying their respects even in the boudoir.
Comment on such gross and unnatural indecencies
is as needless as it would be offensive and cruel.
Nor were these the only or the most malignant
indications of tfie English intrigue. The rigorous
and despotic censorship that controls the Cuban
press exceeds anything known or recorded under
the mental tyranny of the dark ages. Not ft line
or paragraph, not so much as an advertisement
for the sale of a horse at public auction, can find
a place in the journals without first passing
through the fiery ordeal of a jealous criticism,
and obtaining the approval of the Government.
When, therefore, every newspaper in the island
opened a discussion on the topio of slavery, and
endeavored to surpass each other in eulogizing
the benefits of free labor; when floods of pamph-
lets were poured around the country, instituting
highly-colored comparisons betwixt the relative
prosperity of Kentucky and Ohio, much in the
same style of argument as we' hear the point
exhibited on this floor;, then the whole Creole
