1656.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1295
34th Cong • ••• 1st Sess.
Foreign Policy of the United States—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
population took the alarm, fully conscious that
their doom had been pronounced,and determined,
if possible, to prevent the execution by the over-
throw of the proconsular despotism under which
they had so long writhed and suffered. Their
organization, with that view, embraced every
nauye patriot in Cuba. But, although they
received the warmest sympathy and some partial
aid from the citizens of the United States, the
American Administration threw its weight on
the side of the tyrants, in direct opposition to
the ardent wishes and dearest interests of our
own people; and the heroic enterprise of Lopez
miscarried. The glittering gem of the Antilles,
which had so nearly been snatched away forever
from the quivering crown of Spain, was restored
to its place, though covered with blood and bitter
tears.
Nevertheless, the effort had not proved alto-
gether vain and unavailing. It terrified the
Spanish Government, and suspended, for a time,
the intrigues of England. What might have
been predicted before, was now self-evid«gt:
the physical and moral impossibility of Afri-
canizing Cuba, without the utter extermination
of ail its.white inhabitants; for this is «the true
and tremendous alternative wherever the two
races exist together in any considerable numbers.
Mature has separated them by lines so deeply
marked and strongly colored as to render every
idea of practical equality between them the wild-
est of all conceivable political delusions. Reason
revolts, the heart shudders, the inmost soul sick- '
ens at the bare conception. I
Things remained in statu quo until the election !
of General Pierce, when the people of Cuba, in ;
common with the friends of human freedom
throughout the world, hailed that auspicious
event as the bright dawning of a new and glo-
rious day in the annals of progress and liberal
opinions. Nor was this feeling of jubilant and
general joy discouraged, or in any degree chas-
tised by the splendid promises of that eloquent
inaugural, which created a whirlwind of enthu-
siasm, such as never before hailed the inspiring
words of any, even the most popular and power-
ful President. Indeed, there seemed to be ample
cause for such universal, hopeful, triumphant
gratulation. For everywhere, but more especi-
ally in the southern States, the question of Cuban
liberation had formed one of the chief and strong-
est issues in the canvass. 1 myself did battle
almost exclusively on that high and fortified
ground in the department of Texas'. And now,
when the victory had been gained, and th  new
Administration came into power afiiidst the blaze
of a sun-burst of glowing, unprecedented popu-
larity, its first official declaration appeared to j as-
tify all the wishes and expectations of the great
progressive party whose influence and suffrages
had given it the ascendency.
Immediately, as if by enchantment, the revo-
lutionary clubs were reorganized all over the
Island of Cuba, the movement including all the
Creole population. They collected money in al-
most fabulous profusion, and dispatched it to
their leaders anu allies in the United States. A
systematic plan of action was devised that could
not possibly have failed of entire success, had
it not been for the extraordinary and unaccount-
able conduct of that very Power on which the
patriots most confidently relied. I mean our own
Government. They counted with certainty, hs
they and all the world besides thought they had
a right to count, upon the sympathy and tacit
approval, or, at least, upon the neutrality of the
Administration at Washington; and acting under
this fatal delusion, their Junta from New York
hastened to pay their respects at the Fedeml city.
They were received with the greatest kindness
and courtesy, and greeted with encouraging cor-
diality by the President. But it was Secretary
Marcy who tendered them the warmest welcome,
and signified a virtual confirmation of their high-
est hopes. To him they made the frank and full
revelation of their plan for the redemption of
their native land. And now mark well the reply
of the politic premier—the answer which will
yet be inscribed on the records of history—" The
people want Cuba, and the Administration, as
the servants of the people, must carry out their
wishes!"
Deceived by this apparently plain and unequiv-
ocal official sanction, the exultant and enthusi-
astic Creoles unwisely dismissed their usual pru-
dence, and disclosed all the minutiiz, even the
modus operandi of their schemes, retaining only
some personal facts which might dangerously
implicate individuals. But of these,too, there is
reason to believe the American Government re-
solved to obtain possession. A short time after-
wards, a mysterious emissary appeared in the
Island of Cuba, claiming to be a coiAmissioner of-
the United States, and authorized to confer with
the chiefs of thj revolutionary party# In that
definite character, this extraordinary agent was
introduced to the principal and central club at
Havana, and by the American consul of the port.
No one doubted—indeed, the most scrupulous Or
skeptical could not well doubt that he was accred-
ited as stated; and as a natural consequence he
mastered every remaining secret of the organiza-
tion, of a personal as well as of apolitical nature.
The fortunes of Cuba—nay, the very liberties
and lives of its brave defenders, were completely
at his mercy, and, perhaps, that of the Adminis-
tration.
The emissary, having accomplished his pur-
pose, whatever that might be, and whether good
or evil, disappeared from the island, returning,
as it may fairly be supposed, to his master at
Washington. At all events, instantly, and as
unexpectedly, a wonderful change came over the
spirit of Mr. Marcy's political dream. His Cuban
sympathy exhaled away like morning dews be-
fore the sunbeam. The Junta were coolly in-
formed that nothing could be done, or even toler-
ated, in favor of their policy. One member of the
Cabinet objected, that they had not chosen the
proper man to lead the movement. Pompous proc-
lamations thundered against the piratical filibus-
ters, who had proved themselves so very pirati-
cal by the election of General Pierce; while
swift-sailing frigates and steamers of war were
dispatched in all haste, to intercept any ill-starred
expedition which might depart from our ports to
alarm the castles, or disturb the luxurious ease
and quiet of the proconsular tyrant.
However, had the denouement of the singular
drama ended here, its perfidy mighty by a great
stretch of clemency, have been excused, or, per-
chance, pardoned. But, alas ! simultaneously
with the apostacy of the Administration, and the
magical metamorphosis of its placid, approving
smiles for the most ominous frowns of anger anr
aversion, an unexampled tragedy of blood and
■ terror was opened on the stage of Cuba. All the
| plans of the revolutionary organization were com-
| municated to the delighted ears of the Captain-
General. Even a list of names containing those
of all the leading and most illustrious patriots was
i laid on his table. As an inevitable result, the
i1 discovery thoroughly aroused the fury of the wild
beast. The chiefs of the contemplated enter-
prise—all who might be considered dangerous to
i the existing despotism by their wealth, talents,
or influence—all whose known opinions or sus-
| pected proclivities rendered them in any degree
odious to the truculent tyrant and his pitiful tools
—all who had friends or relatives engaged in the
glorious scheme of popular liberation, were sub-
jected, without delay or discrimination, to the
horrors of a ruthless and unrelenting persecution
1  were robbed, ruined,garoted, and many of them
exposed to tcirtures of refined cruelty, and to im-
; pnsonment in perpetuity, a doom worse than the
most painful and ignominious death. Nor did
! the general and crushing blow fall alone, or spend
! its infuriate force on the stronger or more resolute
sex. The beautiful dark-eyed daughters of Cuba
! had been ardent enthusiasts in the great cause of
independence. They had stripped the golden
bracelets from their fairy arms—had torn the
starry jewels frorfi the wreaths of their raven
hair, to purchase weapons and munitions of war
for the greatyvork of their country's redemption.
And they, tod, must suffer the penalty. To-day—
oh! foul blot on the printed page of modern civ-
ilization—indelible disgrace and fiery shame to
the solemn mockeries of Spanish justice—these
lovely heroines, who deserved statues of monu-
mental marble, pure and white as the unsunned
snow fresh fallen from its native heaven, and
eternal as the hills from which the granite of their
glory should be hewed by the hand of some
divine artist—yes, to-day, at this very instant,
these angels of liberty, in the most fascinating
forms of bewitching womankind, are clanking
their heavy chains in the depth and darkness of
Spanish dungeons ! And all these atrocious
wro.ngs and outrages resulted from treachery as
atrocious, and far more criminally' revolting.
But who was the traitor ? What wretch insin-
uated himself into Creole confidence to spy out
and sell their secrets—to give the best blood of
their fathers and brothers to the garote, and the
beauty of their wives and sisters to the keeping
of brutal jailers? Shuddering humanity asks the
question. Shall it remain without an answer ?
For myself, I shall accuse no one. The crime,
whoever may have been the perpetrator, stands
almost alone and isolated in the annals of human
infamy, and seems so stupendous as almost to
stagger belief. In surveying the magnitude and
superlative meanness of such An offense, one
needs guard his most just and generous impulses
from undue excitement to the perversion and
discoloring of his calm, collected reason. I can-
not, 'herefore, assume the onerous responsibility
of the arraignment or prosecution of the gigantic
political felon. I will not even draw the first
count of the indictment. I will only state the
fact, and let it pass for what it may be worth,
that the Creoles themselves, who have been so
terribly aggrieved by the treachery, and who
ought, perhaps, to be esteemed the best judges
in the case, lay all the guilt at the door of the.
office appropriated to the high functions .of the
Secretary of State; and they urge in proof of the
grave and aggravated charge, the circumstances
which I have previously detailed, especially the
mission of the secret agent sent, or said to be
sent, from Washington to Havana, and the
sudden, unlooked-fot, and inexplicable change of
tone and spirit in the Federal Cabinet towards
the friends of Cuban freedom, that occurred about
that time. They allege, moreover, that no citizen
of the island could have made the fatal revelation
to the ears of the Captain-General, as none de-
serted the patriotic cause, and none was pro-
moted to honor or influence—the rewards which
i must surely have been accorded to profitable per-
fidy. These cruel accusers go even further, and
: boldly assert, that from the first, the pretended
sympathy of the Secretory was an affected, sham
and delusion to obtairPthe possession of their
plans, and turn common informer for the benefit
of the Spanish court—in short, that he played
the part of a diplomatic Judas to-kiss and betray
them.
Such is the nature of the charge. But although
the circumstantial evidence tending to support the
conclusion, has almost, if not quite, the strength
of what lawyers term a natural presumption,
the moral treason supposed- is so transcendent
that I cannot bring myself to give it credit. And
yet, the probability is too strong for utter disbe-
lief. The mind, therefore, remains in a state of
equilibrium, suspended in the center of a logical
circle, betwixt tw'o presumptions equally violent,
and apparently irresistible. But I am always in-
clined to adopt the most charitable construction
of a criminal case. And I think that the merciful
supposition would be, that the transformation of
the Secretary's ideas and intentions in referenc-
to Cuban liberation, was a real metempsychosis-
one of those instantaneous and astonishing oscil-
lations of policy which have so remarkably dis-
tinguished the present Administration. I do not
deny that even this hypothesis is burdened with
great objections. It still leaves unsolved the sun-
less mystery, the dark riddle of the vailed and
monstrous sphinx—the mission of the secret spy,
or emissary, introduced by the American consul
to the revolutionary club at the port of Havana.
I am, however, less disposed to press this
branch of the general accusation, as the Secre-
tary must be pronounced guilty beyond all ques-
tion on the remainder. He never should have
ventured the explicit encouragement of Cuban
liberation; or, having so ventured, he .should have
kept his pledge in the teeth of every contingency.
And it is because he wavered and wandered from
I the lofty purpose, so dear to every American
■ ijeart that the beautiful queen of the Mexican
Gulf 'lies to-day a bleeding and helpless victim,
