1396
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July &4,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Foreign Policy of the United States—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
loaded with fetters and trampled in the dust be-
neath the scornful feet of a feeble despot.
There has been another and somewhat similar
allegation uttered against the same exalted func-
tionary in a far different quarter, which seems to
confirm, and which, if properly substantiated,
would entirely ejfplain, tne charge of the Cuban
Creoles. It will be remembered that, just before
the sitting of the convention which nominated
General Pierce, Mr. Marcy arrogated to himself
a high degree of credit for having harmonized
the rival factions of the New York Democracy.
It is now said, however, and, so far as I am in-
formed, the fact has not been publicly or author-
itatively disputed, that he effected the hollow and
short-lived coalition by pledging himself solemnly
to the Free-Soil party, that, in the event of his
own nomination and election to the presidential
honors, or in case he should receive a Cabinet
appointment, he would oppose, to the last ex-
tremity, every measure for the annexation of
Cuba, as well as all efforts for the extension of
our territories in a southern direction. I do not
vouch for the truth of this statement; but, ad-
mitting its verity, it would furnish a key for the
solution of his very problematic conduct in the
Cuban policy, as well as in the matters pertaining
to Central America and San Domingo. At all
events, without incurring any imputation as to
the want of common charity or legislative cour-
tesy, I may be permitted to deprecate and deplore
the results of the Secretary's diplomacy. Behold,
. then, the startling fact, the naked and undeniable
reality! We assert the political dictum of the Mon-
roe doctrine. We cherish it as asaored principle,
delightful to ourfeelings, and needful to our safety.
Well, so it is—all that, and a great deal more.
But here, directly before our doors, within the
sweep of our telescopes, if not within the circuit
of our natural vision—in Cuba—in clear and tan-
gible violation and open defiance of .the Monroe
dogma, Great Britain has introdueed, under the
pretext and cover of the mixed commission,
more than half a million of the most dangerous
colonists that ever set foot upon continent or
island, and there she complacently holds them, as
the blind and unreflecting instruments of herwill,
as a perpetual menace and terror to our people.
Besides, since the inchoate and ineffectual revo-
lutions, her power has actually become supreme
over J.he Spanish Government, over the Captain-
General, and over the Winging Creoles. There
is no force of any name or nature left in Cuba to
resist her pleasure. Spain looks to British pro-
tection for the security of the last American jewel
in her crumbling crown; while the unhappy na-
tives of the island, since the rude and treacherous
treatment which they have experienced at our
hands, can have neither faith nor hope in the
United States.
. For my own part, I do not envy either the na-
tional pride or tne patriotism of the man who can
calmly contemplate tile contingency of a war with
Great Britain, while Cuba stands in its present
condition. The island would instantly, and ipso
facto, be tufted into a British possession, as much
•o as Jamaica, or the fortress of Gibraltar. We
should see, in a moment, what Power had the
authority to close the great gate of the Mexican
Gulf against our commerce and all our communi-
cations. The strong harbor of Havana would
be transmuted into a British naval station, whence
tall admirals, and terrible steamers, the iron-
ribbed monsters of the deep, would issue forth to
attack our trade, and to thunder destruction on
all our shores. I do not exaggerate, or paint, for
rhetorical effect, a supposititious or remote prob-
ability. I affirm the fact, well known to all the
world, that for every practical purpose, England
wields to-day a far greater power in Cuba than
she does in Canada; because, in the one case, it
is exercised over a people thoroughly penetrated
with the genius of light, intelligence, and free-
dom; but in the other, over an imbecile Govern-
'ment, and millions of ignorant slaves, savage and
brutal blacks, from the wilds of Africa. These,
to the enormous number of thirteen hundred
thousand, are the fondled and favored wards of
England, while the whites amount to little more
than a third of that sum. And those bloody bar-
barians England can arouse and arm whenever
■he chooses, for the utter extermination of every
Creole in the islaYid. It is no marvel, then, if
Cuba trembles and writhes in the dust, appalled
with horror in the presence of this ghastly phan-
tom, or that she stretches forth her beautiful but
bleeding hands in the crisis and extremity of her
| mortal peril,imploring humbly,earnestly,almost
madly, for help and succor from the only people
on the globe who can avert her doom. Turn not
away, 0 ! turn not away, my country, that for-
lorn yet lovely mourner from your threshold,
•but grant her cordially, liberally, and seasonably,
that sympathy, and moral, or, if necessary, mate-
rial assistance, which justice* generosity, and
every consideration of humanity and self-interest,
alike require in the case.
But there is another region of the earth of far
greater surface than the island of Cuba, and as
intimately connected with our welfare—a terri-
tory conterminous by an immense line with the
southwestern limit of the Union, where the in-
trigues and interference of both England and
France, though more covert, have been equally
insidious and unwarrantable. It will be under-
stood, at once, that I refer to Mexico, that en-
chanted land of gorgeous mines and jeweled
mountains, whose beautiful scenery, and strange,
stirring annals, are alike tinted with the hues of a
wild and wondrous romance. That vast country,
equivalent in extent to the fourth of Europe, or
nearly two thirds of the United States, stretching
fat away, as it does, through twenty-seven degrees
! of north latitude, and touching, on the one side,
| the Titan's bowl of the Mexican bay, on the
I other the golden gulf of California, and the bright
! waters of the Pacific ocean, is fitted, by reason
of countless circumstances, to awaken curiosity,
and inspire the deepest interest in American
bosoms. The variety of its genial climates; the
value and profusion of its natural products; the
almost fabulous abundance of its mineral wealth,
yielding more silver than the rest of the world
besides, and its immediate contiguity to our bor-
i ders, all combine to identify its prosperity and
1 progress with our own. We could not, even if
we would,affect apatfty or feel indifference as to
the course of its destiny as an independent Power.
. And yet, without undue presumption, Pmay be
allowed to. say that a singular degree of igno-
rance exists in the popular mind in relation to
Mexican affairs. Even a certain class of politi-
cians, whenever the subject is referred to, treat it
with scorn, choosing to consider that neighbor-
j ing nation as a society of semi-savages, incapable
i of self-government, or indeed of any stable or
' successful government at all—a people under the
, everlasting rule of anarchy and revolutions, as
j inconstant and uncontrollable as the vfiry vol-
I canoes of the burning soil where they have been
1 born.
| Now, I must declare my utter dissent from any
, -such a partial and prejudiced, though plausible,
view. I believe the grand mass of the Mexican
population to be as docile and tamable under the
reign of legitimate authority as any subjects on
the globe. Indeed, their main characteristic and
fault, as a race, seems to be an excessive facility
of submission to every species of domination.
To what origin, then, it will be asked, must we
attribute their endless and sanguinary insurrec-
tions ? The unfortunate source of all that strife
and disorder, as I apprehend, will be found in the
ambition of the monarchal faction, always power-
ful in Mexico, and "in the cunning intrigues of
European potentates. And the briefest glance at
the pages of Mexican history will fully demon-
strate the proposition. It must never be forgot-
ten that the original revolution in Mexico was not
purely or principally a struggle for political free-
dom, so much as for independence of race and
1 sovereign nationality. The colonial government,
during nearly three centuries of oppression and
misrule, had not tended to infuse among the peo-
ple any ideas of civil liberty. All the viceroys,
with a single exception, were of Spanish birth.
Every post of honor, or of profit, in the gift of
the Crown, devolved on Europeans. No path of
preferment, in the church, the law, or the army,
was open for a Mexican, or even for a Spaniard
Mexican-born. The colonists were strictly for-
bidden to manufacture any article that the mother
country could furnish—to cultivate the vine or
olive, to establish schools, or teach even the
science of mathematics; as they were told, in the
language of the Spanish Government, by an offi-
cial declaration, " That learning did not become
colonies! The viceregal palace' displayed a
splendor of riches and extravagance which might
have shamed the glittering pageants of imperial
courts, the revenues being continually supplied
by legalized plunder. Through this policy arpse
a privileged caste, widely separated from the abo-
riginal inhabitants, as weU as frojn the Mexican
Spaniards, in feelings, habits, and permanent
interests. Nevertheless, there was no attempt
at rebellion or revolution for three hundred years;
and the fact affords tin unanswerable refutation
of the idle theory that the Mexicans are, by na-
ture and constitutional temperament, an ungov-
ernable race  No branch of the Anglo-Saxon or
Celtic families would have endured, for a single
month, what they suffered for so many long cen-
turies of tyranny and torture. However, it could
not be expected that such a system would last
forever. But when the revolution did occur, it
came, not as might have been naturally antici-
pated, from the awakened spirit or strong sense
of injustice, or from the aroused passions of a
crushed'and vindictive population; on the con-
trary, the first flames of insurrection and civil
war were kindled by dissensions in the Spanish
party itself. The causes which led to the event
are well known matters Of history. In 1808, the
freatNapoleon,from the summitofthe Pyrenees,
urled an irresistible avalanche of his victorious
legions into the heart of Old Spain, sweeping
away its effete and impotent dynasty, and set-
tling the crown upon the head of his brother Jo-
seph. When the astounding news of their mon-
arch's dethronement reached the city of Mexico,
the viceroy warmly solicited the aid of the peo-
ple in support of their ancient and legitimate line
of sovereigns; and they as eagerly responded to
the flattering appeal with boundless and enthusi-
astic professions of fidelity and attachment. A
feeling of sympathy and kindness grew up be-
tween the Government and the Creoles; and as a
further means of conciliation, a congress was
instituted, to be composed of deputies from the
different provinces.
But this measure met with vehement opposition
from the European Spaniards, as being an infringe-
ment of their hereditary rights, and a flagrant
derogation from the prerogatives of the Crown.
Accordingly, the court of tne Jludiencia, the high-
est tribunal in the country, to defeat the popular
project', seize'dand imprisoned the Viceroy him-
self, with all his principal friends and adherents;
and the Europeans, having organized what they
were pleased to term " patriotic associations,"in
defense of their exclusive and tyrannical privi-
leges, everywhere took up arms to put down the
Creoles. And that was the cloudy dawn—the
first dark day of the Revolution. Tne violent and
arrogant severity of the Jludiencia increased the
habitual hatred of the natives, so long before en-
tertained towards their European masters, until
at length the immortal parish priest. Hidalgo,
raised the standard of open insurrection in the
little town of Dolores. The rumor of the move-
ment was received generally with intense satis-
faction. The warliko curate, Moreles, rivaled
the patriotic devotion of his religious brother;
and the flames of rebellion, if such a word might
be applied to a nation battling for their natural
liberties, at once extended to all the provinces.
From that date, until 1818, the contest raged with
various extraordinary changes of fortune, when
the revolution appeared to be extinguished, both
Hidalgo and Moreles having, in the mean time,
suffered a barbarous death at the hands of the
merciless foe, and their heroic successor, Victo-
ria, being then an abandoned and solitary exile
in the wildest recesses of the mountains.
The country now remained under the galling
yoke of despotism until 1820,when the constitu-
tional Government established in Spain, produced
in Mexico a very different effect from what might
well have been predicted. A more liberal sys-
tem of administration and greater freedom ol the
electoral franchise were generously gran ted to the
Provinces. But again, as in the former instance,
these acts of grace and justice provoked a bitter
and clamorous opposition; and again, the re-
, sistance and aggression originated with uie old
