1300
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 24,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Foreign Policy of the United States—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
You perceive the great whole of humanity broken
up into fragments, and scattered afar, apparently
without aim or order, round the irregular surface
of islands and continents — separated by lakes,
rivers, and measureless seas — sundered by sav-
age mountains, and wastes of desert sand; but
more than all, b.v national prejudices—the fierce
antipathies of different religions, governments,
and laws. Everywhere you witness hostilities,
hatreds, wars, so that you are tempted to doubt
the possibility of any future harmony among such
elements of endless discord, and almost despair
for the destiny of man. What principle of affin-
ity or coalescence shall bring together these re-
puisory masses—these opposing nations and races
—in a permanent and profitable contact of friend-
ship and peace ?
Behold the power of social attraction in the
spirit of commerce! This alone can draw the
people of divided or distant countries towards
each other, and evolve the beauty of systematic
order, with the precious principle of progressive
movement, out of the deep chaos and wild war
which reign over the adverse communities of the
world. Each geographical locality of the globe
is distinguished by some peculiar characteristic
of vegetable, mineral, or animal wealth. One pro-
duces cotton, or coffee, and another corn. This
soil is rich in silver, that coast contains pearls,
and the rocks of yonder mountain glitter with
grains of gold. The torrid land of eternal sum-
mer yields tropical fruits, while the snows of the
frozen north teem with furs and wool. No region,
however, is omniferous. But man, the common |
inhabitant of each, is omnivorous and all neces-
sitous. His insatiable desires and urgent wants
demand whatever can charm the eye, please the
palate, or gratify the luxurious nerves ot the other
senses. He yearns for articles of food, or orna-
ments of fashion, that can only come across the
ocean or continent, from the antipodal distance
of the earth's diameter. And here you perceive
the natural and necessary cause, the law of God '
Himselfwwhich originated commerce.
Now look at the consequences. In order to
traverse remote countries, or to engage in trade
with different races, navigationmust be invented,
languages must be studied, and formal or tacit
treaties of friendship must be cemented betwixt
the intercommunicating people. Very soon the i
mere friction of habitual contact wears away the j
rude angular asperities of ignorance and national
prejudice, and a feeling of sympathy and union
supervenes in the pleasant consciousness of re-
ciprocal profit. Thus, in the very faqt of their
dispersion, which seemed to sever them as widely
as the poles, has Providence interpolated a pro-
vision for the ultimate cohesion and concord of
the human species. From these .considerations,
the absolute right of free commercial intercourse
among all the nations of the earth follows, as
an irresistible corollary, because the Deity has
not implanted any natural propensity in the con-
stitution of his creatures, with the impossibility
of gratification, to be the means of useless tor-
ture; and the wants and wishes of the race, the
greatest happiness of the greatest number, must
now be recognized as the sole measure of social
and political right and wrong. !
Let me now turn to a country where you will
find the most noble and ample field for the appli-
cation of these fruitful principles. I allude to the
great islands and fairy islets that gem the Eastern
Archipelago, enveloped and floating, as it were,
in the waters of both the Pacific and Indian
oceans, and the luminous sea of China. There
lies the ancient land, perhaps the very cradle of
the human race, yet now almost utterly unknown
and isolated. It is tinged with the colors of
classical allusion and covered with the gorgeous
mist of romance and imagination, like a sort of
elfin paradise or Eden of the waves. It is that
other world which the wonderful genius of Alex-
ander the Great wisely wept to behold and con-
quer, but in vain. Glance at your map. How
lovely it looks!—that imperial expanse so justly
called Oceanica, for the liquid territories of the
globe can present no other such grand pictorial
grouping of islands and island-continents. To
realize its full effect, suppose yourself endowed
with telescopic powers of vision, and take your
stand on the summit of the Crystal Mountains in
Borneo, the largest of the insular circle. You are 1
surrounded everywhere by a magnificent pano- !
rnma of peninsulas and islands, like magical de-
vices or fairy frostwork of the sea, as if the very >
waves, agitated by the breath of Heaven, had '
been suddenly crystalized into forms of ineffable
beauty. Beneath your feet is Borneo, almost a
continent in itself, being nine hundred miles in
length and eight hundred in breadth—that is to
say, as vast in extent as from Maine to Virginia,
and from the Atlantic sea-board to the shores of
the great lakes, and with a population of at least
four millions of souls. Nor is this broad terri-
tory a barren or unproductive domain. It abounds
in ricc, yams, betel, spices, and all the luxuri-
ant fruits of India. Wild bees fill i.s forests with
wax and honey, and among its crystal caverns
the salangii«e swallow builds its edible nests.
Its coasts are rich in pearl and mother-of-pearl,
and its mountains sparkle with precious stones.
Some idea may be conceived of its wealth in
diamonds from the fact that the petty prince of
Maltan owns a single one worth a million and
two hundred thousand dollars, while gold is
found in quantities that seem absolutely fab-
ulous. There, too, the female form develops
its most sensual fascinations, and the Indian
dancing-girls bewilder even a European eye by
the artistic evolutions of their agility and grace.
Marvel not at this, for you are in the land of
everlasting summer, the far-famed and fiery i
Orient, where the very sunbeams appear to sow !
the earth with jewels, as it were a rain of stars.
Now look towards the east; beyond Celebes,
and a little south of the flaming equator, you
discover Papua, or New Guinea, nearly equal to
Borneo in superficial measurement and the num-
ber of its inhabitants. See its soaring mountains 1
rise above each other, in three successive ranges, J
until their volcanic summits pierce the regions of
eternal snow; thus combining, in the same lati-
tude, all the varieties of torrid, temperate, and
polar climates. On this side of Papua, you be-
hold Celebes, that strange family of five' penin-
sulas—the smallest of which is as large as New
Jersey—with three millions of people, the elite
of the Archipelago. There, as in the rest of the
gorgeous cluster, the green leaf never fades, and
flowers and fruit blend their charms around the
glowing circle of the seasons. Gaze, then, to-
wards the west, where Sumatra sleeps like an
island of enchantment on the shining waters. It
is as large as all our eastern States, with New ,
York added to them, and contains a population j
of four million Malays. Its outlines are pictur-
esque in the extreme, being a thousand miles in
length to only one hundred and sixty in breadth,
with the most sublime mountain scenery, relieved
by visions of lovely lakes and valleys of inde-
scribable beauty. It is celebrated for its tin, iron,
copper, and gold, with all the vegetable glory of
its oceanic sisters. Turn, next, towards the
south; to the coffee-fields and spice-forests of
Java. It has about the extent of Cuba, and is
peopled by eleven millions of the most docile and
industrious race in that part of the eastern hem- ;
isphcre. In its splendid groves, palms and cocoa !
trees tower up to the height of a hundred and !
fifty feet, and the soil is of such astonishing fer-
tility as to render the labor of tillage almost un-
necessary. Sweep again t|>e jeweled circle of the
surrounding seas, and you find not less than a
hundred other islets, each, on an average, as spa-
cious as Delaware. The whole of the Archi-
pelago, with the internal straits, passages, and
bays, constitute an area as great as that of the
United States, with all our vast Territori«s, and
swarms with an active and energetic population
of at least twenty-seven millions of souls, accord-
ing to the most recent and accurate data.
The soil of these islands being of volcanic ori-
gin, and situated under a tropical sun, is wonder-
fully fertile. Two, or even three crops of rice,
the staple article of food, may be grown in the
1 same year. The little Isle of Bali, which is not
more than sixty miles long and forty-five broad, is
peopled by nearly a million of inhabitants, and ex-
ported , last season, fifty tons of rice to China, and
three thousand cattle, of the small buffalo breed,
to various Indian ports. The natives of this di-
minutive State are as warlike as they are labori-
ous in their habits, and have successfully resisted
the cruel encroachments of the Dutch. Of coffee
and sugar, the well-known products of Java,
the exports, the preceding year, amounted to
$35,000,000; pepper, the staple of Sumatra, with
camphor, gutta percha, cassia, aloes, and its
precious woods, yields a revenue of $15,000,000
annually. Borneo sends abroad the worth of
§10,000,000 in gold, diamonds,and othervaluable
articles. However, as a large portion of the trade
in all these islands is in Chinese, or inter-insular
hands, there are no sufficient data to determine its
precise valuation.
The sum total of exports from that segment of
the archipelagic circle under the administrative
control of the Dutch, and which is about one
third of the whole, has been stated in official re-
turns at $45,000,000, and yields to the Govern-
ment of Holland a clear income of $9,000,000, by
which she is enabled to pay the interest of her
enormous national debt. And thus the political
power of the Hague is only saved from utter
bankruptcy and ruin by the coffee of Java, the
pepper of Sumatra, the tin of Banca, and the
precious spices of the Moluccas. From the rest
of the Archipelago, as yet unaffected by the ap-
| proaches of European domination, it is supposed
that the active traders of China, Muscat, and
other countries, who swarm in those placid seas
j with their junks, prahus, and light feluccas, carry
: on a commerce in gam's, spices, edible birds'
| nests, betel, oil, cocoa-nuts, pearls, gold, and all
I the delicious fruits of India, to an amount not
less than (50,000,000. So the trade altogether of
Europeans and natives will exceed $100,000,000.
1 But yet it must be manifest that scarcely a tenth
part of the resources and almost fabulous wealth
of those rich islands has been developed. New
Guinea, which is nearly four times as large as
Java, produces annually but one or two millions,
while the latter presents #40,000,000. Indeed, the
greatest jewel of this oceanic diadem is quite a
recent discovery, and remains for the most part
entirely unknown. Its inexhaustible treasures
are buried in its own deep forests, and have not
been touched by European hands.
England, usually so forward in maritime enter-
prises, would long ago have grasped the commerce
of these great islands, if she had not been com-
pelled by the other Powers, on the pacification of
Europe in 1816, to leave them under the nominal
jurisdiction of the Dutch. France has been too
, much absorbed in her dynastic revolutions and
j wars of ambition to prosecute any grand scheme
I of oriental acquMtrontfc Moreover, as an able
, writer in the Revue des Deux Monies has observed:
" It is the interest of continental Europe to defend Hol-
I land in her possessions in the Indian ocean, as a barrier
against the encroachments or the Anglo-Saxon race in Aus-
tralia and India, and now pressing onwards from the Pacific
I borders of America."
j ■ Thus, as that intelligent traveler, Captain Gib-
[ son, has remarked:
I " The Dutch alone have gained a foothold in the East
Indian archipelago; but impotent by nature to conquer or
I destroy the wealth they so much covet, they have done little
I more than to menace the shores of these islands with a
shadowy aud unsubstantial power."
The fUrther and full cultivation of this prolific
field is held in reserve by Providence for the
genius of Americans. * The American character
has already found an access to the oriental confi-
dence, which has never been accorded to Euro-
pean intercourse. Our commercial policy, aiming
rather to enrich than to ruin, is well calculated to
insure this result. England will fail to convince
the most credulous people of Asia, that her friend- v
ship seeks not the spoils of their industry while
all India lies prostrate and bleeding at ner feet.
Holland has evinced still more ruthless barbarity
in her dealings with the natives of the archipelago.
But America alone can proudly point out to the
East a brilliant example of the beauty of her prin-
ciples and generous moderation of ner power, in
the enlightenment and regeneration of the Sand-
wich Islands; while the fact seems still ^ore
striking, from its remarkable contrast with the
wretched condition of the military possessions of
both England and France at the Marquesas ana
Society groups. Nevertheless, our enterprising
sons have not yet dared to venture within the
charmed circle of Dutch exclusion. 1 hey nave
feared even to travel where they had a perfect
right to trade—among the beautiful islands of that
