1896.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1301
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Foreign Policy of the United States—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
free Indian ocean. The merchant of Boston or
Salem, proceeding through the Straits of Sunda
or Malacca, on his way to China, is not allowed
to pause and penetrate the bays and harbors of
thatgorgeous group inviting his attention, without
coming in collision with the maritime police of the
Netherlands, which incessantly watches those
■eas, and with no more foundation in natural right
or national law than Danish toll or Algerine trib-
ute. Our traders entertain the common opinion
of the whole country, that whatever outrage they
mightsuffer must be submitted to in silence,with-
out the hope of redress from their own Govern-
ment, or only after so long delay and so much im-
portunity and expense as would render the cost
of reparation equivalent to the orginal wrong.
There is a pointed instance of this fact now
under the consideration of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. Captain Walter M. Gibson, an
American traveler of great genius, intelligence,
and intrepidity, five years ago set sail in his own
vessel to explore the islands of the Indian seas,
and pioneer a way for American commerce. In
the exercise of his undoubted right, he proceeded
to visit the interior of Sumatra, and entered into
amicable relations with the native and independ-
ent chieftains, for the purpose of securing import-
ant commercial advantages to his country. His
entire career presents the unusual spectacle of a
warm love for enlightened adventure, tempered
by a philosophic spirit, and the most genial
humanity in ardent sympathy with the species
under whatever conditions of custom, religion,
or race. He remembered that the leading mari-
time nations of Europe had tried their skill in the
Cast on the principles of terror and subjugation, j
without the attainment of any distinguished or
honorable success, and he desired to see what '
could be effected by the American policy of friend-
ship, affinity, and soothing assimilation. And
Captain Gibson's experience opens a luminous
ana enlarged vista into the future of our relations
with that lovely quarter of the world, which looks
almost like a dream of glory of the strangest en- !
chantment. We are now enabled to realize why
it was that the Dutch Government exerted all its '
strength and cunning to close the eyes of civilized
Powers from these scenes of oriental magnificence
and wonderful wealth. And we can see, besides,
what a grand mistake they committed in trans-
forming the mere curious traveler into a martyr
for native independence, thus conferring upon an
American, who never thought of such a distinc- .
tion, an extraordinary influence qver & people*,,;
who are now led to believe that, j|i some manner,
his fate was blended with their awn.
And from the gloomy prison of Weltevreden !
comes a calm but earnest voice, bespeaking for the
oppressed Malay a better opinion and a warmer
sympathy than he has received from the cruel
and avaricious European traders; and I sadly mis-
judge the temper of the times, if this voice does
not awaken a permanent interest among all the
humane and cultivated of this country, and the
whole of Christendom. The Malays are truly a
remarkable race, and possess many attributes
capable of exalted and indefinite improvement.
They have adopted the religion and language of
the Arabs, and mingled with them by intermar-
riage until they have become separated from their
original stock, and form a distinct nationality.
In their physical appearance, they are lithe and
nervous, with eyes full of.fire, brilliancy, and
passionate enthusiasm. Their prowess amounts
to desperation, and all their emotions are lively
and impetuous. Nor have they been unknown
to history. In the thirteenth century they acted
a splendid part on the theater, of Asia, both in
•war and commerce, founding a great empire in
Malacca, and conquering or colonizing most of ■
the Indian islands. But at present their nobility j
are divided by a barbarous feudal system; and
the inherent energies of the race have been long 1
repressed by the intolerable despotism of the i
Dutch proconsular regime. ]
But before I conclude this subject, let me take i
another and wider sweep around the circle of
those jeweled seas. Yonder, far away to the
West, are ,the cinnamon woods of Ceylon, that
cradle of the ancient worship of Buddha. In its
•oil lie imbedded twenty different kinds of pre-
cious stones, such as the ruby, sapphire, and i
| flaming amethyst; while silver and gold glitter
almost as plenteous as pebbles in the beds of its
; gushing streams; and every*forest is laden with
the deliciousfiuits of the tropics. Above it may
be seen the grand peninsular of India like the
angle of an acute triangle thrust far out into the
ocean , betwixt the famous bay of Bengal and the
Arabian sea. Still nearer your stand-point of
Borneo's crystal mountains, in the direction of j
the northwest, you behold a narrow peninsula I
more than a thousand miles in length, resem- '
bling an immense sword, the sharp end of which
almost touches Sumatra. That is Malacca, the
old land of the Malays. Now look towards the
East, beyond Celebes, and you discover the :
resplendent Spice Islands, the clove trees of Am-
boyna, and the nutmegs of Banda. Everywhere I
you see the gorgeous group teeming with cocoas
and bread fruit, and with all the luxuries of the
voluptuous East. The very air is a sweetened ■ ]
ocean of intoxicating perfumes; and the brilliant j
birds of Paradise gild the groves with their rain-
bow plumage. Or, gaze northwards, far away,
at the lovely family of the Philippines, twelve
hundred in number, all rich in rice, coffee, gold, :
silver, and in every flower and fruit of the tropics, j
At every point you may behold the symbols
of English, French, Spanish, or Dutch domina- ;■
tion; for all these Powers own ports and posses-
sions in the Indian seas; but still nowhere can i
you discover the starry flagof republican freedom i
waving in the fragrant winds which blow from j
these islands of the Blest. Why is this? How
shall we aocount for ao strange an anomaly as ,
this perverse exclusion of American authority
and enterprise from the golden gates and flower-
gardens of the Orient ? Has the cruel partiality
of our English parents, or the stern injustice of
our elder brothers in Europe, monopolized and
divided out the globe, by their favorite rule of
primogeniture, leaving no dower for the young-
est and the most beautiful child in the great
family of nations and races? If such be their
wild intention, the crazy will must be revoked.
The entire testament should be set aside, and
declared null and void, as contrary to the funda-
mental laws—the higher decrees of Providence.
The palates of our people must be allowed to
taste the nectarine fruits of God that grow on
those far-off Indian trees. Our adventurous sons
must be Buffered to carry the blessings of religion
and civilization into the ever-blooming bosom 8r
each lovely island—to ren4ec them, one and all,
rad«a  . WHh/«.aj^aior sweeter than the sunlight,
and brighter thanthe stars. The modest maidens
of America have an equ&l right with any queens
of the other hemisphere to the golden ore of Su-
matra, and the flashing diamonds of Borneo, to
adorn their native beauty, and gem their bridal
.hair. j
But it should never be forgotten that every great
movement in the march of humanity involves far
higher considerations than the sordid gains of
commerce—than any mere material advancements
or acquisitions, however interesting, permanent,
or imposing. Philanthropy and religion alike
regard the moral and intellectual wants of the
species as inconceivably more important than
their physical prosperity. Nor can the system-
atic design, the plan and purpose of an overruling
and a mysterious Providence, be doubted, to ele-
vate and civilize the inferior and savage races of
mankind, through the agency and instrumentality
of those further promoted in mental polish and
social improvement. I say it, with all the- rever-
ence of a firm belief, there can be no other means
imagined, without a miracle,for the universal, or
even general, exaltation of human kind. '
Interrogate history. The annals of the world
prove, beyond the possibility of.a contradiction,
that no single people, by their own inherent ac-
tivity, or self-originated impulses, ever yet inaug-
urated the reign of progress. On- the contrary,
the first precious seeds of every grand civilization
have always been borne from abroad. Rome re-
ceived her early arts and literature from Greece,
as the isles of the Grecian archipelago had de- I
rived even the letters of their alphabet from Egypt
and Phoenicia. All the northern European nations, :
the Gauls, Celts, and Germans, remained in the j
midnight of ignorance, superstition, and unmiti- j
gated barbarism, until brought into contact, and ||
mingled and melted, as it were, with the elements
of Roman refinement. And every triumph of
Christianity on the surface of the globe has been
preceded or accompanied by conquests of a secu-
lar character, by the inroads of science, of com-
merce, of the arts, or of arms. The unaided mis-
sionary, however ardent his zeal, may never hope
to convert the Pagan world. All the united forces
of Christian civilization must concur in the labor.
And it is precisely on this ground that I would
urge the extension of a large and enlightened for-
eign policy to all parts of the earth, and more
especially to the great Indian archipelago, that
wonderful flower-garden and physical paradise
of the globe. I would have thrown open an
intercourse, to us of the utmost profit, and to
them of everlasting gain. For the nectar and
ambrosia of their tropical fruits, I would barter
the bread of an immortal life; and as a double
compensation for all their gems and gold, I would
interstar the gorgeous oriental imagination with
the beautiful truths of our science, and the bril-
liant, the boundless hopes of our most holy and
heavenly religion. And, indeed, who can cal-
culate the future riches of that wide and inviting
field for the work of the Christian missionary,
when the precious grain shall become white for
the harvest? How every crystal mountain, and
valley of smiling green, will ring with the chimes
of the church-bell, and hum with village schools!
One can almost fancy how the very winds, as
they whisper through the cinnamon-gardens, and
the light waves, as they baptize with snowy foam
the jeweled rocks of the coral reefs, will murmur
songs of redemption ! How the voice of prayer
and praise will roll around the circle of those
sunny isles, from Cape Comorin to the fair Mo-
luccas, and from the coffee-groves of Java to the
tropic of cancer, until all the regions of the fiery
equator shall catch the music of the echo, and
resound with the hymns of heaven! And then,
perhaps, shall powers and pictures of civilization
be developed and realized, in that old world of
the Malays, with their burning imaginations and
volcanic temperaments, more grand and glorious
than ever dawned on a poet's dream.
But, while touching this magnificent topic, I
must confess my obligation, and thus, in some
faint degree, liquidate the. large de]?t which all
ChristendomiftSfces intrepid traveler of our
owji eowntry. From him and from his writings I
obtained the preceding glance into the enchanted
circle of oriental insular life. I know not what
impression the record he has made may have
effected in America; but every American patriot
should be truly gratified that its thrilling pictures
and noble words have met with a warm, and even
enthusiastic welcome across the great water;
where a leading London journal has paid to our
traveler and author, Captain Walter M. Gibson,
a compliment as distinguished as it was well de-
served. % •
Unfortunately, however, as a just cause of
humiliation to our national pride, the same Amer-
ican hand, which unmasked to American eyes
the splendor of that eastern vision, also revealed,
ipso facto, the cringing and pitiful policy of our
own Government. Without the least shadow of
justification, or the pretext of an excuse, Captain
Gibson was incarcerated in a Dutch dungeon, by
the colonial authorities, where he languished for
months, and whence he escaped only with his life,
by the brave and generous assistance of a Malay
heroine. An American citizen, in the peaceful
pursuits of commerce and scientific curiosity, was
plundered, imprisoned, and menaced with death;
and yet, up to the present moment, the Admin-
istration has not found the courage to seek the
proper redress. Does any one suppose, that if
such an outrage had been perpetrated against an
English subject, the English Goveitunent would
have thus acquiesced without awiurmurThe
very idea is simply ridiculous. Then, why
should we manifest a spirit more humble sub-
mission, and yield oursfcl^es up the passive vic-
tims of foreign scorn, as defiant as it is injurious
to the interests of our trade ?
Having previously indicated the magnitude
and vast dimensions of our external relations with
all the Powers of the earth, it remains for me
to grapple more sternly than I have yet done,
with the great practical question as to what
