1304
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 24,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Foreign Policy of the United States—Mr. Ewns.
Ho. of Reps.
of perpetual allegiance as a relic of barbarism
and brutal domination. Atall events, the United
States stand committed to a different doctrine,
and must, therefore, uphold the natural right of
expatriation in all its amplitude and force; for,
only by the exsrcise of that right has the conti-
nent itself been peopled—a right which is recog-
nized in our laws of naturalization, and which is
confirmed by the regulations of both the Army
and the Navy. In truth, the feudal maxim was
never anything more than a vain abstraction,
since no Government in the civilized world ever
essayed its execution in fact.
Trace, then, for a moment, the consequences
of this principle. Every free citizen, at his option,
may renounce all political connection with his
own country, and uri4(e himself with the people
of any other, who may choose to receive him.
But is the latter clause of the sentence, which
fixes a limitation on the generality of the whole
proposition, necessary to its logical validity and
truth ? Cannot the subject of one nation become
the member of another, without the consent of
the new society which he desires to enter ? I
reply, without the least uncertainty, that he can-
not. And this follows as an inevitable corollary
from every theory of the social compact, and
from the principles of sovereignty and national
independence. There can be no .axiom better
established as a fundamental in universal law,
than the prerogative of every community to refuse
the privilege of citizenship to any and ail foreign-
ers, at the discretion of the Government. A con-
trary doctrine would involve deductions too ridic-
ulous for exposure by argument.
Now, as a necessary oonclusion from the fore-
going premises, it must be admitted that the
subjects of one country have no right to force
their institutions on the independent people of
any other nation; for, if they cannot wrest by
violence, from a foreign Government, even the
minor privilege of a perfect membership in its
society, much less can they arrogate the power
of dictation to determine its constitution, or to
modify its laws. And here, I must express my
utter "dissent, toto cctlo, from the wild opinions
of the Red Republicans, whether in Europe or
America. I deny altogether that we are entitled,
upon any principles of justice, reason, or expedi-
ency, to propagate liberty or democracy by, the
sword. I deny this dangerous and revolution-
ary right to the Government, and to all the peo-
ple ; and I protest against the interpolation of any
such fanatical dogma inter the natural doctrine of
voluntary expatriation, which would only render
it revolting to the cojpmon sense of mankind.
I concede the fact, and avow it as my cherished
belief, that the subjects of any country may join
themselves to another nation, if the latter be
■willing to adopt them; and that, in such case, they
may take part in its civil wars, or engage in hos-
tilities against foreign Powers, as freely and fully
as any native of the land to which they may have
emigrated—but always provided they shall have
previously renounced their original allegiance,
and thus cut off all ties of connection with the
Government of their birth. And men may elect to
pursue this course from a variety of motives—
from self-interest, or the abstract love of liberty,
or from the high and holy impulses of a generous
philanthropy to aid a suffering people writhing
in the dust under the iron harrow of tyrants and
their armed tools.
But reason, and even the etymological import
of the word expatriate, require another and further
qualification of this natural doctrine. To exercise
the right, the citizen must also exert the power.
He must couple the fact with the intention, so as
to place himself literally ex patria—that is to say,
actually beyond the jurisdiction, both civil and
political, of his native sovereign.- He is not so
while in the Army or Navy, or anywhere within
the territorial limits of his own original Govern-
ment. This point, when once stated, seems too evi-
dent for comment; and yet, singular to say, it has
been quite overlooked on both sides of the contro-
versy; for it must be evident, that, without this
essential limitation—if a subject might abjure his
allegiance, anywhere, or at any moment—logical
conclusions destructive to all national and legiti-
mate authority would result. No Government
would be sovereign within its own boundaries, for
the expatriated class must form an exception.
The admiral might carry away the nation's fleet,
and carry it lawfully, into the ports of the enemy;
while in the crisis of a conflict on the land in some
great battle, when the very existence of a country
defended on the issue, the general-in-chief, or his
subordinates, or any number of the soldiery,
might suddenly exclaim: " We will stand this
storm of shotand shell, of steel and fire, no longer
—huzza for the right of expatriation !" and then
instantly turn their arms against the banners of
theirnative land! It follows, also, from the qual-
ification last mentioned, that the principle of expa-
triation does not confer any power on the citizen
to compromise the pacific relations of his own
Government, or to perform one act o'f hostility on
its soil, without the authority of some command
or permission expressed in the forms of law. All
such conduct is an offense against the independent
sovereignty of the country, as well as against the
public code of nations, and may and should be
punished in that character.
I am compelled, therefore, though with much
diffidence and the greatest respect, to declare my
disbelief in the doctrines promulgated some time
ago on this floor by the distinguished member
from Mississippi,* on the subject of our statutes
for the preservation of American neutrality. It
is true, I yield my hearty assent to the first of
his general premises—that Congress, under the
Constitution, has no power to create offenses,
against the law of nations, but only to define and
punish such as were known and recognized at
the epoch of our independence, by the public
code of Europe, or such as may grow out of
treaties legally consummated. Thus far we agree.
But I dissent altogether from his minor proposi-
tion, which affirms certain preparations for ag- |
gressive hostilities by the subjects of a neutral j
sovereign within his own jurisdiction, and against
the territories of a friendly Power, to accord both
with a state of neutrality, and the established
rules of the law of nations. On the contrary, I
regard them to be wholly incompatible with
either; and I will now proceed to detail my reasons
for this judgment.
In the first place, I must remark that the sole
authority cited by the gentleman'as favoring his
assumptions, was that of Vattel, and this did not
seem to me coextensive with his own latitudina-
rian position either in length or breadth. How-
ever, let that pass; for, although the gentleman
has seen proper to ignore the fact, it is neverthe-
less certain, that the absurd and unsupported
dictum of Vattel on the point under discussion,
has been totally discredited and discarded by ail.
recent writers, and among the rest, by both Mr.
Manning and Chancellor Kent. (See Manning's
Com., p. 180.)
Kent broadly asserts, " that it is an essential
"character of neutrality to furnish no aids to one
party, which the neutral is not equally ready to
furnish to the other." And he quotes, with cor-
dial approbation, the rule laid down by Mr. Man-
ning, " that foreign levies may not be allowed to
one belligerent, while refused to his antagonist,
consistently with the duties of neutrality, unless
such an exclusive privilege was granted f>y treaty
antecedent to the war. (1 Kent's Com., p.
116.)
Again: The same eminent American author re-
affirms the principle in other and stronger terms:
"That no use of neutral territory, for the pur-
poses of war, can be permitted; and that no
proximate acts of war are to be allowed to origin-
ate in any manner on neutral ground." (1 Kent
Com., p. 118.)
The same doctrine was judicially declared in
the English courts in the leading case of the
Twee Gebroeders, and the decision has never been
shaken, or even criticised, to the present hour.
(5 Rob. Rep., p. 373 )
This rule has also received the highest sanction
of the American Government. Mr. Jefferson ap-
proved it in his letter to Mr. Tennant of the 15th
of May, 1793; while the American commission-
ers to the court of France—Benjamin Franklin,
Silas Dean, and Arthur Lee—by their circular,
in 1793, to the commanders of American vessels,
extended the principle to all captures and acts of
* General Quitman.
a hostile nature, even " within sight of a neutral
coast."
In Dewutz t>s. Hendricks, 9 Moore's C. R.
Rep. 586, it was held " to be contrary to the law
of nations for persons residing in England to
enter into engagements to raise money, by way
of loan, for the purpose of supporting the sub-
jects of a foreign State in arms against a Govern-
mentin friendship with England, and that no legal
right of action attached upon any such contract."
And the same doctrine was avowed by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, in Mr. Pickering's
letter to Messrs. Pinckney, Marshall, and Gerry,
of March 2,1798.
Indeed, with the strange and solitary exception
of "Vattel, whom Chancellor Kent justly charac-
terizes as " a loose writer, and not sufficiently
supported by the authority of precedents"—all
the modern treatises, and the adjudications of
every enlightened tribunal in Europe "and the
United States, alike concur in the maxim, that no
preparations for aggressive war, and no proxi-
mate acts of hostility against a friendly Power,
can be tolerated in neutral territory, in accord-
ance with the law of nations. And therefore, on
that question, the opinion of Vattel, as cited by
the member from Mississippi, is completely su-
perseded and null. And his minor premise failing,
the whole superstructure of deduction founded on
it topples to the dust, crushed by its own weight,
mole ruit sua. In fact, from its self-evident jus-
tice, as well as manifest expediency, one might
well suppose that the rule of equal and impartial
neutrality should be considered as an axiom of
common sense. For, if persons could be permit-
ted to prepare armaments or digest hostile expe-
ditions on neutral soil, the Power against which
they were intended to act must have the corre-
sponding right to enter the ports and invade the
jurisdiction of the neutral sovereign, and destroy
them in limine before they might be ready to
march or sail; and thus there might, and would
be, presented the political contradiction of war
and peace within the same divided State. The
adoption of the honorable gentleman's policy
would be the end of all neutrality. If I could go
as far as he does, I would even venture a step
further, and advocate an utter repeal of the law
of nations. With a grand flourish of trumpets,
with the flutter of blood-red banners, and the
firing of cannon, I would install in the highest
dignity of a national maxim, on the records of
Coogrea^, t^,e,terrible lines of Lucan—
" Mensuraque juris
Vis erat."
And then I would give the sanguinary sentence
a free translation, and send Soule to publish it;
around the world: "American might is the only
principle of American right!"
• There is but one outlet by which the gentleman
can escape from the conclusion of all the autho-
rities that I have previously quoted, and a hun-
dred others which I have not time to mention;
and that would be, to contend that neutral sub-
jects have the right to perform acts within a neu-
tral jurisdiction, to prepare hostile enterprises,
which the neutral sovereign himself could not do.
This, however, would be too monstrous an ab-
surdity for any logical or even sane intellect to
broach. Besides, as the Constitution has wisely
conferred on the National Legislature the exclu-
sive power to declare war, that delegation of au-
thority, ipso facto, operates, by necessity, aS a
perfect negative against the right to originate any
nostile enterprise or movement on the part of
either the States or the people; and hence such
actions might well be punished as offenses against
Federal sovereignty, and the fundamental law of
the Constitution, as well as crimes against the
law of nations.
Finally, to borrow the language of Mr. Web-
ster, then Secretary of State, in his official letter
to Lord Ashburton of April 21, 1841 : " It is a
manifest and gross impropriety for individuals to
engage in the civil conflicts of other States, and
j thus be at war while their Government is at peace;
and that the salutary doctrine of non-interven- .
! tion by one nation with the affairs of others is
i liable to be essentially impaired, if, while the Gov-
ernment refrains from interference, interference
j is still allowed to its subjects, individually or in
j masses."
