1366
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 24,
34th Cqnc..«1st Sess.
Foreign Policy o f the United iStatet—Mr. Evans.
Ho. op Reps.
a slock to lie down in silent submission under
everlasting wrong and utter ignominy. They
were Americans; and, having recovered their in-
dependence, nothing could be more natural than
their desire to seek communion in the great family
of American States. Annexation was the effect,
equally as natural, fo r there never was a Power on
the globe that would have turned coldly ordisdain-
fully away from an offering so magnificent as all
the wealth of those rare Texan cotton fields; and
then the war followed 9a a necessary consequence,
not from American aggression, but of Mexican
obstinacyand stupidity. Such is the entire his- ,,
tory of Texan annexation affecting the point
under view; and it furnishes no countenance to
the English charge as to unfairness, or any man-
ner of injustice, in the transaction. Nor is there
the slightest particle of proof, either here or else-
where,, that Americans nave that insatiable appe-
tite for territorial acquisitions which is attributed
to them by their enemies, and more particularly
by those who are themselves so obnoxious to a
terrible recrimination. In every light it ill be-
comes the tyrant of India, and the oppressor of
Ireland, to bandy epithets about usurpation in
America.
I would submit, however, with perfect assur-
ance, to the earnest consideration or every intelli-
gent man, whether European or American, that
the same rigid abstinence from all interference in
the internal concerns of other States, which the#
law of nations enjoins between the superior'
Powers of the civilized world, cannot in the very
nature of things be susceptible of a like extensive
and exclusive application to the case of the infe-
rior—savage, colored, or mixed—races of either
the eastern or western hemisphere. And I might
urge, as the unanswerable evidence of .this neces-
sary qualification, that it acoords with the practice
of all the great and enlightened Governments on
the surface of the globe, whether ancient or
modern. What European nation has treated the
red tribes of the American continent aa equal and
independent, or conceded to them their claim of
savage sovereignty ever" the wilderness ? Nor
couldttei, indeed, have been admitted, without
leaving the forests of the New World to be eter-
nally a frightful desert of wiid beasts and bar-'
bar oils men.
But I will adduce another, and, if pasMblet4tiil
more striking example, as demonstrative proof
of the principle which I have indicated. I will
point to a country of immense extent, and almost
fabulous population, to be reckoned only in enor-
mous numbers by the hundred million—to gov-
ernments fixed from unknown and indefiniteages,
and "so firmly fixed as to appear immovable—to
antique sciences, arts, philosophies', literature,
and religions—I will point to Hindostan, thut pos-
sessed all these, and inquire whatEuropean Power
—-Portuguese, Danish, Dutch, French, or Eng-
lish—acknowledged the equality or independence
of its native sovereigns, as prescribed by the law
which governs the more civilized nations ? Not
one. Such is the response of universal history.
And yet these very Hindoos, in all their phys-
ical, intellectual, and moral endowments, were not
at all inferior to the mixed races of Spanish-
American origin, over whose destiny, in the im-
aginary horrors of future annexation, England
wailaand weeps in such spasmodic agony. And
Sill, ever andanon, as she recites her ethical hom-
es for the benefit of filibustering America, with
the flash of her sword, or the sweep of her pen,
by way of parenthesis, sh& annexes whole prov-
inces and-kingdoms to her eastern dominions.
Now it isitUebaautiful Bum an empire which she
digests at a single meaU next, it is the splendid
province of Sciadt, on both, banks of the classic
Indus; .while to-day.iti  the flourishing territo-
ries of Oude. At langththe ambitious banner of
Engiaadj lifef the wvng of a thunder-cloudy as
gloomy and menacing, overshadows the whole of
Hindostan, <in4 floats, in triumph on the confines
of. China. Nevertheless, I, for one, will utter no
word of complaint against the mere fact of either
English annexations. in IndiR, or French aggres-
sions: in Algerine-A frica; because I believe it to
be not only the rightr but the political and social
duty of the-powerful and enlightened nations, to
civilize and Christianize the rest of the world.
And this only can be effected by the, colonisation
of ideas, and a liberal interfusion of superior
blood. What I object to in English, and all other
European extension, is not the fact, but the form;
not the act itself, but the end proposed by its ac-
complishment, and the mode of its execution.
In this respect the filibustering aims of Eng-
land are totally different from ours in America.
We are inspired by the ardent zeal, and it may
be, the enthusiastic fanaticism, of the missionary,
to spread our opinions and institutions aa broadly
as possible, to make converts to the cause of civil--
ixation and regulated government, to raise a uni-
versal hymn of liberty that shall ring its music
around tne globe. On the contrary, the EngliBh
filibusters nave -always been actuated by the
sordid spirit of commercial monopoly, to erect
factories, to exact tribute, and amass imperial
fortunes. I say thiB without any prejudice or
feelings of unkindness towards England, and, in
saying it, only reaffirm the assertion of the great-
est English orator and statesman. Humanity
shudders pallid with horror on reading Burke's
burning condensation of English Indian history:
"They have sold every monarch, prince, and
state in India, broken every contract, and ruined
every prince and state who trusted them." In
short, the distinction between the American and
the English fillibusteris precisely this: the Amer-
ican expatriates himself, at the call of oppressed
nations, to redeem and save them; while the Eng-
lishman never goes but for personal profit, and
to .secure that he will add new and heavier links
to the chain which binds his victims down in the
dust. The one seeks the soil of a foreign coun-
try, as a settler, to improve and adorn it as an
enduring home, to marry, bring up children, and
build school-houses ana churches; the other so-
journs as a trader, or the collector of taxes—to
gather gold, return to Europe, and purchase a
peerages The first is a real emigrant, the pioneer
of principles,-the colonist of great ideas, tne prac-
tical preacher of free institutions; but the second
is a true adventurer, wandering abroad in the
search-of fortune, and possessing no sympathies
or sentiments in common with the race around
him, who therefore regard him as a natural en-
emy, perhaps a robber.
I must not, however, be understood by any
such contrast, as assigning a general or cnarac-
teristicdiffereace between Americana and English-
men, Wt ^y ^as between those who pass into
foreign countries as filibusters among the nar
tiveajand this fact is undoubtedly date to c«ru*a
peculiar causes in - the opposite education and
habits of the two ftatiooa. The- Englishman is
passionately attached to the- soil of that English
home where his forefathers have lived and-died
during dim-and distantcenturies, and where he
both expects and desires to rest his own ashes 1
after the end of " life's fitful fever." For him, j
England holds all that is good-or great; it is his ;
world, and beyond it lies nothing but savage
exile.
But, with the American, all this patriotic preju-
dice is utterly reversed. His immediate or very
near ancestors were emigrants, and he has a
hereditary instinct for migration. No old legends,
no wild tales of hoary romance, cling about the
summits of his American mountains, or haunt
the solitude of his whispering streams. He has
no national- predilections or antipathies: how
could he be.supposed to have, when the people
of every country in Europe meet on terms of
entire and constitutional equality in his neigh-
borhood,, and the very blood in his veins is de-
rived from as many and various sources. He
has no preference for places, but boundless love
for ideas and institutions; and,in lieu of locality,
he adheres to liberty, with all the strength of-
attraction, and more than the tenacity of steel.
He is a cosmopolite in both principle and feeling,
and cares not whither he travels, provided, only
and always, democracy-attends him. And thus
he is constituted, by nature ijnd education, by
theory and practice, to be the minister of freedom
throughout the world. The method of hia mis-
sion, and the standard of his success, may be
explained in a Bingle termfbut of immeasurable
significance, and that term is, the colonisation, of
idesi; whereas all the European Powers, without
any exception, colonize only for commerce.
Urea* Britain,it is well known, baa uniformly
discouraged even English emigration to her east-
ern possessions; and in this narrow and jealous
policy consisted the capital mistake, the cruel
injustice of all her annexations in that quarter of
the glob,e. Had she pursued the American plan-
had she permitted a rich diffusion, a purifying
baptism of British blood around the coast of Co-
romandel, and all along the vast valley of the
Ganges; in fine, had she Anglicized that great
Indian population, including its hundreds of mil-
lions, the domination of her empire, notwith-
standing its monopolies and oppressions, would
have proved the highest blessing that India ever
knew, and an almost equal, though incidental,
benefit to the whole human family. Such wua
the exalted trust committed by Providence to the
hands of England in the East; and I do not despair
of seeing her perform it yet. Otherwise the glorious
work will surely be transferred to more vigorous
or faithful fiduciary keeping.
If England would only commence in earnest
the fulfillment of the mighty mission to which she
has been called—the civilization of the Oriental
world, the expansion and full development of her
free and Christian institutions, and their cultiva-
tion in every part of those wide English domin-
ions on which the sun of heaven, always rises,
but never sets; if she would put away her national
jealousies, and discard her unfounded fears of
American growth and greatness,-and enter upon
the luminous path of a loftier competition with
the United States — the rivalry of kindly arte
instead of-arms, of scientific discoveries, and the
communication of light, intelligence, and virtue
to all the species of man,—how soon might the
world be redeemed from darkness, and saved
from the sanguinary sins and pollutions of war!
The two grand branches of the Anglo-Saxon
stock, the one pressing from the bay of Bengal,
and the other from the golden gulf of California,
would meet in some beautiful group of sunny-
isles in the Pacific ocean, and together clasp their
United hands in love-and peaee around the globe.
In addition to those already treated, there are
maay other matters of policy, and some of the
highest moment, which I have neither the time
nor the precise data to discuss as they deserve.
But I am not willing to close my remarks with-
out a brief reference to the singular condition and
insufficient strength of theNavy as compared with
the aetual requirements of our commerce, with
the demands of. the national dignity, and with
of the same strong, arm of
power possessed- by*fa*>fgree\ Goifeniments of
the world-, for politicians amidst their- bttlljant
dreams of extension and glory on the land must-;
never forgtt that this globe of ours is terraqueous,
and that, by the wonderful revolution in the an
of navigation caused by the introduction of steam,
the ocean has become an element of power far
more important than it ever was before in any -.
epoch of human history. The effect has been
to diminish the lines of distance, and to reduce
the measurements of space to the standard of
time, so that Europe and America are not now
as remote from each other as three Sabbaths of
the solar year. England and the United States
are not quite two weeks apart. Moreover, the
employment of steam will enable hostile arma-
ments to penetrate bays, harbors, inlets, and the
mouths of rivers j at will, without waiting for
fickle winds or the favor of the returning, tide,
as was- the case in bygone ages. At moat, as
soon as the' smokeof an enemv's ehimney can
be descried darkening the blue horizon, and ere
the neighborhood can be aroused, or the militia
called out for defense, his cannon may be thun-
dering in the heart of a great city,-or spreading
ravage and ruin far inland among the rural vil-
lages. No longer will it be said that fleets are
hovering on our'coasts. They will precipitate
themselves upon their prey, as doth the eagle, -
rapid as the lightning of heaven, as unexpected
and as destroying. And although time and ex-
perience have not yet, by practical les#ons,,fuIiy
demonstrated the extent of this extraordinary
change, enough has been witnessed to prove it
one of the very greatest in the annala of the spe- ■
The Government of England, ever shrewd
cies.
and vigilant, at once perceived the consequences
of the new fact, and proceeded without delay to
adapt her pliable policy to the revolution of the
