1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1907
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Congressional Compensation Bill—Mr. Orr.
Ho. of Reps.
altered circumstances for the purpose of insuring
the like ascendency which she had held under the
former system; while the people of the United
States hare attempted but a feeble movement in
a similar direction. The result has been as
astonishing as it is humiliating to American patri-
otism and pride. England has, to-day, three
hundred ano fifty war steamers. We have but
eight. Hers carry six thousand and fifteen guns.
Ours have only eighty-six. All the cannon in
the British navy amount to fifteen thousand four
hundred and eighty-eight. The Americans can
reckon just five hundred and thirty-seven, all
told. And yet, we have a larger mercantile marine
than Great Britain, and therefore more need of
protection for its interests; while the immensity
of our coast line, and the enormous distance of
our voyages, as contrasted with hers, render the
disproportion in naval power truly astounding.
I am aware that the schemes of foreign policy
in the two countries are essentially different.
England relies on force or fear to push her em-
pire and extend her trade to all parts of the globe.
The United States, from the first hour of their
sovereign existence, have only sought to reap
their commercial harvests,and to gather the glory
of their greatness by the arts of pcace. The idea
of aggressive hostilities, of war for the sake of,
conquest and external domination, has never
entered the mind of an American statesman. And
hence our system contemplates, not offensive,
but defensive operations alone. We mostly en-
trust the protection of our shores to the citizen
soldiery, and of our trade upon the high seas to j
the marine militia, who have, more than once, so I
amply justified our confidence by their prowess I
as privateers. Hence it cannot be expected that i
our free and pacific people will ever consent to !
burden themselves with excessive taxes for the j
support of a powerful standing army or of a.
strong navy in time of peace. Nor would I ad- j
vise any such project. But I do contend that ,
we should possess a respectable naval strength,
one adequate to the demands of our actual com-
mercial relations, and more especially sufficient
for the defense of our own coasts. There should
be navy-yards in every principal section of the
sea-board for the construction of a class of steam- |
era competent to protect our shoal waters both
north and south. The works of that character
at Memphis, and the Memphis station, never
should have been abandoned, as they were. And
above all, I would urge the most liberal appro-
priations to scientific men, for the purpose of
making experiments as to the best means of se-
cwing harbors from the approach of hostile fleets;
for what would be the expenditure of a few mil-
lions of dollars compared to the pecuniary loss
which might result to ihe great city of New York
alone, by the bombardment of some Baltic fleet?
But the subject is large enough for a speech, or
even a treatise in itself, and 1 will take leave of it
for the present. ,
In conclusion, to give a brief remme of the j
policy which I have endeavored to indicate with
such humble powers as I could command, and
with all the most profound conviclions of my |
reason, and the warmest wishes of my heart: In
the first place, I would establish, on such firm
ground as never more could be criticised or called
in question, the Monroe doctrine in both its cor-
relative dogmas—the one that prohibits American
interference in European politics; and the other
which forbids European interference or coloni-
zation on the American continent. And I would
advocate both as. being, not a belligerent or ag-
gressive, but supereminently a pacific and friendly
policy, and as tending trujy to render war not
only unnecessary but even impossible.
Secondly: I would define and fix, by the strong-
est force of legislative enactment, the natural doc-
trine of voluntary expatriation, so as to open the
largest sphere for the development of American
ideas, institutions, and enterprise, that could be
attained, in accordance with the rules of neutral-
ity and the principles of the law of nations.
Finally: I would urge the execution of this
" policy in all its parts, in the most peaceful man-
ner, but by the most energetic measures founded
on the strength of our inexhaustible natural re-
sources, and the character of our Government
and people—and at the same time, with such
national courtesy and consummate respect for the
rights, and even the prejudices of other Powers
as to satisfy the whole civilized world—nay, the
very savage races themselves, of our equity,
moderation, and amicable motives. And if war
should come nevertheless—if the tyrannies of the
other hemisphere should coalesce to put down the
authority of our example, to extinguish the last
light of republican liberty starring with innumer-
able haloes the arch of the western sky, I would
still confide as hopefully as ever in the high des-
tiny of American civilization, trusting alone in the
goodness and justice of God, and in the potency
and patriotism of the American people.
CONGRESSIONAL COMPENSATION BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES L. ORR,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the Hocse of Rxfressntatives,
August 15, 1856.
The House having under consideration the Bill to regulate
the Compensation of Members of Congress—
Mr. ORR said: i
Mr. Speaker: The Senate bill, as Veil as the
substitute, does not propose to change the pres-
ent law on the subject of mileage. 1 should have
preferred some amendment; but the late period
in the session, and the great diversity of opinion
among Senators and Representatives, render it
impracticable now to frame a suitable amendment.
The mileage, therefore, under both the Senate bill
and the resolution, remains as it is at present,
except that the member is restricted to two ses-
sions during the Congress, and consequently no
muAge shall hereafter be paid for any extra ses-
: sion that may be convened by the President.
The Senate bill gives a compensation to Senators,
Representatives, and Delegates, of 42,500 each
per annum, making for the entire Congress an
aggregate of $5,000; and it applies to this Con-
gress, from the adjournment of the present ses-
sion—from the 19th of August to the 4th day of
: March—allowing a compensation at the rate of
$2,500 per annum for that period.
The Senate bill also provides, as does the amend-
ment, that whenever boofcs are voted by either
House to their members, as.has been the uniform
Practice for many years, the cost thereof shall be
educted from their compensation.
The substitute which I have offere4 proposes,
instead of paying the compensation of $2,500 in
the manner stated in the Senate bill, to. pay in
gross $6,000 for the entire Congress, which is
at the rate of $3,000 per annum. The first pay-
ment of mileage is to be made when the represent-
atives assemble at the first regular session; and at
the end of each month a,pro rata payment is to be
made, equal to about eight dollars and twenty-one
cents per day; and upon the termination of the
1 iirissiiTn arrearages which accrued prior to the
meeting«fXJpBgr*st*re to be paid.
The provisions of th* bill are such that the
country is entitled, without additional or extra
compensation, to all the time of the Representa-
tives during the entire Congress; hence there is
neither mileage nor per diem provided in the event
of an extra session —a conting^icy which has
frequently happened, and they have never been
held except at a heavy cost to the Treasury.
There is an express provision to that effect in the
substitute, which is n t contained ia the Senate
biU- , . r.
The substitute applies to the present Congress,
giving to each member a salaiy of $6,000, deduct-
ing from that the per diem which has already been
r6C61Y6(l •
There is also a provision in the substitute
which applies to the present session, that all Sen-
ators or Representatives who have or may here-
after absent themselves from the sessions of
either House, unless for siekness of themselves
or their families, shall forfeit his per diem every
dav of such absence. The necessity for such a
provision is imperious, as our experience at the
present session fully attests. The House is com-
posed of two hundred and thirty-four members,
and the number attending its sittings has been
frequently less than one hundred and fifty—often-
times from seventy to one hundred absentees—
and to the serious detriment of the public busi-
ness, when the Committee of the Whole has been
broken up, when considering the appropriation
bills, for want of a quorum. If the House adopts
the substitute, we shall, in future, have a smaller
number of absentees, and thereby cure a great
and increasing evil.
The substitute provides that the President of
the Senate shall receive the same compensation
as the Vice President of the United States in the
event of the Vice President's decease, or being
transferred to the Presidency; and that the Speaker
of the House shall, as he now does, receive double
the compensation paid to the Representatives.
These are the general provisions of the substi-
tute which I have submitted. The House can
select either the substitute or the original bill. I
suppose there is not a gentleman upon this floor
who will not concede the necessity of an increased
compensation to members. My friend from Ten-
nessee says he does not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not.
Mr. ORR. I am not much surprised at it,
because my friend from Tennessee is situated
somewhat differently from the rest of us; for he
has neither wife nor chick to support, and he can
well afford to live upon less than the rest of us.
[Laughter.] Now, those of us who have the
good fortune to have wives and children find that,
whh reasonable economy, the present compensa-
tion is wholly inadequate to support us; and " is
not the laborer worthy of his hire ?"
There is not a single chief clerk in any of the
Departments of this Government whose compen-
sation is not greater during the Congress than
mine. The Clerk of our House receives $3,600
per annum, and our Doorkeeper $2,200 per
annum; and the Assistant Doorkeeper receives a
greater annual compensation than most of the
members of the House or Senate.
There is an apprehension, on the part of many
members, that this bill is to be unpopular in the
country. Be it so. Whenever the people of this
country secure the services of men for less than
an adequate compensation, they will find it a most
expensive economy when they shall have liqui-
dated the fraud sand corruptions it must inevitably
lead to.
Again, if the present rate of compensation is
continued, and members are not paid a sum
sufficient to support them, one of two results
must follow: The people will have to fill the two
Houses of Congress with men of large private
fortunes, who can afford to come here and draw
upon their private means to support themselves
whilst in the public service, ana exclude men of
capacity and integrity, who have no private for-
tunes, from the public councils, or they must be
contented to be represented by a class of men
who will make a support, and even an income,
by selling their votes and the rights of their con-
stituents for gold. Are the American people
prepared to fetter themselves in making selec-
tions of their public servants from these two
classes only? I think not. AU they will require
is to know that the present compensation is in-
adequate, and I have greatly misjudged them if
they murmur against this necessary increase.
Some of thp ablest and most efficient members of
the past Congresses, were compelled to quit this
Hall for no other reason than that their compen-
sation was wholly inadequate to the support of
themselves and families. I do not doubt that
there are men in every congressional district in
the Union who would be willing to serve the
people at the present per diem, though the con-
current testimony of all who have tried it proves
its inadequacy; and my answer to it is, that not
one of our constituents, where his life, liberty, or
property is in jeopardy, selects his col"J®eI (,ror]1
among the cheap lawyers at the bar. They look
to higher qualities. Are not integrity, capacity,
and efficiency as important in their legislators,
when all is intrusted to their wisdom and discre-
U°While the salary is increased, yet, taken as a
whole, the bill will throw but little, if any, addi-
tional tax upon the Government, because it cuts
the voting of books to new members at the open-
ing of every Congress. The saving in this item
done will reach nearly $200,000 every Congress.
