
6 nothing worthy of record transpired. The line of march lay through a desolate pinery barren, dotted with numberless swamps and sluggish streams, that were a constant hindrance to our advance, often causing delays of three, four, and five hours' duration. I may state, however, that when encamped on Scull's Creek, December 3, I sent one regiment beyond the Ogeechee River for the purpose of destroying the iron and ties on the Central railroad; one mile of the track was torn up and burned. December 6, the Third Brigade, together with one section of my battery (Twelfth Wisconsin), was ordered to Wright's Crossing, for the purpose of securing the crossing over the Ogeechee River at that place. The bridge, however, had been destroyed, but Colonel Williamson managed to cross the Twenty-fifth and part of the Ninth Iowa Infantry, who at once secured a firm foothold on the east side of the river. The rebels here made their appearance in small force, and some considerable skirmishing occurred. Three companies of the Ninth Iowa were advanced as far as Station Numbers 2 on the railroad; but before they could succeed in tearing up any of the track a superior force of the enemy appeared, and the companies were obliged to return to the river crossing. The next morning, having been directed to send one brigade down on the east side of the river toward Jenks' Bridge, and if possible to Station Numbers 2, the Third was dispatched with these instructions; and that evening Colonel Williamson reported to me his arrival at the latter place, having met but little opposition. The advance was continued on the 8th, and December 9 I sent one brigade (the First) forward to Eden, where it took position, covering movements being made beyond the Ogeechee River.

December 10, crossed the Ogeechee River at Dilton's Crossing, where I was joined by the First Brigade, and my command at once marched eastward, following the towpath of the Ogeechee Canal. Continuing some nine miles I struck the Augusta and Darien road, and bearing off to the right for the distance of three miles I went into position, throwing up works in my front and connecting my skirmishers with those of the Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, on my right, while the nature of the ground on my left was such as in itself to afford protection. The night of the 11th my division was moved to the right about twelve miles, to the neighborhood of Anderson's plantation, where I again took position, with my left resting on the Savannah and King's Bridge road, and my right connecting with the Fourth Division of this corps. The enemy was soon developed, strongly posted about one mile to my front, with low, marshy ground and the Little Ogeechee River intervening. This stream, about thirty feet wide and from twelve to fourteen feet deep, follof works from twenty to fifty yards in front of the same. The only approach to the rebel lines was over the main road, which was but a naked causeway, completely swept by artillery admirably posted. From this time I continued to strengthen my works and advance my lines, so that by the 20th of December I was strongly intrenched, with a good earth-work for my guns, and with my skirmishers advanced to within 100 yards of the main line of the rebels. December 21, my division marched with other portions of the army into Savannah, the enemy having evacuated, and camped on the south side of the city.

During the march from Atlanta to Savannah my command built more than four miles of corduroy road, one mile and a half of bridging over the swamps, creeks, and bayous, besides cutting eleven miles of road through the timber for the passage of trains and troops.

