
CHARLESTON, December 29, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER,

Hardeeville, S. C.:

Lose no time in blockading the roads suggested in your telegram of this morning, particularly the road from Screven's Ferry to New River bridge.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

CHARLESTON, December 29, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER,

Hardeeville:

By direction of General Beauregard you will transfer to the Georgia side of the Savannah River as much of your command as can be dispensed with on Carolina side--say from one-third to one-half.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Numbers 7. Beaufort District, S. C., December 29, 1864.

I. The continued and grave complaints made by citizens against this command require that the most stringent efforts be used by all officers to prevent the slightest depredations of any character in future.

II. The requirements of General Orders, Nos. 18 and 21, from army headquarters, and all general orders from these headquarters relating to discipline and depredating upon the property of citizens, will be rigidly enforced.

III. No officer or soldier will be permitted to enter a dwelling under any pretense whatever, unless invited by the occupant. Division, brigade, and regimental commanders will bivouac with their troops, and with assistance of their staff officers will see, by close supervision, that no rails are burned, or depredations of any character whatever committed. They will see that proper and regular issues of forage and subsistence are made and no waste allowed. To this end they will require the most vigorous and energetic efforts on the part of commissaries and quartermasters for the procurement of necessary supplies. When the command is without wagons every detail sent out to procure supplies will be under the command of a commissioned officer, who will be held strictly responsible for depredations committed by the detail.

IV. 1. Each division commander will select a regiment, under a strict officer, which shall be used as a provost guard of the division. This regiment will be selected for its general good conduct, and will be retained on this duty only while its conduct is exemplary. Division commanders may at their option detail men from other regiments for this duty whom they deem specially appropriate for that purpose.

2. When on the march the provost guard shall be kept in advance and will leave a guard at every house on the line of march, under a good officer, which guard will not suffer any soldier of this or any other command to take any species of property whatever from the pruards will be relieved by the provost guard of the division next in rear. The guard of the rear division will remain on duty till the rear guard of the command has passed.

