HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Hardeeville, December 29, 1864.

General JOSEPH H. LEWIS,

Commanding Brigade Cavalry:

GENERAL: Inclosed is an order for you to move with your command across the river at Sister's Ferry. General Fry has been requested by telegraph to send a boat from Augusta to assist in crossing your command. Major-General Wheeler desires me to say that the order emanates from General Beauregard, and he presumes has some urgency in it.

Respectfully, General, your obedient servant,

M. G. HUDSON,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS. Numbers 110. Hardeeville, S. C., December 29, 1864--4 p. m.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

III. Brigadier-General Lewis, commanding brigade, will move at once with his command across the Savannah River at Sister's Ferry and report to Brigadier-General Iverson.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major General Joseph Wheeler:

M. G. HUDSON,First Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., December 30, 1864.

Governor A. G. MAGRATH,

Columbia, S. C.:

Yours of the 25th and 29th received. I have long realized the importance of such action as you suggest, but necessities elsewhere have prevented action in accordance with our wish. I have held several conferences with General Lee on the subject, and will have another, showing him your letter and telegram. The co-operation of the State officers with the engineers of the Confederate States is accepted as proposed. Will write you move fully by mail.

JEFF'N DAYS.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., December 30, 1864.

General W. J. HARDEE,

Charleston, S. C.:

I have ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Tucker, commanding a battalion, not yet fully organized, of recruits from Federal prisoners, to report to you immediately. The organization not being yet recognized by the Department, but simply formed under an authority, is subject to be modified, divided, or arranged in any way that the interests of the service may require. The existing officers may have some claim to selection, but have not commissions. Will you have special attention given to the battalion, and communicate your conclusions respecting it.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

