
CHARLESTON, December 30, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Your telegram ordering all artisans to be returned to their employments has been received. The Naval and Arsenal Battalions had already been returned. Your order will take away all of Wright's division except four small companies. That division is holding an important position. I earnestly urge that you send 1,400 men to replace it. I have already been weakened by the return of the heavy artillerists to Wilmington.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

WILMINGTON, December 30, 1864.

Brigadier General L. S. BAKER,

Goldsborough, N. C.:

If nothing active in your district prevents, proceed to Richmond and report to Colonel Sale, my private secretary. After a full conference with the President on the condition in Georgia and South Carolina return and resume your command.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

WILMINGTON, December 30, 1864.

Colonel JOHN B. SALE,

Military Secretary, Richmond:

Believing the President will be gratified to know the exact state of affairs in Georgia and South Carolina, I have ordered Brigadier General L. S. Baker, who has returned from there disabled for the field by his old wound, to proceed to Richmond and report to you. Obtain an early interview for him. He passed through all the scenes from Augusta to the evacuation of Savannah, and can report fully; and it is very important the exact state of affairs now should be known.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 92. Charleston, S. C., December 30, 1864.

I. The allowance of field transportation for the troops in this department will be as follows:

1. Division headquarters: For general and all staff officers, two four-horse wagons for baggage, one four-horse wagon for forage, one four-horse forge, one two-horse ambulance.

2. Brigade transportation: For general and staff officers at brigade headquarters, one four-horse wagon for baggage, &amp;c., and one two-horse ambulance; brigade forage, one four-horse wagon; brigade, one four-horse forge; commissary scales and implements for butchering for brigade, one four-horse wagon; field, staff, and company officers of each regiment, one four-horse wagon; cooking utensils for every 300 men, one four-horse wagon; every 300 men, one two-horse ambulance; brigade medical supplies, one four-horse wagon; brigade intrenching tools, one four-horse wagon.

