
3. To each brigade there will be attached an ordnance train of four-horse wagons sufficient to carry sixty extra rounds of ammunition per man, each wagon carrying fifteen boxes of ammunition. This ordnance train will be in the immediate charge of the brigade ordnance officer, and all the brigade trains of each division in charge of the division ordnance officer.

4. Battalion of light artillery: Battalion headquarters, one two-horse wagon; each battalion, one four-horse forge; officers and men of each battery of light artillery, one four-horse wagon; forage for each battery, two four-horse wagons; extra ammunition for battery, one four-horse wagon; battalion medical supplies, one two-horse wagon; each battery, one two-horse ambulance.

II. This order shall apply to the cavalry of this department, with the following modification: Two four-horse wagons will be allowed to every 100 effective men for forage.

III. The load of a four-horse wagon will not exceed 1,700 pounds.

IV. All transportation and ambulances in excess of the above allowance will be at once turned in to the chief quartermaster.

Requisitions will be made to supply deficiencies.

By order of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 313. Charleston, S. C., December 30, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

IX. Major General G. W. Smith will have command of a geographical district which will include Augusta and Millen, in Georgia, and Branchville, in South Carolina. He will proceed at once to construct defenses at Branchville.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

H. W. FEILDEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FISER'S BRIGADE,

Frampton Farm, December 30, 1864.

Major-General McLAWS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I sent a regiment at daylight this morning near Tullifinny bridge, and I sent an officer in the direction of the railroad trestle. Found the left of Harrison's line about three-quarters of a mile above Tullifinny bridge. I have connected with the line on my right. Have seen nor heard nothing of the regiment commanded by Colonel Cumming. I suppose you do not intend me to consider myself in command of any line beyond the Tullifinny. If you deem it at all probable that the enemy will advance either by way of Mackay's Point road or the various roads crossing the Tullifinny and leading to the railroad, I would respectfully suggest that you send a regiment or so to occupy from Old Pocotaligo to Frampton farm, and allow me to extend my right, so as to more effectually protect the railroad and Colonel Harrison's

