
rear. Captain Barnwell opened on the enemy this morning from Lawton's farm, but was compelled to withdraw with the loss of 1 man mortally wounded, himself and 2 men slightly. I wish you would ride over, if convenient.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JNO C. FISER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CHARLESTON, December 30, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER,

Hardeeville:

General Hardee desires the two rifled 24-pounders from Red Bluff sent to Adams' Run Station.

A. J. GONZALES,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Department.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Numbers 8. Hardeeville, S. C., December 30, 1864.

I. Until further orders the following will be the allowance of transportation of this corps:

For corps headquarters: For baggage, two four-horse wagons; quartermaster and commissary of subsistence stores, two four-horse wagons; forage, one four-horse wagon; forge, one four-horse wagon; medical supplies, one four-horse wagon; ambulance, one two-horse wagon.

Division headquarters: Baggage, one four-horse wagon; quartermaster and commissary of subsistence stores, one four-horse wagon; forage, one four-horse wagon; transportation for three days' rations for every 600 men, one six-horse wagon; medical supplies, one two-horse wagon.

Brigade headquarters: Baggage, one four-horse wagon; quartermaster and commissary of subsistence stores, one four-horse wagon; medical supplies, one two-horse wagon; forage, one four-horse wagon; ordnance for each 400 muskets, one four-horse wagon.

Regiments: Officers' baggage, including desks, money boxes, and medical supplies, one four-horse wagon; each 400 men present for duty for cooking utensils, one four-horse wagon; each 100 animals for forage, one four-horse wagon; ambulance, one two-horse wagon.

Artillery with cavalry: Each battery, baggage for officers, cooking utensils, and extra harness, one four-horse wagon; forage, one four-horse wagon; forge, one four-horse wagon.

Ordnance: 12-pounder howitzer battery, four guns, two four-horse wagons; Napoleon, three four-horse wagons; battery of rifled guns (four), one four-horse wagon.

Batteries artillery: Extra harness, instead of battery wagons, with wagons, one four-horse wagon; forge, two four-horse wagons; ambulance, two two-horse wagons.

II. All mules and wagons in excess of the above allowance will be immediately turned in to Captain S. E. Norton, chief quartermaster of this corps.

III. Captain Norton, chief quartermaster, will immediately form the mules and wagons thus turned in with a general supply train, and place

