
I lost in killed 15 enlisted men; in wounded, 8 commissioned officers and 80 enlisted men, with 2 enlisted missing; making a total of 105.

My division captured during the entire campaign 9 commissioned officers and 45 enlisted men (total, 54), besides killing and wounding a great many.

The rebels abandoned 16 pieces of artillery in my immediate front when they evacuated the works around Savannah.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.

Major MAX WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

No. 14. Report of Colonel Milo Smith, Twenty-sixth Iowa Infantry, commanding First Brigade. HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Savannah, Ga., January 2, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that at 6 a. M. of the 15th day of November, 1864, I left camp at White Hall, Ga., with my brigade; marched on the road toward Rough and Ready with the balance of division. My brigade consists of the following regiments: Seventy-sixth Ohio Veteran Volunteers, Colonel William B. Woods commanding; Twenty-seventh Missouri Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Thomas Curly commanding; consolidated battalion Thirty-first and Thirty-second Missouri, Major A. J. Seay commanding; Twelfth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, Major E. D. Baldwin commanding; Twenty-sixth Iowa Volunteer Infantry, Major John Lubbers commanding; Twenty-ninth Missouri Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel Joseph S. Gage commanding. The latter regiment being mounted and on duty at headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps, I respectfully refer you to the report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph S. Gage. I marched, via McDonough and Indian Springs, toward the crossing of the Ocmulgee River at Nutting's Factory, meeting with no resistance on the roads, striking the Georgia Central Railroad about ten miles east of Macon, near Griswoldville, on the evening of the 21st of November, and encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 22nd one regiment - the Seventy-sixth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry - was ordered to report to Brigadier General C. R. Woods to destroy railroad, which was done by said regiment destroying three miles of railroad, including one large bridge and trestle-work over a stream near Gordon Junction. I moved with the balance of my brigade about three miles and halted; was ordered into position on each side of the road running from Gordon to Griswoldville, where I put up a line of works. The cavalry under Brigadier-General Kilpatrick had been skirmishing with the enemy in our front. Brigadier-General Walcutt, Second Brigade, First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, was on a reconnaissance toward Griswoldville, when they found the enemy in considerable force, and my brigade was ordered from the line of works to the support of Second Brigade. After moving three-quarters of a mile, I was ordered to return to the works which I had just left, and was ordered to extend them to right and left to cover more than may brigade

