
active campaign. You must have depots of provisions and forage at several points in the interior of the State. Columbia would be a very suitable point; Florence also, if you expect to move in the direction of North Carolina. Augusta, Mayfield, and Milledgeville must be depots for future operations. Your defensive lines from the Savannah River would be, as already explained to you; First, the Combahee and Salkehatchie to Barnwell Court-House, thence to the Savannah River; second, the Ashepoo and Salkehatchie to Barnwell Court-House, thence to Savannah River; third, Edisto, to Branchville, thence across toward Barnwell Court-House; fourth, Edisto and Caw Caw Swamp, or Rantowles Creek; fifth, Edisto and Ashley. Wheeler's cavalry must protect your front toward Savannah River, and your right flank from Barnwell Court-House toward Augusta. At least, the larger portion of his cavalry must be south of that river, to watch the movements and check the progress of any force moving toward Augusta or the interior of Georgia, until the rest of the cavalry and other forces could be sent to give battle to the enemy.

Please keep General Cobb and myself advised of your movements and those of the enemy, in order that we may give you in time any assistance in our power.

Hoping that you may be successful in holding Charleston and repelling any advance of the enemy, I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, December 30, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

Your dispatch of this day received; also a copy of that to General Cooper in relation to assignment of General Bragg. You will leave with General Hardee orders and instructions in regard to the department east of Augusta, and will resume the command of the district west of Augusta as heretofore defined. The change will be more formally announced from the Adjutant-General's Office.

JEFF'N DAYS.

HARDEEVILLE, December 31, 1864.

General McLAWS:

Will send picks and shovels by first train. Brigadier-General Young had been ordered to Georgia side of Savannah River, but orders were countermanded, and he was ordered to you, at Grahamville, on 25th. I earnestly request that company from Eighth Texas ordered to you for temporary duty be returned.

W. Y. C. HUMES,

Brigadier-General.

HARDEEVILLE, December 31, 1864.

Major-General McLAWS:

The pickets at Cheves' place report the enemy shelling them from Hutchinson's Island. The enemy attempted to cross the river at same

