
On the evening of the 13th of December the fort was assaulted and carried at the point of the bayonet by the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, commanded by Brigadier-General Hazen, by which our communications were fully opened and our base established; which has enabled the grand army under the heroic Sherman to completely invest the proud city of Savannah, in which position we rest of the present time, and quietly await the fall of the doomed city before the close of the present year.

The distance marched by the regiment during both campaigns is 800 miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS CURLY,

Colonel, commanding Twenty-seventh Missouri Volunteers.

Brigadier General JOHN B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General of Missouri.

No. 16. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Dennis T. Kirby, Twenty-seventh Missouri Infantry, of operations December 4. HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Station 5 1/2, ga., December 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instructions from the major-General commanding, I proceeded this morning with the First Alabama Cavalry and G Company, Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, on the road to Station 4 1/2. I first struck the enemy's pickets opposite Station 5 1/2 on our left flank, and drove them to Station 5. At this point I found Colonel Gage, Twenty-ninth Missouri Mounted Infantry, retreating, with the enemy in his front and rear. I drove the enemy back, and by directions received from the major-General commanding, sent Colonel Gage and his command to the rear. I continued driving the enemy until I reached the Little Ogeechee River, when I found him in position on the opposite side, with a strong line of skirmishers on this side. He had burned the railroad bridge, but had left the passenger bridge uninjured. I dismounted a company and deployed them as skirmishers, and drove their skirmishers over the river, and found on reaching the banks that they were busily engaged in fortifying on the other side. I skirmished with them a short time for the purpose of developing their force, and I estimate them at from 2,000 to 5,000 strong. I learned from reliable sources that there were four trains came in there to-day loaded with troops, and that they have four pieces of artillery, all under command of General Wayne. The loss was one man mortally wounded, from the First Alabama Cavalry. We captured six of their horses, which equipments and arms complete.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. T. KIRBY,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Picket Officer Seventeenth Army Corps.

Captain C. CADLE, Jr.

