
Georgia Railroad, about twelve miles from Macon, without any occurrence worthy of note. The next day (November 22) the regiment was sent with the brigade on a reconnaissance toward Mason; met the enemy's cavalry in the forenoon, and were attacked in the afternoon by a heavy force of infantry at Duncan's farm, near Griswoldville, at which time and place occurred the battle of that name, in which the regiment participated. For details of the part which the regiment took in the battle, I would beg leave to refer your to a report forwarded immediately after by the late Lieutenant Colonel I. N. Alexander, then commanding the regiment. * The casualties of the regiment during the day were six men wounded. The day succeeding the fight we resumed our march toward Savannah, and passed unmolested through Irwinton November 24, Riddleville November 27, and Summerville November 30. At Wright's Bridge, on the Ogeechee River, December 7, the regiment was ordered at 2 p. M. to cross the river with the One hundredth Indiana Infantry, and relieve part of the Third Brigade, which was sent on a reconnaissance. At 12 in the night we were ordered to withdraw, destroy the bridge, and rejoin the brigade. Nothing of importance occurred until we again encountered the enemy eight miles from Savannah, at Anderson's farm, December 11, 1864. Here we remained until the 2ur regular tours of duty in the front of works, where, while lying in support of the Twelfth Wisconsin Battery, December 14, we had one man wounded, the only one with the exception of those at Griswoldville, wounded in the campaign. December 21, we proceeded with the brigade to within one mile and a half of the city (our present encampment), where we have remained ever since.

Before closing this report I would respectfully call your attention to the good conduct of both officers and men, each and all trying to surpass his comrade in soldierly bearing and cheerfulness.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD N. UPTON,

Major Forty-sixth Ohio Veteran VOL. Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain O. J. FAST.]

No. 21. Report of Brigadier General William B. Hazen, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division. HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Savannah, Ga., January 9, 1865. +

On the 15th of November, every preparation being completed, this division, with the army, broke camp at Atlanta and set out upon its march through Georgia. It then numbered an effective strength of 4,426 officers and men, and was composed of seventeen regimental organizations, the three brigade commanders being Colonel John M. Oliver, Fifteenth Michigan; Wells S. Jones, Fifty-third Ohio, and Theodore Jones, Thirtieth Ohio. The troops moved rapidly, passing through McDonough the 16th, Indian Springs the 18th, crossing the Ocmulgee the 19th at Roach's Mills, reaching Hillsborough the 20th, and Clinton the 21st, where Colonel Theodore Jones' brigade was left to cover the Macon roads till the next division arrived. Some skirmishing took place here, with a few casualties. On the 22nd the Macon and Augusta Railroad

---------------

*See next, ante.

+For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations in North Georgia and North Alabama, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 745.

---------------

