
Our losses were 24 officers and men killed, and 110 officers and men wounded.

Captain John H. Groce, Thirtieth Ohio, an officer of many rare and valuable qualities, and who led the first assault on Vicksburg, was killed, and Colonel Wells S. Jones, Fifty-third Ohio, commanding brigade, severely wounded.

The regiment most conspicuous in their gallantly were the Seventieth, Forty-seventh, and Thirtieth Ohio; all the rest performed their duty equally well.

After the proper commander of the Second Brigade fell, colonel James S. Martin, One hundred and eleventh Illinois, assumed command of it, led it in the assault, rendering distinguished service.

Colonel A. C. Parry, Forty-seventh Ohio, and Lieutenant-Colonel Philips, Seventieth Ohio, were also conspicuous in their performance of duty.

Major Thomas T. Taylor, Forty-seventh Ohio, acting judge-advocate of this division, preferring to serve with his regiment on the campaign, was severely wounded while fighting in the fort.

The captures were as follows: The garrison, including killed, 250 men and officers, 24 pieces of ordnance, with their equipment, 40 tons ammunition, a month's supply of food for the garrison, the small-arms of the command, all the animals and equipments of alight battery, the horses of the officers, and a large amount of private stores placed in the fort for safety.

To my entire staff especial praise is due for faithful and efficient conduct during the campaign.

After the fall of McAllister the division was directed to destroy the Gulf railroad for a distance of twenty miles west of the Ogeechee, which it proceeded to do in the most thorough manner, completing the work December 21.

I would respectfully call attention to accompanying reports of brigade commanders; also, to drawings of Fort McAllister,* and a map of the country passed over. +

The supply train of this division on leaving Atlanta consisted of eighty-tree six-mule wagons. I transferred to other commands after reaching the vicinity of this place 22,000 rations.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

ASST. ADJT. General, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS.

ADDENDA.

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., FIELD ORDERS In the Field, near Savannah, Ga., No. 131. December 13, 1864.

The General-in-chief announces with pleasure that to-day at 4. 30 p. M. the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, assaulted Fort McAllister and carried the place, capturing its entire garrison and armament, giving him full communication with the fleet and the army of Major-General Foster.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

*See p. 112.

+See Plate LXX, Map 1 of the Atlas.

---------------

