
No. 22. Report of Colonel Theodore Jones, Thirtieth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade. HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Savannah, Ga., January 8, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the campaign from Atlanta to Savannah:

The report of effective force of November 13 was in aggregate 1,163. On November 14th the One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois Volunteers were detached, and remained so during the whole campaign. On November 15 the brigade, with the division, left its camp near Atlanta, and marched nineteen miles, passing through Rough and Ready. November 16, marched sixteen miles, passing through McDonough. November 17, marched sixteen miles. November 18, marched to Indian Springs; distance, seven miles. November 19, marched twelve miles, crossing the Ocmulgee River at Ocmulgee Mills. November 20, marched twelve miles. November 21, marched to Clinton; distance, six miles. The brigade was left at this place to cover the roads until the Fourth Division passed. Temporary works were thrown up, and remained in this position until the 23d, skirmishing with the enemy most of the time. November 23, moved at 4 p. M. on the main Gordon road, marching nine miles. November 24, marched to Irwinton, distance twenty-three miles, escorting pontoon train from Gordon. November 25, marched to Ball's Ferry, on the Oconee River. Finding the enemy in position on the opposite side, the Fifty-seventh Ohio, Major McClure commanding, and the One hundred and sixteenth Illinois, Lieutenant-Colonel Maddux commanding, were deployed as skirmishers along the river-bank, and opened fire on the enemy across the river. The enemy left during the night. November 26, the brigade crossed the river and marched five miles. November 27, marched seven miles, passing Irwin's Cross-Roads. November 28, marched fourteen miles. November 29, marched sixteen miles. November 30, marched to Summerville; distance, twelve miles.

December 1, marched fourteen miles. December 2, marched ten miles. December 3, marched two miles. December 4, marched to Statesborough; distance, fourteen miles. December 5, marched sixteen miles. December 6, marched one mile and a half. December 7, marched to Black Creek; distance, fifteen miles. December 8, marched to Bryan Court-House; distance, twelve miles. December 9, marched two miles, crossing the Cannouchee River. December 10, recrossed the Cannouchee and crossed the Ogeechee at Dillons' Ferry, and camped nine miles from Savannah on the King's Bridge road; distance, fifteen miles. December 11, remained in the same position. December 12, marched five miles and camped near King's Bridge. December 13, crossed the Ogeechee River and marched to Fort McAllister; distance, thirteen miles. Three regiments of the brigade - viz, the Sixth Missouri Volunteers (Lieutenant-Colonel Van Deusen), the Thirtieth Ohio (Captain Brooks), and the One hundred and sixteenth Illinois (Lieutenant-Colonel Maddux) - were ordered to make a detour to the right and strike the river below the fort, which was with difficulty accomplished, the troops having to move through a deep marsh, and under the fire of the enemy from the fort. At about 5 p. M. detachment of this brigade moved forward, in conjunction with similar detachments from

8 R R-VOL XLIV

