
Jones, thereby depriving us of the services of two brave and good officers and casting a gloom over the command. I was ordered to take command and notified to make all necessary preparations for an assault, and at the sound of the bugle to charge the works and take the fort. "Forward" was sounded at 4. 30 and within ten minutes the fort was ours.

The conduct of the regiments engaged deserves the highest praise- not a falter, but steadily on under a withering fire, until three starry banners waved from the parapets; the garrison surrendered, and Fort McAllister was ours. The Second Brigade has a right to claim the honor to planting the first flag upon the fort, the Forty-seventh Ohio and One hundred and eleventh Illinois each in good faith claiming the honor. Each regiment having performed their part so nobly, I forbear to make particular mention of any. I entered the fort with the advance of my brigade; and being the first brigade commander in the works, the same was surrendered to me by Major Anderson, and the garrison claimed as our prisoners. No flag was found flying in the fort, and Major Anderson pledged me his word that he had none, though I learn that afterward a garrison flag was found hid in the bomb-proof. This surrender opened up communication with our fleet, and the question of supplies for our army was no longer discussed. Casualties in the assault: Killed, 4; wounded, 34. Marched two miles back and went into camp, where we remained until 17th; received orders to march to McIntosh, on Gulf railroad, with instructions to destroy same from Walthourville to a point two miles east of McIntosh. Reached the road at 11 o'clock on the 18th, went into camp, and commenced work. Destroyed nine miles of track, twisting every rail and burning every tie. Broke camp at 5. 30 o'clock on the morning of the 21st; marched to cross-roads near King's Bridge; received orders to report with my brigade to General Osterhaus, commanding corps; halted to issue rations that had been sent me; resumed the march; crossed the river; received official information while on the march that Savannah was evacuated by the enemy and possession of our troops. I bivouacked for the night, the campaign being closed.

Inclosed you will please find list of casualties.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. S. MARTIN,

Colonel, commanding.

Captain GORDON LOFLAND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

No. 24. Report of Major William M. Mabry, One hundred and eleventh Illinois Infantry, of operations October 4, 1864 - January 4, 1865. HEADQUARTERS 111TH Illinois VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Savannah, Ga., January 4, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with your circular of the 3rd instant, I have the honor to report as follows as to the part taken by my command during the past campaign:

Left camp at East Point, Ga., October 4, 1864, and participated in all the marches, skirmishers, &amp;c., of the campaign in Northern Georgia. Occupied the left of our line at the skirmish with Wheeler's cavalry near Turkeytown, Ala., October 25, 1864. No loss. Nothing further of interest occurred during this portion of the campaign.

