
Left Atlanta, Ga., November 15, 1864, in the expedition through Georgia to our new base at Savannah. Nothing worthy of particular mention occurred until our arrival at Fort McAllister, December 13, 1864. Participated in the successful assault upon the fort, and claim the honor of planting our colors on the works of the fort first. Casualties in regiment were 2 killed and 14 wounded in the assault upon the fort. Remained in the vicinity of Fort McAllister until the fall of Savannah, when we moved to within four or five miles of the city; are now encamped one mile from the city on the right of the Atlantic and Gulf Railroad.

Officers and men did their duty so well during the entire campaign that I can make particular mention of none.

Loss during campaign; 2 killed, 14 wounded, 1 missing; total, 17.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. MABRY,

Major 111th Illinois Infantry, commanding.

Captain FRANK M. LEWIS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 15th Army Corps.

No. 25. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George H. Scott, Eighty-third Indiana Infantry, of operations September 5, 1864 - January 2, 1865. HDQRS. EIGHTY-THIRD REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Savannah, Ga., January 4, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instructions I submit the following report of the operations of the Eighty-third Regiment Indiana Volunteers from September 5, 1864, up to the occupation of the city of Savannah, to wit:

Camped at East Point, Ga., until October 4; marched toward Chattanooga in pursuit of the enemy, via Kingston and Rome, and camped on Little October 21; distance traveled, 104 miles. Detailed to go to Rome to guard supply train; returned October 25; distance, eighty-two miles. Marched on the 29th via Powder Springs, and camped near Marietta November 5; distance, 104 miles. Regiment was paid here. November 14 [15], took up line of march south, via Hillsborough and Irwinton, toward the coast, meeting with very little opposition. Crossed the Ocmulgee, Oconee, Cannouchee, and Ogeechee, Rivers, and struck the Gulf railroad on the 9th of December and tore up several miles of the track. Returned and marched to Fort McAllister on the 13th. Remained here a few days and marched out on the Gulf railroad, and assisted in destroying about nine miles of the track. Returned and crossed the Ogeechee River on the 21st. Enemy evacuated the city of Savannah on the night of the 21st [20th]. Remained in camp until January 2, and marched into town; went into camp inside the fortifications.

Distance marched since October 4, 1864, 750 miles.

The regiment lost 1 man killed and 2 missing.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. SCOTT,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Eighty-third Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Captain F. M. LEWIS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 15th Army Corps.

