
No. 26. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Louis von Blessingh, Thirty-seventh Ohio Infantry, of operations November 13, 1864 - January 2, 1864. HDQRS. THIRTY-SEVENTH Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFTY., Savannah, Ga., January 3, 1865.

History of the Thirty-seventh Regiment Ohio Infantry Veteran Volunteers of the late campaign, from November 13, 1864, to January 2, 1865:

On the 13th day of November, 1864, the regiment marched from Camp Smyrna, Ga., to Atlanta, Ga., a distance of twelve miles, and there having been equipped, marched out of Atlanta on the 15th as a part of the army which, under the command of Major-General Sherman, undertook the great invasion of the State of Georgia, from the northwestern part of the southeastern border of said State. The line of march the regiment made was over McDonough, Indian Springs, near which place it crossed the Ocmulgee River, passing through Hillsborough and Clinton. At the latter place, November 22, the regiment, with the Fifteenth Michigan Volunteer Infantry, went on picket on the road leading to Macon, from where the enemy's cavalry tried to enter Clinton, and cut off the train of the division. The regiment went into line of battle, and the enemy was forced to retreat by our advancing skirmish line. On the 23rd the regiment remained near Clinton, covering the rear of the division, and marched on the same day toward Griswold, and joined its brigade and division near said place, after having crossed the Georgia Central Railroad; thence through Irwinton and marched to the Oconee River, which it crossed on the 26th of November, when it resumed its march through the swamps and arrived at Summerville on the 30th. The regiment, with the brigade, continued its march toward the sea-coast through the low and swampy country of Georgia, and having passed Emanuel and Bulloch Counties of said State, on the right (southwest) side of Ogeechee River, it crossed the Cannouchee River on tee 9th of December, marched to the Savannah and Gulf Railroad, and destroyed the same, in connection with the other regiments of the Second Brigade, for about five miles. Having returned the same day to the Cannouchee River, it crossed the same the next day, and also the Ogeechee River, the latter near the Ogeechee Canal, then marched toward Savannah, within nine miles of which the regiment bivouacked.

On the 12th the regiment returned with the brigade and division to the Ogeechee River, crossed it a King's Bridge on the 13th, and advanced on Fort McAllister, which was invested and carried by assault. The regiment bivouacked near the fort until December 17, when it marched with the brigade to McIntosh, thirty miles southwest of Savannah, on the Savannah and Gulf Railroad, which was reached on the 18th, and the regiment being engaged in destroying the railroad completely, so that nothing was left but the twisted iron rails, until the night of the 20th. On the 21st the regiment returned to the Ogeechee River and crossed it at King's Bridge, in the meantime Savannah being evacuated by the enemy. The regiment went in bivouac eleven miles from Savannah, and marched on the 29th to within four miles of Savannah, and went into camp on the southwest side of Savannah, at the Gulf railroad, on the 2nd day of January, 1865.

Distance marched from Atlanta November 15, 1864, to January 2, 1865, 374 miles.

L. VON BLESSINGH,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirty-seventh Ohio Veteran VOL. Infantry.

