
No. 27. Report of Colonel August C. Parry, Forty-seventh Ohio Infantry, of operations November 15, 1864 - January 2, 1865.
HDQRS. FORTY-SEVENTH Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFTY., Savannah, Ga., January 4, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Forty-seventh Regiment Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry in the late expedition through the State of Georgia:

In accordance with orders from superior headquarters, I started with the regiment from camp near Atlanta, Ga., on the 15th day of November, 1864, having received, a few days previous, about 400 drafted men and substitutes, who performed their duties in the subsequent campaign to my entire satisfaction, and better than I had reason to expect. During the whole march nothing remarkable occurred in which the regiment bore a conspicuous part until the morning of the 13th of December, when the division was ordered to march to and assault Fort McAllister, on the Ogeechee River. This day my regiment had the advance, and in the afternoon, when orders for the assault were given, we had the honor to planting the first Stars and Stripes on the parapet of the doomed fort. Four days afterward we participated in the destruction of the Savannah, Gulf, and Albany Railroad. Returned from said expedition on the afternoon of the 21st, and entered the suburbs of the city of Savannah on the 2nd of January, 1865.

Inclosed I append a list of casualties during the campaign. *

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,August C. PARRY,

Colonel, commanding Forty-seventh Regiment Ohio Vet. VOL. Infantry.

Captain FRANK M. LEWIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

No. 28. Report of Major George F. Kili, Fifty-fourth Ohio Infantry. HDQRS. FIFTY-FOURTH Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFANTRY, Savannah, Ga., January 4, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fifty-fourth Ohio in the late campaign through Georgia:

The Fifty-fourth Ohio joined the brigade from detached service at White Hall, near Atlanta, on the night of November 14. Received orders same evening to prepared to move next morning (15th) at daylight. Left White Hall about 8 a. M. ; marched steadily forward, unmolested by the enemy. On the 16th passed through McDonough; crossed Ocmulgee River at Ocmulgee Mills December 19; 20th, marched through Hillsborough; passed Clinton 21st, and struck the Macon and Augusta Railroad on 22d. 23d, continued march south. 24th, camped near Irwinton. 25th, passed through Irwinton; enemy in our front. 26th, crossed Oconee River at ---- Ferry.

---------------

*Shows 1 man killed, and 1 officer and 15 men wounded.

---------------

