
December 4, arrived at Statesborough. December 5, leave Statesborough and march south. December 9, crossed Cannouchee River and struck the Gulf railroad, which we destroyed for a distance of four miles. 10th, recrossed Cannouchee River and marched to Ogeechee River, which we crossed and camped eleven miles from Savannah. 13th, crossed Ogeechee River at Kings' Bridge, and marched on Fort McAllister, which was in the possession of the rebels and mounting twenty-two heavy guns. Attack was made at 4 p. M., and after a short but stubborn resistance the fort was carried by storm. In this action the Fifty-fourth Ohio lost 5 men wounded, 2 of whom have since died of their wounds. Captain Neff, Company H, received a severe wound in right leg.

The subjoined is a list of the casualties of the Fifty-fourth in the late campaign. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

GEO. F. KILI,

Major, commanding.

Captain F. M. LEWIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, second Brigade.

No. 29. Reports of Colonel John M. Oliver, Fifteenth Michigan Infantry, commanding Third Brigade. HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Savannah, Ga., January 6, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following detail of operations of this brigade in the campaign so gloriously concluded by the capture of Fort McAllister and surrender of Savannah:

On the 15th of November, 1864, we left White Hall at 10 a. M., and marched in a southerly direction, passing through Rough and Ready; camped near Tucker's cabin, Henry County, at 5 p. M., having marched fourteen miles. On the 16th left camp at 6 a. M., passing through McDonough. Two miles south of town we reached camp at 5 p. M. ; distance marched, sixteen miles. 17th, marched form 3. 30 p. M. until 12. 30 night. The troops marched on the left side of the road, while the wagon train and artillery took the road. Camped at Liberty Church, having marched seventeen miles. 18th, marched our march at 8 a. M. ; encamped at Indian Springs at 1 p. M. ; distance marched, six miles and a half. 19th, left camp at 3 a. M. ; marched, six miles and a half. 19th, left camp at 3 a. M. ; marched to the Ocmulgee River and crossed on pontoon bridge; halted for the night near Hillsborough, arriving in camp at 4. 30; distance marched fifteen miles. 20th, marched at 10 a. M., passing through Hillsborough and encamped five miles south of town, arriving at 7 p. M. ; distance marched, twelve miles. 21st, resumed march at 6 a. M. ; rained all day; roads in a terrible condition; passed through the town of Clinton and camped within nine miles of Macon; distance marched, thirteen miles. Left Fifteenth Michigan Veteran Volunteer Infantry at Clinton to guard roads leading to Macon until the trains had passed. About 4 p. M. they had a sharp skirmish with Breckinridge's brigade of cavalry, and repulsed them, with a loss of two men wounded. On the 22nd broke camp at 8 a. M. ;

---------------

*Shows 2 men killed, and 1 officer and 4 men wounded.

---------------

