
marched in a southeasterly course, crossing the Macon and Augusta Railroad, which had been destroyed by our troops, and encamped on the Gordon road. The enemy attacked the First Division, and were repulsed. Fifteenth Michigan Veteran Volunteer Infantry reported at 6 p. M. from Clinton. Marched this day ten miles. 23d, marched at 9 a. M. In the direction of Gordon by a circuitous route, reaching camp at 12 m. ; took position and fortified; marched five miles. 24th, left camp at 9 a. M. ; arriving at Irwinton at 3 p. M. ; marched five miles. 25th, resumed our march to the Oconee River, passing through the town of Irwinton, arriving at the river at 4 p. M. The enemy, being posted on the opposite bank, prevented our crossing. Artillery was placed in position and opened on their works. The Ninetieth Illinois and Ninety-ninth Indiana Volunteers were detailed to picket the river. The Seventeenth Army Corps joined us at this point. The Fourth Division and pontoon train also arrived. Distance marched, twelve miles. 26th, the enemy evacuated the opposite bank of the Oconee at 12 o'clock (night). At 6 p. M. crossed the river, marched two miles, and encamped. 27th, marched in a northeasterly course and encamped at Irwin's Cross-Roads at 12 m; distance marched, eight miles. 28th, resumed march and encamped; distance, fifteen miles. 29th, marched eighteen miles; roads in a terrible condition on account of rain. 30th, marched fifteen miles; had to corduroy and bridge the roads continually.

On the 1st of December left camp at 7 a. M., passing through Cannouchee Post-Office, and encamped at the junction of the Jones Ferry and old Savannah roads, arriving at 5 p. M. ; marched fourteen miles. 2nd, at 8 a. M. marched on the Savannah road, crossing Scull's Creek, and encamped in Bulloch County; distance, ten miles. 3rd, marched and encamped on Lott's Creek; distance, five miles. 4th, at 8 a. M. resumed marched in a southerly course. At 3 p. M. some mounted forages of the division were attacked by some 600 cavalry near Statesborough, and driven back, until the enemy encountered the Seventieth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, who were in advance as guard for pioneers corduroying roads. The Seventieth Ohio gave them one volley, after which the rebels hastily retreated, leaving 6 killed and 1 wounded in our hands. Our loss slight. We encamped at Statesborough. Distance marched, fourteen miles. 5th, at 9 a. M. marched in an easterly direction, and encamped at 6 p. M. ; distance marched, thirteen miles. 6th, I was ordered to march to Jenk's Bridge and secure the crossing. Left camp between 6 and 7 a. M., leaving all my trains but four ambulances, two wagon-loads of ammunition, and the tool wagon. Upon arriving at the river found the bridge destroyed. The Fifteenth Michigan and Seventeenth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry took position on the river-bank; the Forty-eight Illinois and Ninetieth Illinois and Ninety-ninth Indiana Volunteers were put in position faced to the rear, with a section of artillery from the Third Division on a hill back of the river half a mile. Distance marched, fifteen miles. Stacked arms and went into camp 12 m. The vigor of the troops and their earnest effort to reach the river, secure the bridge, and strike thee enemy's cavalry enabled us to make this march with astonishing quickness. When we arrived at the camp of the Third Division, which was one mile and a half nearer Jenk's Bridge than our camp, we waited one hour and a half at least for the artillery, which had not been notified that they were to accompany the expedition. This delay in the outset, and some skirmishing on the way left, the actual marching time less than four hours. 7th, we were ordered to the Cannouchee River to hold and save the bridge across the river if possible. We met the enemy's

