
First Brigade, Colonel J. B. McCown commanding, promptly formed in line; the Second Brigade, Bvt. Brigadier General G. B. Raum commanding, was formed on the right of the First Brigade. These dispositions having been made, it was found impossible for the skirmishers to advance, owing to the low, marshy ground in front having been overflowed from the canal to the depth of from four to six feet, and the road, scarcely ten feet wide, being amply protected by the enemy's guns. During the night a work was thrown up, and three guns of Battery B, First Michigan Artillery, Captain Arndt commanding, were placed in position, which opened upon the enemy's guns about daylight on the morning of the 11th of December. I was ordered to move to the right at 8 a. M. the same morning, when the guns and the line were withdrawn, leaving the skirmishers in position. A brisk fire was kept up by them until the evening of the 11th, when they were relieved by Brigadier General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps.

The casualties on the 10th and 11th at this place were as follows: Commissioned officers - slightly wounded, 2. Enlisted men - killed, 1; slightly wounded, 4; severely wounded, 1.

At 9 p. M. December 11 followed the First Division to the right and camped at Anderson's plantation, and one the 12th took up a position near Miller's Station (No. 1) on the Gulf railroad. Owing to the width of the marsh and the Little Ogeechee River, an advance was impracticable. An outpost was stationed at the abutment of the railroad bridge, the only available ground on my front. At this place one man was killed. On the 19th a work was commenced on the railroad for three guns. It was not completed, however, when the enemy evacuated Savannah. On the morning of the 21st the command moved into Savannah, camping in the suburbs between the Gulf railroad and Shell road.

The conduct of the officers and soldiers of this division is worthy of the highest commendation - always cheerful and complying strictly with all orders, which made the march a very pleasant one. I take pleasure in reporting that not a single man was lost by straggling. The commanding officers of brigades and regiment have my thanks for their co-operation.

The weather during the march was pleasant, and supplies of fowls, pigs, and sweet potatoes abundant, with plenty of forage for the animals.

During the march this command cut about ten miles of road through the woods, and made 5,010 yards of corduroy, not including many places where rails were convenient and could be thrown down without detaining the column.

A few prisoners were captured, and 800 bales of cotton destroyed.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

Major M. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

ADDENDA.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. THIRD DIV., FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Savannah, Ga., December 25, 1864.

The general commanding announces with pride and pleasure that the division was highly complimented by Major-General Sherman for their soldierly bearing and the good condition of their arms. Their Fifty-

