
ninth Indiana and Sixty-third Illinois Regiments were noticed particularly for their good marching. The general would also take this occasion to thank the officers, and soldiers for their prompt execution and compliance with all orders; and the fact that we have lost but one man by straggling during a march of 250 miles is evidence of the good conduct of the command, for which every officer and soldier should be proud, and none more so than the general commanding.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. BUDLONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 31. Report of Brigadier General John M. Corse, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division. HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Savannah, Ga., January 15, 1865.

MAJOR: *

The command by consecutive marches passed through Kingston, Allatoona, and Marietta, and arrived at Atlanta on the morning of the 15th [November], just as the Fifteenth Corps debouched from the town. Twenty days' supplies were loaded on the trains, and the command moved to overtake the corps, and encamped near East Point on the night of the 15th. During the 16th and 17th the column was on the road, and bivouacked near Jackson, Ga., on the 18th. On the night of the 18th the division was put in motion and marched until 10 a. M. of the 19th, when it arrived at the Ocmulgee Mills, where it lay until the entire corps and corps trains had crossed. At noon of the 20th, by direction of the major-General commanding the corps, the division crossed the river. The pontoons were taken up and the train placed under my charge. From the Ocmulgee to Gordon we had continuous wet weather and heavy roads. The command, incumbered by the pontoon train, about 300 wagons belonging to the cavalry division, and a drove of 3,000 head of cattle, struggled through the mud and swamps, making fair progress, and arriving at Gordon, where we for the first time joined our corps after leaving the Ocmulgee River. Here we were relieved of the additional trains, and after one day's rest at Gordon took up our line of march, arriving at the right bank of the Oconee, at Ball's Ferry, November 26, at 10 a. M. The pontoons being speedily laid, the division crossed in advance of the corps and marched to Irwin's Cross-Roads, where we encamped during the 27th.

In accordance with orders from corps headquarters, two brigades (Rice's and Hurlbut's) were sent to the Georgia Central Railroad, at No. 13, to destroy the road between that point and the Oconee River. Six miles were effectually destroyed on tee 27th, and the division united again at a point about twelve miles southwest of Wrightsville. The march from here to the point at which were crossed the Ogeechee was through a country well watered, sparsely inhabited, furnishing, however, by means of extensive foraging parties, abundance of vegetables and stock. On the 3rd of December we camped on Scull's Creek, near No. 7, to which point Rice's brigade was sent to destroy the railroad, while

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations in North Georgia, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 767.

---------------

