
marched the brigade, via Kingston, Allatoona, Big Shanty, Marietta, and Turner's Ferry, to the city of Atlanta. Here I supplied my command with shelter-tents and clothing. This having been hastily done I left the city on the 15th day of November, it being also the date of my arrival, having joined my brigade with the grand army of General Sherman. We passed through Rough and Ready, McDonough, and Jackson, crossing the Ocmulgee River at Seven Islands on the evening of the 19th and morning of the 20th. Here the division took charge of the pontoon train, moving steadily and slowly along over or rather through roads made almost impossible by the incessant rains. Having passed through the towns of Monticello, Hillsborough, and Clinton, the fair weather had greatly improved the roads, and after we had been relieved on the pontoons we moved southward rapidly. We crossed the Georgia Central Railroad at Gordon, and marched on a road south of and parallel to the railroad through the town of Irwinton. Crossing the Oconee River at Ball's Ferry, we camped at Irwin's Cross-Roads during the night.

On the morning of November 22 we struck the Georgia Central Railroad at mile-post 138, and from thence we effectually destroyed the road by burning the ties, bending, twisting, and breaking the rails as far as Station 13, a distance of three or more miles. Moving again on the road south of and parallel to the railroad, we crossed the Ogeechee River, an once more made an effectual destruction of three miles of the same road to Station No. 7. We recrossed the river and struck it again after a long march at a point south of Station No. 2. Here the enemy resisted the crossing, but were easily forced back by the Second Iowa Infantry, which I had deployed as skirmishers, supported by the Seventh Iowa Infantry. The country for nearly three-quarters of a mile was nearly waist deep with water in the swamps and lagoons, through which the troops waded with a good will, driving the enemy into a small rail-work which they had hastily constructed. I endeavored to turn their position and gain the rear of their defenses by throwing a portion of the Second Iowa to their left under cover of a thick woods in that direction, but the troops in their front and on their left could not be held back. They dashed forward with an unparalleled impetuosity, right over the rail-works, capturing 20 prisoners, killing 2, and wounding 4 men. The balance of the rebel force rushed to the railroad, and taking the cars moved off in the direction of Savannah. In this skirmish the Second Iowa Infantry lost 2 men killed and 2 wounded, and the Seventh Iowa Infantry 2 men wounded. The night after the skirmish I threw up a line of works near Station No. 2. On the following morning we took the road north of the Ogeechee River, moved down that stream, crossed the canal and supported the Third Brigade in the skirmish for King's Bridge Cross-Roads on the 9th day of December, 1864. On the 10th day of December the enemy was found occupying a strong position on the north side of the Little Ogeechee River. Here the troops were placed in position. My brigade was assigned the right of the line, which rested on the Anderson plantation one mile west of where the Gulf railroad crosses the Little Ogeechee River. Here we skirmished slightly with the enemy and made demonstrations and reconnaissance until the 21st day of December, when, Savannah being evacuated by the enemy, the brigade marched into the city.

Officers and soldiers, conducted themselves remarkably well during the march. Dwelling houses were not entered by soldiers of this brigade; citizens were not molested in their persons or peaceful pursuit.

9 R R-VOL XLIV

