
Forage, cattle, mules, potatoes, rice, and produce of all kinds were freely taken by the proper forage details and carefully distributed to the troops. The command was abundantly supplied until it reached the Little Ogeechee and took up position in front of the enemy, when a scarcity of rations was observed. The health and spirits of the troops were never better than during the campaign just closed.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. RICE,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

Captain A. W. EDWARDS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 4th Div., 15th Corps.

No. 33. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jerome D. Davis, Fifty-second Illinois Infantry. HDQRS. FIFTY-SECOND Illinois INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, Savannah, ga., December 25, 1864.

LIEUTENANT; In accordance with instructions from your headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the late campaign.

The regiment broke up camp at Rome, Ga., at 10 a. M. November 11, marched eighteen miles, and bivouacked for the night three miles southeast of Kingston. November 12, the regiment marched at 4 a. Mm. and bivouacked for the night two miles south of Allatoona, having marched eighteen miles. November 13, the regiment marched fifteen miles and bivouacked for the night two miles north of Marietta. November 14, the regiment marched fourteen miles and bivouacked for the night on the right bank of the Chattahoochee River, five miles below the railroad bridge. November 15, the regiment crossed the Chattahoochee River, and marched twelve miles and bivouacked for the night near East Point. November 16, the regiment marched twenty miles and bivouacked for the night southeast of Jonesborough. November 17, the regiment marched twenty-five miles and bivouacked for the night near Jackson, ga. November 17, the regiment rested until night, and then marched ten miles and bivouacked until morning. November 19, marched six miles and bivouacked for the night on the right bank of the Ocmulgee River. November 20, the regiment crossed the Ocmulgee River and marched eight miles and bivouacked for the night near Monticello, Ga. November 21, the regiment marched nine miles and bivouacked for the night near Hillsborough, Ga. November 22, the regiment marched nine miles and bivouacked for the night near Clinton, Ga. November 23, the regiment marched nine miles as rear guard for the division train, and did not bivouac until 2 a. M. the next morning. November 24, the regiment marched ten miles, passed through Gordon, and bivouacked for the night in an advanced position three miles southeast of that place. November 25, the regiment marched eighteen miles and bivouacked for the night eight miles south of Irwinton. November 26, the regiment marched six miles, crossed the Oconee River, and bivouacked for the night at Irwin's Cross-Roads, having marched fourteen miles. November 27, the regiment marched six miles to the Georgia Central Railroad, and took their part with the rest of the Fourth Division in burning the railroad for a distance of four miles to Station No. 13,

