
November 28, the regiment marched seventeen miles in a southeasterly direction and bivouacked for the night. November 29, the regiment marched eighteen miles and bivouacked for the night near Slater's Mills. November 30, the regiment marched sixteen miles, and bivouacked for the night near Summerville.

December 1, the regiment marched ten miles and bivouacked for the night six miles west of the Ogeechee River. December 2, the regiment marched to the Ogeechee River, and after some delay a pontoon bridge was laid, and the regiment, with the exception of two companies left to picket the right bank of the river, crossed the river and bivouacked for the night on the left bank. December 3, the regiment marched to the Georgia Central Railroad, and, in conjunction with the other regiments of the brigade, burned two miles of the railroad track to Scarborough Station. The regiment recrossed the river at night and bivouacked near the right bank. December 4, the regiment marched twelve miles nearly parallel with the Ogeechee River and bivouacked for the night. December 5, the regiment marched twenty-two miles in a southeasterly direction and bivouacked for the night. December 6, the regiment rested all day. December 7, the regiment marched thirteen miles to Jenks' Bridge, crossed the Ogeechee River, and supported the Seventh Iowa Infantry, which regiment, in conjunction with the Second Iowa Infantry, supported by the Sixty-sixth Indiana Infantry on our left, drove the rebels some distance beyond Station No. 2. on the Georgia Central Railroad. At sunset the regiment returned half a mile, and bivouacked two miles from the bridge for the night, and built a breast-works of rails. December 8, marched fourteen miles in a southeasterly direction, bivouacked for the night near the Ogeechee Canal, and threw up breast-works. December 9, the regiment marched four miles, bivouacked for the night near the Savannah and Gulf Railroad, and threw up breast-works. December 10, the regiment marched slowly a distance of four miles, and bivouacked for the night on the left of the Savannah road, eight miles distant from the city. December 11, the regiment moved two miles to the right and bivouacked. December 12, the regiment remained quiet all day. At night the regiment moved down near the Little Ogeechee River. Companies G and I were deployed as skirmishers, and advanced to the bank of the river without eliciting any shots from the enemy. After lying upon the bank of the river about an hour the skirmishers were withdrawn and the regiment returned to camp. The regiment, with the exception of details for picket, then remained quietly in camp until the morning of December 21, when it marched eight miles and bivouacked near Savannah.

The regiment sustained but one casualty during the campaign, Sergt. T. Busby, Company E, wounded on the picket-line near the Little Ogeechee River, December 14. No men of the regiment were sent to hospital during the campaign. I would also state that there were captured by the regiment during the campaign 17 horses and 13 mules; also, 1 horse was lost and 1 mule died during the campaign.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. DAVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, commanding.

Lieutenant H. J. SMITH,

Aide-de-Camp, Hdqrs. First Brigadier, Fourth Div., 15th Army Corps.

