
No. 34. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Roger Martin, Sixty-sixty Indiana Infantry. HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH Regiment INDIANA INFANTRY VOLS., Savannah, Ga., December 28, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with General Orders, No. 11, headquarters First Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the late campaign:

The regiment, with the brigade and division, marched from Rome, Ga., at 7 a. M. November 11, and passing through Kingston, encamped near the railroad, two miles south of the town. At 4 a. M. the following day the march was resumed, passing through the towns of Cassville, Cartersville, and Allatoona, also crossing the Etowah River, encamping for the night on Allatoona Creek. The next night bivouacked near the base of Kennesaw Mountain, having passed the towns of Acworth and Big Shanty. On the 14th the regiment marched to the Chattahoochee River, encamping for the night on the west bank of the same, several miles below the railroad bridge. On the 15th Atlanta was reached, and the column halted white the trains were being loaded and clothing and rations issued to the men, after which the march was resumed, halting for the night five miles, south of the city on the McDonough road. Early the following morning the command moved, marching by side of the trains, which was very difficult this day, owing to the narrow road and thick undergrowth; bivouacked for the night about five miles southeast of Jonesborough. November 17, marched at 6 a. M. on the Jackson road, passing through McDonough, and encamped ten miles from Ocmulgee River. The following day did not move until after dark, the Seventeenth Corps having the road during the day. Marched through Jackson and rested until daylight when the march was resumed, reaching the river in the forenoon. At dark, with the Seventh Iowa, the regiment crossed the river and camped two miles beyond. The following day the march was resumed, the regiment being the rear guard, and the roads very heavy owing to the drenching rain of the night before. Mo camp of the division was not reached until after night. Left Monticello early next morning and arrived at Hillsborough at dark. November 22, marched on the road to Clinton, camping near the town during the night. The heavy roads again delayed us, and but a short distance was marched. At noon the next day the regiment moved and continued the march until 1 o'clock at night. This was probably the most disagreeable march of the campaign, owing to the darkness of the night and roughness of the roads. November 24, marched on the Gordon road, passing the town and encamped two miles beyond. November 25, passed through Irwinton and camped near the Oconee River, the regiment this day having the advance of the division. November 26, crossed the river and camped at the cross-roads, six miles beyond. November 27, this day the brigade destroyed three miles of the railroad, camping for the night near Tennille. November 28, 29, and 30, the march was continued through a barren and swampy country.

December 1, this day the march was attended with some difficulty, the road being occupied by the Third Division. December 2, the brigade crossed the Ogeechee River; this regiment, with the Fifty- second Illinois, remained at the crossing, and during the night threw up works to protect the same. December 3, the regiment, with the

