
brigade, was engaged in destroying the road to Scarborough Station; later in the afternoon recrossed the river and encamped for the night. December 4 and 5, the march was continued the right bank of the river, encamping near the same during the night; also during the following day and night. December 7, the regiment, with the brigade, crossed the Ogeechee River again, and the enemy being found, a portion of the Second and Seventh Iowa were deployed as skirmishers, and drove them, the former supported by the Fifty-second Illinois and the latter by this regiment; during the night breast-works of rails and sand were thrown up two miles from the river. December 8, the regiment was this day the rear guard, and when near Eden was fired into by a concealed enemy. Three companies were immediately deployed and pursued the enemy, who fled at once. No casualties occurred. At the railroad crossing the regiment halted and built a barricade, and remained until 8 p. M., when it marched, having charge of the teams of the division, to the Savannah Canal, where it arrived at midnight. December 9, marched in rear of the Second Brigade, who met the enemy early in the morning, but drove them before this regiment, which was deployed on the extreme right, came under fire; built a line of works during the night. December 10, marched on the road leading to Savannah, and found the enemy on the opposite bank of the Little Ogeechee, seven miles from the city; from this time no movement occurred in which this regiment took part until the morning of the 21st, when the city was taken possession of.

There were no casualties in this regiment during the campaign of any kind whatever; the men were in better health and spirits at its close than at its commencement.

Number of public animals lost, 1 horse; number of animals captured, 1 horse and 2 mules.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROGER MARTIN,

Lieutenant-General, commanding.

Lieutenant Henry J. SMITH,

Aide-de-Camp, 1st Brigade, 4th Division, 15th Army Corps.

No. 35. Report of Colonel Noel B. Howard, Second Iowa Infantry. HEADQUARTERS SECOND IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, Savannah, Ga., December 25, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with General Orders, No. 11, headquarters First Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, December 25, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Regiment Iowa Infantry Volunteers, in the campaign just ended:

November 11, the regiment marched from Rome, Ga., on this day with the brigade and division at 7 a. M., passed through Kingston, and camped three miles beyond on the Cassville road. November 12, continued to march, passing through Cassville, Cartersville, and Allatoona, camping two miles beyond the latter place. November 13, the march was resumed at 7 a. M. and Marietta reached, nothing of note occurring. November 14, on this day the regiment was the rear guard of

