
the division, marching behind the train, reaching Turner's Ferry at sunset; the men kept well in ranks. November 15, the regiment moved out with the command on the White Hall road, passed Atlanta, halting beside the road long enough to issue clothing to the men, and encamped four miles beyond the city. November 16, the march was continued on the McDonough road, the command moving alongside the train; the march was rapid and very fatiguing, the weather being warm. November 17, moved at 6 a. M. on the Jackson road and camped four miles from that place, making a tiresome march of twenty-three miles; about one-third of the men fell out of ranks during the day. November 18, on this day the regiment did not leave camp until about 9 p. M., when it moved to the river at Ocmulgee Mills and remained until morning. November 19, did not move, the bridge being occupied by other troops crossing. November 20, the regiment crossed the river at 8 a. M. and, with the Fifty-second Illinois Infantry, remained to protect the pontoons till they were taken up, then marched with the brigade to Monticello, the brigade being the rear guard. November 21, regiment marched at daybreak, passing through Monticello, and camped at Hillsborough; the day was cold and rainy. November 22, the march was continued on this day to within two miles of Clinton and was much delayed by the pontoon train. November 23, the march was resumed at 12 m. on this day and continued till 1 o'clock at night; much confusion existed during the night march on account of the troops marching beside the train. November 24, on this day we marched through Gordon Station, where we reunited with the corps. November 25, passed through Irwinton on a fine road and with fine weather. November 26, on this day the regiment, with the command, passed the Oconee River on pontoons, at 2 p. M., and camped ten miles beyond. The regiment at this place was joined by the three companies of the Third Iowa Infantry, which had been transferred to it. November 27, the regiment, with the remainder of the brigade, was on this day engaged in destroying, and advanced but a few miles from its last camp. November 28, the march on this day was most of the time through pine barrens over new roads. November 29, about twenty miles were made to-day, through a very poor country. November 30 and December 1, the march was continued on both days with no occurrence worthy of note.

December 2, the Ogeechee River was reached on this day and crossed, and the regiment, with the Seventh Iowa Infantry, tore up one mile of the railroad track below Millen. December 3, the regiment, with the brigade, was engaged all day in destroying the railroad, and recrossed the river at night, camping on the west side. December 4 and 5, marched both days down the river road and camped at the cross-roads opposite Station No. 3. December 7, the regiment marched at 7 a. M. and reached the river at 12 m. at a point opposite Station No. 2, where a crossing was to be effected. The enemy appeared in light force on the opposite side with the evident intention of contesting the passage. Pontoons were laid, and the First Brigade being ordered to cross, my regiment, which had the advance, was thrown across at about 1 p. M. and was deployed as skirmishers as soon as the peculiarities of the ground would admit. The enemy's skirmishers fell back, lightly contesting our advance, to a barricade in an open field one mile and a half from the river. Our skirmishers, supported by the reserve of four companies and the Seventh Iowa, advanced briskly and drove the enemy from his position, killing and wounding several, and taking twenty prisoners. An attempt was made to take the enemy's position

