
in flank by advancing the right of my line, with the reserve, along the timber bordering the field, but the sharpness with which the center attacked and the discovery of the flank movement caused the enemy to retreat in confusion before it could be effected. The station, one mile farther on, was occupied by us without further resistance. The loss in the regiment in this affair was 2 killed and 2 wounded, all belonging to Company E. December 8, on this day we made a rapid and fatiguing march of about twelve miles, to the Savannah Canal. December 9, the regiment moved out suddenly with the brigade on this day. The advance of the division camp up with the enemy about three miles out, and after considerable skirmishing drove him from his position, but the regiment was not brought under the firing this affair. December 10, on this day the command marched on the direct Savannah road and found the enemy on the opposite of the Little Ogeechee. December 11 to December 21, in the operations in front of this place, on and near the Little Ogeechee, the regims duty as a part of the brigade without becoming at any time directly engaged with the enemy, and entered the city on the 21st instant with the command.

The losses in the regiment are as follows: * Number of public animals lost, 2 mules; number of prisoners captured, 20, all in the affair of the 7th instant; number of animals captured, 10 horses and 8 mules.

Among the losses of the regiment during the march it pains me to enumerate Cap. John A. Duckworth, who died of disease on the 13th instant. He was a veteran actuated by the pursued feelings of patriotism, and his loss is one of the greatest the regiment had endured since its organization.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. HOWARD,

Colonel Second Iowa Infantry Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant H. J. SMITH,

Aide-de-Camp, 1st Brigade, 4th Division, 15th Army Corps.

No. 36. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James C. Parrott, Seventh Iowa Infantry. HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH IOWA VETERAN INFANTRY, Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with General Orders, No. 11, dated headquarters First Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, Savannah, Ga., December 25, 1864, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Iowa Veteran Infantry in the recent campaign from Rome to Savannah, Ga., during the months of November and December, 1864:

The regiment left Rome, Ga., on the 11th of November, 1864, and camped two miles south of Kingston, having marched a distance of sixteen miles. November 12, marched to Allatoona and camped two miles south of that place; distance, eighteen miles. November 13, marched seventeen miles and camped near the eastern base of Kennesaw Mountain. November 14, marched to the Chattahoochee River, camping at Turner's Ferry; distance, fifteen miles. November 15, marched

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 enlisted men killed and 3 wounded.

---------------

