
to Atlanta, drew clothing, rations, &amp;c., then marched five miles and camped in the vicinity of East Point; distance, fourteen miles. November 16, marched on the McDonough road and camped on Indian Cotton Creek; distance, twenty miles. November 17, passed through McDonough and camped near Jackson; distance, twenty miles. November 18, remained in camp all day; broke camp at dark, marched through Jackson and camped in the vicinity of the Ocmulgee River about 12 midnight; distance, ten miles. November 19, left camp early in the morning, and after some delay crossed the Ocmulgee at sunset; marched two miles and went into camp; distance, five miles. November 20, remained in camp till 1 p. M. (detained by pioneer corps, who were taking up pontoons), then marched eight miles and camped in a pine grove. November 21, left camp at 12 m., weather rainy and unpleasant; marched through Hillsborough, camping about dark near said place. November 22, marched at 7 a. M., weather very unpleasant and cold, with snow; marched about ten miles, and, being in advance of the brigade, and owing to the bad condition of the roads which detained the train, camped on a creek some two miles in advance of the brigade. November 23, left camp about 11 a. M., passing through Clinton; marched till 1 p. M. next morning and camped near cross-roads; distance, thirteen miles. November 24, marched to Gordon and went into camp about one mile from town; distance, eight miles. November 25, broke camp at 5. 30 a. M., and marched eighteen miles, passing through Irwinton, and camped at Duryea's Store. November 26, left camp at 6 a. M., crossed the Oconee River at 12 m., marched eight miles beyond, making in all fourteen miles. November 27, marched at 6 a. M. in the direction of the Georgia Central Railroad and destroyed one mile of the same, then proceeded to Station No. 13 and camped, having no transportation with the brigade. November 28, marched at 5. 30 a. M. ; at 9 a. M. came in contact with Third Division; camped at 3 p. M. near a large swamp; distance marched, ten miles. November 29, left camp at 5 a. M., crossing the swamp, and marched over bad roads, camping at sunset; distance marched, eighteen miles. November 30, marched at 6. 30 a. M., passing through the town of Summerville, and camped four miles from the Ogeechee River; distance, fifteen miles.

December 1, marched at 7 a. M. toward the Ogeechee, then down the river, parallel with it, a distance of fifteen miles. December 2, marched at 6. 30 a. M. ; crossed Scull's Creek; then crossed the Ogeechee and proceeded to the Georgia Central Railroad, and destroyed one mile of it about four miles east from Millen; camped at dark near railroad. December 3, moved at daylight, and commenced further destruction of the road; at 2 p. M. ; had destroyed two miles, as far as Station No. 7; then recrossed the Ogeechee and went into camp. December 4, took up our line of march at 6 a. M., and marched twelve miles. December 5, marched at daylight; the Seventh Iowa was soon ordered to the front in support of the Second Brigade, but did not overtake them; camped at dark near the Ogeechee; distance, eighteen miles. December 6, remained in camp all day. December 7, marched at 6. 30 a. M. and struck the Ogeechee at 11 a. M. ; laid pontoons and cros Met the enemy in small force; had a lively skirmish and drove them to Station No. 2, where they went on board a train and left in the direction of Savannah. In this skirmish I had two men slightly wounded. Moved to the rear of Station No. 2 about one mile and camped for the night, leaving Company K on picket guard at the station. December 8, marched at 8 a. M. and struck the Ogeechee and Savannah Canal at 2 p. M. ; where we went into camp. Here shovels were sent to the front, and we, for the first time

