
the flanks and ordered to move forward, supported by the Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry on the right and the Twelfth Illinois Infantry on the left of the road, the Eighty-first Ohio Infantry being held in reserve. After moving forward about half a mile in this manner the skirmish line was strengthened by two companies, one from the Eighty-first Ohio and one from the Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry, and ordered to charge the enemy's works, which was successfully done, resulting in the capture of one 12-pounder rifled gun and twelve prisoners, besides securing for us the important position we desired. We continued, however, to drive the enemy until we reached the west branch of the Little Ogeechee River, the bridge over which he had partially destroyed. Here the brigade was halted and ordered to return to the division. 10th, two regiments of the brigade, Twelfth Illinois and Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry, were ordered to move to the Gulf railroad bridge, over the Little Ogeechee River, and, if possible, effect a crossing, the Eighty-first Ohio Infantry being left to guard division supply train. Arriving at Station No. 1 on the above-named railroad one company of the Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry were deployed as skirmishers, supported by one company of the Twelfth Illinois Infantry, and ordered to move forward to the railroad bridge, and the two regiments moved down on the right of the railroad, under cover to within a quarter of a mile of the bridge. Here the ground became so marshy on either side of the railroad that it was impossible for even the skirmish line to advance farther, except only the few men that were marching on the railroad. It now being ascertained that the bridge could only be reached by the railroad, and that it had been burning for some time, and no enemy having yet been discovered, Captain James Compton was ordered to move down the railroad with the men and effect a crossing if possible. He accordingly advanced to the railroad bridge, and was about to make some arrangement by which to cross himself and men, when the enemy suddenly opened upon him from behind the abutment on the opposite side of the river. Here the captain discovered he was confronted by a considerable force of the enemy behind works (both artillery and infantry), and that the only approach to the river was by the railroad. These facts having been reported, an effort was made to find a crossing at some point above the bridge, but without success. The picket-post then at the bridge was strengthened and ordered to open a brisk fire upon the enemy for the purpose of more fully developing his forces. The enemy returned the fire from behind the abutment of the bridge on the opposite side of the river and from his works a few hundred yards from the river, and also used two pieces of artillery. A brisk fire was kept up until dark, when, by direction of the general commanding division, the brigade was withdrawn and encamped on Miller's plantation, at Station No. 1.

On the 11th an effort was made to find a crossing at some point below the bridge. The Twelfth Illinois Infantry was accordingly sent out for this purpose, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Van Sellar. The colonel spent most of the day in this search, but could not find even and approach to the river. After examining the north shore of the river to within range of the guns of Fort McAllister he returned to camp. The brigade remained in camp on Miller's plantation until the 14th, when it was ordered to join the division then encamped on the Anderson plantation. Here the Eighty-first Ohio Infantry (having been left on the 10th as guard to division supply train) joined the brigade. Previous to this, however, this regiment had been ordered to the front, and while engaged in throwing up a line of breast-works

