
lost one man, mortally wounded by a fragment of a shell. Nothing of importance occurred (the brigade lying quietly in camp) until the night of the 19th, when another attempt was made to cross the Little Ogeechee River. The order was simply to effect a crossing with a few men, to reconnoiter the ground on the south bank preparatory to effecting a crossing in force on the following night. The crossing was successfully made under the immediate supervision of First Lieutenant William Pittman, of Eighty-first Ohio Infantry, with ten men from the Eighty-first Ohio Infantry, and Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry, who volunteered for the purpose. This hazardous movement was accomplished without loss, or without even being discovered by the enemy. Although Lieutenant Pittman is ever first in the line of duty, yet for his conduct on this occasion he deserves special mention, as well as Sergeant Mason and the men who accompanied him. No advantage, however, was obtained from this crossing, the enemy having on the night of the 20th, evacuated the works in our front, thus leaving us the free passage of the river and in quiet possession of the beautiful city of Savannah.

The casualties of this command during the campaign were 4 enlisted men - 1 captured and 3 wounded, 2 severely, and 1 mortally.

The campaign, with the exception of a few days, was a pleasant one. Men had an abundance to eat and arrived at Savannah, as they had been during the entire march, in the best spirits and condition possible.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. N. ADAMS,

Colonel Eighty-first Ohio Infantry, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain A. W. EDWARDS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

No. 38. Report of Major Wheelock S. Merriman, twelfth Illinois Infantry. HDQRS. TWELFTH Regiment Illinois INFANTRY VOLS., Savannah, Ga., January 2, 1865.

SIR: *

November 14, passed through Marietta and marched to Turner's Ferry; fifteen miles. November 15, marched into Atlanta with supply train, and at 5 p. M. moved to East Point, having marched eleven miles. November 16, marched about eighteen miles through a wooded country, leaving Jonesborough to the right. November 17, marched about twenty miles, passing through McDonough. Moved at 5 p. M. on the 18th, and marched ten miles, going through Jackson. November 19, marched nine miles to Ocmulgee River at Seven Islands Factory, and crossed in on the 20th, marching to Monticello; nine miles. On the 21st marched to Hillsborough, ten miles over had roads. November 22, marched about ten miles over very bad roads, and on the 23rd passed through Clinton, marching about twelve miles; lost one man near Clinton, captured by guerrillas. November 24, passed through Gordon and camped two miles south; distance, seven miles. On the 25th passed through Irwinton; marched eighteen miles and reached Oconee River. Crossed it on the 26th and camped at Irwin's Cross-Roads; seventeen

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations in North Georgia, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 775.

---------------

