
miles march. Moved at 2 p. M. November 27, and marched five miles. Marched sixteen miles on the 28th, passing through Wrightsville. 29th, marched eighteen miles through a very swampy country, and crossed the headwaters of the Little Ohoopee River. 30th of November, passed Summerville, marching fourteen miles.

December 1, marched ten miles, and on the 2nd marched to Scull's Creek and camped near it. December 3, crossed the Ogeechee River; was on picket four miles from Millen, and returned at 5 p. M. 4th, marched town the Ogeechee River fifteen miles. 5th, marched eighteen miles and camped on the bank of the Ogeechee, but finding a bad crossing, lay in camp on the 6th, and on the 7th marched to Jenks' Bridge; eleven miles. On the 8th crossed the Ogeechee and marched to the Ogeechee Canal; fifteen miles. On the 9th marched four miles, and found the enemy in force behind breast-works hastily constructed of logs and rails, though in some places dirt had been thrown up. The Sixty-sixth Illinois deployed across the main road as skirmishers, while the regiment and Eighty-first Ohio marched by the flank until the enemy were driven from their first position, after which they were deployed in line of battle on the left of the road. The enemy retreated to prevent capture by flank movements, and were pursued across Saltwater Creek. On the 10th the regiment and Sixty-sixth Illinois were sent to burn the railroad bridge over the Little Ogeechee, but the enemy burnt it on our approach. We lay in camp on the 12th and 13th, and on the 14th joined the division in line of battle on Anderson's plantation. Lay in camp on the 15th and 16th, and reported to the provost-marshal-General, Fifteenth Army Corps, on the 17th, by order of General Corse. On the 18th started for McAllister with rebel prisoners, and while in camp there, awaiting transportation to Hilton Head, received information of the capture of Savannah. 23d, sent the prisoners on the steamer Ashland (Lieutenant-Colonel Van Sellar taking 100 men with him, as guards, to Hilton Head), and on the 24th rejoined the brigade at this place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WHEELOCK S. MERRIMAN,

Major, commanding Twelfth Regiment Illinois Infantry Vols.

Lieutenant WILLIAM PITTMAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army Corps.

No. 39. Report of Captain William S. Boyd, Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry. HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH Illinois INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, Savannah, Ga., January 2, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: *

The same can be said of our march from Atlanta, commencing on the 15th of November, through the town of McDonough, Jackson, Monticello, Hillsborough, Clinton, Gordon, Irwinton, and the country intervening, and the pine barrens of Johnson and Emanuel Counties, to the Ogeechee River at Scull's Creek. Here, on the 3rd of December, we crossed the river to the east side and lay in the intrenchments

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations in North Georgia, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 776.

---------------

