
during the day, recrossing at night and resuming our march the next day down the west side of the river. On the 8th crossed the Ogeechee at a point opposite Eden, and moved southward to the Ogeechee Canal, camping on the north side. On the morning of the 9th moved forward in advance of the brigade, across the canal, and down the Eden road. The enemy appearing in our front, Companies A, c, and I were advanced and deployed as skirmishers on both sides of the road, the regiment moving in line of battle in support of the skirmish line. At 11. 30 o'clock the skirmishers engaged the enemy, driving him back to his works near the Savannah road, which were stormed and taken by the skirmish line, supported by this regiment and the brigade, the enemy fleeing precipitately after a short but brisk resistance, leaving in our possession one 12-pounder Blakely rifled cannon and 10 or 12 prisoners. Our loss was 1 man severely wounded. Went into camp on the field of action. On the morning of the 10th of December, moved in company with the Twelfth Illinois to Station No. 1. on the Gulf railroad, advancing from there along the railroad as near to the bridge over the Little Ogeechee as we could approach. Company E was deployed as skirmishers on the west bank of the river, and engaged the enemy on the opposite side in a brisk skirmish, which was kept up till night, resulting in no loss on our part. Camped on Doctor Miller's plantation till the evening of the 14th of December, when we moved across the west branch of the Little Ogeechee to Anderson's plantation, where we remained till the morning of the 21st of December, nothing in the meantime of importance transpiring. On the morning of the 21st moved forward toward the Little Ogeechee, Companies A and H being deployed as skirmishers. The river was crossed without opposition, and the skirmishers being advanced on the east bank it was soon ascertained that the enemy evacuated his works, leaving his heavy artillery in our possession. Our march from here to Savannah was unopposed, the city and works having been evacuated on the night of the 20th.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. BOYD,

Captain, commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant WILLIAM PITTMAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army Corps.

No. 40. Report of Major William C. Henry, Eighty-first Ohio Infantry, of operations October 5 - December 21.

HDQRS. EIGHTY-FIRST OHIO INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, Savannah, Ga., January 2, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular from headquarters Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, I would respectfully submit the following report:

From the 5th of October until the 11th of November, 1864, the regiment was stationed at Rome, ga., doing garrison duty. During this time the regiment, with its brigade, made several reconnaissance, which were accomplished without loss. On the 29th of October the regiment received orders to prepare for a "long, arduous, and successful campaign," and the necessary preparations were made to place the command in the very best possible condition for active service.

