
camp on the 9th until a. M., and were then ordered forward; moved in a south direction until we entered the main road leading from

King's Bridge, over the Ogeechee, direct to Savannah, which we followed for two miles, and went into camp on the left of the same, and, under orders from the general commanding threw up strong breast-works in our front, the enemy being reported in the immediate vicinity. On this day the mounted portion of the Seventh Illinois, under Colonel Perrin, moved in advance of the Second Brigade, and, on approaching the cross-roads, moved on the flanks of the brigade, skirmishing with the enemy during the engagement that followed; and, after taking possession of the cross-roads, by direction of General Corse, Lieutenant-Colonel Perrin proceeded with one company to the Gulf railroad, which he effectually destroyed for a distance of 200 yards, thereby stopping and capturing a locomotive and train of cars, which he destroyed, and capturing 25 prisoners, whom he turned over to the provost-marshal-General. On the morning of the 10th, at 2 a. M., five companies of the Thirty-ninth Iowa Infantry were ordered to report to Captain Barbour, chief of grand guard of the division; were sent forward by him on the Savannah road. At 7 a. M. the brigade moved forward being the advance of the division; two miles out crossed Salt Creek, where the road for some distance was submerged by tide water. A little farther on came up with the five companies of the Thirty-ninth Iowa, sent forward as before stated. On moving still farther two companies of the Thirty-ninth Iowa were detailed to rebuild a small bridge that had that morning been destroyed by the enemy. Here the Seventh Illinois were thrown forward deployed as skirmishers, and exchanged shots with the enemy. It being soon ascertained that the enemy had planted a portion of his artillery so as to command the road, the column was ordered to keep to the right of the road under cover of the timber. On reaching a field the column was ordered to form in line of battle by battalion; did so; moved across the field and halted. The skirmish line was here strengthened, the right by two companies from the Thirty-ninth Iowa, the left by one company from the Fiftieth Illinois and one from the Fifty-seventh Illinois. The command then moved forward three-quarters of a mile until the camp of the enemy was distinctly visible some 1,500 yards distant across open field and one the east side of the Little Ogeechee, strongly intrenched. By order of the commanding general the battalions in reserve were ordered to halt under cover of timber. I ordered the Seventh Illinois as skirmishers, with strong reserve, to advance across the open field and develop the enemy, which was done most valiantly, under command of Major Johnson, who advanced his skirmishers to within about 400 yards of the works under heavy fire from enemy's artillery. Remaining in present position until 4 p. M., received orders to move the battalion, then in reserve, into camp about three-quarters of a mile to the rear, Major Johnson, holding skirmish line until relieved at night, coming into camp about 7 p. M. December 11, moved to right and rear three-quarters of a mile; was ordered to make permanent camp. Remained in camp until morning of the 21st, in the meantime furnishing men for skirmish or picket duty on our front. No casualties occurred to the men, and but slight firing, while on duty. Moved in town 21st, and bivouacked in suburbs of city. December 22, moved into Fort Brown and ordered to make camp. During the march the men have deported themselves as good soldiers. The march being long and tedious a portion of the time the men were quite short of rations, but expressed no complaint.

10 R R-VOL XLIV

