
campaign: 26,500 yards of corduroy, 700 yards of bridging, 19 miles of road cut through timber, 2,100 yards of obstructions cleared out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Major-General.

Captain SAMUEL L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General, army of the Tennessee.

No. 44. Report of Major General Joseph A. Mower, U. S. Army, commanding First Division. HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Savannah, Ga., December 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command during the recent campaign:

My division left Marietta, Ga., on the 13th of November, and reached Atlanta the same day. We again took up our line of march on the 15th, crossed the Ocmulgee River on the 18th, and arrived at Gordon (the junction of the Milledgeville with the Georgia Central Railroad) on the 22nd of November. Here we destroyed five miles of the Milledgeville Railroad. We again moved on the 24th and destroyed five miles, and on the 25th four miles of the Georgia Central Railroad. On the 26th crossed the Oconee River, and on the 30th the Ogeechee River.

December 1, 1864, destroyed five miles of railroad. December 2, crossed Buck Head Creek, encamping at Millen, ga. December 3, destroyed two miles and a half. December 4, destroyed three miles of railroad. December 5, crossed the Little Ogeechee. December 6, destroyed six of railroad. December 9, my command had the advance. We found the enemy in position behind an earth-work at the end of a causeway leading through a swamp, the swamp extending around on both their flanks. I detached one brigade, Brigadier-General Sprauge's with a section of artillery to engage the enemy in front, whilst I took two brigades (General Fuller's and Colonel Tillson's) around the enemy's right. The troops waded through a cypress swamp to get to the enemy's works. The enemy retired as we approached. We drove them about seven miles, skirmishing with them constantly, artillery being used on both sides. I lost one of my staff officers on that day, killed, Lieutenant W. H. Hamrick, acting assistant quartermaster. December 10, I received an order to effect a lodgment on the south side of the canal leading from the Savannah to the Ogeechee River. I succeeded without march opposition, driving a small party of the enemy that were at the canal back to their earth-works, which, were about 1,000 yards from the point where I crossed. Skirmishing was kept up during the day; at the same time I sent out reconnoitering parties in every direction, for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not the enemy's works could be approached at any point excepting in front, where we would have been obliged to pass over an open field some half a mile in extent, should we have attacked them there. The field I occupied was found to be bordered with swamps all around excepting front. I had a staff officer, Lieutenant O'Reily (aide-de-camp), wounded during the day whilst he was with me, endeavoring to find a position for a battery. That night we threw up a line

