
I must make honorable mention of Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding my First Brigade, and Colonel R. K. Scott, commanding the Second Brigade, for the close and soldierly manner in which they have marched and cared for their troops.

My losses during the campaign have been: Killed, 2; wounded, 10; missing, 19.

Of the missing, Privates John O'Lahiff, John Ford, Sanford Failing, Mirionompany; John Pelz, B Company; James H. Shannon, C Company; Martin Purcell, F Company; Edward Kelly, H Company, and Edward T. Evans, I Company, Seventeenth Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry, were captured while straggling in violation of orders. I have issued orders stopping their pay of the whole time they may be prisoners of war, and they will be subject to such additional punishment as may be inflicted by a court-martial when they are returned.

When we started from Atlanta my transportation was in bad condition, the mules being very poor and weak, but during the march many of these mules died or were killed to prevent them from falling into the enemy's hands and their places supplied with captured mules. We reached Savannah with superb transportation-never in better condition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. D. LEGGETT,

Brigadier-General.

Captain C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventeenth Army Corps.

Numbers 46. Report of Brigadier General Manning F. Force, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations December 2.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Ga., December 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I struck the railroad at Station 9, at the beginning of dawn this morning, and worked thence to Buck Head Creek, destroying in each mile a section the length of the brigade, all trestles and culverts, burning the depot and tanks, a considerable amount of new ties and prepared timber, and a flat-boat loaded with cord wood. In the sections destroyed the ties and stringers were burned and the rails bent. A pile of rails near the road was also bent by fire. A small section of quadruple track west of Station 9 was also destroyed. No cotton was found. The road was extremely intersected with culverts and small trestles. Some of these were banked up and the track partly excavated, in the hope that rising water might destroy it. I regret to say that the trestle nearest Buck Head Creek may not be thoroughly destroyed. It was reached at the close of the afternoon, and was thought at first to be needed for the crossing of troops. I never saw men work more honestly. they toiled zealously on the track ten hours, with one short respite for coffee.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. FORCE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

Captain C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

