
train, and started about 3 p. m. of that day, crossed the Ogeechee River, and after loading the train twenty-seven miles from the city, returned to King's Bridge and were engaged in unloading steamers until the 24th of December, when we entered the city of Savannah.

In conclusion, I will say that the march was a very pleasant one; our foragers kept us abundantly supplied with potatoes, pork, poultry, &amp;c., and with the exception of a few cases of measles the health of the regiment was remarkably good.

A few days before leaving Marietta we received 185 drafted men from the State of Indiana, and for raw recruits they stood the march far better than I supposed they would.

The following is a list of casualties during the campaign: died of disease, 4; wounded, 1 (privates).

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. DUNCAN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant A. S. KINSLOE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 49. Report of Major General Henry W. Slocum, U. S. Army, commanding Left Wing, of operations September 29-December 21.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,Savannah, Ga., January 9, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submitting the following report of operations of the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps during the recent campaign:

By virtue of Special Field Orders, Numbers 120, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, November 9, 1864, the army, then in the field near Kingston and Atlanta, was divided into wings, the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps constituting the Left Wing of the army. Prior to this organization these corps had formed a part of the Army of the Cumberland, under Major General George H. Thomas, the Fourteenth under command of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis, and the Twentieth Corps occupied the city and the line of works constructed by the enemy, and was engaged in the construction of a new line of works designed to enable a small garrison to hold the place. Heavy details were constantly employed in this work from October 5 to November 1. On the 29th of September General Morgan's division of the Fourteenth corps moved by railroad to Chattanooga and Huntsville, to protect our communications, which were then threatened by General Forrest. The other two divisions moved with the main army in its operations against the enemy under General Hood.

On the 24th of October General Morgan's division rejoined the corps at Gaylesville, Ala. On the 2nd of November this corps was concentrated at Kingston, Ga., where preparations were made for the campaign just closed. On the 13th of November it was engaged in the destruction of the railroad from Etowah River to Big Shanty, and on the 14th moved to Atlanta. During this movement the Twentieth Corps

