
was left for the defense of Atlanta. The hospitals of every corps of the army, containing many of our sick and wounded, were located within the line of works constructed by the enemy; and the nature of the movement of our forces operating against General Hood had also compelled the commanders of every corps to leave at this point a portion of their artillery, together with all surpluse transportation and stores. In addition to the troops and stores belonging strictly to the Twentieth Corps, there remained at the post 12,700 wounded, sick, and convalescent soldiers, eighty pieces of artillery, and over 5,000 horses and mules, together with much other valuable property. The duty of protecting this property and securing supplies for the garrison and forage for the animals devolved upon the Twentieth Corps. At the time our railroad communication was destroyed at Kingston and Big Shanty, the amount of subsistence stores on hand was deemed amply sufficient to sustain the garrison until communication could be re-established; but it was subsequently found necessary to send a portion of these supplies to the main army at Rome. The supply of forage on hand was not sufficient for the animals for over three days. I was, therefore, compelled not only to reduce the issue of meat to a half ration, but to resort to the country for supplies of subsistence as well as forage. From the 10th of October to the 4th of November foraging expeditions, together with subsistence for the foraging parties. Great credit is due General Geary, Colonels Robinson, Dustin, and Carman, the officers commanding the several expeditions; also to Colonel Garrard and the brigade of cavalry under his command.

The Twentieth Corps left Atlanta on the morning of November 15, marching via Stone Mountain and Social Circle to Madison, arriving at the latter place on the evening of the 18th. At that point General Geary's division moved to the Oconee and destroyed the railroad bridge over that river, the other divisions moving direct to Milledgeville via Eatonton, Geary's division rejoining the corps at Little River. The corps reached Milledgeville on the 22nd of November. Two regiments were sent forward to take possession of the city and establish the necessary guards.

The Fourteenth Corps left Atlanta on the morning of November 16 and moved, via Decatur, Covington, and Shanty Dale, to Milledgeville, arriving at the latter place November 23.

The Georgia Railroad was destroyed by the Fourteenth Corps from Lithonia to Yellow River, and from Social Circle to Madison by the Twentieth Corps. It was also broken at several points between Madison and the Oconee River, and the bridge at that river burned by Geary's division of the Twentieth Corps.

On the 24th of November both corps moved from near Milledgeville to Sandersville, the Fourteenth via Black Spring, and the Twentieth via Herbon. The two cops reached Sanderville almost simultaneously on the morning of November 26, driving the enemy's cavalry very rapidly through the town. On ths moved toward Louisville, two divisions of the Fourteenth, unencumbered by wagons, going via Fenn's Bridge for the purpose of protecting our left flank and to uncover the crossing of Ogeechee River and Rocky Comfort Creek at a point near Louisville. Two divisions of the Twentieth Corps moved along the Georgia Central Railroad, from Tennille to the Ogeechee River, destroying the road and bridges. The remaining division of

