
foraged upon by both armies, we experienced no difficulty in obtaining supplies for both men and animals. Even the most unproductive sections along our line of march yielded enough for our support so long as the march could be continued from day to day. It was thirty-four days from the date my command left Atlanta to the day supplies were received from the fleet. The total number of rations required during this period was 1,360,000. Of this amount there was issued by the subsistence department 440,900 rations of bread, 142,473 rations of meat, 876,800 of coffee and tea, 778,466 of sugar, 213,500 of soap, and 1,123,000 of salt. As the troops were well supplied at all times, if we deduct the above issues from the amount actually due the soldier, we have the approximate quantities taken from the country, viz, rations of bread, 919,000; meat, 1,217,527; coffee, 483,000; sugar, 581,534; soap, 1,146,500; salt, 137,000. The above is the actual saving to the Government in issue of rations during the campaign, and it is probable that even more than the equivalent of the above supplies was obtained by the soldiers from the country.

Four thousand and ninety valuable horses and mules were captured during the march and turned over to the quartermaster's department. Our transportation was in far better condition on our arrival at Savannah than t was at the commencement of the campaign. The average number of horses and mules with my command, including those of the pontoon train and a part of the Michigan Engineers, was 14,500. We started from Atlanta with four days' grain in wagons. Estimating the amount fed the animals at the regulation allowance, and deducting the amount on hand on leaving Atlanta, I estimate the amount of grain taken from the country at 5,000,000 pounds; fodder, 6,000,000 pounds; beside the forage consumed by the immense herds of cattle that were driven with the different columns.

It is very difficulty to estimate the amount of damage done the enemy by the operations of the troops under my command during the campaign; 119 miles of railroad were thoroughly and effectually destroyed, scarcely a tie or rail, a bridge or culvert, on the entire line being left in a condition to be of use again. At Rutledge, Madison, Eatonton, MilledgevilleDavisborough, machine-shops, turn-tables, depots, water-tanks, and much other valuable property were destroyed. The quantity of cotton destroyed is estimated by my subordinate commanders at 17,000 bales. A very large number of cotton gins and presses were also destroyed. Negro men, women, and children joined the column at every mile of our march; many of them bringing horses and mules, which they cheerfully turned over to the officers of the quartermaster's department. I think at least 14,000 of these people joined the two columns at different points on the march, but many of them were too old and infirm, and others too young, to endure the fatigues of the march, and were therefore left in rear. More than one-half of the above number, however, reached the coast with us. Many of the able-bodied men were transferred to the officers of the quartermaster and subsistence departments, and others were employed in the two corps as teamsters, cooks, and servants. Twenty-three hundred stand of small-arms, and a large quantity of powder, were captured at Milledgeville. Fifty-one pieces of artillery were abandoned by the enemy, on his evacuation of Savannah, on the line in front of my command. Thirty-eight pieces in addition to the above were also found in works first entered by the Twentieth Corps. A very large amount of ordnance stores was also found in and about the city.

