
Downey, reached my camp late in the night. 19th, dismantled the bridge over the Ulcofauhachee and marched eighteenth miles during the day. 20th, 21st, and 22nd were passed in marching. 23d, reached and encamped in the city of Milledgeville. 24th, marched at 9 a. m., moving on the road to Sandersville. 25th, moved forward a few miles to built one small trestle bridge during the night. 26th, took up the pontoon bridge and marched the same day to Sandersville, a distance of ten miles. 27th, sent Major Downey, with two companies and 120 feet of bridge, to report to General Baird, whose division marched on the extreme left flank. The remainder of my command moved o the river road from Louisville with Generals Carlin's and Morgan's divisions of reached there the same evening; fund Colonel Moore's bridge thrown over the large Ogeechee, and Major Downey's thrown over the small Ogeechee River, near Louisville; finished conduroying the swamps on either side of the Ogeechee River. We remained in camp near Louisville until the afternoon of December 1.

December 1, marched at 1 p. m., going a distance of twelve miles on the road to Millen. 2nd, continued our march the whole day. 3rd, in the morning threw two bridges-one over Buck Head Creek and also one over Rosemary Creek; took the same bridge up in the evening and marched six miles on the road to Jacksonborough. 4th, marched all day and camped near Lumpkin's Station, on the Waynesborough railroad. 5th, marched twelve miles and camped on Beaver Dam Creek, and by 10 o'clock at night we built one trestle bridge over Beaver Dam Creek for Generals Baird and Kilpatrick. 6th, marched seventeen miles. 7th, marched twenty-five miles, reaching Ebenezer Creek; commenced building a trestle bridge over Ebenezer Creek, working my men all night. 8th, finished the trestle bridge in the morning and also threw a pontoon bridge over Lockner's Creek, four miles in advance. 9th, took up both bridges and moved forward during the night toward Savannah. 10th, continued our march. 11th, marched six miles and camped near the Savannah River, within six miles of Savannah City; Lieutenant-Colonel Moore reported and rejoined my command with his detachment. 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th, and 17th, remained in camp idle. 18th, made 700 fascines during the day, night, and part of the 19th. 20th, received orders to thorn a pontoon bridge from Argyle Island to the main South Carolina shore; worked all night; boating my material to the point, and had the bridge half completed when orders were received to take it up and march into Savannah, on the morning of December 21, 1864.

My command, consisting of about 900 men and 600 mules, started from Atlanta with four days' forage and twenty [days'] rations. My men and mules lived well throughout the whole campaign and had been in Savannah several days before we drew rations from the U. S. Government. My entire command was in better condition when it arrived in Savannah than when it left Atlanta.

Before closing this report I desire to tender my thanks to Lieutenant-Colonel Moore and Major Downey, each of whom ably commanded detachments of regiment, displaying a degree of energy and perseverance entitling them to special notice. Capts. James M. Smith and C. C. Whiting rendered very important services in their positions as commanders of pontoon sections. Captain Woodford Tousey, commissary;

11 R R-VOL XLIV

