
several pertinacious attempts to drive in our pickets, except division, which, in compliance with orders from wing headquarters, marched to Sebastopol, with a view to uncovering the crossing of the Ogeechee by other troops advancing in that direction.

December 1, in the general advance of the army upon Millen my general instructions required my column to cross Bluck Head Creek at some point between Waynesborough and Birdville, for which place the Twentieth Corps was moving. Buck Head bridge, near the church of that name, was designated as my objective point, and Baird, wit Kilpatrick's cavalry, was ordered to move in the direction of Waynesborough, and, after crossing Buck Head Creek, to more down the east bank and take position near Reynolds, not far from the church. This Kilpatrick and Baird accomplished by the afternoon of the 2nd. Morgan's division, in charge of the whole corps train, moved on the direct road to Buck Head bridge and encamped ten miles from Louisville. On the 2nd Carlin's division joined the column from his flank movement in the direction of Sebastopol, and the corps went into camp at the crossing of the Birdville and Waynesborough roads, about two miles from the bridge. The change in the direction of march of the Twentieth Corps again caused a deflection in my line of march, and on the morning of the 3rd I caused pontoon bridges to be laid across the creek at a point about five miles higher up the stream, and commenced crossing my troops and trains at 10. 30 o'clock. Jacksonborough had by this time been designated by the general commanding as the next objective point to move from Reynolds in the direction of Waynesborough, with a view to leading the enemy to believe that our next advance would be upon Augusta. Carlin and Morgan, after a hard day's work upon the roads, went into camp at Lumpkin's Station; Baird and Kilpatrick took position near Thoma's Station, where the enemy was found in considerable force.

December 4, Carlin's and Morgan's divisions, with the corps trains, after destroying three miles of railroad, moved in Jacksonborough, through Habersham, and encamped on the farm of Mrs. Smith, thirteen miles from Lumpkin's Station. Baird and Kilpatrick, after some fighting with Wheeler's cavalry, drove the enemy from Waynesborough and across Brier Creek. Baird, in the meantime, destroyed three miles of railroad near Thomas' Station. The 5th, after a hard day's march over country roads which required much repairing, the whole corps, with Kilpatrick's cavalry, encamped in the vicinity of Jacksonborough, the advance at Buck Creek Post-Office. During the night the bridge across Beaver Dam Creek at Jacksonborough, which had been destroyed, was rebuilt by Colonel Buell, and early on the morning of the 6th the whole column marched on the river road, ad went into camp at and in advance of Hudson's Ferry, making an average march of about twenty miles. December 7, the column moved in the same order of march; Baird and Kilpatrick, unencumbered by the trains, covered the rear. Morgan's division and the pontoon train reached Ebenezer Creek late in the evening, and went immediately to work cutting away the fallen timber which obstructed the roadway through the immense swamp which skirts the creek on both sides at this point. The pontoniers, under Colonel Buell, set to work at once, notwithstanding an exceedingly hard day's march, to reconstruct the bridge, and by noon the next day the column commenced crossing this formidable defile. Notwithstanding the immense amount of labor expended

