
animals, and, according to the report of the corps commissary, about 1,500 cattle and several hundred sheep were captured. About 1,340 negroes, mostly able-bodied males, followed the column; 115 Confederate prisoners and 34 deserters from the enemy were taken. The corps quartermaster estimates that about 1,000,730 pounds of fodder and about 1,474,834 pounds of grain were obtained from the country. What amounts of provisions for the men were obtained by the foraging parties constantly out from the different brigades of the command it is impossible to state with accuracy. Probably the nearest approximation which can be given will be to state that the corps left Atlanta on the 16th day of November with but seven and one-half days' supplies of the substantial ration. It arrived before Savannah December 11 with about five days' in the wagons, only three and one-half days' having been issued and lost during the march. Of the smaller articles, such as coffee, sugar, and salt, a much larger quantity was issued. For the rest the corps subsisted entirely upon the country through which it passed. Sweet potatoes, which were found by the hundreds of bushels, were the principal and most unfailing article of diet for officers and men; but flour, meal, sorghum, poultry, &amp;c., were found in great abundance.

The list of casualties during the time above reported is as follows: 13 killed, 30 wounded, and 94 missing. (See tabular list appended.)

Considering the active operations of the corps since the beginning of the campaign against Atlanta from Chattanooga the 1st of May last, I am proud to report its excellent condition and efficiency. To the division commanders I desire to express the many obligations I am under for their co-operation throughout the campaigns above described, and to express the hope that the War Department will soon make suitable acknowledgments of their faithful services. Their reports are herewith submitted, and attention asked to them for many details omitted necessarily in this.

Since the entrance of our troops into Savannah the corps has occupied its present camp southwest of the city, making preparations for a resumption of active operations whenever called upon.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Chief of Staff, Left Wing.

List of casualties in the Fourteenth Army Corps during the campaign against Savannah, Ga.

Commissioned officers. Enlisted men.

Divisions. 	 Killed. 	 Wounded.	 Killed. 	 Wounded. 	 Missing.

First. 	 . . . 	 1	 2	 7	 37

Second. 	 1	 . . . 	 7	 16	 57

Third a. 	 . . . 	 . . . 	 3	 6	 . . .

Total. 	 1	 1	 12	 29	 94

---------------

a Missing not given.

---------------

Total, 137.

JEFF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

