
Casualties have been-for the Eighty-eighth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, 1 man captured; Thirty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, 1 man wounded and 1 man missing; total, 3.

Number of miles of railroad destroyed, 5 3/4; number of horses and mules captured, 110; number of cattle captured, 500. Forage taken from the country: Corn and oats, 50,000 pounds; long forage, 52,000 pounds; total, 102,000 pounds. Supplies for officers and men: Breadstuffs, 41,000 pounds; potatoes, 55,000 pounds; meat, 47,000 pounds; beans and rice, 4,800 pounds; sugar, 7,200 pounds; molasses (sorghum), 30 barrels; or, subsistence for 1,500 men for forty days.

As the conduct of the brigade during the campaign was constantly under the eye of the general commanding the division, I close this report simply with the foregoing narration of facts.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. HOBART,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain G. W. SMITH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 55. Report of Major John H. Widmer, One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry, of operations September 7-December 21. HEADQUARTERS 104TH Illinois INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,

Near Savannah, Ga., December 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular received to-day, I have the honor to submit the following report:

At the fall of Atlanta this regiment was near Jonesborough, Ga. ; thence it moved to White Hall, where it went into camp on the 7th of September, and remained till the 3rd of October, during which time its principal operation was resting. From the 3rd until the 22nd day of October the regiment, with the brigade, was almost constantly on the march in pursuit of General Hood's army through Northwestern Georgia and into Alabama as far as Gaylesville. There it remained until the 28th of October. On the 29th it arrived at Rome, Ga., and on November 2 at Kingston. On the 12th day of November it left Kingston, reaching Atlanta on the 15th. The next morning started for Savannah, arriving in front of the city on the 11th instant and in the city on the 22d, having had a first-rate time on the way here.

From the fall of Atlanta to the fall of Savannah the regiment has been constantly on duty with the brigade. The only time it has been engaged with the enemy since the 3rd of October was in a light skirmish at Lawton's farm, in front of Savannah, resulting in the capture of one rebel and driving their pickets across the rice fields in our front. We have not lost a single man since the fall of Atlanta.

On the march from Atlanta to Gaylesville and back the regiment drew from the country seven days' subsistence for 110 men (except sugar and coffee), consisting of meat, flour, meal, beans, and potatoes, and on the march from Atlanta to Savannah drew from the same source not less than twenty-five days' subsistence for 215 men (except sugar and coffee), consisting of fresh beef, pork, poultry, flour, meal, potatoes, turnips, rice, beans, honey, sorghum, and molasses. It has

