
also drawn from the country 75,000 pounds of corn and 75,000 pounds of long forage, captured 14 mules, 9 horses, employed on the march twenty negroes from the country, and destroyed 1,600 yards of railroad.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

JOHN H. WIDMER,

Major One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry.

Captain JOHN W. FORD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 56. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Cyrus E. Briant, Eighty-eighth Indiana Infantry.

Official report of the part taken by the Eighty-eighth Regiment Indiana Volunteers in the campaign of the Army of Georgia from Atlanta to Savannah:

After clothing my regiment and cutting down the baggage to the least possible compass, I left Atlanta on the 16th day of November, 1864, with 248 guns and 14 officers, in advance of the Fourteenth Army Corps. Passing Decatur about 9 o'clock, we took the upper Covington road, halting for dinner on Snapfinger Creek. Three miles farther brought us to Pole Bridge Creek. From this point the country was more open, but soil apparently poor. Halted for the night at Lithonia. November 17, my regiment train guards. Our route lay along the railroad, passing Conyers, a post village in Newton County. We halted early near Yellow River. Forage plenty, especially corn, sweet potatoes, and sorghum molasses. November 18, crossed Yellow River on pontoons; banks muddy; passed through Covington and halted four miles east on a large plantation about noon; lay in camp till morning. November 19, Second and Third Divisions passed ours (First); marched on the Eatonton road. The first part of our march was through the Ulcofauhhachee swamps and was necessarily slow; after noon roads were excellent. Camp for the night one mile east of Sandtown. November 20, moved at daylight; country richer, buildings better, and plantations larger; forage of every description in great abundance. Halted for dinner near Shady Dale. The proprietor of the plantation estimated his individual loss by our army at $50,000. Here we left the Eatonton road to our left, taking a central course between Monticello and Eatonton, halting eight miles from Eatonton; rained all night. November 21, still raining; roads cut up considerably by the advance wagon trains, and by noon we got along very slowly, halting for the night some seventeen miles from Milledgeville. November 22, crossed Murder Creek on a very dilapidated bridge, wagons and horses fording near by; creek up to wagon beds, recent rains having swelled it. My regiment wasrd cross-roads at Half Acre, with orders to hold the place until the entire wagon train had crossed the creek. By 2 p. m. I left with my regiment to join the division, going by way of Clopton's Mill. I found them encamped near Cedar Creek; roads passable by evening.

November 23, my regiment train guards to-day. March through an excellent country; forage abundant, especially sweet potatoes and sorghum molasses. By 4 p. m. we were encamped within the fortifications of Milledgeville; roads excellent to-day. November 24, passed

