
through Milledgeville; crossed Oconee River. We took the Sandersville road, crossing Town Creek seven miles from Milledgeville, near where there was a good grist-mill. Marching five miles farther, we encamped about 3 p. m. on Gum Creek, remaining all night. November 25, lay in camp all day; Second and Third Divisions passed us. The forage party from my regiment discovered rebel cavalry near large bridge on Buffalo Creek, but finding enough forage they did not let themselves be known. November 26, marched at 6 a. m., but on the advance wagon train reaching Buffalo Creek we moved but slowly, and by 9 o'clock we had crossed the Big and Little Buffalo Creeks and swamps and were encamped near Keg Creek. November 27, crossed Keg Creek and swamp; passed through Sandersville; my regiment stationed on outpost on Worthen road, where three roads diverge. I sent one company forward on each of these roads. About dark some contrabands [came in[and reported rebel cavalry in our front on the main road, and [that they] had already captured some of our troops. I immediately sent another company in support, but nothing further was heard from them. One of the captured men proved to be William Budd, private of Company G, of my regiment. 7 p. m. I was relieved and took position in rear of division wagon train, halting for the night seven miles east of Sandersville. November 28, my regiment train guards; crossed Macon and Savannah Railroad near Power's Station; crossed Williamson's Creek and swamp on double bridge near Davisborough, halting for the night near Ogeechee River. November 29, crossed Ogeeche River on pontoons; ridge and trestle-work over swamp being burned, the passage was difficult. One mile farther brought us to Comfort Creek and swamp, which we found as difficult to cross as the river. Passing Louisville, we halted about noon on Maryfield road. My foragers had excellent success to-day; meat, potatoes, corn, molasses. November 30, marched on Sebastopol road, crossing Big Creek and swamp; eight miles farther passed Dry and Spring Creeks. 3 p. m. passed Sebastopol Station and camped three miles east on the Millen road, my regiment on picket.

December 1, marched on Sebastopol and Waynesborough road, about one mile from the main road, occupying this position until wagon train all passed. My foraging party, numbering thirty-two men and one officer, were attacked some five miles out by a squad of rebel cavalry, but succeeded in getting off with a goodly supply of forage and no loss. December 2, marched on the Waynesborough road some distance, then east on Millen road, halting near Buck Head Creek. December 3, marched north on Jones' Mill road, thence northeast to Buck Head Creek, the bridge over which being burned, we crossed on pontoons. One mile farther we crossed Rocky Creek, making a detour in a southeast direction. We halted for dinner on Rosemary Creek; from thence to Lumpkin's on the Augusta railroad, where we halted for the night. December 4, my regiment tore up one-quarter mile of track, burning the ties and bending the iron. Crossed the railroad at Lumpkin's, taking an easterly direction through a very poor country, sandy and marshy; toward evening passed Habesham, halting two miles east. December 5, my regiment train guards. Our course lay through the headwaters of Beaver Dam Creek and the Ogeechee River; low places along our route marshy and difficult of passage for wagons. Leaving Jacksonborough to our left we went toward Sylvania. December 6, crossed the Middle round road, four miles north of Sylvania, at one of the branches of Buck Creek. The road was blockaded with felled trees which impeded our march some. Passed Black Creek Post.

