
A. Hambright being unfit for duty on account of sickness, Lieutenant colonel D. Miles took command of the brigade. November 18 to 23, marched to Milledgeville, capital of the State. November 24 to 27, marched to Davisborough Station, on the Macon and Savannah Railroad. November 28, marched to Louisville. November 30, marched to Sebastopol, on the Macon and Savannah Railroad.

December 1 to 3, marched to Lumpkin's Station, on the Savannah and Augusta Railroad. December 4, part of the day the brigade was engaged destroying railroad; was rear guard to the wagon train, and skirmished with a small body of cavalry who were hovering in the rear, but with no result. December 5 to 8, marched to Ebenezer Swamp, where we formed line of battle to protect the train while crossing the swamp, and at midnight marched two miles and camped on east side of the swamp. December 9, resumed the march, but coming upon a small party of the enemy posted in a small fort protected with artillery, went in line for the night. December 10, the enemy fell back during the night and we resumed our march until the evening of the 11th, when we took up our position in lie in front of Savannah, relieving part of the Seventeenth Army Corps. Here we remained until the 21st, during which time nothing of note occurred save regular skirmishing, which was kept up between the pickets but with no loss whatever on our part. December 21, the enemy disappearing from our front, the brigade was ordered forward to discover the whereabouts of the enemy, if possible, but meeting with no opposition whatever, marched into the city at 8 a. m., and, pursuant to orders, returned to our old position, where we remained during the night. December 22, marched forward and went into camp on west side of the city.

During the time mentioned in this report the brigade destroyed about 14 miles of railroad; no cotton nor cotton gins were destroyed; 22 horses, 64 mules, and 200 cattle were captured by the command; 69 negroes followed the column. From the time we left Lithonia until our arrival at Savannah nearly enough forage was gathered by the command to supply them independent of the issues of the commissary.

The loss in the command during the time mentioned in this report is as follows: 1 man wounded; 6 men either killed or captured by the enemy; 10 men captured by the enemy.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. MILES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain G. W. SMITH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 59. Report of Captain James H. Low, Thirty-eighth Indiana Infantry. HDQRS. THIRTY-EIGHTH INDIANA VET. VOL. INFTY., Near Savannah, Ga., December 29, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: *

November 16, the regiment, with brigade, marched from Atlanta, moving on road leading to Augusta, bivouacking at Lithonia on the railroad leading from Atlanta to Augusta. The 17th, continued march,

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations in North Georgia and North Alabama, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 619.

---------------

