
assisting in destroying railroad above mention at a point near Yellow River; crossed same and passed through Covington on the 18th, going into camp. On this date, Colonel Hambright having been taken quite sick, the command of the brigade devolved upon Lieutenant Colonel D. Miles, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Infantry, and subsequent operations of the regiment coming under your personal observation, I shall be as brief as possible. November 19, regiment continued march, moving in a southerly direction, passing trough Milledgeville November 24. After this place, passed through Sandersville November 27. November 28, crossed Georgia Central Railroad. November 29, passed through Louisville. Continuing march, reached and assisted in destroying Augusta and Savannah Railroad at a point between Waynesborough and Millen.

December 7, came into main Augusta and Savannah road running near and parallel with river, which was followed until arriving near and going into position in front of enemy's works, about four miles northwest of Savannah and south of canal, December 11, 1864, remaining in or near this position until the 17th, when it and brigade relieved the Second Brigade. From this date till the enemy evacuated, the command remained constantly in this position, night of the 20th. The 22d, regiment went into camp in its present position. Besides the railroads which the command assisted in destroying, not to exceed two miles, no other species of property was destroyed. I have no means of ascertaining the umber of animals captured, but believe that a rough estimate would include not exceeding 2 horses, 15 mules, and from 5 to 10 head of cattle. Except the servants employed by officers (not exceeding fifteen) I do not know of others being otherwise employed or the number that followed the command. For the campaign, inclusive of the time that the report is made to cover, I believe that not exceeding one month's whole rations were issued, the command subsisting exclusively off the country to supply deficiencies.

Very respectfully, your most obedient,

J. H. LOW,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-eighth Indiana Veteran VOL. Infantry.

Lieutenant L. G. BODIE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 60. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Arnold McMahan, Twenty-first Ohio Infantry, of operations September 3-December 21. HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST REGIMENT OHIO INFANTRY VOLS.,

Savannah, Ga., December 30, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders dated December 29, 1864, headquarters Third Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to report the operations of the Twenty-first Regiment Ohio Infantry Volunteers, under my command, from the 23rd day of September, 1864, to the 21st day of December, 1864:

After the defeat of the enemy before Jonesborough, Ga., September 1, 1864, my command returned to Atlanta and went into camp on the 8th. I remained in camp until the morning of October 3, when it moved with its brigade upon the campaign which resulted in the fall of Savannah on the 21st of the present month. I estimate the

