
distance marched during this time to be at least 630 miles. It was difficult to ascertain the exact distance marched over by-roads and through the country. The regiment exchanged shots with a squad of the enemy on the 4th day of December, near Lumpkin's Station, without any result except to check their attempt to annoy the rear of our column. From the 12th to the night of the 20th of December the pickets of my regiment were engaged with those of the enemy before Savannah. During this campaign the regiment destroyed three miles of railroad, and this was the only structure destroyed by my command. At least 8,000 rations were used by the men from the products of the country, which were necessary in addition to subsistence furnished by the commissary department, but the meat used, which was drawn from the country, was not less than 15,000 rations. This estimate does not include the great waste of meat and other foraged subsistence which could not be transported or was abandoned by the men each morning. I estimate the sores wasted or abandoned equal to the amount used. Twenty-one horses and mules attached to the regiment were supplied with forage taken from the country for twenty days. Twelve negroes accompanied the regiment to Savannah, having joined us on the march. Twelve horses and 13 mules were captured, but many of them were comparatively worthless. Six prisoners of war were captured and turned over to provost-marshal Third Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. The regiment lost 1 enlisted man wounded and 10 enlisted men were captured; 6 enlisted men wee either killed or captured straggling. My regiment entered the city of Savannah at 9 a. m. December 21, 1864.

Respectfully submitted.

A. MCMAHAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant L. G. BODIE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 61. Report of Major Robert P. Findley, Seventy-fourth Ohio Infantry. CAMP SEVENTY-FOURTH OHIO, Near Savannah, Ga., December 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor, in absence of Major Fisher, who commanded the Seventy-fourth Ohio from Kingston to Savannah, Ga., to make the following report:

Left Kingston at noon of the 12th [November], marching in rear of wagon train; camped at Cartersville at night. The 13th, marched to Big Shanty, tearing up railroad. On the 15th arrived at Atlanta, halted for the night, and drew rations and clothing. Marched on the 16th to Lithonia, twenty-four miles distant from Atlanta. Our course lay northeast, and nothing of importance transpired until the 23rd of November, when we camped near Milledgeville. On the 24th we marched, crossing Oconee River, and making but ten miles, when we camped at 12 m. on account of large swamp in our way. Here the Seventy-fourth was placed on picket, and so remained until the morning of the 26th, when we took up our march in rear of wagon train. Marched that day but about six miles. Thus we marched various distances per day, according to swamp and bad roads, nothing of importance

12 R R-VOL XLIV

