
transpiring, and our regiment being engaged in nothing worthy of note, until the ---, when we settled down in fort of Savannah, along the Ogeeche River. Lay in line until the morning of the 16th of December, when the regiment received orders to report to Captain Clark, to guard wagon train to King's Bridge on the Ogeechee River. Lay at this post until the 22d, when we returned with train and reported to our brigade. Major Fisher was mustered out on the 18th, and I assumed command on that day.

We drew rations but for two days during the march. Owing to our being in rear we twice had no forage, but when we marched any considerable distance we had more than enough of pork and potatoes. I think it would have been no hardship, so far as the Seventy-fourth was concerned, to have made the march without drawing a cracker or any pork. Certain I am that enough was left in camp almost every day to have subsisted the regiment during the day had it been carried along, but the men argued that "sufficient unto the meal was the evil," and wouldn't carry anything from camp. We destroyed about four miles of railroad since leaving Kingston. Am not sure that the Seventy-fourth set fire to any cotton or gins. Ten negroes came into the regiment and followed along with the column. Captured no cattle, nor horses, and but two mules. All the forage fore the Government mules, private horses, and the pack-mules of different companies, was taken from the country, and much more was destroyed than was used.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. P. FINDLEY,

Major Seventy-fourth Ohio.

Lieutenant L. G. BODIE,

Actg Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 62. Report of Major Michael H. Locher, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations October 3-December 21.
HDQRS. 79TH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VET VOL. INFTY.,Near Savannah, Ga., December 30, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with circular from headquarters Third Brigade, dated December 29, 1864, I make the following report of operations of the Seventy-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers from the fall of Atlanta until the fall of Savannah, Ga.:

The regiment was encamped at Atlanta, Ga., until October 3, 1864, when we were ordered to move with the corps. Marched with the corps during the 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, and 7th of October, when I was ordered to report my command to Captain Swift, superintendent of repairs on railroad, of whom I received orders to assist in repairing the railroad between Kennesaw Mountain and Allatoona, at which the command was engaged until October 19, when the repairs were completed. On the 19th rebel cavalry made their appearance outside the picket-lines, cut the telegraph, and captured four enlisted men of the command. I immediately sent out a detachment under Captain McBride, but the enemy had retreated. After the detachment returned to camp, I received orders to report to General Vandever, commanding District of Marietta, at Marietta, to which place the regiment proceeded by railroad. At Marietta the regiment formed part of the garrison, and performed patrol and provost duty until November 13, when we received

