
orders to rejoin the corps on its arrival at that place. On the arrival of the corps I reported my command and accompanied the corps to Atlanta, where we arrived on the 15th instant. On the 16th we moved again, taking the Augusta road, and marched to Lithonia Station, on the Augusta railroad, a distance of eighteen miles. November 17, marched to Yellow River, a distance of thirteen miles, and worked seven hours destroying the railroad. The regiment assisted destroying about two miles of track. November 18, the regiment formed the advance guard of the column, and marched a distance of eight miles, the regiment being on picket during the night. One enlisted man on duty with brigade foraging party captured by the enemy. November 19 to 23, marched to Milledgeville, the capital of Georgia, a distance of fifty-five miles. November 24, marched to Town Creek, a distance of ten miles, where the division encamped until the 26th. November 26 and 27, marched a distance of twenty-four miles to near Davisborough Station, on the Macon and Savannah Railroad. Regiment went on picket. November 28 to December 2, marched to near Buck Head bridge, a distance of fifty-one miles. Regiment on picket duty during night of 2nd instant.

December 3, marched to Station Numbers 1, on the Augusta and Savannah Railroad, a distance of ten miles. December 4, worked three hours destroying railroad and assisted in destroying two miles of track; marched a distance of six miles. December 5 to 7, marched a distance of forty-six miles; during this march the cavalry, covering the rear, were engaged with the enemy. December 8, marched a distance of three miles, and formed line of battle to cover the train until it crossed Ebenezer Swamp; remained until midnight, when we marched to east side of the swamp, a distance of two miles. December 9, marched a distance of seven miles, when we found the enemy posted with artillery and infantry. The regiment was sent out as skirmish infers with orders to dislodge the enemy, but the order to advance was countermanded and the regiment remained on picket duty. December 10, the enemy fell back during the night, and to-day we advanced four miles. December 11, marched eight miles and went into position in fort of Savannah, relieving a portion of the Seventeenth Army Corps on the Ogeechee Canal, where we remained until the 16th, when we were ordered into camp. On the 16th one man, detailed to drive cattle, was captured by the enemy. December 19, relieved the Twenty-first Michigan, of Second Brigade, in the front line, where we remained until the morning of the 21st, when the regiment was ordered on the skirmish line, relieving the Thirty-eighth Indiana. At daylight it was discovered that the enemy had evacuated their works, and I received orders to advance with the skirmishers as far as possible. I moved immediately and advanced to the city, which my command entered at 8 a. m., capturing o the way one prisoner.

During the campaign my command, independent of the organized foraging parties, captured 2 hoses and 4 mules and 25 able-bodied male negroes. During the campaign from Atlanta to Savannah forage and provisions were abundant, as the men subsisted almost entirely off the country.

The total loss of my command from the fall of Atlanta to date is six men captured by the enemy.

I am, very respectfully,

M. H. LOCHER,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant L. G. BODIE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

