
ices your army has rendered to the cause of civilization, liberty, humanity, and good government. To you as their great leader I tender my cordial congratulations, with the prayer that God may preserve and protect you to lead the victorious hosts of the Republic on to still greater victories, even to the conquering of an honorable and permanent peace.

I remain, general, gratefully, your obedient servant,

FRED'S F. LOW,

Governor.

STATE OF NEW YORK, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, January 18, 1865.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN:

GENERAL: In compliance with the request made in point resolutions passed by the senate and assembly of the State of New York commendatory of the conduct and services of certain officers in the Army and Navy of the United States, I take great pleasure in forwarding to you the inclosed resolution referring to yourself and the brave officers and men in your command. I most sincerely join in the expression of thanks for these distinguished services, and, with the loyal people of the nation, acknowledge my deep and heartfelt gratitude.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. FENTON.

[Inclosure.]

CONCURRENT RESOLUTIONS complimentary to Generals Grant, Sherman, Sheridan, and Thomas, and to Vice-Admiral Farragut and Commodore Winslow.

* * * *

Resolved, That the thanks of the Legislature representing the people of the State of New York are hereby tendered to Major General William T. Sherman, and the officers and men of his command, for the series of superb victories culminating in the capture of Atlanta; and for the skillfully executed march from the mountains to the sea, which challenged the admiration of the world, resulted in the capture of Savannah, with many millions of public property, and demonstrated that the so-called Confederacy is indeed but a "shell. "

Resolved, That His Excellency the Governor is hereby respectfully requested to transmit a copy of each of the foregoing resolutions to the officers specially named therein.

IN SENATE,

January 5, 1865.

The foregoing resolutions were duly passed.

JAS. TERWILLIGER,

Clerk.

STATE OF NEW YORK,

IN ASSEMBLY,

January 13, 1865.

Resolved, That the assembly concur in the passage of the foregoing resolutions.

By order:

J. B. CUSHMAN,

Clerk.

