
December 1, leaving my train, in compliance with orders from corps headquarters, marched at 10. 30 a. m. on Waynesborough road to Baker's Creek, ten miles. December 2, left camp at 8 a. m., marching ten miles; camped near Buck Head Creek. December 3, left camp at 9 a. m., crossing Buck Head and Rock Creeks, camping near railroad, ten miles. December 4, moved at 6. 30, my division in the advance with its own and Third Division trains, crossing railroad at Lumpkin's Station, passing through the town of Habersham to Smith's plantation, marching sixteen miles. December 5, moved at daylight, camping at Buck Creek Post-Office, having marched sixteen miles. December 6, moved at 6. 30 a. m., crossing Buck and Black Creeks, camping after a march of eighteen miles; road badly obstructed by fallen trees; removed them during the night. December 7, left camp at 6. 30 a. m., and marching fifteen miles camped at --- plantation, twenty-six miles from Savannah; road badly obstructed by fallen trees, but by heavy details removed them, causing but little delay. The bridge at Ebenezer Creek having been destroyed (two miles in our front), Colonel Buell's command went actively to work to construct a new one. December 9, the bridge having been completed, left camp at 10 a. m., crossing Ebenezer Creek, marched to Little Ebenezer Creek, where, after a delay of several hours for completion of pontoon, moved forward to Kegler's Creek. Just after going into camp received orders from General Davis to return to Little Ebenezer to protect the train of the corps, an attack being apprehended; returned, and the Second and Third Brigades recrossing the creek bivouacked for the night, having marched ten miles. December 9, left camp at 7 a. m., marching eight miles and constructing three bridges. At Doctor Cuyler's plantation, about fourteen miles and a half from Savannah, my advance came within range and fire of a rebel battery. Two regiments of the Third Brigade were at once deployed as skirmishers on the right and left of the road, and one piece of the battery ordered forward. This piece was soon in position and opened fire, which was spiritedly answered by some well-directed shots. Lieutenant Coe, commanding battery, was struck by a shell and instantly killed; a brave, good officer. By order subsequently received from corps commander the First and Third Brigades were placed in position. During the night the works in our front were abandoned. December 10, left camp at 8 a. m., marching four miles; found the Twentieth Corps moving upon our road; went into camp. December 11, received orders to relieve Seventeenth Corps. Left camp at 8 a. m., marching seven miles. Went into position on the right of the Milledgeville road, remaining in this position until the 22d. during this time steady approaches were being made to within 300 yards of the enemy's works. On the night of the 20th succeeded in getting two guns in fine position. Just before daylight my skirmishers entered the abandoned works of the enemy, thus closing a brilliant and successful campaign.

With a few exceptions all have faithfully performed their duties. To Lieutenant-Colonel Pearce, commanding Second Brigade (in the absence of Colonel Mitchell), and Lieutenant-Colonel Langley, commanding Third Brigade (in absence of Colonel Dilworth), I am under obligations for their promptness in executing all orders. They are good officers, and ought to be promoted.

My staff officers are deserving of all praise for constant and active attention to duty, and I again, as in my former reports, recommend them for promotion, having from long and faithful service earned it.

I close this report with stating: First, that since the fall of Atlanta my division has marched 560 miles, and by railroad, 406; second, captured

