
November 19. -Division moved at 6 a. m. ; marched twenty miles, passing through Sandtown, or Newborn, camping one mile from Shady Grove.

November 20 (Sunday). -Division moved at 7 a. m. ; marched fourteen miles, camping one mile west of Little, or Eatonton, Factories, burning them.

November 21. -Division moved at 7 a. m. ; marched twelve miles; camped south of Cedar Creek; rained most of the day; roads very heavy; a number of mules brought into camp.

November 22. -In camp; Third and First Divisions and pontoon train passed to our front; General Sherman stopped two hours and a half, and General Davis took dinner with us. Sherman was in fine spirits; told story of the soldier foraging liberally, and that no one could tell where this army would concentrate.

November 23. -Division moved at 6 a. m. ; marched fourteen miles, camping two miles from Milledgeville; Twentieth Corps in town; First and Third Division in our front.

November 24. -Division moved at 10 a. m. ; marched ten miles, passing through Milledgeville, crossing Oconee River and passing Third Division. Band of First Brigade played "Dixie" as the column passed the capitol. Headquarters at Brundage's plantation.

November 25. -Division moved at 6 a. m. ; marched twelve miles, crossing Buffalo Creek, which was pontooned; trains late into camp.

November 26. -Division moved at 6 a. m. ; marched six miles to Sandersville; advance met Wheeler's cavalry one mile and a half from town. Stragglers and foragers put on a skirmish line, with which they were pushed to the edge of town, where one regiment was deployed and the town cleared. One man of the One hundred and eight Ohio killed and one other wounded. Camped by 10 o'clock in town.

November 27. -Division moved at 7 a. m., following Third Division, leaving main train in charge of Lieutenant Coe, taking the Augusta road; then the right on Louisville road; stopped for dinner at Williamson's Swamp, crossing it at Chickasaw Ford; marched seventeen miles, camping on Hodgson's plantation; 300 negroes; 580 bales of cotton burned; storeroom with books, &amp;c., from Savannah destroyed; crossed Ogeechee River this afternoon.

November 28. -Division moved at 6 a. m. ; marched nine miles, crossing Rocky Comfort Creek, over which the brigade was burned. The rear of the division got over a little after dark. General was a long while finding his headquarters; camp at Louisville.

November 29. -Division in camp; Lieutenant Coe, with trains, arrived at 1 p. m. ; Twentieth Corps passed to the right on road Numbers 10; foragers driven in on the left, many of them intoxicated. Discovered in the evening that my trunk had been left at William G. Brown's, at Sandersville.

November 30. -In camp Wheeler's cavalry in our front drove in our foragers early in the morning. Colonel Langley, with four regiments, sent out on the left, who killed one captain and two men. Lieutenant Coe, with five wagons and five companies, were attacked a short distance from picket-line; Captain Dunphy, Tenth Michigan, drove the enemy back, killing three and wounding four, which broke them, so that he saved the five wagons and companies; wounded rebels reported them two brigades strong.

December 1. -Division moved at 10 a. m., taking charge of Third Division transportation, which passed to our front, then on a road to our left; marched twelve miles, camping on Baker's Creek.

