
December 2. -Division moved at 8 a. m. ; marched ten miles, camping in rear of Twentieth Corps, two miles northeast of Birdville.

December 3. -Division moved at 8 a. m. ; marched ten miles, crossing Buck Head Creek on pontoons; negroes stopped, near 500; Fourteenth Michigan left to come up with Colonel Buell; camped near Lumpkin's Station, Augusta and Millen railroad.

December 4. -Division moved at 6. 30 a. m., Second Brigade in advance; took dinner at Hargrove's plantation, eight miles east of railroad; made a day's march of fourteen miles; passed through town of Habersham.

December 5. -Division moved at 6. 30 a. m. ; marched sixteen miles, campaign at Buck Creek Post-Office, six miles from Savannah River, at the out of Brier Creek.

December 6. -Division moved at 6. 30 a. m. ; marched eighteen miles, camping at a swamp, where the road was badly obstructed.

December 7. -Division moved at 6. 30 a. m. ; marched fifteen mils, camping at Rohrer's plantation, two miles from Ebenezer Creek, three-quarters of a mile from Savannah River, and twenty-six mils from Savannah. Passed two swamps which were badly obstructed by fallen timber.

December 8. -Division moved at 10 a. m. ; crossed Large Ebenezer and waited till 3 p. m. for Colonel Buell to pontoon Little Ebenezer; then crossed and marched four miles; at dark were ordered back to Little Ebenezer; Second and Third Brigades encamped north and First Brigade and battery south of creek. Colonel Buell was all night and till 10 a. m. making a bride over Large Ebenezer; marched twelve miles.

December 9. -Division moved at 7 a. m. from Little Ebenezer; marched eight miles, building two bridges; struck rebel works fourteen miles from Savannah; Lieutenant Coe, commanding battery, killed. Went into camp at dark, one mile from rebel works; headquarters at Cuyler's plantation. Many old papers found in the house; Doctor Watson got a deed dated December 5, 1758; heavy cannonading toward Savannah.

December 10. -Division moved at 7 a. m. ; marched four miles, camping at the Ten-Mile house. Rebels left our front last night; Twentieth Crops passed on toward town, road joining at this point. Heavy cannonading most of the day toward Savannah.

December 11. -Received orders at 7. 30 a. m. for the division to move to the right of Twentieth Corps. Marched five miles to the front, then passed to the right, crossing Macon railroad, and a mile tot he front on Milledgeville road, where we relieved a division of the Seventeenth Corps with First and Second Brigades; Third Brigade, in reserve, save one regiment taken by Captain Munson on picket; Seventeenth Corps moved round to the right.

December 12. -Second Brigade relieved by part of Twentieth Corps and moved to the right of First Brigade, Third Brigade destroying railroad in afternoon. Hospital and supply trains came up during the day; had got into a bad swamp the night before by orders from General Davis. Gun-boat driven up the river and one transport captured by Twentieth of Savannah.

December 14. -General Sherman's order announcing the capture of fort McAllister and opening of communication with Commodores Farragut and Porter and Foster's army received; no change of troops.

