
Horses, mules, &amp;c. -The regiment captured on the recent campaign 10 horses and 20 mules, most of which were unusually large and in splendid condition. But few cattle or sheep were taken more than the regiment required for its own use.

Negroes. There accompanied the regiment to the city of Savannah only six negroes (males), all of whom are used by officers as servants. Large numbers of both sexes and all ages were prohibited from following the command, in obedience to stringent orders issued on that subject from superior headquarters.

Railroads, &c., destroyed. -The regiment on the march from Cartersville to Savannah destroyed about three miles of railroad and one railroad bridge over Pumpkin Vine Creek. Large quantities of fence rails were burned; no cotton gins nor presses were destroyed by the regiment.

Respectfully submitted.

EBEN WHITE,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOHN P. HOLLERS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 67. Report of Major James H. McDonald, Sixtieth Illinois Infantry. HDQRS. SIXTIETH Illinois VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,

Savannah, Ga., January 3, 1865.

SIR: *

On November 16, 1864, marched from Atlanta on the Augusta road, via Covington, Milledgeville, Sandersville, Louisville, and thence to Savannah, Ga., a distance of 310 miles. Struck the enemy's lines three miles from the city on the 11th of December, 1864. On the march we foraged liberally off the country; subsisted off the country twenty days. Captured 21 mules, 20 horses, and 25 negroes. All property has been turned over to the proper authority. Loss on the entire march, 1 man captured, 1 died of disease. Total distance marched, 551 miles; total distance by railroad, 380 miles; grand total, 931 miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. MCDONALD,

Major, Commanding Sixtieth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

ACTG. ASST. ADJT. General, FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION.

Numbers 68. Report of Captain Charles H. Richman, Tenth Michigan Infantry. HDQRS. TENTH MICHIGAN VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,

Near Savannah, Ga., January 3, 1865. +

November 14, marched at 5 a. m. ; passed Big Shanty at 8. 15; moved to the right of Kennesaw Mountain; went into camp five miles from

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations in North Georgia and North Alabama, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 638.

+For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations in North Georgia and North Alabama, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 638.

---------------

