
through one of Howell Cobb's plantations, we marched and bivouacked for the night within one mile and a half of Milledgeville, Ga. ; distance marched, fifteen miles. On the following day we passed the Oconee River, which stream we crossed about midday. On the following day we marched twelve miles, crossing Buffalo Creek on pontoons, and bivouacked for the night. November 26, marched toward Sandersville, Washington County, Ga., and when within about two miles of that place we met the enemy's cavalry. The brigade having the advance that day I was ordered by General Morgan, commanding the division, to send forward a regiment to support the skirmish line which had been formed from the several foraging parties of the division. The One hundred and thirteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Captain Jones, being on the right of the brigade, I sent it forward, when the skirmishers advanced, driving the enemy through the town, this regiment following and being the first to enter the place. We marched ten miles this day and encamped a short distance east of Sandersville. November 27, marched sixteen miles and bivouacked for the night within three miles of the Ogeechee River. November 28, resumed march early in the morning, and crossing Rocky Comfort Creek encamped one mile beyond Louisville; distance marched, ten miles. On following day went into camp and here remained until December 1. On November 30 Captain Watson, One hundred and thirteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, having been sent out with six companies of the regiment as train guard, met the enemy's cavalry, and after a lively skirmish with them was driven back to the picket-line, losing 2 wounded and 7 men prisoners. The balance of the brigade having been ordered out by General Morgan to their support, the enemy soon dispersed, when we returned to camp.

December 1, marching eleven miles, encamped for the night. On the following day the brigade was rear guard for the train, and owing to broken bridges, swamps, and bad roads, the command, with the train, did not get into camp until 2 o'clock the following morning; distance marched, twelve miles. On the following day, December 3, marched sixteen miles toward Savannah and bivouacked for the night near Lumpkin's Station, on the Augusta and Waynesborough Railroad. December 4, marched eighteen miles, passing through the town of Habersham, and encamped for the night. December 5, was again train guard and marched sixteen miles, encamping near Buck Head Creek Church. On this march we met with considerable obstructions from the enemy, but they were soon removed by our troops. December 6, marched sixteen miles toward Savannah, and bivouacked for the eight on main Savannah and Augusta road. December 7, roads blockaded, obstructions removed, and the brigade marched twelve miles, encamping near Little Ebenezer Creek. On the following day we crossed Little and Big Ebenezer Creeks, and after marching four miles beyond the latter stream, we counter marched and returned to the immediate neighborhood of Ebenezer Church; distance in all marched, fourteen miles. December 9, marched nine miles toward Savannah, encountering rebel artillery. December 10, marched four miles to Charleston and Savannah Railroad and went into camp. On the following morning the brigade marched five miles toward Savannah and relieved a brigade of the Seventeenth Army Corps o the Charleston and Savannah Railroad, where it remained until the evening of the 12th, when, by orders from General Morgan, it relieved the First Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, on the right of the Macon and Savannah Railroad, where we

