
Lieutenant O. M. Scott, One hundred and twenty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry, acting ordnance officer-I must say in justice to them they could not have been more faithful, vigilant, prompt, energetic, and courteous in their discharge of their several offices than they have been.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[J. S. PEARCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.]

[Captain T. WISEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 71. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Maris R. Vernon, Seventy-eighth Illinois Infantry. HDQRS. SEVENTY-EIGHTH Regiment Illinois VOL. INFTY., Savannah, Ga., December 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

Reached Atlanta on the 15th [November]; here drew clothing, and on the following day (16th) started upon a new campaign; marched in an easterly course ten miles. 17th, marched seventeenth miles in southeast course; destroyed half a mile of railroad, and camped for the night near Conyers Station. 18th, continued the march in an easterly course, passing through Covington, Newton County; destroyed the railroad one mile east of the town; marched seventeen miles and camped for the night on Ulcofauhachee River. 19th, marched southeast twenty miles; camped near Shady Dale. 20th, marched seventeenth miles and camped four miles east of Eatonton. 21st, marched eleven miles and camped on Cedar Creek; rained all day. 22d, remained in camp. 23d, marched fourteen miles and camped two miles northwest of Milledgeville. 24th, passed through Milledgeville and camped six miles east of it. 25th, marched in an easterly course nine miles. 26th, marched to Sandersville, county seat of Washington County, distance, six miles, the advance driving enemy's cavalry out of the town. 27th, marched seventeen miles, crossed Ogeechee River, and camped two miles east of it. 28th, marched eight miles, passed through Louisville, county seat of Jefferson County, and went into camp one mile north of the town. 29th, remained in camp. 30th, ordered out on Waynesborough road to the relief of the forage party reported to be surrounded by enemy's cavalry; returned to camp at dark, losing eight men captured by the enemy. In justice to Captain Akins, commanding forage detachment from Seventy-eighth Illinois, I must say it was through no neglect on his part that the men were captured. The enemy, vastly superior in number, charged upon him in front and on flank, and it was with great difficulty he evaded the capture of his whole party. As it was, he reached camp with the loss of but eight men.

December 1, marched in a southeast course nine miles on the flank, guarding wagon trains. 2nd, marched east eight miles, guarding train. 3rd, marched twelve miles, General course east. 4th, marched sixteen miles, General direction east; crossed Savannah and Augusta Railroad

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations in North Georgia and North Alabama, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 642.

---------------

