
the entire trip from Atlanta to Savannah there were no casualties occurring in the regiment except one man who was accidentally wounded while foraging.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. MCLAUGHLIN,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain J. S. WILSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 73. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James W. Langley, One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Near Savannah, Ga., January 3, 1865.

CAPTAIN: *

November 14, marched by way of Kennesaw Mountain to within four miles of Chattahoochee River. November 15, resumed march at 6 a. m., crossed the river on pontoon bridge, and reached Atlanta at 1 p. m. This may be said to finish the North Alabama campaign, having been gone from Atlanta forty-eight days instead of four as was expected. Before reaching Atlanta I sent orders to Captain Hall, commanding a small detachment of the brigade at that place, to procure guns, accouterments, and ammunition for every man in his command able to march, and I also had requisition made by regimental commanders for the amount of such ordnance stores required to perfectly equip their commands. I had also an officer detailed from each regiment to take these requisitions to Atlanta and give them their personal attention. These were sent from Kingston as soon as I received intelligence that we would shortly cut loose from our "old base," but they failed to get the men properly armed in consequence of the surplus ordnance stores having been shipped from Atlanta before their arrival. This left my command on reaching Atlanta short fifty-four guns and accouterments. From Kingston also I directed my brigade quartermaster to proceed to Atlanta and draw his estimate of clothing and allowance of transportation. This he did to my entire satisfaction, having procured a sufficient number of shoes to give every man two pairs, the result of which was that upon our arrival at Savannah I had not a bare footed soldier in my command.

The Third Brigade, comprising 1,721 total commissioned officers and enlisted men present, left Atlanta November 16, at 12 m., and marched on the Decatur road nine miles and camped for the night. November 17, marched at 7 a. m., by way of Lithonia to Conyers Station. During the afternoon of this day we tore up and destroyed three miles railroad track and ties. November 18, marched at 6 a. m. on the Covington road, and camped for the night three miles east of that town. To-day the brigade destroyed two miles and a half of railroad track and ties; to-day also we began to subsist off the country. November 19, marched at 6 a. m. ; crossed Ulcofauhachee River, and went into camp at dark near Shady Dale. November 20, marched at 7 a. m. and camped at night near Eatonton Factory. November 21, marched at 6 a. m. and

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations in North Georgia and North Alabama, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 643.

---------------

