
did not succeed in wounding one of our men. We recovered the bodies of the enlisted men murdered the night before. I have no hesitancy in saying they were deliberately murdered after they had surrendered, as was evidenced by an examination of the fatal wounds. One man was shot through the head, the ball entering just above the left ear. Surrounding its entrance the hair was signed close to the scalp by the burning powder. The other two were shot through the body; on was shot three times, and the other twice. So close was the weapon held when discharged that in every instance the clothing was scorched and burned. In front of the left of my picket-line stood a cotton gin, containing forty-eight bales of cotton, the property of Asa Hoyt, behind which the enemy had concealed himself and fired upon my men in the morning. Not willing to give him the advantage of that position longer, upon the withdrawal of my troops I detailed Major Holmes, Fifty-second Ohio, with a small party of men, to destroy it, which they accordingly did, and which fact I reported to you in writing while the gin was still burning. This embraces the only property of any kind burned by my order during the campaign.

December 1, marched at 10 a. m. as guard to Third Division train; reached camp at 11 p. m. December 2, marched at 8 a. m. ; furnished two regiments to guard the corps reserve artillery and ammunition trains; reached camp at 8 p. m. December 3, marched at 9 a. m. on Augusta road; crossed Buck Head Creek and went into camp at dark on Mill Creek, near Lumpkin's Station. December 4, marched at noon in rear of and as guard to Third Division trains; passed through Habersham and went into camp at 10 p. m. December 5, marched at 7 a. m; furnished guard of two regiments for corps reserve artillery and ammunition trains; went into cap for night at 7 p. m. December 6, marched at 6. 30 a. m. ; good roads all day. Marched twenty-one miles and a half on main Savannah road, and went into camp for the night. Road blocked just ahead of this camp for three-quarters of a mile by fallen trees. At night I made a detail of sufficient pioneer force to clear the road, which they accomplished by 9 o'clock. December 7, marched at 11 a. m. in rear and as guards to Third Division trains; reached camp near Ebenezer Creek at 8 p. m. December 8, marched at 7 a. m. Order of march changed. Left all transportation except that belonging to brigade and regimental headquarters. Crossed Ebenezer Creek at 12 m. and awaited the building of a bridge over Little Kegler's Creek, after which we marched four miles beyond and went into camp at 8 p. m. In half an hour afterward I received orders to return and camp for the night between the two creeks. Got into camp at 11 p. m. December 9, marched at 7 a. m. ; moved four miles, and built two bridges over creeks. Moved about four miles farther on and encountered a section of a rebel battery planted in the road, well protected by a substantial earth-work. I received orders from General Morgan to send the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois Regiment forward, deployed as skirmishers on each side of the road, and develop, if possible, the strength of the enemy. The regiment thus moved to within 100 yards of the rebel works, without drawing a shot from the enemy's musketry, through his artillery played continually upon a piece of our own, posted in the road. The enemy had selected continually upon a piece of our own, posted in the road. The enemy had selected a good position to make a brief stand with a small number of men, having built his works in the center and one their side of the road, just beyond where it divides two swamps. By direction of General Morgan I pushed forward the Eighty-sixth Illinois, six companies deployed as skirmishers, until it joined the right of the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois. I the

