
marked missing deserve the punishment prisoners of war usually get, but it is the misfortune of the service that such men belong to the army and are counted as soldiers. They were doubtless in the act of stealing something when captured. I suppose every command has a few such men; I know this one has, whom to lose from the army is a gain to the Government. Nor can I say much less of some officers in the service, who, in spite of their long experience and in face of positive orders to the contrary, suffer, nay, by their passiveness encourage, their men to throw aside the restrictions of discipline of discipline, and become outlaws and brigade. I believe a company should be the best disciplinarian in the service, and should feel that his position, so immediately connecting him with the rank and file, makes him a conservators of the peace and good order of the army; and an officer who from incompetency or other cause is not well adapted to teach and maintain good system of discipline in his command, should be summarily dismissed the service. A few such in my command could cheerfully recommend for dismissal, and do honestly believe the service would be promoted thereby.

Since the fall of Atlanta the brigade staff has undergone several changes. Most of the old members were absent during the Savannah campaign. Those at present serving on such duty, without specially naming them, have all well and faithfully discharged every trust confided to them. I am also under special obligations to regiment commanders for their efforts to maintain strict discipline throughout the entire campaign. I commend them all to my superior officer.

Number of horses captured 104; mules, 160; total, 264. Number of negroes that followed the command, 160; rations issued on the Atlanta and Savannah campaigns, per man; hard bread, 9 rations; pease, 8 rations; coffee, 26 rations; salt, 25 rations; sugar, 15 rations; bacon, 4 rations; salt pork, 6 ratirailroad destroyed (track and ties), 11 1/2 miles; cotton destroyed, 48 bales; cotton gins destroyed, 1.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES W. LANGLEY,

Lieutenant Colonel, 125th Illinois Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain T. WISEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division, Fourteenth Corps.

Numbers 74. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles W. Clancy, Fifty-second Ohio Infantry. HDQRS. FIFTY-SECOND OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Near Savannah, Ga., December 31, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the late campaign which has resulted in the capture of Savannah:

On the 16th day of November last I took command of the regiment at Atlanta, Ga., and at 9 a. m. received orders to march. In compliance with said order moved at 11 a. m. as guards for division train; marched on a road running parallel with the Augusta and Atlanta Railroad through the town of Decatur; marched near fourteen miles and encamped with the train at 9 p. m. 17th, moved with the brigade at 7 a. m., following the One hundred and tenth Illinois; assisted in

