
destroying a portion of the Augusta railroad; encamped at Conyers Station with the brigade at 7 p. m. 18th, marched with the brigade at 5 a. m. in the direction of Covington, reaching the same at 12 m. ; spent three hours in the destruction of railroad southeast of the town, then concluded a march of fifteen miles and encamped with the brigade. 19th, marked at 6 a. m. with the brigade in the direction of Eatonton, and at 6 p. m. encamped with the same near said place, having marched near eighteen miles. 20th, moved at 7 a. m. in the direction of Milledgeville and west of Eatonton; encamped with the brigade at 3 p. m. 21st, marched with the brigade at 6 a. m. and encamped at 4 p. m. on the west bank of Cedar Creek, where we remained until 6 a. m. of the 23rd when, with the Eighty-sixth Illinois, the command marched as rear guard for the division and encamped with the brigade near Milledgeville at 11 p. m. 24th, moved at 10 a. m., passing through Milledgeville; encamped with the brigade six miles southeast. 25th, marched at 6 a. m. and encamped with the brigade east of Buffalo Creek. 26th, marched with the brigade at 6 a. m., passing through the town of Sandersonville; encamped near and east of it at 12 m. 27th, marched with the brigade at 7 a. m., crossing the Ogeechee River at Fenn's Bridge; encamped near Rocky Comfort Creek, having marched fifteen miles. Companies A, F, D, I, and B were detailed for picket. 28th, picket companies were brought in at 6 a. m., and the command moved with the brigade and encamped two miles east of Louisville at 5 p. m. In this camp the command remained until the 30th, when, at 2 p. m., I was ordered to move to a road one mile to the right and support the pickets while their line advanced; light skirmishing ensued, but no loss was sustained. At this point, by order of brigade commander, Major Holmes, with a detail of men, burned one cotton gin, including-bales of cotton. Moving a short distance to the right the entire regiment was placed on picket, relieving the Eighty-sixth Illinois.

December 1, at 7 a. m. I was ordered to return to the camp occupied the previous day, and at 10 a. m. marched with the brigade and encamped at 11 p. m. 2nd, moved at 9 a. m. as train guards; marched twelve miles and encamped with the brigade at 10 p. m. 3rd, marched with the brigade at 8 a. m., following the Twenty-second Indiana; encamped at 7 p. m., having marched twelve miles. 4th, moved with the brigade at 10 a. m., crossing the railroad at Lumpkin's Station, and encamped at 7 p. m. 5th, marched at 7 a. m. as train guard; encamped with the brigade at 9 p. m. near Buck Head Creek Post-Office. 6th, marched at 6. 20 a. m., leading the division; encamped with the brigade at 5 p. m., having marched seventeenth miles; Companies C, E, and K were detailed for picket. 7th, moved with the brigade at 7 a. m., and encamped near Ebenezer Creek. 8th, moved with the brigade and encamped after a march of six miles. 9th, marched with the brigade on a road leading to Savannah at 2 p. m. The enemy opened fire on the head of the column from a battery in position on the road. I was ordered to take position on the right of the road and in rear of the Twenty-second Indiana. About 5 p. m. the command was moved near one mile to the right and encamped for the night. 10th, marched as rear guard for the division, encamping with the brigade at 2 p. m. 11th, marched with the brigade in the direction of Savannah, and when within five miles of the city encamped. 12th and 13 the, destroyed a portion of the Macon railroad, returning to the same camp, with we occupied until the morning of the 22d, when the command moved, with the brigade, to its present camp.

