
During the entire campaign only three days' rations were issued to this regiment. A detail of thirty men, in charge of a commissioned officer, was made each day to forage for the command, supplying it bountifully with meat and potatoes, and occasionally with flour and meal. This was done without molestation by the enemy until the 26th of November, when, on entering the town of Sandersonville, a lively skirmish was kept up for near an hour between the enemy's cavalry and the foraging parties of the division, the detail from this command, in charge of Lieutenant Summers, participating. No casualties occurred in his command.

Again, on the 30th, the detail in charge of Lieutenant McIntire was attacked by the enemy in considerable force near Louisville, resulting in a loss of 5 men-1 wounded and 4 missing. Added to this 1 man missing at Fenn's Bridge (on the 29th), and the list of casualties is complete.

I have no correct means of ascertaining the number of horses and mules captured, from the fact that foraging parties report to the brigade commander. I can only state, that there are at present for horses and twelve mules in this command, the properly of the Government, all of which, I believe, have been accounted for.

Inclosed* will be found accurate notes of the part taken by the command in rear of Atlanta from the 28th of September to the 15th day of November, while in command of Major Holmes.

In conclusion, it is my duty to say, in commendation of both officers and men, that all did their promptly, under all circumstances, adhering strictly to that good order and soldierly bearing that had hitherto characterized them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. CLANCY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant M. W. TANNER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 75. Report of Brigadier General Absalom Baird, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division. HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Savannah, Ga., January 7, 1865.

COLONEL: #

November 15, marched through and camped near the city of Atlanta. November 16, passed through Decatur and marched as far as Snapfinger Creek. From the 17th the march was continued through Lithonia, Conyers, crossing Yellow River, through Covington, over the Ulcofauhachee, through Shady Dale, and reaching the city of Milledgeville. On the morning of the 25th crossed the Oconee, and destroyed the bridge. On the 26th he arrived at Sandersonville. November 27, division started for Louisville, taking the road to Fenn's Bridge, the First and Second Division, with all the trains of the corps, following the direct road. Head of column reached Rocky Comfort Creek at 8. 30 a. m., but the

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

# For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations in North Georgia and North Alabama, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 646.

