
so or, and the creeks spread out into several miry branches. The roads between the creeks and ponds, though apparently of sandy and substain character, proved to be upon a thin crust, which was soon cut through by our long trains into the deep quicksand, requiring miles of courduroy. At several of the swamps the enemy had attempted to obstruct our march by felling timber. The supplies continued good and the weather excellent. On the 9th our direction of march was changed to the east, taking the road from Eden to Monteith Post-Office, on the Charleston railroad. At the large Monteith swamp we found that the enemy, besides obstructing the road for nearly a mile by felling trees, had built two small earth-works, and with a single gun and about 400 infantry, was making a show of stopping our march. Jackson's division being in advance, he was ordered to throw out several regiments on each flank, while a brigade in the center should make a feint to engage attention and enable the pioneers to clear the obstructions. Our hope of capturing the whole party did not succeed, btu their pretentious defenses were speedily abandoned as soon as a portion of Robinson's brigade, under Colonel West, Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers, could cross the swamp. The fugitives left behind a considerable quantity of new clothing and accountermets. Our loss one was killed and four wounded. Much praise was awarded to Colonel West for his conduct on this occasion.

On the following morning (10th of December) the corps moved down to Monteith Station, on the Charleston railroad, and, after destroying some miles of the road, marched to near the Five-Mile post on the Augusta and Savannah Railroad. At this point, meeting with the enemy's strong line of defenses behind swamps and artificial ponds, the corps was ordered to encamp for the night. During the afternoon a party of foragers, with some cavalry, succeeded in bringing to and capturing, near the foot of Argyle Island, a rebel dispatch boat, called the Ida, having on board Colonel Clinch, of General Hardee's staff, with dispatches for gun-boats above. The boat was unfortunately set on fire and burned. On the 11th Geary's division was moved to the left, encountering some opposition from rebel pickets. They were, however, driven back into the main works, and our line was established from the Savannah River, near Williamson's plantation, in advance of Pipemaker's Creek, across the Charleston railroad to the Cental railroad, a few hundred yards from the junction of the two roads, connecting with the Fourteenth Corps (Third Division on the right, First Division in center, and Second Division on the left). On the 12th Winegar's battery (four 3-inch guns), which had been placed in position at Tweedside to command the channel between Argyle Island and the Georgia shore, drove back two gun-boats attempting to descend the river, and so crippled the tender Resolute as to drive her aground, in which position she was taken possession of by Colonel Hawley, Third Wisconsin Volunteers, whose regiment was on duty on Argyle Island. Five naval officers and nineteen men were captured, besides a quantity of ordnance and subsistence stores. To boat, which was without armament, was subsequently turned over to the quartermaster's department, and is now in our service.

From the 13th to the 20th several changes were made in the positions of the troops: Robinson's brigade, of the First Division, was sent back to Cherokee Hill to cover the roads in our rear; two regiments from Geary's division occupied the upper end of Hutchinson's Island; Carman's brigade, First Division, was sent to Argyle Island and

