
November 19. -Order of march: Cavalry, First and Third Divisions, the Second Division detached. Railroad destroyed to Madison. Weather rainy. Roads good, but muddy. Supplies more plenty. Distance, seven miles.

November 20. -Order of march: Cavalry, Third and First Divisions, Second Division detached. Weather cloudy. Commenced raining 5 p. m. Road good, but heavy. Supplies not so plenty. Distance, twelve miles.

November 21. -Order of march: Cavalry, Third and First Division, Second Division detachment. Pontoons laid across Little River. Weather very rainy. Road very muddy and worn. The condition of the road caused the Third Brigade, First Division, to encamp two miles to the rear. Supplies more plenty. Distance, thirteen miles.

November 22. -Order of march: Cavalry, First, Second, and Third Division. Weather cold, clear, but windy, Road good. Supplies plenty. Distance, fifteenth miles.

November 23. -The troops remained in camp.

November 24. -Order of march: Cavalry, First, Second, and Third Division. Weather fine. Road excellent. Supplies not so plenty. Distance thirteen miles.

November 25. -Order of march: Cavalry, First, Second, and Third Division. The cavalry had a skirmish with Wheeler's cavalry. Weather fine. Road good, expect the crossing of Buffalo Creek, the bridges of the dam being destroyed. Supplies not so plenty. Poor country. Distance, eight miles.

November 26. -Order of march: First, Second, Third Division, cavalry on the flanks. The troops entered Sandersville simultaneously with Fourteenth Corps, skirmishing with enemy's cavalry. After entering town the First and Second Division, preceded by the cavalry, went to Tennille Station to destroy the railroad. The Michigan Engineers reported for duty and accompanied the column to said Station Numbers 13. Third Division covered trains at Sandersville. Weather clear. Road Excellent. Supplies plenty. Distance, twelve miles.

November 27. -Order of march: First Division, preceded by the cavalry, moved south of Georgia Central Railroad, while Second Division and Michigan Engineers destroyed the same to within five miles of Davisborough. The Third Division and trains moved from Sandersville to Davidsborough. Weather fine. Road excellent. The bridge at Davisborough over Williamson's Swamp Creek was not destroyed. Supplies plenty. Distance, fifteen miles.

November 28. -Order of march: The Cavalry, Third Division, and train moved toward Louisville and encamped on Ogeechee River. The First Division destroyed railroad to Spiers Station. The Michigan Engineers and Second Division destroyed railroad at and west of Davisborough, the Second Brigade, Second Division, covering part of the train to Spiers Station. Weather fine. Road excellent. Supplies abundant. Distance, twelve miles.

November 29. -Order of march: Cavalry, Third Division, and train crossed the Ogeechee and Rocky Comfort Creek on pontoons and encamped southeast of Louisville. The First and Second Brigades, First Division, destroyed railroad from Spiers Station to Station 10 1/2; the Second Brigade, Second Division, from 10 1/2 to Ogeechee River; the remainder of Second Division and Michigan Engineers moved up from Davidsborough, Third Brigade, First Division, protecting part of train. Weather fine. Road good. Supplies plenty. Distance, nine miles.

November 30. -Order of march: Finding Ragford's Bridge destroyed, the First and Second Division and Michigan Engineers crossed the

