
December 14. -Two regiments of Second Division pushed over on to Hutchinson's Island.

December 15. -Second Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers re-enforced Third Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers on Argyle Island.

December 16. -Second Brigade, Third Division, relived remainder of Second Brigade, First Division, the latter crossing over to Argyle Island.

December 19. -The regiments of the Second Brigade, First Division, crossed over to the South Carolina shore and intrenched themselves between Clydesdale Creek and the house of Mr. Izard.

December 21. -Savannah having been evacuated by the enemy, the Second Division took possession of the city early in the morning. The Third and First Divisions arrived during the day.

Numbers 78. Report of Brigadier General Nathaniel J. Jackson, U. S. Army, commanding First Division. HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS, Savannah, Ga., December 31, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division from the time at which I was placed in command to the time of the occupation of Savannah:

November 11, pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 124, headquarters Twentieth Corps, I assumed command of the First Division. Twentieth Corps. November 13, the Second Brigade (Colonel E. A. Carman commanding) was ordered to proceed to a point on the Chattanooga railroad, midway between the Chattahoochee bridge and the city of Atlanta, and destroy the railroad track each way. Colonel Carman report that he destroyed three miles and a half. November 15, pursuant to orders previously received, the division, having the advance of the corps moved out of Atlanta at 7 a. m., taking the road through Decatur and encamping at night one mile and a half southeast of Stone Mountain. The Second Massachusetts Volunteers (Colonel Cogswell commanding) remained behind to destroy the public property in the city and accompany the Fourteenth Corps until such time as it could rejoin its command. Marched sixteen miles. November 16, the division, being ordered to march in the rear, did not break camp until 2 p. m. In the meantime the Third Brigade (Colonel Robinson commanding) moved to the Georgia railroad and destroyed two miles of the track. The road was hilly and rough, and the march consequently impeded by the several trains of the corps; crossed Yellow River and encamped at 10 p. m. near Rock Bridge Post-Office; marched ten miles. November 17, marched at 10 a. m. in the rear; crossed No Business, Big Haynes, and Little Haynes Creeks and encamped for the night near Flat Creek, the rear of the division not getting up until after midnight; distance, thirteen miles. November 18, marched at 7 a. m., still having the rear of the corps; passed through Social Circle at noon, where we crossed to the south side of the Georgia railroad; after passing Social Circle the road was good, and at 10 p. m. the whole division was in camp within five miles of Madison, having marched nineteen miles. November 19, the division had charge of the entire wagon train of the corps, the other two divisions having been assigned to other duty; marched at 7 a. m., passing through Madison, and encamped four miles south of that place; marched nine miles.

