
November 20, broke camp at 8 a. m., the division being in the rear and guarding one-half of the trains of the Second Division. Considerable rain had fallen, which retarded the movement of the trains so that the rear did not get into camp until 11 p. m. Encamped within four miles and a half of Eatonton, having marched fourteen miles. November 21, marched at 7 a. m., still in the rear, and having the same number of wagons to guard. Passed through Eatonton at 12 m. On account of continued rain the roads were extremely muddy, and it was with the greatest labor that a portion of the trains could be got along; marched twelve miles. November 22, crossed Little River at 9 a. m., the division having the advance. The head of the column arrived within one mile of Milledgeville at 2 p. m., having met with no opposition. Here the command was halted, and, pursuant to order from Major-General Slocum, commanding Left Wing, Army of Georgia, the Third Wisconsin and One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers were sent forward to occupy, as provost guard, the city, Colonel Hawley, commanding Third Wisconsin Volunteers, being appointed post commander. The remainder of the division was then marched through the city across the Oconee River, where it encamped, with right resting on that river; marched fourteen miles. November 23, pursuant to orders from headquarters of the corps, I ordered the First Brigade (Colonel Selfridge commanding) to proceed to the Gordon and Milledgeville Railroad and destroy the track. Colonel Selfridge reported that he effectually destroyed five miles of the track. The remained of my command remained in camp, resting afer their tedious marches. November 24, moved at 7 a. m., having the advance; roads good; encamped at 4 p. m., having marched fifteen miles. November 25; moved at 6 a. m., having again the lead. Reached Buffalo Swamp at 8 a. m. Found that the bridges (nine in number) had been destroyed by enemy's cavalry, which delayed the column until 2 p. m. Encamped at 4 p. m. Cavalry skirmishing front; distance, nine miles. November 26, marched at 6 a. m., the division still having the advance. Entered Sandersville at 11 a. m., having driven out the enemy's cavalry with my skirmish line. Leaving the wagon trains to be guarded by the Third Division, my command marched to the Georgia Central Railroad at Tennille Station and destroyed six miles of track, the railroad depot, Government warehouses, and 324 bales of cotton; marched nine miles. November 27, marched to Davisborough, sixteen miles. November 28 and 29, destroyed the Georgia Central Railroad from Davisborough to Bostwick Station, distance of twenty miles, together with the depots and Government buildings along that portion of the road; also two saw mills and lumber yards and four large bridges, framed and ready for use, estimated to contain 1,500,000 feet of lumber. ssed the Ogeechee River and joined the trains near Louisville having marched eleven miles.

December 1, moved at 11. 30 a. m., being the center division in column; portion of the road very bad. The First Brigade (Colonel Self-ridge commanding) was, by order of Brigadier-General Williams, commanding corps, directed to report to General Ward to assist in guarding the trains of the cavalry. Encamped at 11 p. m. ; marched ten miles. December 2, marched through Birdville to Buck Head Church, thirteen miles; the First Brigade reported back to the command. December 3, crossed the Waynesborough railroad three miles north of Millen. The enemy having destroyed the bridges, the column was somewhat delayed. Encamped on Horse Creek at 4 p. m., having marched fifteen miles and a half, the division being in advance. December 4, division

