
again in advance; crossed several steams; country low; marched fourteen miles. December 5, marched at 3 p. m., having waited in camp for the other division to pass; the road was extremely bad and bout three miles was made at 11 p. m., at which time the division went into camp. December 6, marched at 7 p. m., still in the rear; roads very hard; marched fourteen miles. December 7, moved at 7 a. m., still in rear, and encamped at 10 p. m. near Springfield; country low and swampy, and roads bad; marched fifteen miles. December 8, leaving the wagon trains in charge of Third Division my command moved through Springfield in rear of Second Division; marched sixteen miles. December 9, my command moved in advance, coming into the main Savannah road shortly after leaving camp. On arriving at Monteith Swamp, about noon, the road was found very much obstructed by felled trees. Beyond the portion of the road obstructed the enemy had thrown up two redoubts, and in the more advanced one had posted a piece of artillery, which commanded the road and prevented the removal of the obstructions. Having ordered Colonel Selfridge (commanding First Brigade) to occupy the attention of the enemy in front, I sent the Second Brigade (Colonel Carman commanding) to the right of the road, with instructions to advance well around the enemy's left and endeavor to get in his rear. At the same time I ordered Colonel Robinson (commanding Third Brigade) to send three regiments to the left of the road to come up on the right flank of the enemy. Owing to the nature of the ground (a rice swamp), Carman's brigade was unable to reach the desired position before the regiments of the Third Brigade had bedouched from the woods on the right of the enemy's works. The enemy fled, after firing one volley, leaving their knapsacks and camp equiPAGE, but succeeded in removing the piece of artillery. Four prisoners were captured. My loss was od seven wounded. The distance marched was nine miles.

December 10, struck the Charleston and Savannah Railroad at Monteith Station, ten miles from Savannah. After destroying three miles of the track, my command advanced toward Savannah, following the Third Division. When within five miles of the city, the enemy having been found in an intrenched position, by direction of the brigadier-General commanding the corps I placed my command in position, with right resting on Savannah road. I then, ordered Colonel Selfridge, whose brigade was on the left, to send a regiment with instructions to go if possible to the river. Afterward, it having reported that this regiment was meeting with resistance, I ordered Selfridge to re-enforce it with another regiment. Owing, however, to the lateness of the hour at which the expedition started it did not succeed in reaching the river. On the 11th I ordered a reconnaissance to be made in front of my line, consisting of two regiment of Carman's brigade, under command of colonel Cogswell, Second Massachusetts Volunteers, which developed the enemy's position, and the nature of the intervening ground. On the same day, by direction of the brigadier-General commanding the corps, I directed Colonel Carman to send one regiment to Argyle Island to secure the stores and hold the rice mills upon the island. Pursuant to orders from headquarters of the corps, I also directed Colonel Robinson, commanding Third Brigade, to send three regiments to the rear to protect the trains, and on the 13th Colonel Robinson was directed to take the remainder of his brigade to the same position. On the 15th the Second Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel Cogswell commanding, was ordered to report with his regiment to Colonel Hawley on Argyle Island, and on the next day, pursuant to orders from headquarters of

