
marshal of the corps, and the remainder of the horses and the mules were put into the different trains of the division. Twenty-two cotton gins and 1,028 bales of cotton were destroyed by my command; 1,800 bales of cotton were also turned over by Colonel Hawley, Third Wisconsin Volunteers, while commanding post of Milledgeville, by order of Major-General Sherman. My command also destroyed 36 miles of railroad.

About 900 negroes joined and followed the column to our position in front of Savannah, where all except those who had been taken for teamsters and officers' servants were turned over to the provost-marshal of the corps.

My aggregate effective force on leaving Atlanta was 5,363, and on arriving at Savannah the report of effective force showed an aggregate of 5,174, making a loss of 189. Of this number 157 were killed, wounded, or missing, and are accounted for by name in the report of casualties appended to this report. The remain number, 32, were taken from the effective force by sickness.

The organization of my command is as follows: First Brigade, Colonel Selfridge, Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding, composed of the following regiments, One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers, Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and One hundred and forty first New York Volunteers. Second Brigade, Colonel E. A. Carman, Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, commanding, composed of the Third Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers, Second Massachusetts Volunteers, One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, and one hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers. Third Brigade, Colonel J. S. Robinson, Eighty-second Ohio Volunteers, commanding, composed of the Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers, Eighty-second Ohio Volunteers, Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers, One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers, and Sixty-Ohio Volunteers.

My staff was composed of the following-named officers:

1. Major James Francis, Second Massachusetts Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-General.

2. Surgt. H. Z. Gill, surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, surgeon-in-chief.

3. Captain George B. Cadwalader, assistant quartermaster.

4. Captain John C. Livezey, commissary of subsistence.

5. Captain E. A. Wickes, One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, acting topographical engineer.

6. Captain S. A. Bennett, One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, acting topographical engineer.

7. Captain M. P. Whitney, Fifth Connecticut Volunteers, provost-marshal.

8. Captain William J. Augustine, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, ordnance officer.

9. First Lieutenant George Robinson, aide-de-camp to Brigadier-General Williams, acting assistant adjutant-General.

10. First Lieutenant E. B. Benedict, Forty-sixth New York Volunteers, aide-de-camp.

Accompanying this report I forward reports of brigade and regimental commanders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. J. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Corps.

