
the destruction of most of the railroad from Atlanta on the west to the Savannah River on the east, the destruction of vast quantifies of cotton, the capture of a large amount of valuable stock, and finally of the city of Savannah and surrounding forts.

I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. Z. GILL,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, Chief First Div., 20th Army Corps.

Brigadier General J. K. BARNES,

Surgeon-General, U. S. Army.

Numbers 80. Report of Colonel James L. Selfridge, Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade. HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS, Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

LIEUTENANT. *

On the morning of November 15 we started from Atlanta en route for Savannah. My brigade was the leading one of the corps and moved from Decatur at 7 a. m., passed through that town, and after traveling about fourteen miles in an easterly direction, encamped for the night near Stone Mountain. November 16, moved from camp this afternoon at 1 p. m. and after a march of about ten miles encamped for the night near Rock Bridge. November 17, moved from near Rock Bridge at 9 a. m., traveled about fifteen miles toward Social Circle, and encamped at 12 midnight. November 18, started from encampment at 10 a. m., reached Social Circle at 2 p. m., where my brigade halted for dinner. The brigade was in the extreme rear of the corps, acting as rear guard. Marched about nineteen miles, an encamped near Rutledge at 10 p. m. November 19, started from near Rutledge at 9 a. m., passed through Madison at 11 a. m., and encamped at 5 p. m., a few miles south of that place on the Milledgeville road, after marching about eight miles. November 20, moved toward Eatonton this morning at 9 a. m. and encamped about five miles from Eatonton, after marching ten miles. This day's march was a very severe one, owing to the muddy nature of the roads' more or less rain during the entire day and evening. November 21, moved from our encampment at 9 a. m. and passed through Eatonton, about noon; roads in very bad condition. Traveled twelve miles and encamped, at 12 midnight fourteen miles from Milledgeville. November 22, my brigade entered Milledgeville at 4 p. m., without opposition, crossed the Oconee River, and encamped close to the city at 5 p. m. November 23, pursuant to orders from division headquarters this brigade marched through the city of Milledgeville at 1 p. m. to the Milledgeville and Gordon Railroad, five miles of which we completely destroyed by burning and bending the rails; returned to camp about 9 p. m. November 24, resumed our march this morning at 7 o'clock,ling about fourteen miles went into campo near Hebron at 4 p. m. ; roads very much improved; Weather cold and clear. November 25, started this morning promptly at 6 o'clock; reached Buffalo Swamp at 8 a. m. ; found that the bridges, nine in number, had been destroyed

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations about Atlanta, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 653.

---------------

