
by the enemy's cavalry; were detained here until 2 p. m., by which time the bridges were rebuilt, and we passed quietly over the swamp, and after marching about five miles encamped at 5 p. m. November 26, entered Sandersonville this morning at 11 o'clock. Moved to Tennille Station at 2 p. m., and destroyed about two miles of railroad, together with large Government warehouses, the railroad depot, and sixty-two bales of cotton. November 27, marched Davidsbough at 6 a. m. and reached that place at 4 p. m., where we encamped, after marching about twelve miles. November 28, brigade moved to the Georgia Central Railroad and assisted in destroying the track, &amp;c., from Davidsborough to Spiers Station a distance of twelve miles. Arrived at Spiers and encamped at 7 p. m. November 29, continued destroying the railroad at 7 a. m., and reached Bostwick Station about 6 p. m., after having destroyed eight miles of road. November 30, started this morning toward Louisville at 9 o'clock, and after marching ten miles encamped within two miles of Louisville.

December 1, pursuant to orders from division headquarter I reported with my brigade to Brigadier-General Ward, commanding Third Division. Twentieth Corps, who placed my brigade as guard alongside his wagon train, which was in rear of the corps; after traveling about five miles we encamped with the Third Division. December 2, started at daylight in the same order as yesterday; marched about twelve miles and got into camp at 6 p. m. ' received orders from General Jackson to join the First Division at 6 o'clock the following morning. December 3, brigade started at 5. 30 a. m., and joined the First Division, which was two miles in advance, at 6 a. m. ; traveled about fourteen miles and encamped near Horse Creek at 4 p. m. December 4, started this morning at 6 o'clock, and after marching through a desolate, piney country for fifteen miles, encamped near Little Ogeechee River at 4 p. m. December 5, did not move till 4 p. m. ; very bad roads; marched four miles and encamped about midnight. December 6, started at 6 a. m. ; December 7, resumed our march at 10 a. m., having the rear of the corps; passed through one continuous swamp twelve miles in length, and reached camp near Springfield on the following morning at 2 o'clock; the most tedious and unpleasant march during the campaign; rained during the entire day. December 8, resumed our march at 7 a. m., and after marching twelve miles through a flat, swampy country, encamped at dark about twenty miles northwest of Savannah. December 9, brigade moved at 7 a. m., in advance of the corps; after traveling about seven miles we came to a portion of he road which had been most effectually obstructed by slashed timber extended about 200 yards, at the end of which was an open field, and in the field, completely commanding the road, were two forts, occupied by the enemy, and from which position they prevented our prisoners form clearing the road of the obstructions referred to. In accordance with orders from division headquarters I sent forward the Fifth Regiment Connecticut Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel H. W. Da, as skirmishers, and shortly afterward sent the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, and One hundred and forty-first New York Volunteers, all that remained of my brigade, to support the Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers. In a short time they opened fire, and in conjunction with the Second and Third Brigades, which had been sent around on their flanks, drove the enemy in

