
great confusion from both forts and captured two prisoners. Lieutenant-Colonel Daboll, commanding the Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers, is entitled to much credit for the gallant manner in which he charged and drove the enemy from their works, as he was directly under fire of their guns and exposed to much danger. He is a brave officer and worthy of promotion. I moved on beyond the forts in line of battle for a distance of about one mile and a half, when I was ordered to return, and encamped for the night. In this little affair I only lost 3 men in my brigade, all from the Forty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers-1 man wounded in the leg (afterward amputated), 1 man wounded severely in the head, and 1 other slightly in the shoulder. There was supposed to be about 1,000 of the enemy in the forts, with two pieces of artillery.

December 10, traveled about nine miles, and encamped four miles from Savannah. Five of the enemy's soldiers surrendered near General Harrison's plantation to Captain A. W. Selfridge, acting commissary of subsistence of this brigade, while the latter was foraging in advance of my troops. The Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers, of my command, captured a wagon loaded with ammunition. The road at the point where we encamped for the night was obstructed by slashed timber, and just beyond the slashing the enemy were strongly fortified. Pursuant to order from Brigadier General N. J. Jackson, I sen the Forty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers about half a mile to the left on a road running parallel with the enemy's works and about 400 yards from them. In endeavoring to reach the river this regiment met the enemy's skirmishers, and after a brisk fire of fifteen or twenty minutes were obliged to fall back about 200 yards. While here seven deserters from the enemy gave themselves up and were forwarded to division headquarters. On the following day I removed the remained of my brigade to the road upon which the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer were stationed, my left connecting with General Geary's line and my right connecting with the left of the Third Brigade of this division. Here I remained until the morning of the 21st instant, when it was discovered that the enemy had evacuated his works. In accordance with orders from division headquarters I moved my brigade at 6 a. m. and occupied the rebel works. Shortly afterward I moved my troops to within one mile of the city of Savannah, where they are encamped. During the time we were encamped in front of Savannah my troops were within close range of the enemy's guns, and although they kept up a vigorous fire upon our lines, strange to say, only one man of my command was struck by their missiles. He was a member of the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and was slightly wounded by a piece of shell.

During the whole campaign the foraging was all that could be desired. The troops of my command subsisted principally from the captures of regiment foraging parties, which were sent out daily by each regimental commander. Besides this, my acting commissary of subsistence obtained the following supplies and issued them to this command during the march; 12 wagon-loads sweet potatoes, averaging 1,600 pounds per load; 100 head of beef-cattle, averaging 2,000 pound each; 100 sheep; 50 hogs; 2 half-barrels of sorghum molasses. The brigade captured about 40 horses and mules, destroyed 5 cotton gins and 73 bales of cotton, picked up about 100 negroes, and destroyed 20 miles of railroad. During the march the quartermaster of this brigade obtained from

15 R R-VOL XLIV

