
the country 36,094 pounds of corn and 75,231 pounds of fodder. Our stock was in much better condition when we entered Savannah than it was at the commencement of the campaign.

The health of the command was never better, and both officers and men were in excellent spirits and seemed to have the most perfect confidence in the success of our enterprise. When I left Atlanta, on the 15th of November, the effective force of this brigade was 63 commissioned officers and 1,448 enlisted men. At the close of the campaign I had 64 officers and 1,380 enlisted men, making an increase of 1 officer and a decrease of 68 enlisted men. Twenty-three of the above re supposed to have been captured by the enemy and 4 of them were wounded. The remainder (41) were taken from the effective force of the command on account of sickness.

In closing my report, duty requires that I should make a few comments upon the conduct of line and non-commissioned officers, many of whom seem to forget the responsibility of their positions and did but little toward preserving the discipline for which this command has ever been renowned. Regiment commanders exerted themselves to have their men together and endeavored to prevent straggling, but, owing to the indifference of line and non-commissioned officers, were unable to prevent their men from taking liberties which could and might have been remedied by their subordinates.

To my regimental commanders I wish to tender my warmest thanks for the cheerful manner in which they discharged each and every duty imposed upon them. Captain William Merrell, commanding One hundred and forty-first New York Volunteers, is entitled to especial praise for the zealous manner in which he performed the duties which devolved upon him as a regimental commander, having but a short time been in command and with but every few company officers to assist him.

To Captain D. W. Palmer, assistant adjutant-General; Captain William C. Rockwell, acting assistant inspector-General; Captain A. W. Selfridge, acting commissary of subsistence; First Lieutenant George Tubbs, topographical engineer; First Lieutenant R. Cruikshank, provost-marshal; First Lieutenant A. L. Crawford, acting assistant quartermaster; and Lieutenant W. F. Martin, aide-de-camp, members of my staff, I wish to offer my grateful appreciation of their efforts at all times to assist men in performing the several duties devolving upon them in a cheerful and soldier-like manner.

Just previous to leaving Atlanta my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Martin, received a leave of absence for twenty days, and although without proper equipments for a campaign (having just made his escape from Charleston prison), when he learned that we were likely to start southward before the expiration of his leave of absence, refused to avail himself of the same, and has been ever at his post, ready and willing to perform whatever service I required of him.

Accompanying this report you will please find reports of my regimental commanders.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. L. SELFRIDGE,

Colonel Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Vet. Vols., Commanding, First Brigadier

Lieutenant GEORGE ROBINSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

