
Numbers 81. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry W. Daboll, Fifth Connecticut Infantry, of operations October 21-December 23. HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VET. VOLS, Near Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of movements of this regiment since the occupation of Atlanta, Ga., September 2, 1864:

October 21, we received orders to march to march as a portion of guard to a wagon train of some 800 teams; we moved in the direction of Flat Shoals, eighteen miles; assisted in loading the train with corn, and returned to Atlanta on the 24th. October 29, moved with the First Brigade to Decatur, and formed portion of rear guard to a forage train coming in same day. November 5, moved out of the city three miles; encamped for the night and returned to the city next day. November 15, regiment marched, as advance guard of Twentieth Army Corps, in direction of Stone Mountain. We continued our march with the main column each day, nothing worthy of note occurring until November 20, when a small party of rebel cavalry made a dash on our rear, capturing some eight stragglers, three of them being members of this regent. November 22, reached MILLEDGEVILLE, the capital of the State. November 23, at work all day destroying the Gordon and Milledgeville Railroad, the regiment tearing up about two miles a half of track. Moved with the main column until the 26th, when we were again at work on the railroad, tearing up about a mile of track and destroying four large warehouses at Tennille Station, on the Macon road. November 28, again at work destroying railroad. November 29, at work on the railroad all day, reaching a point near the Ogeechee River; we left the railroad here, and rejoined the main column.

Nothing of importance occurred until December 9; the regiment, having the advance of the corps, came upon a small body of rebel infantry with one piece of artillery intrenched on the road near Monteith. The regiment was quickly deployed, and advancing through a deep marsh soon developed the force of the enemy. The First Division, Twentieth Corps, mated movement on them, they retreated at double-quick. Some portion of this regiment, being the first to enter the rebel fort, captured two prisoners. Our casualties were none. December 10, the regiment moved at an early hour, with hour wagons belonging to First Brigade commissary department, to General Harrison' plantation; loaded the wagons with sweet potatoes and meat, and obtained some three days' rations besides. Lieutenant Kellum, proceeding down a by-road with two companies, came upon two wagons loaded with ammunition and supplies which had been abandoned by the rebels; they were brought in, and accounted for. Same day we moved within three miles and a half of Savannah. Brigade formed line of battle on the left of railroad, the regiment in reserve in close column by division. The evening of December 15 the regiment was ordered to accompany a train of 165 wagons to King's Bridge, for the purpose of getting a mail and bringing up supplies; remained at King's Bridge until the 22d; returned with the train to Savannah. December 23, took position on left of the brigade, where the regiment remains at present.

During our march from Atlanta the regiment has mainly subsisted on the country. At no time have the men been without meat or pota-

