
toes-articles not furnished by the subsistence department. The animals picked up have all been accounted for by the quartermaster of the regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY W. DABOLL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 82. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James C. Rogers, One hundred and twenty-third New York Infantry, of operations October 21-December 24.
HEADQUARTERS 123rd NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment from the occupation of Atlanta by the U. S. forces to the present time:

Shortly after the occupation of Atlanta by our forces, the Twentieth Army Corps having been assigned to the duty of garrisoning the city, this regiment went into camp on the northeast of the town. The troops built themselves comfortable and commodious quarters, and stringent measures were adopted for preserving the health of the men, somewhat impaired by the protracted campaign and defective diet. With the exceptions hereafter noted, the regiment remained here in camp until the 15th of November following, engaged in the customary duties of the garrison, viz, drills, picket guards, and fatigue upon the fortifications. On the 21st day of October this regiment, in connection with other forces and a large number of wagons, the whole under the command of Colonel Dustin, went upon a foraging expedition into the Snapfinger Creek and South River Valleys. A large amount of corn and fodder was gathered here, but I have no definite knowledge or official information of the amount. The expedition returned, without being molested, one the 24th of October. On the 29th of October this regiment, with the other regiments of the brigade, went to Decatur in aid of a foraging party under command of Brigadier-General Geary, and returned the same day without having seen the enemy. On the 5th day of November this regiment, in connection with the other regiment of the Twentieth Army Corps, broke camp and moved out upon the McDonough road, and encamped for the night. It returned the next day and reoccupied its old camp.

These movements comprise all the field operations of this regiment during its stay in Atlanta. During this time attention was paid to perfecting discipline, which was somewhat relaxed by a long and arduous campaign. The men were fully clothed and equipped, convalescents called in from hospital, the returns of company officers completed and sent in, and every effort made to bring the command to a condition for active service. The regiment here received eight of their ten months' pay them due. Forty-three recruits were received here but so shortly before moving from the city that but little instructions in drill could be imparted. They are, however, a good class of men, and have, in the main, proved themselves good soldiers. The elective franchise, conferred by an act of the New York Legislature at its last session, was here exercised, and it si believed with less of partisan heat and undue influence than ordinarily occurs at elections held in communities free from military authority.

