
days' rations of hard bread and three and a half days' of salt neat were the only issues of those rations brought from Atlanta up to the time of entering Savannah.

Fourteen officers and seventy-three men having been detached for various duties in the corps, the regiment left Atlanta on the 15th of November with 18 officer and 447 men, and entered Savannah on the 21st of December with 18 officers and 446 men, the only loss during the campaign from the regiment near Madison, was probably captured by the enemy's cavalry.

The health and physical vigor of the command have not only been preserved but greatly improved during the campaign, an the troops are now but greatly improved during the campaign, and the troops are now, with the exception of clothing, of which they are in great need, better fitted for active service than when they left Atlanta.

While the highest state of discipline could not be preserved from the peculiar character of the movement, I take pleasure in saying that under circumstances of extraordinary temptation this command has, in a great measure, been preserved from the vices of straggling and marauding. Both officers and men have always exhibited a cheerful willingness to perform every duty imposed on them, and a large share of that unquestioning confidence in the leader of this army which is so important an element in the success of military movements.

I have the honor to be very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. C. ROGERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain D. W. PALMER,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 83. Report of Captain William Merrell, One hundred and forty-first New York Infantry. HDQRS. 141ST REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command during the recent campaign:

From the occupation of Atlanta, Ga., the regiment was engaged in building quarters and the usual duties of camp life until the 30th instant, when we were ordered to report to Colonel N. M. Grane, commanding a provisional brigade doing guard duty in the city; here we remained until the commencement of the recent campaign; on the morning of November 15 we broke camp and joined the First Brigade on the Decatur road; marching fifteen miles, we halted near Stone Mountain and camped for the night. 16th, marched across Yellow River, guarding ammunition train; halted at 11. 30 p. m. from the night. 17th commenced the march at 10 a. m., guarding train; camped at 12. 30 p. m. 18th, marched at 9 a. m. ; halted at Social Circle at 2 p. m. for dinner; afternoon resumed the march, passing through Rutledge, and encamped at 11 p. m. 19th, marched at 9 a. m. on train guard; passed through Madison at 2 p. m. ' taking the Milledgeville road at that place, we camped four miles from the town. 20th, marched at 9 a. m., camping near Eatonton for the night. 21st, marched at 9 a. m. ; passed through Eatonton; camped at 1 a. m., 22d, four miles from that place. 22d, marched at daylight; crossed Little River; reached Milledgeville at sunset; went into camp about one mile east of the town. 23d, was ordered out in light marching order at 1 p. m. ; marched to the Mil-

