
ledgeville and Eatonton Railroad; we were engaged in destroying that road until after dark, when we returned to camp. 24th, marched at daylight from Milledgeville; camped about 4 p. m. 25th, marched at 6. 30 a. m. ; made about eight miles. 26th, marched at 6. 15 a. m. ; reached Sandersonville at 10 a. m., where we halted for dinner; we then marched to Tennille Station, on the Georgia Central Railroad, and halted for the night. 27th, marched at 6 a. m. from Tennille Station to Davidsborough, fifteen miles; captured during the afternoon twelve head of cattle and two mules; went into camp for the night. 28th, marched at 7 a. m. to the railroad, destroying it to Spiers Station, encamped for the night at that place. 29th, moved at 6. 30 a. m. on the railroad; destroyed it to Bostwick Station, a distance of eight miles and camped for the night. 30th, marched at 9. 30 a. m. ; crossed the Ogeechee River two miles from Louisville and camped for the night.

Nothing of importance occurred until the 9th of December, when the road was found to be obstructed by fallen timber, rendering it impossible to advance. The pioneers were ordered forward, but as soon as the work began the rebels opened a piece of artillery upon the advance which had halted in the road. After a short time the balance of our brigade were ordered to advance and support the Fifth Connecticut Volunteers, which were on the skirmish line, while two brigades were sent on the flanks. The First Brigade advanced as far as the nature of the ground would permit, and after getting within range and Fifth Connecticut Volunteers opened a terrific fire on the enemy's battery, driving them in great confusion from their works, which we soon occupied; here we halted for the night. 10th, marched at 7. 30 a. m., striking the Charleston and Savannah Railroad at 10 a. m. ; after a halt of three hours we again advanced in direction of Savannah and within four milwhen it was discovered that a large force of the enemy was in our front, when we halted and formed a line of battle to the left of the road; after sending out pickets we encamped for the night. 11th, advanced about one-quarter of a mile, constructed works, and remained until the morning of the 21st, when it was discovered that the enemy had evacuated, when we immediately advanced our lines, moved withing one mile of the city, where are now encamped.

There were issued during the campaigns eleven days' rations; the balance of rations were foraged from the country. There were twenty-five negroes brought along by this command.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM MERRELL,

Captain, Commanding 141st Regiment New York Volunteers.

Captain D. W. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 84. Report of Major Patrick Griffith, Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry. HDQRS. FORTY-SIXTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOLS, Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

SIR: *

November 15, left Atlanta, Ga., nothing of importance transpiring; camped near Stone Mountain at 4 p. m. 16th, nothing of importance

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations about Atlanta, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 654.

---------------

