
transpiring; camped at Yellow River at 12 p. m. 17th, nothing of importance transpiring; camped five miles from Hot Creek at 12 p. m. ; roads bad; forage plenty. 18th, rear guard left camp at 7. 50 a. m. ; passed through Social Circle at noon; crossed the--- River; camped five miles from Rutledge at 2 p. m. 19th, left camp at 6 a. m. ; train guard; raining, Weather warm; passed through Madison at 1 p. m. ; camped four miles from Madison on the Milledgeville road at 5 p. m. 20th, rainy all night; First Brigade rear guard; passed through Eatonton at noon; roads almost impassable; camped at 2 a. m. 21st, rain; roads worse than yesterday; camped at 2 a. m. 22d, left camp at 7 a. m. ; Weather very cold; crossed Little River at 10 a. m. ; arrived in Milledgeville, Ga., at 4 p. m. ; crossed Oconee River to camp. 23d, left camp to burn railroad; First Brigade destroyed five miles of road; returned to camp at 10 p. m. 24th, left Milledgeville at 7 a. m. ; Weather clear and cold; roads good; passed through several canebrakes, and camped near Hebron at 4 p. m. 25th, left camp at 6 a. m. ; delayed at Buffalo Creek on account of bridges having been destroyed; moved to near Sandersville; cavalry had a severe skirmish with the enemy; camped in line for the night. 26th, left camp at 7 a. m. ; the advance skirmishing to Sandersonville; enemy retreating; moved to Tennille Station, three miles and a half; destroyed immense amounts of cotton, both raw and manufactured; destroyed one mile and a half of railroad and large warehouses used by the rebel Government to store provisions. 27th, marched from Tennille to Davidsborough; camped at 4 p. m. 28th, destroyed railroad from Davidsborough to Spiers Station, a distance of eleven miles; camped before night. 29th, resumed destroying the railroads, and after destroying eight miles encamped at dark near Bostwick. 30th, left camp at 8. 30 a. m., course due north; camped near Louisville at dark.

December 1, left camp at daylight, and camped at 8 p. m., nothing of import transpiring. December 2, left camp at 6. 30 a. m. ; camped at Buck Head Creek at 8 p. m. December 3, left camp at 5. 30 a. m. ; marched eighteen miles, and encamped at 4 p. m. ; Weather r 4, showers during the night; nothing of importance transpiring. December 5, left camp at dark; camped at 12 p. m. ; forage plenty. December 6, left at 9 a. m. ; camped at dark. December 7, left camp near Sylvania at 10 a. m. ; rain all night; passed through the works kind of swamps; on the road until daylight. December 8, resumed the march at 8. 30 a. m. ; Weather good; camped at dark. December 9, left camp at 8 a. m. ; advance engaged with the enemy; First Division in advance; found the enemy strongly posted in earth-works t Cypress Swamp; First Brigade moved forward in the center; Second Brigade on the right, and Third Brigade one the left; charged and took the enemy's works in fine style; loss in regiment, three wounded; camped on the captured ground at dark. December 10, left camp at 8 a. m. ; came on the enemy's works four miles from Savannah, when I was ordered by Colonel James L. Selfridge, commanding First Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Corps, to move my regiment about half a mile to the left on the road leading from the main road to the river. About half on hour after I received an order from Brigadier-General Jackson, commanding division, directing me to push my command to the river, if I could do so safely. I moved on to within a quarter of a mile to the river, where we met the enemy's skirmishers, and exchanged shots with them about twenty minutes. Finding the enemy's lien strong, and my flanks entirely exposed, I deemed it producent to fall back a distance of 200 yards, where I remained in line of battle during the night, having

