
at the same time thrown out a strong skirmish line covering my front and left, my right connecting with the Third Brigade skirmishers, who were thrown forward during the evening. During the night I received seven deserters from the enemy, whom I forwarded to brigade headquarters under guard. On the 12th was ordered into camp near the road occupied by my regiment the night previous, threw up breast-works, and remained until the 23d, when it was found that the enemy had evacuated his works, when we advanced to within two miles of the city, and went into our present camp.

From the 15th of November (date of leaving Atlanta) until the 23rd of December, we drew about then days' full rations of crackers, sugar, and coffee. The balance of our supplies were foraged from the country through which we passed.

During the campaign I captured 15 or 20 negroes, whom I directed to report to Captain Cadwalader, division quartermaster; also some mules and horses, which were turned in to Captain Whittlesey, corps quartermaster. My command captured 4 Prussian rifled muskets, which were turned in to the division ordnance department.

The officers of my command behaved well during the campaign. The inlisted men of my regiment, with one or two exceptions, obeyed orders promptly. Those who failed to observe them were punished at the time.

When the regiment left Atlanta the effective strength was 16 officers and 415 enlisted men.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. GRIFFITH,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain D. W. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 85. Report of Colonel Ezra A. Carman, Thirteenth New Jersey Infantry, commanding Second Brigade. HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TWENTIETH CORPS, Near Savannah, Ga., December 27, 1864.

SIR: January

November 15, the brigade, with the exception of the Second Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry which was left to destroy the public property in the city and accompany the Fourteenth Corps until such time as it could rejoin its brigade, took up its line of march with the division and corps to which it belongs, marched to Stone Mountain and encamped for the night. November 16 it crossed Yellow River and Rock Bridge, and encamped two miles from east bank. November 17, crossed Big and Little Haynes Creeks, and encamped near Sheffield. November 18, in compliance with orders issued from Major-General Sherman previous to starting on this campaign, I detailed a forage party consisting of two companies from each regiment, with directions to proceed along each side of the road, keeping within half a mile of the column, and collect what subsistence they could find for the use of the brigade. One department of forty-three, under command of

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations about Atlanta, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 655.

---------------

