
six miles southeast of Sylvania. December 5, marched two miles southeast. December 6, marched seventeen miles in same direction. December 7, marched to Springfield. December 8, camped near Eden. December 9, moved out to the Monteith road, reaching the Monteith Swamp about noon, where the enemy had erected two earth-works across the road and felled the timber for some distance in front Received orders to move up on the right of the road and endeavor to flank these works. I moved through the wood about three-quarters of a mile, where I found a rice field extending up to the left of their battery (our right). I formed the brigade in two lines across this field, advanced skirmishers, and moved forward. The enemy opened one piece of artillery on any skirmishers, but soon ceased and evacuated their fort. The ground being a rice swamp by progress was necessarily very slow, and they escaped, with the exception of three men captured by the Third Wisconsin Volunteers; encamped for the night. December 10, moved down to the Charleston and Savannah Railroad and destroyed about two miles of the track, and moved on to within five miles of Savannah, where the enemy were found strongly intrenched. Formed line of battle on left of Third Division, right on the Savannah turnpike. A forage party under command of Captain Gildersleeve, One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, this day captured the rebel dispatch steamer Ida on the Savannah River, taking thirteen prisoners, among whom was Colonel Clinch, of General Hardee's staff. The steamer was burned by Captain Gildersleeve, he not being able to hold it on account of the rebel gun-boats on the river. December 11, the brigade in same position; under orders from the brigadier-General commanding the division, the Second Massachusetts and One hundred and seventh New York, under command of Colonel Cogswell, Second Massachusetts, made a reconnaissance of the enemy's position and reported directly to division headquarters. Later in the day I was directed to send one regiment to report to the brigadier-General commanding the corps for special service. The Third Wisconsin, Colonel Hawley commanding, was selected, and received orders from Brigadier-General Williams, commanding Twentieth Corps, to cross to Argyle Island in the Savannah River, secure such property as he might find there, and also to make a reconnaissance to the South Carolina shore. Two companies of this regiment crossed to Argyle Island this night and six companies the following morning, leaving two companies to guard the Georgia shore and take charge of a rice mill and contraband camp. December 12, while crossing the river Colonel Hawley discovered three steamers descending. Winegar's battery, on the Georgia shore, immediately opened fire upon them, driving two gun-boats Macon and Sampson, back. One, the armed steam tender Resolute, was driven on the island and captured with all the crew, consisting of 5 officers and 19 men, by Colonel Hawley. There was a quantity of ordnance and subsistence stores on board, a list of which is given in appendix C. Colonel Hawley also secured a quantity of stores and animals upon the island, which will be found enumerated in appendix C to this report. The brigade remained in same position until December 15, when the Second Massachusetts Volunteers was ordered by Brigadier-General Williams to report to Colonel Hawley at one upon Argyle Island. December 16, received orders from Brigadier-General Williams to move my brigade over Argyle Island, and from thence to the South Carolina shore. At 7 a. m., being relieved by Colonel Dustin's brigade, of Third Division I, proceeded with the remainder of the brigade to Argyle Island, and took up position on the eastern point and near South Caro-

