
December 5, marched 5, marched in rear of train. December 6, marched. December 7, crossed Turkey Branch; camped near Springfield. December 8, marched about ten miles. December 9, marched to about fifteen miles from Savannah; encountered a small force of the enemy in a small work with two guns; go on their flank and they left. December 10, marched across the Charleston and Savannah Railroad; partially destroyed a bridge, and at night went into position about five miles from Savannah, about one mile from the enemy's works. December 11, the regiment, with the One hundred and seventh New York, made a reconnaissance toward the enemy's works. December 12, advanced with the brigade and took position near the enemy's works. December 13 and 14, lay in the same position. December 15, crossed the Savannah River of the flat-boats and camped on a rice plantation on Argyle Island, near the Third Wisconsin. December 16, were shelled from the South Carolina shore and from a rebel gun-boat. December 17, lay in same position; threw up some slight defensive works. December 18, lay in same position. December 19, crossed at daylight on flat-boats to the Carolina shore; the Third Wisconsin in advance; drove in the enemy's skirmishers and established a line of battle about a mile from the river; advanced a short distance about noon to a small hill and threw up works; were shelled by the enemy. December 20, had works built for two guns which were crossed in the night; were shelled by gun-boat and field battery. December 21, received orders to cross to Argyle Island, which was effected without loss to our regiment. Companies A and C and our pickets were hard pressed by the enemy, but crossed late at night with a loss of one man wounded. The regiment attempted to cross to the mainland, but a heavy wind prevailing, were blown down river to King's Island and recrossed the regiment to Argyle Island in small boats with much difficulty. December 22, the whole day spent in crossing the brigade to the Georgia shore. At night marched about seven miles to the present camp of the command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. COGSWELL,

Second Massachusetts Infantry.

Captain J. R. LINDSAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 87. Report of Major Frederick H. Harris, Thirteenth New Jersey Infantry. HDQRS. THIRTEENTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, Near Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

SIR: *

November 15, marched seventeen miles in a southeasterly direction to foot of Stone Mountain, passing through Decatur and into De Kalb County, where our brigade did picket duty. November 16, marched ten miles in a northeasterly direction to two miles east of Yellow River; crossed river at Rock Bridge and passed into Gwinnett County. November 17, marched thirteen miles east, to three miles beyond Sheffield, and into Newton and Walton Counties; crossed Big and Little

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations about Atlanta, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 656.

---------------

