
miles southeast to one mile northwest of Springfield; crossed Turkey Branch Creek. December 8, marched twelve miles southwest to near Eden; passed through Springfield. December 9, marched three miles south to the Monteith road, thence along this road southeast to the Monteith Swamp, which the road crosses fourteen miles from Savannah. Here we found the rebels had built two forts across the road, which was also obstructed by felled timber. Our brigade was sent to the right of the forts; formed in two lines in a rice swamp. The rebels opened on us with on piece of artillery. A charge was then made upon the fort, which the rebels evacuated before we reached; encamped near it for the night having marched nine miles. December 10, marched on the Monteith pike about five miles; struck the Charleston and Savannah Railroad; tore up ad burned a quarter of a mile of it; then moved to within about five miles of Savannah, when our regiment was placed in reserve in rear of the One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, and about a mile from the rebel works. December 11, moved at 7 p. m. from the second line to the front; encamped in line of battle. December 12, took position in line of battle to left of and between Savannah turnpike and river and to the north of Pipe-Maker's Creek. December 13, threw up breast-works in front of regiment. December 16, crossed Savannah River at Cumming's Ferry to Argyle Island in flat-boats; we threw up breast-works on the northeast side of island. December 19, according to order this regiment, together with the Second Massachusetts and Third Wisconsin Volunteers, crossed to the South Carolina shore, at 7 a. m., in flat-boats. Skirmishers were thrown out. The regiment took position to protect the right; the right, resting on Hog Island Creek, landed on South Carolina shore near Izard's Mill. Our regiment was then moved farther to the left to Smith's house, Beech Hill, where it threw up breast-works, one company being sent to Colonel Hawley to assist in capturing a hill. December 20, three companies joined with other detachment, under command of Colonel Hawley, to make reconnaissance. Late in afternoon was severely shelled by gun-boat in river. During night heard much noise as of moving of troops in our front, which was afterward found to be the evacuation of Savannah. December 21, crossed river to Argyle Island and part of regiment over to Georgia shore. December 22, crossed balance of regiment to Georgia shore and marched seven miles south to two miles from Savannah, taking position near river opposite Hutchinson's Island.

I am, sir, with much report, your obedient servant,

FRED H. HARRIS,

Major, Commanding Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain J. R. LINDSAY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 88. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Allen N. Sill, One hundred and seventh New York Infantry, of operations September 2-December 23.

HEADQUARTER 107TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEER,

Near Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report as the part taken by this regiment in this campaign:

On the 2nd of September, 1864, this regiment entered Atlanta as part of a reconnoitering party sent from division headquarters under com-

