
8 a. m. ; reached the Millen and Augusta Railroad about noon; camped near Millen. December 4, broke camp at daylight and marched fifteen miles and went into camp. Remained in camp December 5 until 6 p. m. waiting for the wagon trains to pass; moved two miles and camped. December 6, resumed the march, guarding the rear of the trains; made a distance of twelve miles and camped. DECEMBER 7, broke camp at 7. a. ; marched thirteen miles; roads very bad; rained during most of the forenoon; camped at 9 p. m. December 8, resumed the march at 7 a. m. ; passed through Springfie marched nine miles and camped. December 9, broke camp at 9 a. m. and marched at 10; at 2 p. m. reached Monteith Swamp, where we found the First Brigade skirmishing with the enemy; halted for dinner. At 3 p. m. moved to the right of the road and formed line of battle in a swamp where the water was knee deep. This regiment went into position on the left of the Third Wisconsin Volunteers and on the right of the One hundred and fifteenth New York Volunteers. Moved forward and soon our skirmishers were engaged and uncovered a redoubt, when the enemy opened on us with artillery; The line halted, when soon after the First Brigade opened on the redoubt from the opposite side and the enemy left their works and retreated in haste, taking with them, however, their artillery. Our line forward and halted near the redoubt and encamped for the night. December 10, resumed the march at 6. 30 a. m. ; crossed the Savannah and Charleston Railroad at Monteith Station; halted and destroyed the track for some distance, when orders came to move on; camped at 2 p. m. four miles from Savannah. December 11, this regiment, with the Second Massachusetts, was ordered out on a reconnaissance; did not proceed far before we found the enemy in strong works; returned to camp at 11 p. m. December 12, moved into line of battle on the left of the Second Massachusetts Volunteers and on the right of the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, where breast-works were erected. December 13, 14, and 15, remained in camp without any change. December 16, broke camp at 6 a. m. ; marched to the Savannah River and crossed to Argyle Island with the brigade, a distance of four miles, where we camped and remained without accident until the 19th, when this regiment changed position and occupied the camp of the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, but at 2 p. m. crossed the east branch of the river of South Carolina to join the brigade. The regiment was divided and four companies ordered to report to Colonel Cogswell, Second Massachusetts Volunteers, and two companies to report to Colonel Hawley, Third Wisconsin Volunteers, and two companies were left to guard the landing; five companies (A, E, G, H, and I) were moved upon by the enemy, and the enemy were repulsed, when the five companies were ordered back by Colonel Hawley, and took position in rear and fortified; two men only were slightly wounded December 20, were joined by the remaining companies and lay in works all day. December 21, received news that Savannah was occupied by our troops; order were received at 8 a. m. to recross the river; this regiment moved down to the landing but was returned to the support enemy made movements in works until 2 p. m., during which time the enemy made movements in front as if to attack, but nothing occurred but slight skirmishing; at 2 p. m. we were again ordered to retire to the river; recrossed safely to Argyle Island and remained during the night. December 22, remained in works on the island, unable to recross the west branch of the river on account of the strong wind; about 12 m. the enemy moved down to the river and annoyed the troops by sharpshooters; we had one man severely wounded in the leg; crossed to

