
ber . 69; 10,000 rounds cartridges, caliber . 69; 300 sets accountermets; 5,000 lances; 1,500 cutlasses; 15 boxes U. S. standard weights and measures. Thrown into the river-170 boxes fixed artillery ammunition; 200 kegs powder; 16 hogsheads salt. A large amount of cotton, say 1,800 bales, was disposed of by General Sherman; the manner of disposition was not made thrown to me. About 1,500 pounds tobacco was taken by my order and distributed among the troops generally. Besides the property above enumerated, a large lt of circellaneous articles, such as harness, saddles, canteens, tools for repairing was materials, caps, &amp;c., was burned in the building situated in the square near the State House. I remained in command of the post until November 24, when, by order of Major-General Slocum, I rejoined my brigade, being relieved by colonel commanding Nineteenth Kentucky Volunteers, name not known. Marched same day fourteen miles to near Bluff Creek. November 25, marched to Hebron; on this march the command was delayed six hours by the burning of the bridge over Buffalo Creek by the enemy; whole distance marched, nine miles. November 26, marched to Tennille Station, on the Savannah and Macon Railroad, via Sandersonville, the advance of the brigade skirmishing slightly with the enemy. Although my regiment advanced in line of battle for several miles, the enemy retreated so rapidly before the advance guard that my regiment did not come up with him. At Tennille my regiment was placed directly on the railroad without going into camp and destroyed the road until dark; amount destroyed, say half a mile. November 27, marched twelve miles to Davidsborough. November 28, commenced the destruction of the railroad in the morning. Marched thirteen miles, passing through Key West, and went into camp at Spiers Station, November 29, marched eight miles destroying railroad track, going into camp near Bostwick. On this day's march my regiment destroyed at least two miles of track, besides burning a large lumber and timber yard, situated on both sides of the track and extending a quarter of a mile. This yard contained the worked timber for four complete railroad bridges, besides a large quantity of sawed ties and boards. The whole lot is variously estimated at from 1,000,000 to 5,000,000 feet; I think 3,000,000 feet fair estimate. November 30, marched eight miles, crossing the Ogeechee River, and went into camp three miles beyond.

December 1, marched ten miles, crossing Dry Creek, going into camp at an early hour. December 2, marched fifteen miles and went into camp near Jones' Mill Creek. December 3, marched fourteen miles, crossing the Millen and Augusta Railroad. December 4, marched twelve miles, and went into camp near Hunter's Mills. December 5, marched threeinto camp. December 6, marched ten miles toward Springfield. December 7, marched eleven miles, and went into camp one mile southeast of Springfield. December 8, marched ten miles, and went into camp. December 9, changed the direction of our march, and took the direct Savannah road. After marching about four miles the enemy were found, strongly intrenched and occupying two small forts directly in our front, entirely covering the road over which we had to pass. At this point the First Division being the advance, was halted and formed for the attack in the following order; Second Brigade, Colonel E. A. Carman, on the right; First Brigade, Colonel Selfridge, in the center; Third Brigade, Colonel Robinson, on the left. The Second Brigade, in order to gain the rear of the enemy, if possible, made a detour to the right, moving by the flank a distance of one mile, gaining a position in a rice swamp, through which the rear of the forts could be reached. My regiment, with the Second Massachusetts

