
Infantry on its right, was formed in line of battle in the rice swamp; the balance of the brigade was formed on the left, in the woods. An advance was then made, in the above order, for nearly one mile, when the skirmish line became engaged, and the brigade was halted. I remained in this position without orders to advance until the enemy, being hard pressed by the Third Brigade, who had gained the right flank of his position, began to retreat. I thin moved on rapidly without orders, but the swamp was so deep, and the enemy having a good road at his command, it was impossible for us to overtake him. After following him a distance of two miles, I returned, by your order, and went into camp near the enemy's deserters works. the only casualty on this day was one officer, Captain Buck, wounded. Three of the enemy were captured by my skirmish line. Distance marched this day, six miles. December 10, marched at daylight; reachn and Savannah Railroad; halted and destroyed a portion of the road. The march was resumed until the enemy's works were reached in front of Savannah, when I took up a position with the brigade in line of battle about three-quarters of a mile from the enemy's outer line of works. Distance marched this day, ten miles. December 11, at 3 o'clock, by your order, I reported to brigadier-General commanding corps, from whom I received instructions to take my command to Argyle Island, in the Savannah River, secure the rice and other public property there, and to make a reconnaissance on the South Carolina shore. I succeeded in crossing two companies that night. December 12, crossed the balance of my command this morning. While crossing I discovered three rebel steamer coming down the river. Two of them proved to be gun-boats by almost immediately becoming engaged with our battery on shore. Immediately deployed two companies to intercept them if possible, and pick off their gunners. Before the skirmishers could reach a position where their fire could be effective, the two gun-boats had retreated, making their escape up the river. While changing their position the two gun-boats both into the third vessel-which afterward proved to be the armed tender Resolute-which had so disabled her that her shells could not revolve. When my troops came up to her, the officers and crew had lowered the small boats and were busily engaged in getting in their baggage and other personal property, and would have succeeded in making their escape in a few minutes more. After one volley from my men, resulting in the wounding of the executive officer of the boat, the vessel was surrendered, immediately boarded by my troops, and brought to the Georgia shore. The following is a list of the arms and supplies found on board, which, with the boat, were turned over to Captain Whittlesey, corps quartermaster, by order of Brigadier-General Williams, commanding corps; 10 shorts Whitney rifled muskets, saber bayonets, accouterments complete; 10 Whitney rifled muskets with bayonets, and accountermets; 5 barrels flour; 6 barrels beef; one-half barrel molasses; one-half barrel vinegar; one-half barrel rice; 6 bags coffee; 3 boxes bread; 1 box candles; 500 pounds bacon. The prisoners, expect the wounded officer who was left on board in care of the surgeon of the boat, consisting of 5 officers and 19 men, were turned over to Major W. Parks, provost-marshal of corps, by order of brigadier-General commanding corps. December 13 and 14, the entire time was occupied in collecting boats, reconnoitering the island, and securing the rice and such other property as could be found, to which the following is partial list: 5 large barge loads of rice in sheaf; 260 bushels threshed rice; 9 barrels sirup; 14 mules and 2 horses. The mules, horses, and shef rice were turned over to corps quartermaster and the balance of the stores were used in subsisting the negroes,

