
and otherwise disposed of by the corps quartermaster. In addition to the above, about 2,000 bushels of rice was threshed and left in the mill on the island. December 15, in compliance with previous orders from brigadier-General commanding corps, I crossed vive companies of my regiment to the South Carolina shore, driving the enemy from the plantation known as Izard's, and made a reconnaissance in the country for about two miles, gaining much valuable information respecting the country and roads. After a stay of about one hour the enemy made their appearance in my front in strong force. Being entirely isolated from the balance of the army, with limited means of transportation, I deemed it prudent to withdraw my small force and return to the island. This I accomplished successfully, although vigorously pressed by the enemy. I immediately reported to the brigadier-General commanding corps, and applied for a force sufficient to enable me to recross to the South Carolina shore in safety, and to occupy the plantation, if through necessary or desirable. The Second Massachusetts Infantry was sent me, but before I could effect a recrossing the boats were ordered to the Georgia shore to transport your entire brigade to the island and South Carolina shore. The arrival of the balance of the brigade with the colonel commanding relieved me of the command and responsibility of the expedition. December 19, I recrossed my regimen with the balance of the brigade, under the orders of the colonel commanding, to the south Carolina shore and occupied my original position. December 20, skirmished all day with the enemy. December 21, the brigade recrossed to the island, my regiment guarding the rear; the enemy pressed my regiment hard at times, but we finally succeeded in gaining the island, late at night, without loss. December 22, crossed from the island to the main Georgia shore, marched seven miles, and went into camp in my present position.

My casualties in this expedition were 1 man killed and 3 wounded. The total number of casualties during the campaign are as follows: Killed, 1 man; wounded, 1 officer and 3 men.

I beg leave to report, in conclusion, that so excellent have been the arrangements adopted by the colonel commanding brigade for foraging, and so ample the facilities given the men while on the road to gather potatoes, turnips, and other vegetables at the resting places, that I have experienced no difficulty during the entire march in subsisting my men and animals on the country, obtaining all that was needed, excepting coffee and sugar.

I beg leave also to report that on the march twelve bales of cotton were discovered, which had been secreted in the woods, and were burned by my orders.

Respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM HAWLEY,

Colonel Third Regiment Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

Captain J. R. LINDSAY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. rigadier, 1st Div., 20th Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD WISCONSIN VETERAN VOLUNTEER INFTY.,Near Savannah, Ga., December 12, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of my command, resulting in the capture of the C. S. steamer Resolute:

At 7. 30 o'clock this morning I received information that two rebel gun-boats, with their tender, the Resolute, wee steaming down the

