
river. I had previously crossed over to the island with four companies of my command, and immediately on hearing the firing between the boats and the battery on shore, deployed two companies for the purpose of intercepting the boats and picking off the gunners. Before we reached the bank, however, the gun-boats had made their escape. On reaching the bank I found the Resolute aground on the island and in a disabled condition, caused by coming in contact with the gun-boats, both of which struck her while changing position. The captain of the Resolute was making every effort to escape with the small boats, and would have succeeded had we been fifteen minutes later. I called out for them to surrender, when the captain surrendered the boat and all on board as prisoners of war. I put the two companies on board, and used every means to bring her to the landing. On making an examination of the boat I found the she had received two shots from Battery I, First New York Artillery, resulting in no material injury, one having passed through the wheel-house and the other through the mess room. I also found a quantity of stores and small-arms, an inventory of which will be forwarded with this report. I examined the baggage belonging to the prisoners, and allowed them to retain all that was of a private nature. The executive officer of the boat was wounded by my command before the surrender, and was left in charge of the surgeon on board.

On receiving your order I turned over the boat, with all its stores, to Captain Whittlesey, assistant quartermaster Twentieth Army Corps, and the prisoners, consisting of 5 officers and 19 men, to Major W. Parks, provost-marshal Twentieth Army Corps.

Inventory of stores and arms captured on board the C. S. steamer Resolute December 12, 1864, by Colonel William Hawley, commanding Third Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry: 5 barrels flour, 6 barrels beef, half a barrel molasses, half a barrel vinegar, half a barrel rice, 6 bags coffee, 3 boxes bread, 1 box candles, 500 pounds bacon, 10 short Whitney rifled muskets, with saber bayonets and accouterments complete, and 10 Whitney rifled muskets, with bayonets and accouterments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM HAWLEY,

Colonel Third Regiment Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 91. Report of Colonel James S. Robinson, Eighty-second Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade. HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TWENTIETH CORPS, Near Savannah, Ga., December 28, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: *

On the 15th [November], at 7 a. m., my brigade filed out of its encampments and made its final exit from the city of Atlanta. Behind us all means of communication and supply had been utterly destroyed, and the town itself was a blazing ruin, abandoned alike by citizens and

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations about Atlanta, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 659.

---------------

