
soldiers to the harsh a fortunes of war. Before us lay a vast stretch of country, containing no organized army, yet thoroughly infested with enemies clear to its natural boundary, the ocean. There was nothing left for us to rely upon but ourselves, our leader, and the God of battles. Moving out on the Decatur road, my brigade passed the village of Decatur at 2 p. m. Our first day's march terminated near Stone Mountain, about fifteen miles from Atlanta. Early on the morning of the 16th I was directed by General Jackson, commanding division, to take my brigade and commence destroying the Georgia railroad at a point about half a mile beyond my encampment. Extending my brigade along the track, I succeeded in thoroughly destroying about two miles of it by 10 a. m. After this was accomplished, having been assigned as rear guard of the corps, my command awaited the passage of the troops and trains. This was not completed until 5 p. m., at which hour my brigade marched from Stone Mountain. My column crossed Stone Mountain Creek at 10 and Yellow River at 11. 30 p. m. It encamped on the left bank of Yellow River, near Rock Bridge Post-Office, about midnight, having marched about seven miles. My brigade, still the rear guard of the corps, marched from its camp near Rock Bridge at noon on the 17th. It crossed No Business Creek at 1, Big Haynes Creek at 5, and Little Haynes Creek, at Summers' Mills, at 7 p. m. My column was greatly detained by the trains, which moved very slowly, owing to the heavy loads carried in the wagons and the difficult places in the road. My command did not get into camp until one hour after midnight, when it reached a point near Flat Creek. The distance marched on this day was about thirteen miles. My brigade marched, following the Second Brigade of the First Division, and charged with the protection of about 100 wagons, at 8 a. m. on the 18th; it passed Alcovy Mountain at 11, and crossed Alcovy or Ulcofaulhachee River at 11. 30 a. m. At 1. 30 p. m. it reached Social Circle, on the Georgia railroad. Here it emerged into a fine, level, open country with a good road which enabled us to move along briskly. At 8 p. m. my command passed through Rutledge Station, and at 10 p. m. encamped five miles west of Madison.

My brigade marched at 7. 45 a. m. on the ensuing morning, November 19, leading the division and corps, and unencumbered with wagons. At 10 a. m. it passed through the village of Madison and marched in a southward course on the Eatonton road. At 12 m. it encamped three miles south of Madison. The aggregate distance marched on this and the preceding day was about twenty-five miles. On the 20th my command resumed its march at 7. 15 a. m. It moved in rear of the division and was charged with the protection of about 300 wagons, including the pontoon and a large portion of the Second Division train. Considerable rain had fallen, which rendered the road heavy and retarded the movement of the column. It crossed Sugar Creek at 11. 30 a. m., and Clark's Fork at 1 p. m. The country now being traversed was quite fertile, and afforded an abundance of all kinds of supplies. A considerable number of fine horses and mules were also brought in. By this means the transportation of my brigade was greatly improved. At 7 p. m. my command reached a point about four miles and a half from Eatonton and encamped. The distance marched this day was about twelve miles. On the 21st the morning dawned dark and lowering, with occasional gusts of rain. My brigade was again assigned to duty as rear guard of the corps. A battery of artillery accompanied my command, which was unencumbered with wagons. Our march commenced at 11 a. m. At 1 p. m., the column being temporarily delayed by the breaking of a tongue in an artillery carriage, the rebel cavalry appeared in our rear and made

