
were placed in its change, but it was otherwise unencumbered. My column crossed Great Coat Creek at 12. 30, and arrived at Bethany at 1. 30 p. m. At 3. 30 p. m. it crossed Boggy Girt Creek, and at night-fall encamped two miles and a half from the Ogeechee River. By direction of the general commanding division, I sent forward a regiment (the Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers) with orders to proceed as far as the Ogeechee, and there encamp for the night, picketing well the bank of the river. On the morning of the 30th the regiment sent forward to the river was withdrawn and rejoined the brigade, which marched up the right bank at 8. 30 a. m. At 1 p. m. the column crossed Mill Creek and halted for dinner on Blake's plantation. At 4. 30 p. m. my command crossed the Ogeechee River, at a point two miles below Louisville. The bridge here had been ineffectually destroyed by the enemy, and was repaired by my pioneer corps. My brigade pushed forward and encamped two miles beyond the river at nightfall. It marched on this day about fifteen miles.

On the morning of December 1 the march was resumed in the direction of Birdville. My brigade moved in the center of the division and in charge of the division train. However, it did not leave its encampment near Louisville until train. However, it did not leave its encampment near Louisville until noon. During the afternoon it crossed Big, Dry, Spring, and Bark Camp Creeks, all small, swampy streams of clear water. The march was very much retarded by the boggy places in the road. My command did not get into camp until half an hour after midnight, when it reached a point about four miles from Birdville, having marched thirteen miles. On the 2nd my brigade resumed its march at 9. 45 a. m., leading its division and following the Second Division, which was in advance. At noon it reached Birdville, and at 8 p. m. crossed Buck Head Creek at Buck Head Church, and there encamped. The distance marched on this day was about fifteen miles. Shortly after passing Birdville, having received reliable information that a planter named Bullard, living in that neighborhood, had made himself conspicuous for his zeal in recapturing and securing prisoners from our army escaped from the rebel authorities, I dispatched an officer with authority to destroy his outbuildings and cotton. He accordingly sorn cribs, cotton gin, cotton presses, and a warehouse containing $50,000 worth of cotton. These were all consumed, and the owner admonished that a repetition of his offense would bring a similar fate upon his dwelling at the next visitation of our army. On the 3rd my brigade marched at 7 a. m. on the Sylvania road; my command occupied the center of the division, and was unencumbered with wagons. My brigade crossed the Augusta branch of the Central railroad at noon. The Michigan Engineers having been charged with the destruction of this road, my command pressed forward and encamped near Horse Creek at 4. 45 p. m. The distance marched on this day was about fifteen miles. On the 4th my brigade, having in charge the entire division train, the pontoon trains, the corps supply train, and the artillery ammunition train, marched at 9 a. m. The column crossed a number of small, swampy streams, and passed through a sterile, sandy country, bountiful timbered with groves of pine. At 12. 30 p. m. it crossed Little Horse Creek, and at 5 p. m. Little Ogeechee Creek. At 6 p. m. my troops encamped one mile beyond the Little Ogeechee, having marched thirteen miles. On the 5th the First Division, which had previously been in advance, dropped to the rear, allowing the other two divisions to go ahead; this consumed most of the day. My brigade marched at 5 p. m. ; the road was very sloughy, greatly detaining the trains. The column advanced only about three miles and a half, when it encamped at 10. 30 p. m.

