
unprepared to meet Colonel West's forces, upon whom he opened fire at their first appearance. The fire was returned with a good will, but only three volleys were needed to complete the overthrow and effect the precipitate retreat of the enemy. Colonel West now cautiously advanced his line, fearing an ambush. He soon discovered that the rebel forces were all gone, and quietly occupied two fine redoubts, containing eighty abandoned knapsacks, well packed with clothing, &amp;c. The remainder of my brigade, except the Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, which had been sent to the support of Colonel West, now crossed the swamp by the main road, and the whole encamped near the rebel redoubts. This little affair, in my judgment, reflects great credit upon those concerned in it, and I take this occasion to express my appreciation of the skill and promptitude with which Colonel West handled his troops. I regret to say, however, that this affair cost us one man killed and four wounded.

My brigade marched again at 7 a. m. on the 10th, in the center of the division, the Second Brigade leading. The road was excellent, and devoid of all obstructions. My brigade struck the Charleston and Savannah Railroad at Monteith Station at 10 a. m., and soon afterward commenced destroying the track. By 11. 30 a. m. half a mile of the track was thoroughly destroyed by the brigade, and the column resumed its march, now on the direct road to the city of Savannah. By 2. 30 p. m. my command reached the fifth mile-post from the city. About one mile in advance of this the enemy had already been encountered, strongly intrenched, with artillery in position. It was evident that this was the main line of the defenses of the city. My brigade immediately went into position on the left of the Second Brigade, which had already formed in the dense forest on the left of the road. My left flank joined the right of the First Brigade. Pickets covering the line were at once thrown forward, but no demonstration was made upon the enemy. My troops encamped in the position thus taken. On the 11th my command was thrown forward and to the left about 400 yards, and the troops again encamped in their position. At 11 p. m., by direction of the general commanding division, I detached the One hundred and first and Eighty-second Illinois and Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers, the whole under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Le Sage, of the One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers, and sent them to the rear, to be used in guarding the trains of the corps. On the 13th I was directed to move the remainder of my brigade to the rear, to cover the approaches to the trains. At 3 p. m. my entire command was posted, covering the different roads coming from the rear. My line was about three miles in extent, joining the pickets of the Twenty-second Wisconsin Volunteers on the right, near the Savannah River, and those of the Fourteenth Army Corps on the left. The One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers, was placed near the junction of the Tweed side, the Potter's plantation, and the Savannah roads. The Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers was placed about three-quarters of a mile farther to the right, on the Potter's plantation road. The One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers and Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers covered the Savannah road, near Cherokee Hill. The Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers covered the line of the Charleston and Savannah Railroad. The Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers was placed three-quarters of a mile south of Cherokee Hill, on a road leading in that direction. The positions thus chosen, excepting those of the two regiments first named, were covered by substantial breast-works. A section of artillery, which reported to me on the 14th, was posted on

