
the Savannah road and was covered by a redoubt. My brigade remained in the position just described without incident worthy of note until the 19th. On that date, by permission of the general commanding division, I sent out a foraging expedition, consisting of twelve companies of infantry; two from each regiment, and eight wagons. My instructions to Lieutenant-Colonel Le Sage, commanding the detachment, were to proceed about four miles north of Monteith Station, to obtain all the forage and supplies he could, and to develop the strength and position of a hostile force reported to be in that neighborhood. The party returned at 3 p. m. without having obtained either provisions or forage. It had encountered the enemy's outposts and driven them back to within one mile and a half of his main camp, capturing one prisoner. During the night of the 20th, according to direction, I detailed a regiment, the One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers, to cross to Argyle Island and there go into position, covering the flank of the Second Brigade, which had crossed to the South Carolina shore. On the morning of the 21st it was discovered that the enemy had evacuated the city and defenses of Savannah. The One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers therefore rejoined the brigade on the morning of the 22d. On the 23rd my command moved back toward the city and encamped on McAlpin's plantation, on the right bank of the Savannah River. The position assigned me was on the right of the Second Brigade and one mile above the city of Savannah. Here my troops erected comfortable quarters, in which they still remain.

During the extraordinary campaign which has terminated, my command marched over 350 miles, completely destroyed 9 miles of railroad track, burned a station-house, several water-tanks, and a large quantity of wood and railroad lumber; burned 12 cotton-gins and presses, and 250 bales of cotton; captured 5 serviceable horses, 42 serviceable mules, 460 head of cattle, 200 sheep, 500 hogs, 12 barrels of molasses, 1 barrel of whisky, 50,000 pounds of sweet potatoes, 10,800 pounds of rice, besides a vast quantity of flour, meal, bacon, poultry, and other promiscuous kinds of provisions. The quantity of forage captured it is difficult to estimate, but is safe to say that it amounted to not less than 130,000 pounds. Excepting the articles of bread, coffee, and sugar, my troops subsisted almost entirely from the country. The animals also were fed almost exclusively upon what was obtained from the same source.

I take pleasure in expressing my hearty commendation of the soldierly behavior of the officers and men of my command during this long and arduous campaign. The fatigues and privations of the march were borne with cheerfulness. The heavy labor of assisting trains, destroying railroads, building bridges, repairing roads, &amp;c., was performed with alacrity, and when the voice o danger summoned, every soldier sprang to his post with enthusiasm. The commanders of my regiments and the officers of my staff deserve and are tendered my sincere thanks for their ready co-operation in every laudable undertaking, and their earnest zeal in carrying out my orders. But the soldiers and officers of my command need no praise from me. Their own achievements are their highest encomium, and the united admiration of their countrymen their best reward. These are already theirs, and neither my pen nor voice can add anything to them.

In conclusion I have the honor to add the following list of the regiments composing my brigade and the officers commanding them during the campaign: Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel Francis H. West;

