
Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel David Thomson; One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Hezekiah Watkins; One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel John B. Le Sage; Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, Major F. H. Rolshausen; Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers, Captain John Garrett.

The officers of my staff were as follows: Captain A. E. Lee, acting assistant adjutant-General; Captain Benjamin Reynolds, acting assistant inspector-General; Captain F. S. Wallace, topographical engineer; Captain Charles Saalmann, acting commissary of subsistence; Captain W. T. George, acting assistant quartermaster; Surg. H. K. Spooner; surgeon-in-chief; Captain Cyrus Hearrick, acting aide-de-camp; Captain Myron H. Lamb, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Charles M. Lockwood, acting assistant provost-marshal.

The following casualties and losses occurred in my brigade during the campaign: One enlisted man killed in action, 4 deserted, 1 missing in action, 4 injured in destroying railroad, 2 captured while foraging, making an aggregate loss of 16 [12] enlisted men.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. ROBINSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant GEORGE ROBINSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

Numbers 92. Report of Major Ferdinand H. Rolshousen, Eighty-second Illinois Infantry, of operations September 4-December 23.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-SECOND Illinois VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the report of operations of my regiment since the entrance of Atlanta up to the present moment.

On the 4th of September, 1864, we did strike tents at the Chattahoochee River and entered Atlanta at 11 a. m., where we pitched camp on the north side of the city, at the old inner rebel works, where we stopped until September 12, when we were detailed to take charge of the military Confederate prisoners till October 4, 1864. During October 16, 17, 18, and 19 we were ordered to go on a foraging expedition in charge of Colonel Robinson. On the same we loaded all wagons taken along with corn and straw; also eatables, as sweet potatoes, pork, and beef. Another foraging expedition we participated in, under the command of Brigadier-General Geary, commanding Second Division, Twentieth Corps, on the 26th, 27th, 28th, and 29th, at which there was a similar result. We laid up till we received (by an order from General Sherman) marching orders.

It was on the morning of the 15th of November when we started on (as we know now) for Savannah. We encamped this night on the other side of Decatur, a little town on the Atlanta and Augusta railroad, where we arrived at 8 p. m. On the 16th we left at 8 a. m., and commenced to tear up and burn the railroad until 4 p. m. ; arrived in camp at 12 p. m. Marched November 17 and 18. On November 19 we passed Madison, and camped at 1 p. m. Marched 20th, 21st, and 22d, and arrived at Milledgeville, the capital of George, at 9 p. m. Laid up November 23, and marched November 24, 25, and 26, and destroyed

