
here Station Numbers 13 of the Augusta and Macon Railroad. November 27, marched to Davisborough, Station Numbers 12. November 28, marched and tore up railroad for ten miles, and camped at Station Numbers 11 November 29, marched and tore up two miles of railroad.

Marched from December 1 to 8, inclusive. On December 9 marched two miles, and had to reconnoiter the surrounding country and flank a small body of the enemy hovering around our front; arrived in camp at 6 p. m. On the 10th we struck the Savannah and Charleston Railroad, destroyed and burned it up near the bridge over the Savannah River, and encamped four miles and a half from Savannah. December 11, took position, but were withdrawn again at 10 o'clock that night to protect the trains from the rear. Remained here from December 12 to 22, inclusive. December 23, we left this camp and moved into Savannah, where we arrived at 1 p. m. and are now encamped on the west side of Savannah. Here I must remark, yet, that during the last campaign our foraging parties have supplied the regiment with a plentiness of sweet potatoes, poultry, fresh and salt pork, beef, forage, and other eatables for men and animals. We obtained about ten horses and sixteen mules, with which we completed our regimental teams and turned over the rest to the provost-marshal of the brigade. At the same time we picked up eleven negroes, which supplied the places of officers' servants and company cooks on the latter end of the campaign; so my command has never lived any better since in service as while this tramp was made. Cotton and cotton presses were also destroyed whenever found and an order from a superior officer was given.

Officers and enlisted men behaved themselves, and were as obedient to orders as usual.

F. H. ROLSHAUSEN,

Major, Commanding Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers.

Colonel JAMES S. ROBINSON,

Commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Corps.

Numbers 93. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John B. Le Sage, One hundred and first Illinois Infantry, of operations September 2-December 23.
HDQRS. 101ST Regiment Illinois VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Savannah, Ga., December 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the One hundred and first Regiment of Illinois Volunteers from the occupation of Atlanta by the U. S. forces to he capture of the city of Savannah:

From the 2nd of September, when Atlanta fell into the hands of the Union Army, until the 21st of September, the regiment which I have the honor to command remained quietly in camp. On the 21st it was detailed on duty in the fire department, and remained on that duty during the whole time that Atlanta was occupied by our forces.

On the 15th of October the regiment a went with the brigade on a foraging expedition to Flat Shoals, on which expedition the regiment was gone four days and loaded thirty-two wagons with forage. Again, on the 26th of October, the regiment went with the brigade on a foraging expedition to Berkshire Post-Office, remaining four days, and, in con-

