
junction with the Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers, loading sixty wagons with forage. During the remainder of the time until the commencement of the recent expedition the regiment remained quietly in camp.

On the morning of the 15th of November the regiment left the city of Atlanta, or rather what was left of the city of Atlanta, and started on the great raid through Georgia, and marched on that day to Stone Mountain, a distance of about fourteen miles. On the 16th, during the morning, it tore up and destroyed about half a mile of the railroad track on the Atlanta and Augusta road, and then marched to the Yellow River, about fifteen miles, reaching camp about 2 a. m. On the 17th we marched about fifteen miles, encamping in the country about 1 a. m. On the 18th we marched, passing through Social Circle about noon, and proceeding nearly to Madison, making in all about fifteen miles. On the 19th we marched through Madison and proceeded on the Eatonton road, making about ten miles. On the 20th we marched toward Eatonton about ten miles, reaching a point about four miles from Eatonton. On the 21st we marched through Eatonton and on toward Milledgeville, making about fifteen miles. on the 22nd we marched about eleven miles, to Milledgeville, and on the 23rd remained there. On the 24th marched toward Hebron, about fifteen miles. On the 25th the regiment was the leading regiment of the corps. We marched about four miles until we reached Buffalo Creek, where the series of bridges were found to have been destroyed. The regiment was engaged for awhile in repairing these bridges. About noon a party of rebel cavalry having been stirred up across the creek the right wing of the regiment was sent across to attend to them. About 2 o'clock, the bridges being completed, we crossed over, where one of the companies rejoined us, and the other four were left to guard the crossing until the Second Division of the corps should come over. With six companies we marched ahead about two miles farther, when a brisk cavalry skid up in front, and a large number of "bummers' made a rapid retreat from the front. The regiment was promptly formed in line of battle to the right of the rod, and then advanced about 200 yards, when we were ordered to encamp for the night. On the 26th we marched toward Sandersville. After proceeding about two miles the regiment was sent to the right about half a mile, to dislodge some guerrillas, which we did; and we also destroyed a gin and about 100 bales of cotton, after which we rejoined the column and marched to Sandersville, and thence to Power's, on the Macon and Savannah Railroad, where we encamped for the night, having marched about twelve miles. on the 27th we marched to Davisborough, a distance of about twenty miles, having to make a detour to avoid a swamp. On the 28th we marched along the railroad to Spiers, tearing up the track to within three miles of that place. I am unable to state how much the regiment tore up during the day, but should say that of eleven regiments engaged in the destruction of seven miles it did its full proportion. On the 29th we went back about three miles and finished the destruction of the railroad to Spiers, doing about one-sixth of the destruction. We then marched in the direction of Louisville, about twelve miles. On the 30th we marched to where the Third Division was in camp, about two miles and a half east of Louisville on the eastern side of the Ogeechee River, having made a march of about eighteen miles.

On the 1st of December we marched in the direction of Millen, about fifteen miles, reaching camp about 1 a. m. On the 2nd we marched about fifteen miles to Buck Head Church. On the 3rd we marched about fifteen

