
miles, passing about three miles north of Millen, and marching in the direction of Sylvania. On the 4th we marched about twelve miles. on the 5th marched two miles and a half and went into camp about 11 p. m. On the 6th marched about eight or ten miles toward Springfield. On the 7th seven companies were detached to go back after forage, with-wagons, which they loaded, and rejoined the regiment that night, which had marched about ten miles toward Springfield. On the 8th we marched to Springfield, four miles, and from there toward Monteith, about twelve miles. On the 9th we marched toward Monteith Station, on the Savannah and Charleston Railroad. About 2 p. m. we reached a swamp where the rebels had obstructed the road with felled timber, and commanded the road with artillery placed in a couple of redoubts on the other side. The Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers and Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers of our brigade were sent to the left to wade the swamp and flank the rebel position. This they did splendidly. At the first fire, which they opened, the rest of the brigade rushed forward to their assistance, but they had completed the task and held the forts, the rebels, unfortunately, making good their retreat. We camped for the night around the forts, having marched about eight miles. On the 10th we marched to Monteith Station, where we tore up the railroad, completely destroying about wince the length of the regiment, and then marched to where the rebel line of works around the city of Savannah confronted us-a distance of about nine miles. Here we went into position. Late in the evening the regiment was sent out to hold a road, while the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers proceeded to the river on a reconnaissance. On the 11th we changed position, moving farther to the left. About 9 p. m. I was ordered, with my own regiment and the Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers and Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers, to proceed to the rear of the train, and guard the train, against which the rebel cavalry under Wheeler were said to be demonstrating. I reached the point designated about 1 a. m. and went into position. I reached the point designated about 1 a. m. and went into position. We remained here until the 13th, when the rest of the brigade came out, and, with a slight change of position, we went into camp, building a strong line of breast-works. Here we remained until the 23d, when we moved to our present position.

As to the number of horses, mules, and cattle captured by the regiment, I have no very correct idea. We captured no horses, probably three or four mules, and as to cattle, I have no idea. We foraged a great deal of beef. We captured and turned into the brigade commissary about twenty head of cattle, and in addition to that I should estimate the number of cattle foraged by the regiment for their own use at about fifty head; but it is mere guesswork. We captured large numbers of hogs, sheep, and various kinds of poultry. We lived almost wholly upon what we foraged, excepting sugar and coffee and occasional issues of hard bread. We lived wholly upon the country and, with but one or two days' exception, fared, I might say, for soldiers, sumptuously. As to forage, our horses were subsisted wholly from what we gathered on the march, and they have grown fat from it, for they had all they could eat. As to negroes, I should place the number picked up by the regiment at about forty.

In conclusion, I would state that so far as the regiment is concerned the whole expedition was a splendid affair. I feel glad to say that I have not lost a man, killed or captured, and only three wounded by the accidental falling of railroad iron upon them while engaged in tearing up the track-one of them seriously, the others only slightly. And I

