
would take this occasion to return my thanks to all, both officers and men, for their ready obedience to my orders and for their good, soldierly conduct on the whole march.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. LE SAGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 101st Regiment Illinois Volunteers. .

Captain A. E. LEE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. Ge., 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 94. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hezekiah Watkins, One hundred and forty-third New York Infantry. HDQRS. 143rd REGIMENT NEW YORK VOL. INFANTRY, Near Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

On the morning of November 15 the regiment broke camp and started on the campaign just ended. The effective force at this time was 19 commissioned officers and 244 muskets, also 14 unarmed recruits for whom arms could not be procured previous to starting. The effective force at present, 19 commissioned officers and 243 muskets. One enlisted man supposed to be captured while out with a foraging detail.

The number of animals captured is as follows: 11 horses, 12 mules, and about 100 cattle. There were also about 25 negroes picked up on the march.

During the time from starting from Atlanta, November 15 to December 21, there were issued to the command of Government rations, viz, 13 days' hard bread, 20 days' coffee, 15 days' sugar, 26 days' salt. There was also issued 1,000 pounds of grain for the animals, the remainder needed by the regiment being foraged from the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. WATKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. E. LEE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 95. Report of Captain John Garrett, Sixty-first Ohio Infantry, of operations September 4-December 22.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FIRST OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Sixty-first Ohio Volunteers from the occupation of Atlanta to the capture of Savannah by the National forces:

Entered Atlanta September 4 and occupied the intrenchments of the enemy.

On October 6 was assigned to a position on Peach Tree Creek road. During our stay at this place accompanied two foraging expeditions,

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations about Atlanta, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, 661.

---------------

