
the first, under command of Colonel Robinson, to Flat Rock, Ga., and the second, under command of Brigadier-General Geary, to Stone Mountain, the object being to procure subsistence for the men and animals of the corps.

Started on the recent campaign November 15, following the line of the Augusta railroad as far as Madison, where we turned southward and struck the Milledgeville railroad at Eatonton, and entered Milledgeville November 22. Resumed the march November 24, and on the 26th struck the Georgia Central Railroad and destroyed a portion of the track near Station Numbers 13. November 27, moved eastward along the line of the Georgia Central Railroad, and on the 28th assisted in destroying the track and bridges between Davisborough and Spiers Station. Resumed the march on the 29th, and on the 30th crossed the Ogeechee River.

No incident of importance transpired till December 9, when I was ordered to assist Colonel West, Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers, to capture two small forts of the enemy, erected to command the road at a point where it passed through a dense swamp fourteen miles from Savannah. We penetrated the swamp to the left of the road, and when within 100 yards of the enemy they opened upon us with musketry. A charge was ordered, and we pushed forward over a formidable abatis and entered one of the forts, and at the same moment the colors of the Thirty-first Wisconsin were planted upon the other; the enemy escaped with his artillery. I had one man severely wounded in the engagement. December 10, advanced and took position before Savannah. December 11, moved to the rear and took position near the railroad, seven miles from Savannah, for the protection of the wagon trains, where we remained until the capture of the city.

During the campaign my command captured 10 horses and 30 mules, and drew forage from the country equal to twenty days' subsistence. A large quantity of cotton was destroyed, but as much of it was not in bales it is impossible to state the exact amount.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GARRETT,

Captain, Commanding Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

Captain A. E. LEE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. Ge., 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 96. Report of Lieutenant Colonel David Thomson, Eighty-second Ohio Infantry. HDQRS. EIGHTY-SECOND Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFTY., Near Savannah, Ga., December 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

On the 15th day of November the regiment left it camp in Atlanta and entered upon the campaign which ended with the capture and occupation of Savannah by our forces. During the campaign the troops were principally subsisted off the country through which we passed. On the 16th we reached and commenced destroying the railroad near Stone Mountain. My regiment here destroying about two miles

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations about Atlanta, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 662.

---------------

