
My command also captured 30 negroes and destroyed in all six miles of railroad and 150 bales of cotton and burned two cotton gins.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

D. THOMSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. E. LEE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 97. Report of Colonel Francis H. West, Thirty-first Wisconsin Infantry. HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FIRST WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS, Savannah, Ga., December 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of operations of this regiment from the time of the occupation of Atlanta to this date:

During the occupation of Atlanta nothing of especial interest occurred in the regiment. It was engaged in the ordinary guard duty and in drilling and preparing for a new campaign, and also furnishing heavy details to work on fortifications. It twice during the time accompanied foraging expeditions to the vicinity of Stone Mountain and Yellow River; once, under command of Colonel Robinson, commanding Third Brigade, and once, under command of General Geary, commanding Second Division, Twentieth Corps. On each of these occasions some 800 wagon-loads of forage were obtained.

Of the campaign from Atlanta to Savannah the history of the regiment is so inseparably connected with that of the brigade to which it belongs, that it is difficult to make a special report of its operations. Leaving Atlanta at 7 a. m. November 15, with-effective enlisted men and-officers, our march was continuous, triumphant, and almost uninterrupted, through the rich and well-settled districts of Georgia, by the way of Decatur, Social Circle, Madison, Milledgeville, Eatonton, Sandersville, Millen, Louisville, and Springfield, to within five miles of Savannah, where we arrived on the 10th instant, followed by a large number of negroes, which had been gradually accumulating as we advanced through the country, but as none of them were especial followers of my regiment, I cannot claim to have brought in any certain number. It was noticeable that they were all very much delighted at the approach of the army, although but few of them had ever seen a "Yank" before. There was much appearance of wealth among nearly all the inhabitants living on the line of our march and we found great abundance of corn, beef, mutton, sweet potatoes, poultry, molasses, and honey along the whole route, upon which the regiment subsisted entirely, with the exception of about ten days' rations of hard bread and full rations of sugar, coffee, and salt, which were issued immediately previous to and during the march. We also captured 10 very large, fine mules and about 30 inferior mules and horses, which were used in packing supplies, and were subsisted, as were our private and public animals, from forage we obtained from the inhabitants. During the march we, in company with the balance of the brigade, assisted in destroying a large amount of the Georgia Central Railroad in the vicinity of Stone Mountain, Spiers Station, and Jonesborough, and also of the Charleston railroad at and near Monteith. The amount destroyed by my regiment I am unable to give.

