
Great attempts were made by the enemy to impede our progress by destroying bridges, felling timber in the road, &amp;c., but this caused but little delay, as our efficient pioneer corps soon cleared away all obstructions and rebuilt the bridges. We met with no resistance in force until we arrived at Turkey Roost (or Monteith) Swamp, fifteen miles from Savannah. This is an almost impe many miles in extent, densely covered with brush and vines, interspersed with deep sloughs. Across this the road has been built. On a little elevation on the opposite side, at a place known as Harrison's field, and immediately commanding the road across the morass, which is about 500 yards wide, and which had been very heavily obstructed, the enemy had built two strong redoubts, which were defended by artillery and about 500 infantry, with which they resolutely disputed our farther progress. The First and Second Brigades of our division had been sent around to the right (which seemed the most feasible way of crossing the morass), with instructions if possible to flank the enemy and dislodge or capture them. Finding that they were not likely to be immediately successful, I was directed by Colonel Robinson, commanding brigade, to take my regiment, numbering 500 present (the immediate command of which devolved upon Lieutenant-Colonel Rogers), and the Sixty-First Ohio, numbering about 100 men, under command of Captain Garrett, and make a similar attempt by way of the left. quickly moving around about half a mile to the left and on the border of the morass, the line was formed for attack by placing the Sixty-first Ohio on the right and the Thirty-first Wisconsin on the left, with instructions to dash through the swamp by the right of companies, coming into line the moment they emerged on the open ground in vicinity of the fort. This the men did with great spirit and determination, struggling through to within about 300 yards of the forts where an open swamp extended down to within fifty yards of the forts, the last fifty yards being heavily covered with abatis. Emerging into this opening they formed instantly under a heavy fire from the enemy, and, delivering a steady volley upon the enemy, they dashed upon the works with such impetuosity that the enemy, becoming panic-stricken, fled in great confusion, abandoning much of their camp and garrison equiPAGE and clothing. The colors of the Thirty-first Wisconsin were almost instantly flaying from the parapets of the fort. Shortly after the brigades that had gone to the right succeeded in passing the morass and camp up; also the balance of our brigade, which Colonel Robinson promptly sent to my support on hearing the firing. The loss of my regiment in this affair was 1 killed and 3 wounded. We escaped with so small a loss on account of the enemy firing too high. Loss of the enemy unknown-said to have been 14.

Through me the regiment, together with the Sixty-first Ohio, received the public thanks of Major-General Slocum, commanding Left Wing, Army of Georgia, General Williams, commanding Twentieth Army Corps, and of Colonel Robinson, commanding brigade, for the handsome manner in which they executed the affair.

As all in the command behaved equally well I can mention no names. I, however, here wish to make mention of the gallant conduct and efficient service rendered on this occasion by Captains Wallace and Hearrick, of Colonel Robinson's staff, who were detailed to assist me in the enterprise.

During the siege of Savannah, from the 10th to the 21st of December, at which time the enemy evacuated Savannah, the regiment was engaged in the ordinary siege duties, building works,

