
&amp;c., without any engagement with the enemy or casualties therefrom. On the 23rd we moved in and took position on the bank of the Savannah River about two miles above the city, and are now engaged in preparing for future operations. Since arriving near Savannah we have had but very limited supplies of rations of forage, and we are now suffering much for subsistence, the men receiving little else than small rations of rice, and our public and private animals almost nothing at all. It is probable that this is owing to the difficulty of landing supplies from the fleet.

The health and spirits of the men were never better than during the past campaign, the average daily number requiring medical attendance being about ten.

The casualties during the campaign were 1 man severely injured while destroying railroad, 1 killed, and 3 wounded by the enemy, and 3 captured while foraging, 2 of whom have since escaped and returned to the regiment. No sick were left on the road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. H. WEST,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. E. LEE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 20th Corps.

Numbers 98. Report of Brigadier General John W. Geary, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division. HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS, January 6, 1865.

COLONEL: *

November 15, in accordance with orders received on the previous night, my division, with the exception of one regiment, the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, broke camp at an early hour in the morning, and at 7 o'clock moved out upon the Decatur road, following the First Division. Shortly after passing beyond the old line of rebel works I was obliged to halt, on account of the detention of the troops and trains in my front, and several hours elapsed before the road was sufficiently clear to allow of my advance. Resuming the march I moved on, keeping well closed upon the rear of the First Division, and halting for dinner near Decatur. After passing through the village I took advantage of every field to move the head of my column parallel to the train of the preceding division. The head of my column went into camp near Stone Mountain about 11 p. m. The march during the day was continually delayed by halts and detentions, roads traveled were bad; the Weather was beautiful. The distance marched during the day was fifteen miles. November 16, I broke camp at 8 a. m. and moved out in advance of the corps. Crossed yellow River, at Rock Bridge, about 3 p. m., and went into camp three miles beyond, having marched during the day ten miles. The marching to-day was necessarily slow, owing to the bad character of the roads and bad condition of our animals. The country through which I passed

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations about Atlanta, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 667.

---------------

