
Second Division.

[November.]-During the month the division has marched from Cave Spring, Ga., via Vining's Station, Atlanta, Rough and Ready, McDonough, Indian Springs, Ocmulgee Mills, Hillsborough, Clinton, Larksville, Irwinton, Ball's Ferry, Irwin's Cross-Roads, and Summerville, Ga., and is still marching in a southeasterly direction toward the coast. The division has participated in all the skirmishes in which the corps we engaged. During the month the division has received some 800 recruits.

December 1. -Marched from Summerville, Ga., in a southeasterly direction.

December 9. -Crossed the Cannouchee River in the morning, struck the Gulf railroad near Eden, destroying between six and ten miles of the road.

December 10. -Recrossed the Cannouchee, and moved to a point near the junction of the Cannouchee and Ogeechee, and crossed in good order.

December 13. -In the morning crossed the Ogeechee at King's Bridge and took up our line of march for Fort McAllister; invested the fort at 3. 30 o'clock; stormed at 4. 30 o'clock. The flags of nine regiments were planted on the fort in ten minutes from that time the order to charge was given. Our loss was 4 commissioned officers and 20 men killed, and 7 commissioned officers and 103 men wounded. The enemy's loss was 14 killed, 21 wounded and 195 prisoners (unhurt), including 1 officer killed and 17 captured; total, 230. The fort contained 11 siege guns, 1 10-inch mortar, 12 field pieces, and 60 tons of ammunition, and a large amount of commissary stores and liquors.

December 14. -Went into camp on Middleton's plantation, near the fort.

December 17 to 21. -Made a thorough destruction of the Gulf railroad from the Ogeechee River to Walthourville, a distance of thirty miles.

December 21 to 31. -In camp near the fort. All the guns, ammunition, &amp;c., moved out.

The following is a repetition of losses, &c., since December 1: 4 commissioned officers killed, 7 wounded, and 2 captured; 20 enlisted men killed, 111 wounded, and 38 captured.

The division has killed and captured from the enemy 19 officers and 231 men; total, 250. Total number of miles marched during the month, 121.

First Brigade, Second Division.

November 1. -The brigade, with the division, corps, and army, marched from Cave Spring, Ga.

November 4. -Arrived at Smyrna Camp-Ground, where it remained until the 9th, assisting in the destruction of the railroad, receiving pay in the meantime.

November 16 [20?]-Arrived at Clinton, Ga., where a portion of the brigade was engaged with the enemy's cavalry and routed them; since which time it has been constantly on the move.

December 1. -Marched from Summerville, Ga.

