
was for the most part poor and undulating, and east of Yellow River the road crosses a number of swampy streams and steep ridges. November 17, moved from camp again at 5 o'clock, in advance of the corps. Encamped for the night on the west bank of the Ulcofauhachee River, having marched seventeen miles. The roads traveled were very good and the country traversed was fine. November 18, moved at 5 a. m., my division still in the advance. Crossed the Ulcofauhachee River, struck the Georgia railroad at Social Circle, east of which place we destroyed considerable of the track, and passed through Rutledge Station at noon, near which place we halted for dinner. At this place destroyed the depot, water-tank, and other railroad buildings, and tore up and burned the track. Encamped for the night within two miles of Madison, having marched eighteen miles. The roads from Social Circle to Madison were excellent, and the country was much superior to that previously passed through. Forage was abundant on every side, and during the day we made captures of horses and mules.

November 19, in accordance with orders from the general commanding the corps, my command was detached and moved at 5 a. m., unencumbered with wagons, leaving my whole train to be brought on with those of the other divisions. I passed through Madison before daylight, and moved along the road parallel to the Georgia railroad, halting for dinner at Buck Head Station, where I destroyed the water-tank, stationary engine, and all the railroad buildings. After marching one mile beyond the station I again halted and destroyed a portion of the railroad, also a large quantity of cord wood, and other railroad material. At Buck Head Station my advance exchanged shots with the enemy's scouts. I sent on a detachment in advance of the main body to drive these scouts and whatever there might be of the enemy's cavalry in the vicinity across the Oconee, and to burn the railroad bridge across the river; also another detachment several miles above to destroy a large mill and the ferry-boats across the Appalachee. Both of these parties were successful. The railroad bridge, which was a fine structure, about 400 yards long and 60 feet high from the water, and was approached by several hundred yards of trestle-work at each end, was thoroughly destroyed. At Blue Spring I halted and set my troops to work destroying railroad. Here at night encamped on the plantation of Colonel Lee Jordan, on which I found 280 bales of cotton and 50,000 bushels of corn stored for the rebel Government. All the cotton and most of the corn was destroyed. In addition to this my command destroyed elsewhere during the day 250 bales of cotton and several cotton gins and mills. I also destroyed in all to-day about five miles of railroad and a large quantity of railroad ties and string timbers.

November 20, moved at 7 a. m. ; the Weather rainy, the roads very deep and swampy. Leaving the railroad I moved toward the Oconee, which was reached two miles below the railroad bridge, and then moved down parallel to the river to Parks' Mill, which was burned. The bridge across the river at this place had been previously washed away, and ferry-boats were used at the crossing; these I destroyed. Some annoyance was experienced as we moved along the river-bank from squads of rebel cavalry on the opposite shore. They were, however, soon driven off. A small party sent out from my command crossed the river near the burnt bridge and went on foot seven miles to Greensborough, driving a small force of cavalry through the town and taking possession of it. After remaining in undisturbed possession of the town for several hours, and having convinced the inhabitants that the most of General Sherman's army was close by with designs upon

