
Augusta, this little party returned safely, recrossing the river in canoes. I learned the next day that the enemy were tearing up the Georgia railroad at Union Point, seven miles east of Greensborough, apparently being possessed with the idea that General Sherman's army was moving on Augusta and using the railroad as it came. From all I could learn, then and since, it is my opinion that my small command could, at that time, have penetrated to Augusta without serious opposition. Leaving Parks' Mill and having crossed Sugar Creek I came to Glade's Cross-Roads, where I took the one leading to the left. Moving one mile and a half on this road I again turned to the left, on a smaller one, and encamped at dark near the large tannery and shoe factory and store owned by James Denham, one of the most extensive establishments of the kind in the South. Most of the leather stock and goods had been carried off; a few boxes of shoes and leather were found hidden in a barn and were turned over to the quartermaster's department for issue. My skirmishers and foraging parties during this day's march spread through all the country between the Oconee and the route of march taken by the rest of the corps. A large number of splendid mules and beef-cattle and some horses were captured, and the troops lived well on the produce of the country. Distance to-day, ten miles.

November 21, a heavy rain fell all last night and continued throughout to-day, rendering the roads very deep and the streams much swollen. After entirely destroying Denham's tannery and factory, I moved at 8 a. m. on the road to Philadelphia Church, reaching which I took the Milledgeville road, crossed Crooked Creek, and encamped at the forks of the road, one leading to Dennis' Mill and station, the other to Waller's Ferry, at the mouth of Little River. A very heavy, cold rain fell all day, and marching was quite difficult. The country passed through was a rich one and supplies were abundant. Distance marched, eight miles. The rain ceased toward night and the air became very cold. Among our captures to-day was Colonel White, of the Thirty-seventh Tennessee Regiment. He had been in command of the post at Eatonton, and in attempting to escape from the other column of our troops fell into my hands.

November 22,, the Weather was extremely cold. Moved at 6 a. m., taking the road to Dennis Station, having previously ascertained that it would be impossible for my command to cross Little River below the crossing of the railroad, there being no bridge and the ferry-boats having been destroyed by the inhabitants. Crossed Rooly Creek at Dennis' Mill. The stream here was quite large, and over it I constructed a foot bridge for the infantry, fording it with horses, artillery, and ambulances. Burned the mill and a cotton gin and press in vicinity, destroying a large amount of grain and cotton. Moved on to the railroad, which I reached at Dennis Station, and where I found the rear of the train of the other divisions just passing. Moved on in rear of the train to Little River, where I received orders to advance immediately to Milledgeville. Accordingly crossed the river on the pontoon bridge, passing the trains with much difficulty, and reached Milledgeville at dark, the other divisions having already encamped. Having passed through the town I crossed the Oconee on the large bridge and went into camp on the left of the First Division, with my left resting near the river. Marched during the day twenty miles. Weather to-night intensely cold.

November 23, remained in camp. In the afternoon sent out my Third Brigade to the Gordon and Milledgeville Railroad, where it remained until dark, destroying track.

