
November 24, in accordance with orders, moved at 7 a. m., but, finding the road completely blockaded with trains, I did not get my column fairly in motion until 10 o'clock. Just before dark crossed Town Creek, the bridge over which was very bad, and went into camp near Gum Creek, the First Division being encamped about three-quarters of a mile in advance, the Third Division about the same distance in my rear. The road traveled, although rather hilly, was in the main good. Marched during the day fourteen miles.

November 25, moved at 6. 30 a. m., and marched about half a mile, when I came upon the trains preceding me not yet drawn out of park, and was obliged to halt until 9 o'clock, when I moved steadily forward until reaching Buffalo Creek, where I found the troops and trains of the First Division halted. This creek is an extensive, heavily timbered, swampy stream, being nearly half a mile wide where the road passes through it. The stream or swamp is here divided into eight channels, which are spanned by as many bridges, varying in length from 30 to 100 fee each. Between these earthen causeways are thrown up. These bridges had been destroyed by the enemy, and were reconstructed by 2 p. m., under the superintendence of Captain Poe, chief engineer on the staff of Major-General Sherman. By dark the road in my front was clear, and I crossed my command, encamping for the night one mile and a half east of the creek. The crossing in the extreme darkness of the night and through the swampy roads east of the creek was a very laborious one. During the night shots were exchanged between my pickets and some of Wheeler's cavalry. Distance marched, nine miles.

November 26, moved at 6 a. m. After marching about two miles came up with the trains preceding me, which had not yet left park. Here I parked my trains, being detained for two hours. Marching two miles farther, again found the trains in park, and the troops of the First Division skirmishing with Wheeler's cavalry and driving them through Sandersville. Moved on to Sandersville, where I parked my trains, and having left them under charge of Third Division, proceed to Tennille (Station Numbers 13 on the Central railroad). Upon reaching the railroad I moved eastward, destroying two miles of the road, and went into camp near a school-house four miles east of Tennille. One battalion of Michigan Engineers, under Major Yates, reported to me for duty, assisted in the destruction of the rails, and encamped with my troops at night. Distance marched, thirteen miles.

November 27, in accordance with orders, moved this morning at 7 o'clock, destroying the railroad for four miles, to a point indicated, where a road crosses the railroad seven miles from Station Numbers 13. From here, in pursuance of my orders, I marched to Davisborough by the most direct road, and there encamped about 9 p. m. Distance marched, twelve miles.

November 28, the work of destroying the railroad west of Davisborough from the point indicated above, which was assigned by orders to the First Division, had not been performed, that division having missed the route and reached Davisborough without striking the railroad. Early this morning I received orders to detach Jones' brigade to guard the headquarters trains to Station Numbers 11, and with my two other brigades and a battalion of Michigan Engineers to destroy the part of the road specified from Davisborough westward. My orders were executed, and the remaining five miles of road, with a number of bridges, trestle-work and water-tanks, were effectually destroyed. While my troops were engaged in this work they were

