
tations being comparatively few, and although these few bore marks of having been well cultivated, the sock and provisions had been mostly removed. The distance traveled was thirteen miles.

December 2, my division, still retaining the advance, moved at 6 a. m., and crossing Bark Camp Creek moved easterly in the direction of Buck Head Creek, which I reached about noon. The road traveled were excellent, following the course of a low dividing ridge. Passed buff few plantations; among these was that of Doctor Jones, about five miles west of Buck Head Creek, one of the finest in this part of Georgia. Upon approaching the creek I found a number of rail defenses, which had been erected a few days previous during a fight between the cavalry of Kilpatrick and Wheeler. The bridge was destroyed and the enemy's pickets fired upon us from the eastern bank. These were soon driven away by a regiment of my command, and the bridge was reconstructed by the Michigan Engineers. I crossed it with my advance at 3 p. m., and encamped on the east side of the creek in the vicinity of Buck Head Church.

December 3, my division having been assigned the rear of the corps did not leave camp until 11 a. m., when I moved, following closely the rear of the Third Division. Colonel Dustin's brigade, of that division, having been directed to report to me, was assigned the charge of the train of Kilpatrick's cavalry, which was given me to guard. Lieutenant Newkirk's battery was also under my orders, and was placed in rear of my Third Brigade, which followed the trains. About five miles north of Millen, and not far from the railroad, there is a prison-pen or stockade in which had until recently been confined some 3,000 of our soldiers. The stockade was about 800 feet square, and inclosed nearly fifteen acres. It was made of heavy pine logs, rising from twelve to fifteen fee above the ground; on the top of these logs, at intervals of some eighty yards were placed sentry boxes. Inside of the stockade, running parallel to it at a distance from it of thirty feet, was a fence of light scantling, supported on short, posts. This was the "dead line. " About one-third of the area, on the western side, was occupied with a crowd of irregular earthen huts, evidently made by the prisoners. In these were lying unburied three of our dead soldiers, who were buried by us. Through the eastern part of the pen ran a ravine with a stream of good water. The atmosphere in the inclosure was foul and fetid. A short distance outside the stockade was a long trench, at the head of which was a board, bearing the inscription, "650 buried here. " On rising ground a short distance southeast of the prison were two forts not yet completed; southwest of this stockade was a smaller one in process of construction. This prison, if indeed it can be designated as such, afforded convincing proofs that the worst accounts of the sufferings of our prisoners at Andersonville, at Americus, and Millen were by no means exaggerated. I crossed the railroad about three miles north of Millen. The track at the crossing had been destroyed, and the ties were burning, this work having been performed by the troops preceding. A short distance beyond the creek my column and trains became involved in a long and almost impassable swamp. To add to the difficulty night closed in before my advance had crossed, and it was with the utmost labor and only by the united efforts of myself, officers, and troops that I succeeded in bringing the wagons through. Encamped for the night within three miles of Big Horse Creek, the advance division of the corps being camped on the creek. The rear of my column did not reach camp until 6. 30 a. m. of the 4th. The distance marched during the day was ten miles.

