
December 4, moved at 7. 30 a. m., still in rear of the corps, and about noon came up with the Third Division trains in park on the western side of Crooked Run. The eastern side of this stream presents an extensive, level, swampy tract of land, across which trains could not pass until the roads were corduroyed. I found the Michigan Engineers engagedThe last of the Third Division train crossed at dark. I then crossed my command, and by 11. 30 p. m. had encamped them about one mile east of the creek, leaving Jones' brigade in camp on the other side. The Weather continued fine, country poor, roads good, excepting through the large swamps at Big House Creek and Crooked Run. Distance to-day, four miles.

December 5, moved at 6. 30 a. m. Crossed during the day Little Horse Creek, south fork of Little Ogeechee, and Little Ogeechee, destroying all the bridges after crossing. Much of the route to-day was through swamps, which had to be corduroyed for my trains. At the south fork of the Little Ogeechee I destroyed a large saw-mill. Here we heard what the inhabitants stated to be cannon in Charleston Harbor, about 100 miles distant. Weather pleasant; country poor. Distance to-day, twelve miles.

December 6, moved at 8 a. m., being the second division in line of march; was obliged to halt twice during the forenoon for the trains preceding to move out of my way. After having moved my command, advanced a mile and found all the trains of the Third Division parked and waiting for a long swamp to be conduroyed. I found but a few men working on the road, and immediately set a portion of my command at work, giving my personal superintendence until it was finished at dark. The Third Division trains then crossed, followed by my entire command. Crossed another smaller swamp a short distance beyond, and encamped my division on good, dry ground. The country was better than usual along the route to-day, and foraging parties were quite successful. Weather warm and pleasant. Distance, seven miles.

December 7, the forenoon was rainy. Moved at 7 a. m. and passed through a succession of terrible swamps, the surface crust of which in many places would not bear up either man or horse. I distributed my entire division along the trains, so that each brigade, regiment, and company had its specified number of teams to bring through. With this arrangement, under the personal superintendence and efforts of myself, my brigade commanders, and my staff, but little delay was allowed to occur, although so bad were the roads that at one time I counted twenty-four loaded wagons sunk to the wagon-beds. Mules in some places went in nearly out of sight. But the trains were kept quite well closed up through all these difficulties. Twice during the forenoon I halted and massed my troops and trains until those preceding me moved on. As we approached Turkey Creek the road improved. About 1 p. m. the rain ceased and the sun shone out warm and pleasant. At 2 p. m. reached Turkey Creek, quite a wide, fordable stream, with good bottom. Across this creek the corps pioneers had constructed a bridge for the troops, after cutting away a quantity of timber which had been felled to hinder our progress. By 5 p. m. the divisions preceding had finished crossing. I then crossed my command, moved three miles forward on an excellent road, and encamped within half a mile of Springfield. Distance, fifteen miles.

December 8, received orders to march in advance of the corps toward Monteith, leaving my trains under guard of the Third Division. Moved at 6 a. m. on a road running south by east from Springfield. After following this road six miles was ordered to

