
take a small road branching off to the right, with a view of finding some middle road to Monteith. Followed this road, General direction west by south, for seven miles, and encamped in the woods about one mile and a half from the Louisville road, on which the Seventeenth Corps was then moving. The looked-for middle road was not found to-day. The roads were generally fair, although we crossed several small swamps. In them we found timber felled across the road. This was removed by our prisoners, without delaying the march more than thirty minutes at any one time. Most of our route to-day was through pine forests. We passed a number of plantation houses in these forests, and quite a large supply of potatoes, sugar cane, fodder, mutton, and poultry was obtained. It is worthy of note that the swamp water through this region is excellent for drinking purposes, being much superior to the well water. Weather to-day pleasant. Distance, thirteen miles.

December 9, moved at 8. 30 a. m., following the First Division. At Zion Church we struck the Louisville road, and there turned to the left on the main road running due east to Monteith Station. At Monteith Swamp, five miles west of the station, we found the most extensive obstructions yet met with. The swamp is a very large one, about two miles wide where the road crosses it. Throughout this two miles of crossing the enemy had felled great quantities of timber, and at the eastern side of the swamp had erected two small redoubts with flanking rifle-pits. in these works they had two pieces of light artillery, supported by a small force of infantry. The artillery was so posted as to rake the road running through the swamp. While the division preceding me was engaged in movements for the dispersion or capture of the force opposing us, my command was halted and massed at the western side of the swamp. While the division preceding me was engaged in movements for the dispersion or capture of the force opposing us, my command was halted and massed at the western side of the swamp. Receiving orders to that effect, I sent Jones' brigade rapidly forward to support Carman's brigade, of the First Division, which was working its way through to our right of the enemy's position. The services of this brigade were afterward found not to be required. At dusk my command was encamped on good, dry ground between there two portions of Monteith Swamp. Weather to-day was fine; roads were excellent. Distance, six miles.

SIEGE OF SAVANNAH.

December 10, order of march in the corps to-day: First, Third, and Second Divisions, the Trains of the entire corps being guarded by my troops. My command moved at 10 a. m. on the direct road to Monteith Station. This road is broad, solid, and perfectly level. We passed the two redoubts captured last evening, and reached Monteith Station, on the Charleston railroad, ten miles from Savannah, at noon. Here the troops preceding me had destroyed considerable of the track. Having nooned, I moved toward Savannah on the Augusta road, the advance of the Fourteenth Corps coming in on that road and reaching Monteith as I left it. The advance of our corps having found the enemy behind their fortifications about three miles from Savannah, I received orders to encamp for the night near the Five-Mile Post. The trains came of ward and parked in the woods in the vicinity of the troops. Distance to-day, ten miles.

December 11, at 7 a. m. Barnum's brigade was sent to reconnoiter between the Augusta road and Savannah River, to ascertain exactly the enemy's position in that direction. The duty was quickly performed, and their entire line was developed to the river,

