
December 10. -Arrived in front of Savannah in the afternoon, in which position the brigade remained until the afternoon of the 12th, when we broke camp and marched to King's Bridge, on the Ogeechee River.

December 13. -Crossed the river and marched to Fort McAllister, Ga., arriving at 2 p. M. The brigade took an active part in the assault and capture of the fort, which was carried in gallant style at 5 p. M.

December 14. -Went into camp at White Hall, Ga., assisting in the destruction of the Gulf railroad during the balance of the month.

Third Division.

November 12. -Having concentrated at Cartersville and Allatoona, Ga., and the sick, surplus camp and garrison equiPAGE, baggage, &amp;c., having been sent to the rear, the division started for Atlanta, Ga., to rejoin the corps (Fifteenth), arriving at that place and encamping near White Hall on the 14th. At Atlanta the command was supplied with the necessary quartermaster's stores.

November 15. -The division started south from Atlanta, since which time it has marched via McDonough, Jackson (crossing Ocmulgee River at Seven Islands), Hillsborough, Clinton, and Gordon (at which time the command tore up four miles of railroad), Irwington (crossing the Oconee River about four miles below the railroad bridge, at Ball's Ferry), and Irwin's Cross-Roads; from thence moving on the extreme right to Summerville.

December 1. -The division started from Summerville and marched via Cannouchee, Statesborough, crossing the Ogeechee River at Jenks' Bridge; thence marching between the Little and Big Ogeechee Rivers to Bethel Church, on the Savannah Canal.

December 10. -The supply train was left in camp, and the division moved upon south side of canal to a point about fourmiles and a half from Savannah, at which point the enemy were met; skirmished with them during the 10th and 11th; evening of the 11th moved toward the right to Anderson's plantation.

December 12. -Marched to Miller's Station (Numbers 1.) on Gulf railroad, remaining at that place until the 21st, and then, the enemy having evacuated, the command moved into its present camp in the suburbs of the city.

During the campaign the command cut about ten miles of road through the woods, corduroyed over 5,000 yards of impassable roads, and destroyed 800 bales of cotton.

First Brigade, Third Division.

[November.]-Brigade continued to do garrison duty at Cartersville and Allatoona, Ga., up to the 12th, when we broke camp and marched for Atlanta, Ga.

November 14. -Arrived at Atlanta at 3 p. M.

November 15. -Left Atlanta at 9. 30; marched about fifteen miles.

November 16. -Marched to McDonough.

November 17. -Marched twenty-two miles, passing through Jackson.

November 18. -Marched two miles beyond Ocmulgee Mills, having crossed Ocmulgee River at this point.

Numbers 19. -Marched seventeen miles, passing Hillsborough.

November 20. -Encamped near Clinton.

