
industry and ability, and especially for his energy and faithfulness while laying out and superintending the erection of forts under the enemy's guns during the siege of Savannah.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 99. Report of Colonel Ario Pardee, Jr., One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade. HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TWENTIETH CORPS, Savannah, Ga., December 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

Tuesday, November 15, at 7 a. m. the camp of the brigade was vacated and the command marched to near Stone Mountain, Ga., and bivouacked for the night. The road taken was that leading through Decatur; distance marched, thirteen miles. Early on the morning of November 16 the march was resumed. The position of the brigade was the third in line, the division being in the advance, and having the trains of the division and the supply and headquarters teams of the corps and wing in charge, was distributed among the wagons, each regiment having a certain number to guard and assist in the passage of obstacles. Yellow River was crossed at Rock Bridge. From this place the road leading through Sheffield was taken, near which place we encamped for the night; distance marched, twelve miles. November 17, this day we marched through Sheffield and camped near Social Circle, a distance of about eighteen miles. November 18, marched at 5 a. m., the brigade being in advance, and passed through Social Circle and Rutledge. At the last-named place the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel John Flynn, was temporarily detached from the column to destroy the depot and warehouses belonging to the railroad company, as well as to tear up the track and bend and rails near these buildings, all of which was effectually accomplished. This night we camped near Madison, having marched about eighteen miles.

November 19, the command moved at 5 a. m. All the trains were left behind, with a sufficient guard of men unable to make a rapid march, to proceed with the remainder of the corps. We marched to Blue Spring, near the railroad bridge over the Oconee River, at which point a considerable distance of the railroad was destroyed by burning the ties and bending and twisting the rails; distance marched, fifteen miles. November 20, from Blue Spring we moved in a direction parallel to the Oconee River to Parks' Ferry, and from thence to Philadelphia Church. November 20 and 21, to near Dennis Station, at which point we struck the railroad leading from Milledgeville to Eatonton. From this point we marched (November 22) along the railroad to Little River, and from there to Milledgeville, through which we passed and went into camp on the east side of the Oconee River. November 23, the brigade remained in camp this day. November 24, the command moved at 7 a. m.

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations about Atlanta, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 670.

---------------

