
in a southeasterly direction, on the road leading to Hebron, and went into camp near Gum Creek for the night; distance marched, fourteen miles. November 25, we crossed Gum Creek at 7 a. m., and passed through Hebron, taking the road to Sandersville. On reaching Buffalo Creek Swamp the bridges were found to be destroyed. The construction of these detained the column until 5 p. m., when it went into camp on the east side of the creek. November 26, the brigade moved at daylight and marched to Sandersville, and from there to Tennille, a station on the Central railroad. Near this place we commenced tearing up the track and destroying it by burning the ties and bending, breaking, and twisting the rails; distance marched, fifteen miles. November 27, this day the brigade, in company with the balance of the division, were engaged in destroying the railroad. Two trestle bridges, each about seventy-five fee long, were burned, and the ties and rails for a mile and a half effectually destroyed. The camp for the night was at Davisborough. November 28, this day was spent in destroying the railroad between Davisborough and Tennille; two miles and a half of track and 500 feet of trestle-work were burned. November 29, marched from Davisborough to Spiers Station, and from thence parallel with the railroad to near New Bethel, making in all a distance of twenty-one miles. November 30, marched to near Louisville, ten miles.

December 1, marched at 7 a. m., taking the direct road to Millen, and camped for the night at Bark Camp Creek; distance marched, fourteen miles. December 2, the march was resumed at daylight, and was uninterrupted until Buck Head Creek was reached. The bridge over this place was partially destroyed, and a few of the enemy's cavalry were on the opposite side of the swamp. Major Wright, commanding Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, was ordered to cross the creek with his regiment and drive and keep away this force, which was accomplished without loss. The command encamped for the night near Buck Head Church; distance marched, eight miles. December 3, the troops of the brigade were to-day in rear of the wagon trains of the division, in which were included the trains of General Kilpatrick's cavalry command, and did not march from the camp of the preceding night until 1 p. m. The roads were in a horrible condition, passing as they did through numerous swamps and across many unbridged streams. The progress of the trains was exceedingly slow in consequence. The brigade reached the camp of the division, three miles and a half from Horse Creek, at 6. 30 a. m. December 4; distance marched, fourteen miles. December 4, marched at 9 a. m. ; during the day Horse Creek and Crooked Creek were crossed; distance marched, ten miles. December 5, the distance marched this day was fifteen miles. The roads, as had been the case for several days past, were over plains o a sandy soil, well timbered (pine), and crossed numerous small streams and marshes. The Little Ogeechee River was crossed this day. December 6, nothing of any special importance transpired to-day. December 7, owing to the exceedingly bad condition of the roads, the troops of the brigade were distributed along the train, and rendered material assistance in pushing them along. The camp for the night was near Springfield, and the distance marched about twelve miles. December 8, the command moved at daylight, crossing Jack's Creek, and passing through Springfield, in the direction of Monteith. December 9 and 10, these two days were occupied in marching to a point on the Augusta road, five miles from Savannah, Ga. December 11, at 9 a. m. the brigade marched to the bank of Savannah River, opposite

