
The pioneer corps, under command of Captain Hedges, rendered valuable service in the construction of bridges and the repair of roads, and especial thanks are due them for the part taken in the construction of the forts to which allusion has been made.

To the regimental commanders I tender my thanks for the strict obedience to orders, and the enforcement of the regulations prescribed in regard to the conduct of the march, and especially are they due to Major M. T. Wright, Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, who was seriously wounded while supervising the working parties on the forts, for the promptitude exhibited by him in the execution of all orders, and his strict attention to the duties incumbent on him throughout the entire campaign.

To Lieutenant A. H. W. Creight, acting assistant adjutant-General; to Captain J. W. Watkins, acting assistant inspector-General; to Surg. William R. Longshore, chief surgeon of brigade; and to Lieutenant C. W. Kellogg, acting aide-de-camp, my especial thanks are due for their devotion to their duty, and for the creditable manner in which their several departments were conducted.

Accompanying this please find the reports of the regimental commanders, to which your attention is respectfully called, as well as to the list of casualties, which is hereunto annexed. *

Respectfully submitted.

ARIO PARDEE, Jr.,

Colonel 147th Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. T. FORBES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 100. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert Kirkup, Fifth Ohio Infantry. HEADQUARTERS FIFTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the official report of operations of the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry from September 2, 1864, to December 21, 1864:

The regiment entered the city of Atlanta, Ga., on the 4th day of September, 1864, and went into camp. The months of September and October were occupied in building defenses around the city and doing garrison duty.

On the 9th day of November the regiment was ordered into the works to assist in repulsing an attack made by the enemy's cavalry. On the 13th day of November the regiment was ordered to report at brigade headquarters, and then marched out to assist in destroying the Atlanta and Chattanooga Railroad. On the 15th day of November the regiment broke camp and marched out on the road leading to Decatur, Ga. Nothing of importance took place until the 18th instant, when the regiment halted and stacked arms and assisted in destroying the railroad near Rutledge, Ga., and on the 19th, when near Parks' Ferry, went into camp and destroyed the railroad. On the 22nd we crossed the Oconee River and passed through Milledgeville, Ga., the capital of the State of Georgia, and camped outside the city, where we remained

---------------

*Nominal list (here omitted) shows 3 enlisted men killed; 1 commissioned officer and 8 enlisted men wounded.

---------------

