
until the 24th, when we again resumed the march, and entered Sandersville, Ga., on the 26th instant, and marched to Tennille Station, on Central railroad; there we assisted in destroying the railroad an camped for the night. On the 27th instant we continued the destruction of the road until 3 p. m., when we marched to Waynesborough and camped for the night. On the 28th instant we marched back toward Tennille and destroyed the railroad as we went, and then marched back to Waynesborough and camped for the night.

On the 1st of December we crossed the Ogeechee River, and continued our march without interruption until the 10th, when we arrived in camp near Savannah, Ga. On the 11th we moved into line, left in front, and near the Savannah River. At 3 p. m. we moved out and took position on a road leading to the Savannah River, where we remained, doing skirmish duty and erecting field-works, until the morning of the 21st, when we were ordered to fall in and moved into the city of Savannah, Ga., the enemy having evacuated. We were then put on guard over the ordnance and ordnance stores in park and arsenal which were left by the enemy, and an inventory taken.

Sir, respectfully submitted.

ROBERT KIRKUP,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 101. Report of Major Myron T. Wright, Twenty-ninth Ohio Infantry, of operations November 15-December 19.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFTY.,Savannah, Ga., December 28, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: *

15th [November], broke up camp at 6. 30; marched slowly; stopped at Decatur for dinner, then marched in the direction of Stone Mountain; reached the base of Stone Mountain at 11 p. m. and encamped for the night; Twenty-ninth in the rear of the First Brigade. 16, marched at 9 a. m. in between portions of the train; crossed Yellow River, and encamped for the night at 8 p. m. 17th, marched at 5 a. m. ; camped near Social Circle at 5 p. m. for the night. 18th, marched about nine miles in forenoon, stopping often to tear up the railroad track went into camp near Madison at 5 p. m. 19th, broke camp at 5 a. m. ; Twenty-ninth rear guard of division; marched until 4 p. m. and camped for the night near Parks' Mill. 20th, marched about seven miles; camped near Dunham's. 21st, marched at 6. 30 a. m. ; halted at 4. 30 p. m. for the night. 22d, moved at 7. 30 a. m. and arrived at Milledgeville, Ga., at 9 p. m., and camped about three miles south of town. 23d, remained in camp; Twenty-ninth went on picket at 4 p. m. 24th, moved at 7 a. m. ; Twenty-ninth (first battalion of First Brigade) marched fifteen miles and camped for the night. 25th, marched at 8 a. m. ; Twenty-ninth trains guard; arrived at Buffalo Creek; found the bridge destroyed; parked

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations about Atlanta, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 671.

---------------

