
the right about half a mile; went into position on a road perpendicular to the river, about four miles and a half from the city of Savannah, Ga. 12th, in line of the battle before Savannah; Twenty-ninth moved to the left in support of Third Brigade, which was to charge a fort in their front, but found a canal that they could not cross; they came back to their works; Twenty-ninth returned to our old position; nothing of interest occurred during the day. 13th, in line before Savannah; at 10 a. m. moved the Twenty-ninth to the rear about 300 yards; prepared timber for rifle-pits; at 4 p. m. took the four right companies on to the picket-line and placed them on duty; at 9 advanced the line 150 yards into an open field and put up pits. 14th, on skirmish line; considerable firing on both sides; Twenty-ninth pickets relieved by Fifth Ohio. 15th to 18th, nothing worthy of note transpired. 19th, received instructions to take charge of the fortifications in front of the First Brigade; commanded work at dark. While laying out a connection between Forts 2 and 3 I received a severe wound in my left foot. I then turned the command of the Twenty-ninth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry over to Captain Jonas Schoonover.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

MYRON T. WRIGHT,

Major Twenty-ninth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Second Div., Twentieth Corps.

Numbers 102. Report of Captain Jonas Schoonover, Twenty-ninth Ohio Infantry, of operations December 20-24. HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH Regiment OHIO VET VOL. INFTY., Savannah, Ga., December 28, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular from headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Corps, dated Savannah, Ga., December 23, 1864, I have the honor most respectfully to make the following report:

I took command of the Twenty-ninth Ohio in front of Savannah, Ga., December 20, 1864. Nothing worthy of note occurred during this day. At 4 a. m. of the 21st the Twenty-ninth, in advance of First Brigade, took up a line of march to the city of Savannah, and from there to Fort Jackson, Ga., where I reported to Colonel Flynn, of the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for duty, and performed garrison duty until December 24, when the Twenty-ninth was ordered to march at 9. 30 a. m., Twenty-ninth in rear of Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and marched to and through the city where we are now encamped.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JONAS SCHOONOVER,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-ninth Ohio Veteran VOL. Infantry.

First Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Second Div., Twentieth Corps.

19 R R-VOL XLIV

