
November 21. -Marched seven miles.

November 22. -Encamped at Gordon.

November 23 and 24. -Remained at Gordon.

November 25. -Marched to Irwinton; twelve miles.

November 26. -Marched eleven miles.

November 27. -Crossed Oconee River; encamped six miles beyond.

November 28 to 30. -Continued marching, and arrived at Summerville; no fighting; plenty to eat, and all in good spirits.

December 1. -Left bivouac near Summerville; marched toward Savannah.

December 9. -Crossed Ogeechee River near Edwin's [Eden?] Station and bivouacked at the Ogeechee Canal, fourteen miles from Savannah; met the enemy strongly intrenched and skirmished until dark.

December 11. -Ordered around to the right; went into camp near Station Numbers 1, Gulf railroad, on the 12th, where command remained until the 21st, when it moved into Savannah and encamped on the outskirts of the city.

Distance marched during the month, 110 miles. The general health of the command has been excellent throughout the month.

Second Brigade, Third Division.

November 2. -Pursuant to orders from Brigadier General John E. Smith, the Tenth Iowa and Twenty-sixth Missouri, stationed at and near Kingston, Ga., on the Atlantic and Western Railroad, marched for Cartersville, headquarters of the division, arriving there on the 3rd.

November 7. -The Fifty-sixth Illinois, Eightieth Ohio, and Battalion Tenth Missouri, marched from Resaca en route for Cartersville, arriving there on the 8th.

November 12. -The entire command, under Bvt. Brigadier General Green B. Raum, marched for Atlanta, via Allatoona, Acworth, and Marietta.

November 14. -Arrived at Atlanta.

November 15. -The command, after being supplied with quartermaster's stores, started south on campaign, since which time the march has been continued without anything of importance occurring.

December 1. -Marched from Summerville, ga., at 9 a. M.

December 7. -Encamped near Big Ogeechee River.

December 9. -Crossed Ogeechee and entered first line of rebel defenses; encamped near canal.

December 10. -Marched down south bank of canal; came upon the enemy about five miles from Savannah; found them posted behind an impassable swamp; drove their skirmishers from swamp, and fortified during the night.

December 11. -Moved out from works and marched about two miles to the right; during the night marched still farther to the right and went into bivouac.

December 12. -Marched to near Miller's Station, on Gulf railroad, crossing road, and took up a new position.

December 13. -Demonstrated while the Second Division assaulted Fort McAllister.

December 21. -Enemy evacuated Savannah last night and we marched inside rebel works and went into camp on the south side of city.

December 23. -Changed camp.

December 24. -Army corps reviewed by General Sherman.

