
Numbers 103. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Eugene Powell, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry, of operations September 4-December 21.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFANTRY,Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular from headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the campaign ending on the 21st instant:

This regiment broke camp on the 4th of September, 1864, on the Chattahoochee River, and moved to the city of Atlanta same day and went into camp in the enemy's outer line of works, with right resting near Marietta railroad. The 5th of September received orders to report to Colonel Beckwith, commissary of subsistence, Military Division of the Mississippi, for duty as supply guard, where we remained until the morning of the 15th of November, 1864, when, with the First Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, we started on the campaign just ended. Nothing transpired of note during the campaign until the 11th of December, 1864, when we reached the enemy's line of works, three miles and a half northeast of the city. Here we went into line, this regiment on the right of brigade. Have no casualties to report until the night of 19th, when I had 3 men killed and 3 wounded. We remained in line until the 21st, when we entered the city and are now encamped in Chippewa Square.

Casualties: Killed-Privates S. G. Johnson, Company A; Joseph Powell, Company B; John H. Atkinson, Company D. Wounded-Corpl. E. Kyle and Private I. Wood, Company E, and Private S. Keltner, Company I.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EUGENE POWELL,

Lieutenant Colonel Sixty-sixth Ohio Vet. VOL. Infty., Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 104. Report of Colonel John Flynn, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations September 2-December 21.
HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOL. INFTY.,Savannah, Ga., December 28, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular dated headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, December 23, 1864, I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by the Twenty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Infantry in the campaign which closed on the 21st instant by the occupation of the city of Savannah, Ga. ;

This campaign is, throughout its entire extent, void of interest to the soldier, as we had such unparalleled success that a great part of the army has not had occasion to form for battle; few bloody fields have

