
been lost or won; no sieges have been commenced and ended, as the enemy has not in one instance made a stand of sufficient length to require the necessity of such measures.

From the 2nd of September to the 9th of November, 1864, nothing more than the regular routine of camp duties occurred. On the morning of November 9 we were unceremoniously awakened by the rattling of artillery and musketry by a small force of the enemy attempting to enter our lines, but in this they were defeated and repulsed, leaving two killed and taking several wounded with them; the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry sustained no loss. On the next morning we were prepared to leave Atlanta, which move commenced on the morning of November 15. We started from camp at 6. 30 a. M. and marched seven miles in the direction of Decatur, Ga; halted for dinner at 1 p. m. ; started again at 3 p. m., and, after marching slowly, we halted at 12 p. m. for the night; distance marched, fifteen miles. November 16, started at started at 9 a. m. and marched fast for a distance of twelve miles; halted for dinner at 2 p. m. one mile from Rock Bridge. We crossed Yellow River and encamped for the night, after marching twelve miles without interest. November 17, started at 6 a. m. ; marched until 12. 15 p. m; halted for dinner; started at 2 p. m. and marched to within six miles of Social Circle, on the Georgia Central Railroad; we halted and encamped here for the night, after a tedious march of fourteen miles. November 18, started at 5 a. m. ; passed through Social Circle, where we found the railroad depot destroyed; moved on and halted at Rutledge for dinner at 11. 30 a. m. We here burned the depot and store-house containing some rebel stores and started again at 2 p. m. and marched to within a distance of two miles of Madison, where we encamped for the night; distance marched, nineteen miles. November 19, started at 5 a. m. ; passed through Madison at daylight; halted at 12 m. at Buck Head for dinner; started again at 1 p. m. and at 5 p. m. we halted at Jordan's plantation. The Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Infantry here assisted to tear up the railroad and destroyed 3,000 bushels of corn and 600 bales of cotton. We marched this day sixteen miles. November 20, started at 7 a. m. and marched eight miles without incident; halted for dinner at 12 m. ; at 2 p. m. we started, and, after marching seven miles, encamped for the night at 6 p. m. ; distance marched, fifteen miles. November 21, started at 7 a. m., the Twenty-eight Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Infantry in advance of the division; halted for dinner at 1. 30 p. m., and moved out again without incident at 2. 30 p. m. and marched to Doctor Nesbit's plantation, where we were posted as picket guard for the division; this was a very cold day and night; distance marched nine miles. November 22, started at 7 a. m. as rear guard for the division; after marching for four miles we crossed the Central railroad at Dennis Station. Here we rejoined the corps, which had been separated since we came from Madison on the 18th. We traveled slow in the direction of Milledgeville and halted for dinner at 1 p. m. We passed through Milledgeville after a very tedious march and encamped at 11 p. m., having marched twenty miles. November 23, we remained in camp until 12 m., when we moved half a mile into the woods, where we remained all day. November 24, we got under way at 9 a. m., marching through swamps and mud to within five miles of Hebron, where we encamped for the night; marched this day a distance of twelve miles. November 25, started at 7. 30 a. m., marched slow and tedious; passed through

