
Hebron and came to Buffalo Creek. Here we found eight bridges burnt, which took considerable time t rebuild, but at 6 p. m. we moved across the creek and encamped half a mile from it for the night, after marching only six miles. November 26, started at 8 a. m. as guard for the division quartermaster's train; halted at 9. 15 a. m. to reorganize the train; started again at 11 a. m. ; marched to within half a mile of Sandersville; we here halted for dinner, and at 2 p. m. we marched through the town of Sandersville and down to the Central railroad, which we struck at Tennille Station. We here commenced tearing up the track, burning the crossties, and totally destroying the railroad for a distance of two miles, when we encamped for the night. At about 1 p. m. we were aroused ant under arms, but nothing occurred; distance marched, sixteen miles. November 27, commenced tearing up the track at 8 a. m. and worked until 1 p. m., when we rested for dinner, and at 4 p. m. we started for Davisborough, and after a tedious march we arrived there at 9 p. m., marching to-day a distance of ten miles. November 28, went to work again on the railroad, about five miles west of Davisborough, at 7. 30 a. m., and halted at 1 p. m. for dinner; at 3 p. m. commenced again and worked until 5 p. m. ; the rebels made a dash upon the Third Brigade, and the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Infantry, in company with the First Brigade, started to re-enforce them, but they had already been dispersed. We started at 6 p. m. on our return to Davisborough, which place we reached at 7. 30 p. m., after working all day and marching a distance of nine miles. November 29, started at 7. 20 a. m., and marched to Spiers Station, when we halted for dinner at 1 p. m. ; left Spiers Station at 4 p. m. and marched fast and without incident to within two miles of Bostwick Station, where we halted at 7 p. m. for the night; distance marched, eighteen miles. November 30, started on the march again at 6. 45 a. m. ; marched quick and through swampy ground until 2 p. m., when we halted for dinner at the plantation of Doctor Blake, a great slave holder, having at this time some 300 slaves on his plantation, mostly women. We left here at 4 p. m. and marched to join the corps at Miller's plantation, where we arrived at 6. 30 p. m; distance marched, ten miles.

December 1, this day's march was without incident. We left Miller's plantation at 7. 25 a. m. and marched until 2 p. m., when we halted for dinner; started again at 4 p. m. and marched until 7 p. m., when we halted for the night, after marching twelve miles. December 2, left camp at 6. 45 a. m. and marched until 12 m., when we halted for dinner; started at 1 p. m. and marched past Jones' plantation; we crossed Buck Head Creek and camped at 3. 30 p. m. ; the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania, with 200 of the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, picketed for the division; posted pickets and passed the night without incident; distance marched, ten miles. December 3, started again at 2 p. m., and after tedious marching through swamps and in the rain, halting about every 200 steps, we stopped at 6. 30 a. m. of the 4th; distance marched, twelve miles in direction east-southeast and northeast of Millen, crossing Little Buck Head Creek, having marched all night; a distance of twelve miles. December 4, started at 9. 30 a. m. and marched until 11 a. m. ; halted for dinner and were off again at 3 p. m., marching across a large swamp, and halted one mile from Horse Creek at 8 p. m., after marching eight miles without incident. December 5, this day we marched with the wagons, assisting them over the many muddy places in the road, and halting for the night at 6 p. m. ; distance marched, fifteen miles. December 6, like yes-

