
terday, we spent this one with the teams and without halting for any length of time; we encamped at 6. 30 p. m. ; marched ten miles. December 7, again with the wagons, raining nearly all day and very bad roads; we marched ten miles in the direction of Springfield and encamped at 8 p. m. December 8, started at 8 a. m. ; passed through Springfield, a small village; marching rather fast; halted for the night at 4 p. m., having marched thirteen miles. December 9, this was the first day that we heard artillery firing in our front. We started at 7 a. m., and having marched two miles halted to issue rations; started again at 1 p. m. and halted at 8 p. m. ; distance marched, eight miles. December 10, we moved off this day at 12. 30 p. m. ; marched steady on a splendid road with the wagons until we came to about five miles of Savannah, where we halted at 5 p. m. and encamped for the night, after marching eleven miles. This day we came up to the rebel intrenchments.

December 11, at 10 a. m. we left camp and moved off in the direction of the Savannah River, which we struck at 2 p. m. From this point we had a fine view of the rebel fortifications about one mile off. Left here at 4. 30 p. m. and moved on a road running at right angles about half a mile. We here relieved the Second Brigade and were posted in line, the Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry on our right, and the Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry on our left. Here we found a dike or drain for a rice plantation, which formed a very good rifle-work. December 12, at 1 a. m. we moved about half a mile to the left, without knapsacks, ad lay here until 4 a. m. in support of the Third Brigade, which were to charge the enemy's works. The order being countermanded we returned to our original position at 4. 15 a. m. Remained here all day without incident. Heard occasional shots of artillery all night. December 13, still in the same position. We to-day improved the breast-work and put the camp in order. Heavy firing on our right. No incident of note occurred to-day. December 14, the rebels opened their fire on the skirmish pits, which the Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry had constructed yesterday early; a few shots went over camp, but none doing any damage. Received official notice of the capture of Fort McAllister by the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, thus allowing General Sherman to communicate with the fleet and army of General Foster. December 15 and 16, still in the same position. The rebels shell our camp continually, but do no damage. No incidents of note occurred during these days. December 17, stilling the same position. Received our first mail to-day since leaving Atlanta. Nothing occurred beyond the regular fatigue duty. Building lunettes calculated for some heavy pieces. December 18, very hot Weather; nothing of importance occurred; do not think the enemy has seen the lunettes built last night, which accounts for their not shelling them. December 19, the enemy shelled our works vigorously to-night, killing and wounding several of the brigade, but none of the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry; nothing of importance occurred. December 20, still in the same position; the rebels were rather quiet until about 4 p. m., when they shelled our works, wounding some more of the brigade; they continued shelling until 1 a. m. of the 21st, when we received notice that they were evacuating the city. To confirm this we marched into the city at daylight, and the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry and the Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry passed on to Fort Jackson, four miles down the river; here we arrived at 7 a. m. ;

