
we entered the fort and immediately flung our colors to the breeze; we found the enemy ha retreated, leaving the fort on fire and one of the magazines blow up; we captured in the fort and vicinity: *

Of the 91 guns captured, 14 only were found to have been spiked and shorted. The gun carriages were broken and temporarily disabled, and all the implements were broken and destroyed.

Thus has closed probably one of the most tedious, and yet one of the most successful campaigns on record in the world, and is a striking example of what can be accomplished when the soldiers of a country work with their general and he with them. We have been some thirty-six days on the march, and traveled a distance of 320 miles. We are now holding the defenses of our capture, but probably before long we may be on another move, and it is hoped that General Sherman and his army may be as successful as they have been in accomplishing the downfall of Savannah, Ga., December 21, 1864.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN FLYNN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 105. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Craig, One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations September 2-December 21.
HDQRS. 147TH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOL. INFANTRY,Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular dated headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, December 23, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the 2nd day of September we lay in line of works built by us a few days previous along the Chattahoochee River, and remained until September 4, when orders were received to strike tents as the brigade was ordered to Atlanta. We took up the line of march at 9. 30 a. m., reaching the city at 1 p. m. Here we were put into line of works built by the enemy on the west side of the city, where we remained until November 15. We were, on account of the movement of the troops, obliged to change camp several times. We assisted in building the fortifications around the city. November 9, the enemy, with a strong force of cavalry and four pieces of artillery, made an attack at 7 a. m. on my immediate front, driving in the picket-line, advancing to within 200 yards of the main line. At the first firing I immediately ordered one company across the railroad into the fort on my right, where they opened fire on the enemy, repulsing them almost instantly. My skirmishers advanced immediately and took possession of the picket-line, finding 2 killed, 2 wounded, and 1 prisoner of the enemy inside of the picket-line; there was no loss out of my regiment. While encamped at Atlanta, Ga., repeated orders were received to make preparations for a fifty days' campaign. November 15, we took up the line of march, moving principally in an eastern direction nearly parallel with the Augusta and Atlanta Railroad until where it crosses the Oconee River,

---------------

*List of captures embodied in Geary's report, p. 280.

---------------

