
from whence we struck south toward Milledgeville, Ga., reaching it on the night of the 22d. On the morning of the 24th we again took up the line of march, moving principally southeast until December 11, which brought us within four miles of the city of Savannah, Ga. Here the enemy was found in force and well fortified. On the evening of this day we were placed in line, my right connecting with the Fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and my left with the Sixtieth Regiment New York Volunteers, Third Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps. Here we put up a line of works, where we remained until the morning of the 21st. The shelling of the enemy's guns was rather annoying, scattering in all directions through the camp. I had 3 men wounded, 2 of whom have since died. On the morning of the 21st, finding the enemy's works evacuated, we immediately followed up their retreat into the city of Savannah, Ga.

In conclusion I beg leave to thank the officers and men for their uniformity and willingness in discharging their duties. Our marches were long and tedious, marching over 300 miles in twenty-six days.

Accompanying please find report of casualties. *

JOHN CRAIG,

Lieutenant Colonel 147th Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 106. Report of Colonel Patrick H. Jones, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations September 18-December 21.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TWENTIETH CORPS,Savannah, Ga., December 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that on the 18th of September, 1864, I assumed command of this brigade, which was then lying in camp about 200 yards north of the McDonough road and southwest of Atlanta nearly three-quarters of a mile, where it remained until 3 p. m. November 5, 1864, when orders were received to be in readiness to march at an hour's notice. At 4 p. m. on the same day broke camp and marched about one mile in a southerly direction, and encamped for the night on or near the McDonough road. On the following day orders were received to return, when we marched back and reoccupied our camp. My brigade furnished all required details for fatigue and foraging expeditions during the occupation of Atlanta, Ga. on the morning of November 15, 1864, at 7 o'clock, we again broke camp, in accordance with orders received the previous evening, with thirty days' rations and sixty rounds of ammunition (in cartridge-boxes and knapsacks) per man. The course from Atlanta was southeasterly, along the Decatur pike, passing several small villages, of which the following in their order are the most prominent: Decatur, Stone Mountain, Social Circle, Madison, and on the 22nd of November, 1864, reached Milledgeville, Ga., where we remained one day. On the 24th instant resumed the march in an easterly direction to Sandersville, from which place our course was due south to a point on the Macon and Savannah Railroad called Tennille, or Station Numbers 13. The brigade assisted in destroy-

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 enlisted men killed, 1 wounded, and 1 missing.

---------------

