
ing the railroad track until noon, when the march was resumed in the direction of Davisborough, where I arrived at 10 p. m. November 27, 1864. On the following morning the brigade was detached for the purpose of escorting the headquarters train Twentieth Corps to Spiers Station, where I encamped for the night. On the morning of November 29, 1864, I received orders to march the brigade to Station Numbers 10 1/2, on the Macon and Savannah Railroad, with instructions to destroy one mile of railroad track to the west of said station, and to the east as far as the Ogeechee River, and also the bridge crossing it, which I did in a very effectual manner. The advance of the brigade marched as far as Station Numbers 10, destroyed some cotton and cotton gins, and rejoined the brigade at the river before the destruction of the bridge and trestle work was completed. During the afternoon of the 30th I was ordered to rejoin the division, and a guide was sent to conduct the brigade. After a tedious night march of about fifteen miles I reported the brigade to the division commander about three miles north of Louisville, Ga.

On the following morning the march was resumed, but, until the 9th of December, nothing of importance occurred. On that day the First Division, having the advance of the corps, encountered a force of the enemy intrenched behind a swamp about thirteen miles north of Savannah, when this brigade was ordered to the support of Colonel Carman's brigade, of the First Division, then preparing to attack the enemy. I reported with the brigade at the place indicated, but the enemy in the meantime abandoned the position, and I was directed to return and rejoin the division, which I did at night-fall of that day. On the following morning, December 10, I was ordered to march about two miles to the rear, where the train of the corps was parked and cover the approaches leading to it, and when it moved, follow at a proper distance as rear guard, for which purpose a section of Winegar's (New York) battery reported to me, together with one regiment of the First Brigade (the Twenty-ninth Ohio Veteran Volunteers). The train moved forward at 1 p. m. and went into camp about midnight on the line of the Charleston and Savannah Railroad, about five miles from the city. On the morning of December 11 the Third Brigade of this division, under command of Colonel Barnum, having reconnoitered the position of the enemy with a view to selecting ground for future operations, I was, about 10 a. m., ordered to move the brigade to the front and the left of our position on the Charleston and Savannah Railroad, and subsequently, at 3 p. m., assigned position, the left resting on the Savannah River and about three miles distant from the city, the brigade in the reserve of the division and about 500 yards behind the first line, composed of the Third and First Brigades. Under the instructions of the division commander I made disposition to protect the artillery in position on the river-bank and to picket the west bank of the river. On the 13th I was ordered to send a small force to the north of Hutchinson's Island, in the Savannah River, to observe the movements of the enemy and secure a rice mill on that part of the island which was to be used as a post of observation for our artillery and staff officers. Major William H. Hoyt, One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, with sixty men, was sent for this purpose, and his force being insufficient I was further ordered by General Geary, commanding division, to send a small regiment for the purpose. Lieutenant Colonel A. H. Jackson, One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, was accordingly sent, and subsequently the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Major (now Lieutenant-Colonel) C. C. Gresson commanding. These regiments remained there until the morning of the 21st

