
a half from the court-house. In this camp it remained, devoting its time to drill and parades, and receiving complete outfits of clothing and camp and garrison equiPAGE. On the 5th of November camp was broken and the regiment moved with the brigade at 3 p. m. out upon the McDonough road, camping two miles and a half from the city. On the 6th of November we returned to our old quarters. November 15, broke camp at 7 a. m., moved out upon the Decatur road and camped at 12 p. m. near Stone Mountain. November 16, moved at 8 a. m. and led the corps; marched fifteen miles, crossing Yellow River at Rock Bridge, and halting for the night five miles beyond it on the Sheffield road. November 17, moved at 6. 30 a. m., marching through Sheffield over the Ulcofauhachee, and camped two miles from Social Circle. November 18, moved at 5. 30 a. m., passing Rutledge, and camped at 5. 30 p. m. one mile from Madison. November 19, moved at 5 a. m., passing through Madison; halted for dinner at Buck Head Station, and continued the march to within one mile and a half of Oconee River on Georgia railroad; tore up track afternoon and evening. November 20, moved at 7 a. m. toward Eatonton, passing Parks' Bridge and Glade's Cross-Roads; camped near Denham's Tannery at 6 p. m. November 21, moved at 6 a. m. toward Eatonton. November 22, struck Eatonton Branch Railroad, and passing through Milledgeville and over the Oconee River, camped two miles beyond it. November 23, in camp. November 24, moved at 10 a. m. on road to Hebron. November 25, passed through Hebron. November 26, entered Sandersville, and passed on to Tennille, on railroad, and camped three miles beyond it. November 27, moved at 7 a. m. and tore up seven miles of railroad and marched to Davisborough. November 28, brigade detached to guard the corps headquarters train; marched to Spiers Station on railroad. November 29, brigade again detached; moved by-road to Station 10 1/2; tore up railroad to bridge over to Ogeechee River. November 30, burned the bridge and then marched to Louisville, via Watkins' Bridge, reaching camp of division at 12 p. m.

December 1, moved at 8 a. m. and camped beyond Birdville. December 2, moved at 6 a. m. toward Millen and camped at Buck Head Creek. December 3, moved at 10 a. m. ; crossed Augusta and Millen Railroad; camped six miles beyond it on the Sylvania road. December 4, moved at 7. 30 a. m. ; camped at Horse Creek. December 5, marched fourteen miles and camped, leaving Sylvania to our left. December 6, continued the march toward Springfield; roads very soft and marsh-camped after a tedious march of six miles. December 7, still continued the march toward Springfield and camped for the night near it. December 8, passed Springfield and marched twelve miles and camped near Zion Church. December 9, moved at 10 a. m. and struck Savannah road. First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, on our front; skirmished with the enemy, who had a battery in position covering the road; camped for the night sixteen miles from Savannah. December 10, pushing on, passed Harrison's plantation and Fourteenth Army Corps, struck Savannah and Charleston Railroad nine miles and a half from the city, and camped five miles and a half from it that night. December 11, placed in position as reserves on banks of Savannah River, opposite Hutchinson's Island and confronting the enemy's right flank, being in rear of the Third Brigade. December 12 to 20, we remained in the same position. December 21, entered the city of Savannah at 8 a. m. and were assigned a camp on the parade of the city.

During the entire campaign the troops have subsisted upon the country, and found food of all kinds in abundance, never suffering from scarcity of provisions. In front of Savannah we were unprotected by

