
breat-works, being in the reserve line, and subject to a heavy fire of shrapnel and shell from the opposing batteries of the enemy in our front, and to a heavy and provoking fire from a Confederate gun-boat in the far channel round Hutchinson's Island.

I am happy to state but one casualty occurred, viz, the slight wounding of Private Terrence Sweeney, Company D.

Those soldiers reported as deserters in the accompanying schedule were all troublesome characters, and, despite repeated remonstrance and punishment and the constant vigilance of officers, succeeded in straggling and were captured by the enemy. Their absence being willful, I have marked them as deserters to the enemy, so that after exchange they are to be tried for this heinous offense. Before leaving Atlanta I received 136 substitutes, nearly all being raw recruits, many of them foreigners and unable either to write or speak the English language, and owing to physical disability caused by the exhaustion attendant upon so severe a campaign to new soldiers, many were compelled to leave the ranks at times, and by becoming separated from the regiment during its night marches, and being unable to intelligibly define their wants and ask the location of their regiment, have as yet failed to return, and ask the location of their regiment, having as yet failed to return and are reported absent without leave. The larger part of these, it is to be hoped, are with some of the other corps, and will soon find their way into camp.

The command needs a complete outfit of clothing, shoes, &amp;c., and will then be ready for a new campaign, as both health and esprit are excellent.

Subjoined is a list of casualties and desertions:

Name and company. 	 Date. 	 Remarks.

Private Terrence,	 December 14, 1864	 Wounded by shell

Sweeney, Company D.	 	 from enemy's

. 	 	 battery.

Corpl. James F. 	 December 13, 1864	 Deserted to the

Dooley, Company C.	 	 enemy.

.

Private-Bennerman,	 . . Do. . 	 Do.

Company C. .

Private John	 . . Do. . 	 Do.

Gardner, Company D.

.

Private Charles H. 	 . . Do. . 	 Do.

Chapman, Company I.

.

Private Adam	 December 12, 1864.	 Do.

Wetzel, Company K.	 .

.

Private Francis	 . . Do. . 	 Do.

McCarty, Company K.

.

Private John Smith,	 . . Do. . 	 Do.

Company K. .

Private Charles	 . . Do. . 	 Do.

Wagner, Company K.

.

G. W. MINDIL,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain N. K. BRAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 108. Report of Colonel John T. Lockman, One hundred and nineteenth New York Infantry, of operations September 1-December 21.
HDQRS. 119TH Regiment NEW YORK STATE VOLUNTEERS,Savannah, Ga., December 23, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular order I have the honor to submit the following resume of events since September 1, 1864, and report of the part taken by my regiment in the campaign just closed by the fall of Savannah, Ga.:

September 1, regiment engaged in building works near Pace's Ferry. September 2, still at Pace's Ferry; 1 p. m. our brigade received orders to move, and at 8 p. m. we halted at Atlanta. September 3, moved out

