
Fourth Division.

November 11. -Fortifications at Rome, Ga., were dismantled, and the division took up its line of march to join its corps at Atlanta, GA., and from there proceeded with General Sherman's army on the campaign then commencing.

The division marched during the month [November] the distance of about 260 miles.

First Brigade, Fourth Division.

[November.]-The brigade has taken part in the campaign leaving Rome, Ga., on the 11th marching with the army to this place [Slater's Mills.]

[December.]-The brigade marched with the army of General Sherman from Slater's Mills, Ga., to Savannah, skirmishing with the enemy at Jenks' Bridge and on the Little Ogeechee River, losing 2 men killed and 9 wounded.

Second Brigade, Fourth Division.

[November.]-This brigade was engaged doing garrison duty at Rome, Ga., until the 11th, when, with the division, it proceeded to Atlanta, Ga., to join its corps, where it arrived on the 16th.

November 17. -It resumed its line of march in concert with the grand army under Major-General Sherman. The duties performed were such as usually devolve upon troops when engaged in so extensive a campaign.

The distance marched, up to December 1, about 225 miles. In traveling this distance six rivers were crossed and many fatiguing marches were made. The brigade has taken no active part in any engagement during the month.

December 1 found this brigade with the grand army under Major-General Sherman in the interior of Georgia. In concert with its division and corps it moved forward without anything of interest occurring until the day after crossing the Ogeechee Canal (December 9), when, being in advance, it encountered the enemy's pickets about 9 a. M. ; skirmished with them nearly all day, finally driving them across the Little Ogeechee River, capturing one piece of artillery and prisoners. The brigade assisted in the investment of Savannah, and after its evacuation by the enemy marched into its present camp near the city.

Artillery Brigade.

November 1. -Marched from Cave Spring to Cedartown, six miles, and encamped.

November 2. -Marched fifteen miles, encamping in the field.

November 3. -Marched sixteen miles; encamped at Pumpkin Vine Creek, ga.

November 4. -Marched thirteen miles and encamped at Powder Springs.

November 5. -Marched eleven miles and encamped at Smyrna Camp-Ground, near Marietta, Ga.

November 6 to 12. -In camp near Marietta.

