
and occupied rebel works on easterly side of the city. September 4, assigned position on westerly side of McDonough road. September 5 to November 5, inclusive, regiment occupied same position. On the afternoon of November 5 regiment was ordered to be ready to move, and at 3 p. m. marched out on McDonough road about one mile and a half and bivouacked for the night, and on 6th of November returned to our camp, where regiment remained until the morning of November 15, when regiment moved from camp and marched to the vicinity of Stone Mountain. On the 16th of November march resumed; bivouacked at night near Sheffield. November 17, marched to vicinity of Social Circle, destroying railroad track. November 18, moved at 5 a. m. ; passed through Social Circle and bivouacked near Madison; portions of railroad track destroyed. November 19, moved at 5 a. m. ; passed through Madison, the division being on special duty; several miles of railroad track destroyed, also depot at Buck Head; cavalry burned railroad bridge over Oconee River. November 20, moved at 7 a. m. ; bivouacked at Denham's Mill. November 21, moved at 8 a. m. and marched toward the Oconee River; bivouacked about six mils from Eatonton. November 22, moved at 6. 30 a. m. and crossed the Oconee River, and reached Milledgeville at 5 p. m. ; passed through and bivouacked on the south side of the Oconee River. November 23,edgeville. November 24, moved about eleven miles and bivouacked near Gum Creek. November 25, moved at 7 a. m. and bivouacked near Gum Creek. November 26, moved at 6 a. m., reaching Sandersville at 1 p. m. ; at 4 p. m. moved to Tennille. November 27, moved at 6 a. m. ; engaged all day in destroying railroad track and bridges; bivouacked at Davisborough. November 28, moved at 11 a. m. and reached Spiers at 6 p. m. and bivouacked. November 29, moved at 8 a. m. and marched to Bostwick; regiment engaged in tearing up and destroying railroad track. November 30, burned bridge over Ogeechee River, and trestle-work over Williamson's Swamp. At 4 p. m. moved to rejoin division and reached Louisville at 9 p. m., where we bivouacked.

December 1, moved at 11 a. m. in the direction of Millen and bivouacked at night about twelve miles northeast from Millen. December 2, moved at 6 a. m. and bivouacked near Buck Head Creek. December 3, moved at 11 a. m. and bivouacked near-Creek; division as rear guard. December 4, moved at 10. 30 a. m. and bivouacked near Horse Creek. December 5, moved at daylight and crossed Horse Creek; division still rear guard. December 6, regiment detailed to forage for brigade. December 7, regiment still on duty foraging for brigade; rejoined same near Springfield. December 8, moved at 7 a. m. and crossed Ebenezer Creek, and bivouacked for the night near Eden. December 9, moved at 8 a. m., First Division leading; at 2 p. m. rebels opened with artillery on the advance; the enemy was soon driven; our brigade sent to support Colonel Carman's brigade, of the First Division; the enemy retreated and we were not needed; bivouacked for the night fourteen miles from Savannah. December 10, moved at 2. 30 p. m. and bivouacked four miles from Savannah. December 11 to 20, in reserve in rear of first line. December 21, moved at 5 a. m. and entered Savannah at 6. 30 a. m.

There are no casualties to report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. LOCKMAN,

Colonel, Commanding 119th New York Volunteers.

Captain N. K. BRAY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Second Div., 20th Corps.

