
Numbers 109.

Report of Major William H. Hoyt, One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Infantry, of operations September 2 - December 21.

Report of the One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, from the capture of Atlanta, Ga., September 2, 1864, to the 21st of December, 1864, when the regiment entered the city of Savannah, Ga.:

September 2, the regiment, commanded by Captain Otis Guffin, Company F, was ordered to march at 12 m. ; advanced with the brigade into the city of Atlanta, Ga. September 3, took position with the brigade in the outer works of the city. September 4, was ordered to take a new position farther to the right and bivouacked for the night. September 5, went into camp in rear of the works and did its regular picket duty and fatigue. September 11, Major William H. Hoyt took command of the regiment and relieved Captain Otis Guffin. September 13, changed camp; the regiment took a new position in the works, where it remained, under command of Major William H. Hoyt, doing its regular picket and fatigue duty and participating in the foraging expeditions until November 5, when it was ordered to move with the corps out of the works on the Macon road and encamp. November 6, the regiment returned to its old camp and remained until November 15, when it moved out of the city of Atlanta, Ga., with the army in the Savannah campaign; marched to near Stone Mountain and encamped at midnight. November 16, marched at 8 a. m.: Lieutenant Colonel Allan h. Jackson relieved Major William H. Hoyt, and took command of the regiment. November 17, broke camp at 5 a. m. and marched first in line, guarding the train; passed through Sheffield; crossed Gum Creek; halted for the night four miles from Socila Circle. November 18, marched at 5 a. m., passed through Social Circle, and advanced to within two miles of Madison. November 19, moved out with the Second Division on a separate expedition; no fighting occurred; joined the corps in company with the brigade and division November 22, and entered the city of Milledgeville, Ga. ; went into camp late at night. November 23, regiment lay still. November 24, marched until late at night. ossed a large swamp and encamped for the night. November 26, advanced into Sandersville; One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers formed part of the grand guard of the division. November 27, the regiment assisted in destroying a part of the Georgia Central Railroad. November 28, assisted the brigade in guarding the corps headquarter train to the Station Numbers 11. November 29, marched about seven miles, and destroyed railroad track the remainder of the day. November 30, assisted in destroying a railroad bridge across the Ogeechee River; marched fifteen miles at night to join the division.

December 1, regiment marched in advance of the ordnance train of the division. December 2, marched to Buck Head Creek and encamped for the night. December 3, guarded the train. December 4, marched with the brigade and went into camp 7 p. m. December 5, marched steadily all day. December 6, marched through a marshy country. December 7, had difficulty crossing swamps. December 8, advanced with division toward Savannah; did not encounter the enemy. December 9, advanced, with skirmishing in front; First Division met the enemy; One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, leading the Second Brigade, were ordered to support the First Division; advanced splendidly on the double-quick; the enemy retreated; regi-

