
ment went on picket. December 10, regiment remained on picket until 1 p. m. ; advanced to within six miles of Savannah. December 11, moved at 8 a. m. slowly toward the left; took a position in range of the enemy's guns; were relieved and took a position on the left, on the river-bank in range of the enemy's guns. December 12, regiment lay still. December 13, had 1 commissioned officer killed and 1 man wounded; at night regiment crossed the river and fortified on Hutchinson's Island. December 14, advanced and took possession of rice mill and settlement, and fortified our position; held our position under a severe artillery fire from the enemy (where we had 6 men wounded and 1 killed) until December 21, when the enemy had evacuated the night before and the regiment advanced into the city of Savannah.

WM. H. HOYT,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 110. Report of Major Lewis D. Warner, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Infantry. HDQRS. 154TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to the requirements of circular of the 23rd taken by the One hundred and fifty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, under my command, in the various movements of the Army of Georgia from the 15th day of November to the 21st day of December, 1864, inclusive:

November 15, marched at 8 a. m. toward Decatur, the regiment leading the brigade; passed through Decatur and encamped within three miles of Stone Mountain. November 16, marched at 8 a. m., Second Brigade leading the corps; course, easterly along the line of the Georgia railroad. November 17, marched at 5 a. m. ; course, the same as yesterday. November 18, marched at 5 a. m. ; passed through the village of Social Circle, and encamped within two miles of Madison. November 19, marched at 5 a. m. ; passed through Madison at daybreak; followed the line of the railroad, a considerable portion of which we tore up and burned, and encamped within two miles of the Oconee River. November 20, marched at 7 a. m. ; course, down the right bank of the river toward Milledgeville. November 21, marched at 7. 30 a. m. in a southerly direction, passing about six miles to the left of Eatonton. November 22, marched at 6 a. m., the regiment leading the division; crossed Little River on pontoon bridge; entered Milledgeville at dark; crossed to left bank of the river and encamped at 10 p. m. ; entire regiment on picket. November 23, regiment on picket until near night, and was then relieved by troops of Third Brigade; did not march to-day. November 24, marched at 7 a. m. toward Sandersville. November 25, marched at 6. 30 a. m. ; passed through Hebron; halted near Buffalo Creek, white the bridge was being rebuilt; crossed after dark and encamped on the left bank. November 26, marched at 6 a. m. ; regiment guard to brigade train, reached Sandersville about noon; halted until nearly night and then marched to the Georgia Central Railroad, which we struck at Tennille Station;

