
moved easterly along the road about two miles and encamped. November 27, roused up about 1 a. m. by false alarm; moved the regiment to a new position; at 7 a. m. moved out upon the railroad, halting to tear up and burn the track as we advanced; followed the railroad about five miles, and then marched to Davisborough, where we encamped at 10 p. m. November 28, brigade detailed to accompany the corps train to Spiers Station, to march at 10 a. m., the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York leading the brigade; reached the station at sunset; regiment on picket. November 29, marched at 7 a. m. toward Station Numbers 10; reached here at 12 m. and passed the remainder of the day tearing up and burning the track from one mile west of the station to the Ogeechee River. November 30, passed nearly the whole day destroying the railroad bridge over the Ogeechee River; at 4 p. m. marched to join the division, which was encamped near Louisville; crossed the river here and encamped at 9 p. m.

December 1, marched at 8 a. m. ; regiment guard to headquarters Left Wing; course, southeast toward Millen. December 2, marched at 6 a. m. ; course, same as yesterday; crossed Buck Head Creek and encamped near its eastern bank. December 3, marched at 10 a. m. ; regiment guard to division train; crossed the Augusta railroad about three miles north of Millen just at dark; moved slowly on and encamped at 10. 30 p. m. December 4, marched at 10 a. m. in rear of corps and cavalry train; course, toward Springfield. December 5, marched at 7 a. m. ; course, same s yesterday. December 6, marched at 8 a. m. ; same course. December 7, marched at 7 a. m. and encamped at 8 p. m. within one mile of Springfield. December 8, at 6. 30 a. m. ; passing through Springfield. December 9, marched at 7. 30 a. m. ; course, toward Savannah; some skirmishing in our front; regiment not engaged. December 10, Second Brigade marched back about two miles and took position in rear of the train, which we were to guard this day; moved forward at 12 m. ; struck the Charleston railroad just before night and ten miles from Savannah; encamped at 8 p. m. within five miles of the city. December 11, moved at 10 a. m. toward the river; took position in front of the enemy's lines, which were covered by a canal and rice marsh; threw forward skirmishers and remained here for three hours, when we were relieved by the First Brigade, and moved to the left and rear, and encampedthe river in rear of the lines of the Third Brigade, where we remained, furnishing pickets for the river-bank and also heavy fatigue details for the fortifications in our front until the morning of December 21, when, the enemy having evacuated during the preceding night, we moved forward into the city, and encamped just outside, at the terminus of Bull street.

The casualties during the time covered by the above report were as follows. *

Several others received slight injuries from contusion by shells, which burst in camp at various times between the 11th and 21st. but the injuries were not sufficiently serious to call for a report.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. D. WARNER,

Major, Commanding Regiment

Colonel P. H. JONES,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Second Div., Twentieth Army Corps.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 killed, 3 wounded, and 4 missing.

---------------

