
Numbers 111. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles C. Cresson, Seventy-third Pennsylvania Infantry. HDQRS. SEVENTY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS., Savannah, Ga., December 16, 1864. *

When [November 15] we again broke camp and resumed the line of march, having an uninterrupted march, with little variety, subsisting chiefly on the country through which we passed, losing no men by straggling or capture, arriving in front of Savannah, Ga., on the evening of December 10, and took up position the day following on the bank of the river directly opposite the center of Hutchinson's Island, where we remained until the 14th instant, when I received order from Colonel Jones, commanding brigade, to cross my regiment to Hutchinson's Island and report to Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, commanding forces on the island. I crossed my men in small boats about dusk and reported according to orders. We reminded in this location, throwing up earthworks during the night to protect the men from the shelling of the enemy, who, from a gun-boat and river shore battery, poured a constant fire at the mill around which we were posted. Owing to our exposed position we were unable to work during the day. The place being held as a point of observation, every exertion was made by me to obtain by personal attention as much of the movements of the enemy as possible. On the evening of the 20th instant a noise was detected in the direction of the city directly after dark, sounding much like the laying of a pontoon bridge. Especial attention was paid to the noise for about two hours, when feeling confident that the enemy were throwing a body of troops from the Georgia to the Carolina shore, my adjutant, by order of Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, crossed the river about 10 p. m. and reported the fact of the noise and the opinion of those on the island concerning the cause of it to Colonel P. H. Jones, commanding Second, Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps. The morning following - December 21, instant - I was ordered to rejoin the brigade, which was then marching toward the city. Owing to the limited number of boats, my regiment was not all crossed until nearly noon, when we marched in the city and joined it at about 3 p. m. December 21, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. CRESSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Seventy-third Pennsylvania Vet. Vols.

Captain N. K. BRAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 112. Report of Captain Walter G. Dunn, One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Infantry. History of the command of the One hundred and ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers from November 15, 1864, to December 21, 1864:

November 15, 1864, left Atlanta, Ga., at 7 a. m. and encamped near Stone Mountain, Ga., at 2. 30 a. m. on the Rock Bridge road. November

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations about Atlanta, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 672.

---------------

