
remained in the city until the 16th to assist in the destruction of railroads and public buildings, and then joined the column of the Fourteenth Corps. November 16, marched at 8 a. m., passed Mountain Creek at 10 a. m. and Yellow River at 12., and encamped at 6 p. m. on Henry's farm. During the most of the afternoon the brigade was engaged in assisting the trains up steep and difficult hills. Made eight miles this day. November 17, marched at 5 a. m., this brigade in advance of corps. Crossed Big and Little Haynes Creeks, also Gum Creek. Marched through Sheffield at 10 a. m. and encamped at 5 p. m. near Ulcofauhachee River. Day's travel, sixteen miles. November 18, marched at 5 a. m., the brigade being distributed as train guard. Passed Social Circle at 9 a. m., and encamped near Madison at 6 p. m. Day's travel, fifteen miles. November 19, marched at 5 a. m., division being detached from main column; passed through Madison and along the Augusta railroad, and bivouacked at Blue Spring, near the Oconee River, at 4 p. m. Detachment destroyed the bridge over the Oconee River, and the balance of the command destroyed the railroad in the vicinity. Day's travel, fifteen miles. November 20, marched at 7 a. m. and reached the Oconee River at 8 a. m. at Parks' Planing Mills, which were destroyed, and encamped at Denham's Factory. Day's travel, fifteen miles. November 21, marched at 7 a. m. Burned Denham's Factory, tannery, and adjacent buildings, except dwelling houses. Marched fifteen miles and encamped on Nesbit's plantation at 6 p. m. November 22, marched at 6 a. M. and joined the main column at 12 m. Passed through the city of Milledgeville unopposed at about 7 p. m. Crossed the Oconee and encamped about one mile east of the city at 9 p. m. Day's travel, fifteen miles. November 23, the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers rejoined the brigade. The briMidway, destroyed the station-house and railroad to the city, including a large trestle bridge over ---- Creek, and returned to camp at 6 p. m. Distance marched, six miles. November 24, marched at 6 a. m. and encamped at dark near Gum Creek, thirteen miles from Milledgeville. November 25, marched at 6. 30 and reached Buffalo Creek at 12 m. Detained by destruction of bridges till 9 p. m. Crossed the creek and encamped. Day's travel eight miles. November 26, marched at 6 a. m. Reached Sandesville at 12 m. Skirmish by the advance. Formed line south of town, and at 1 p. m. marched to Tennille Station with the division and destroyed railroad toward Davisborough till 6 p. m., and encamped for the night. Day's travel, twelve miles. November 27, renewed destruction of railroad at 7 a. m., and at 12 m. marched toward Davisborough, crossing Williamson's Swamp Creek, and encamping at Davisborough at 9. 30 p. m. Day's travel, fifteen miles. November 28, marched at 7 a. m. with division and returned to a point about eight miles from Davisborough, and commenced the destruction of the railroad where we left off the day before. At about 2 p. m. this brigade was attacked by force of cavalry, which was quickly repulsed and driven off with some loss. Had 1 man wounded and 4 men captured. At 5 p. m. marched back to Davisborough and encamped at 7 p. m. Day's travel, sixteen miles. November 29, marched at 6 a. m. to Spiers Station, thence to Bostwick, and encamped at 7 p. m. Day's travel, nineteen miles. November 30, marched at 7 a. m. Crossed the Ogeechee River at 4 p. m., and encamped at 7 p. m. Day's travel, ten miles.

December 1, marched at 7 a. m., this brigade leading the corps, and bivouacked at 6 p. m. near Bark Camp Creek. Day's travel, thirteen miles December 2, marched at 6 a. m., crossed Buck Head Creek and encamped

