
works, and with the ten me advanced on the main line, crossing the flooded fields on the river-bank and the two dikes separating the fields and entering the enemy's main works at 3. 40 a. m. Another staff officer was immediately dispatched to communicate this fact to the general commanding division, and the brigade was put into the main line, and a strong skirmish line advanced 500 yards. The undersigned also placed guards on all the guns found in the enemy's works from the Augusta road the rive, eleven in number, seven of which were in the advanced work nearest out line. The general commanding division having arrived further operations were conducted under his direction. After waiting some time for the First and Second Brigades of this division to arrive this brigade was put in motion and marched through Axley's plantation to the Augusta road, the brigade moving in the following order: One hundred and second New York Veteran Volunteers, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and Sixtieth New York Veteran Volunteers, with a strong skirmish line from the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers extending from the river to the Augusta road. The column then moved down the Augusta road, and at about half a mile from the junction of the Augusta road with the Charleston railroad was met by the mayor and a delegation of aldermen of the city with a flag of truce, who formally surrendered the city of Savannah. With lusty cheers at every step the column pressed forward and entered the city on West Broad street from the Augusta road, marched down West Broad to Bay street, and down Bay street to the Exchange or City Hall, from the balcony of which was displayed the national colors of the regiments of this brigade and the division flag at 6 a. m. By order of the general commanding division the Sixtieth New York Veteran Volunteers was left at the entrance of the city at the canal crossing as guard, with instructions to prevent any other troops from entering the city until quiet and order could be established, and the undersigned was also directed to disperse the riotous crowds of poor whites and negroes, who were sacking the stores and store-houses. This brigade was immediately deployed throughout the city as patrols through the streets and guards over the various kinds of public property, ordnance, and stores, and two companies of the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers were sent to Fort Jackson, citizens were sent to their houses, and crowds dispersed and order and quiet soon established. At 8. 30 a. m., the First and Second Brigades having arrived, this brigade was assembled and put by regiments in sub-districts of that portion of the city bounded by Bull and Jones streets and the canal and Savannah River, constituting about one-third of the city. December 24, by order of General Geary, commanding division and post, the undersigned was appointed provost-marshal of the west half of the city from Bull street, and the troops of this command continued as provost guard, at which duty they are still employed.

In justice to the officers and men of this brigade it is here recorded that they first to discover the evacuation by the enemy of his works, the first to occupy them, the first to enter the city (the skirmishers of the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers having entered the city half an hour in advance of the brigade), the first to take possession of and guard all the captured ordnance and stores of every kind in and below the city and in the enemy's works from the Augusta road to the river; that they captured the greater part of the

