
noted and extensive Denham's tannery and shoe manufactory, near Eatonton, in which duty the regiment participated. On the 23rd the command was engaged and assisted in destroying the railroad from Milledgeville in the direction of Gordon Junction, returning the same night and leaving Milledgeville on the 24th. On the 26th the Georgia Central Railroad was struck and the work of destruction commenced, which duty was repeated at times throughout the remainder of the campaign. On the 28th of November, whole engaged in this duty near Davisborough, the regiment was attacked by and became engaged with about 200 cavalry of the enemy, who were driven from position and were among the first of the enemy seen since the campaign began. On the 30th, after crossing the Ogeechee River, the regiment was assigned to guard and destroy the bridge, which duty was thoroughly performed on the morning of December 1. The regiment rejoined the brigade the same day.

On the morning of the 11th the regiment was assigned to the right of the brigade, and before the day closed were in line confronting the enemy in front of Savannah. From the 1st to the 11th of December the duty of the regiment had been the usual destruction of public property and the laborious work of crossing Georgia swamps with heavy trains. The position taken by the regiment on the 11th was retained till the morning of the 21st, resulting in the following casualties: 2 officers and 4 enlisted men wounded. At 3. 30 o'clock on the morning of the 21st the regiment was in line, constituting a portion of the command that entered Savannah at sunrise. The regiment was assigned the duty of guarding the approaches to the city near the canal. In performing this duty a body of the enemy was soon discovered, consisting of two commissioned officers and thirty-four enlisted men, who were guarding an extensive arsenal, which was duly surrendered with its guard to a detachment sent out for the purpose. Besides these, a number were captured on the occupation of the city.

With the capture of Savannah closes the campaign. History will record the results as a monumental record to the master mind conceiving it; a grateful nation awaits with a hearty greeting for the "willing hearts and strong arms that have executed. "

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS ELLIOTT,

Major, Commanding Sixtieth Regiment New York Veteran Vols.

Numbers 115. Report of Lieutenant Harvey S. Chatfield, One hundred and second New York Infantry. HDQRS. 102nd REGIMENT NEW YORK VETERAN VOLS., Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

November 15, pursuant to orders received from brigade headquarters, broke camp at 6 a. m. and started upon the campaign through Georgia. Marched on the Decatur road along the line of the Augusta railroad, starting at 7 a. m. Owing to the wagon trains, our progress was necessarily slow and tedious. Marched throughout the day. November 16, continued our march until 4 a. m., when the regiment

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations about Atlanta, see VOL. XXXIX, Par I, p. 675.

---------------

