
December 1, started at 7 a. m. ; marched, as advance guard, about twelve miles and bivouacked at 5 p. m. at Blazed Tree Church. December 2, started at 8 a. m. ; marched bout eleven miles and bivouacked about 6 p. m. near Buck Head Creek. December 3, started at 12. 30 p. m. ; marched until midnight with numerous halts and over a difficult road about eight miles. December 4, continued the march until 4 a. m., having made about three miles, when the regiment bivouacked. At 7. 30 a. m. again started; marched about six miles; the regiment was placed on picket duty for the night, with the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers. December 5, at 7 a. m. drew in the picket guard, and at 9 a. m. moved forward with the column; marched about fifteen miles and bivouacked at 9 p. m. December 6, moved at 8 a. m. ; marched about twelve miles over very marshy roads and bivouacked at 6 p. m. December 7 a. m. ; marched about ten miles over very difficult roads and bivouacked at 6 p. m. near Springfield. December 8, started at 6. 30 a. m. ; marched about nine miles and bivouacked about 4 p. m. at Wadley's Mill. December 9, started at 7 a. m. ; marched about six miles and bivouacked about 6 p. m. near Monteith. December 10, started at 9. 30 a. m. ; shortly after starting the regiment was placed in rear of the first 200 wagons of the corps train as guard for the 100 wagons immediately preceding it; marched about nine miles and bivouacked about 4 p. m. five miles and a half from Savannah, Ga. December 11, at 7 a. m. moved out upon the main road to Savannah with the rest of the brigade; moved forward about three-quarters of a mile thereon and turned off to the left toward the Savannah river. In a short time thereafter the command hour I was ordered by Colonel Branum, commanding the brigade, to move forward the regiment and deploy it as skirmishers, connecting with the left of the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, which was already deployed and skirmishing with the enemy, and to continue my line until it reached the river, if possible. When but three companies upon the right had been deployed the river was reached. With the remainder of the regiment s a reserve I ordered the skirmishes forward. They had moved but about twenty-five yards when farther advance was prevented by a deep swamp, and the line had become so shortened as to render two companies sufficient to cover the space between the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Veteran Volunteers and the river. I therefore ordered Company I to join the reserve. Moved the reserve forward nearly to the skirmish line and went forward with Colonel Barnum to reconnoiter the position. To get over the swamp with any force it was found necessary to cross a narrow dike or road, which was commanded by the enemy's sharpshooter. At this time Captain Maguire had succeeded in crossing with a few skirmishers, and he meeting with but little resistance, I ordered Company K, Captain O. J. Spaulding, to cross the road, to quickly deploy, and with those already across advance toward the enemy's works. This was gallantly done, and the enemy driven into his main line of works. I immediately ordered the reserve forward, when the enemy opened upon the column with artillery, and the force being insufficient to carry the works by assault and unsupported, I ordered the regiment t form in line behind a natural dike, which had been previously occupied by the enemy and which was but 150 yards from their main line. During this attack the regiment had two wounded, Captain Spaulding and one private, both slight. The regiment remained in this position and improved and strengthened the earth-work in their from sufficiently to

