
protect it from the enemy's fire. At 11. 30 p. m. it was announced to regimental commanders by Colonel Barnum that a night attack was ordered and the plan detailed.

December 12, at 12. 30 a. m. the regiment was called up and preparations made to assault the enemy's lines at 1 a. m. At that hour the regiment was in readiness, but the attack was delayed and the regiment did not commence to move outside our line of works to get into position until about 4 a. m. This regiment was to form the left of the second line of the assaulting column, and the left wing had filed over and in from of our works, when the order for attack was countermanded, and I received orders to take my original position within our line of works, which I did. Remained here during the day, nothing occurring except being annoyed by the enemy's sharpshooters and few shells. December 13, early in the morning I ordered the construction of some rifle-pits in advance of our line about ten rods and four in number. The enemy's sharpshooters kept up an annoying fire, and occasionally their artillery opened, with no other effect than the wounding of one man slightly. December 14, our rifle-pits having been finished, my skirmishers or pickets were enabled to silence the enemy's sharpshooters to a considerable extent. During the day the gun-boat made its appearance in the river, nearly in a line with the left of my regiment, and opened fire upon the line with shot and shell from 6 1\2 and 9 inch guns, from the effects of which I had five men slightly wounded. From this time until December 20 nothing occurred beyond the usual picket-firing and occasional shelling by the enemy. About 9 p. m. my pickets on the left of the regiment reported that the men in the enemy's works in our front could be seen apparently moving to the right (their left), and soon thereafter the enemy could by heard crossing a pontoon bridge, apparently opposite the city. A strict watch was instituted, and at about 10. 30 p. m., becoming satisfied that they were leaving, went in person and reported these facts to the brigade commander. During this time the enemy kept up a vigorous fire from his artillery in our front. At 11 p. m. this ceased. From this until 12 o'clock the sounds of the enemy crossing the pontoon bridge could be heard continually.

December 21, from 1 a. m. to 3 a. m. the sounds made by crossing could be so distinctly [heard], and every indication of the evacuation of the city becoming so apparent, an advance was ordered by Colonel Barnum, who had come up in person to my position, to be made by ten men from my regiment, to reconnoiter the position in our front and discover whether or no the enemy was there. In short time they reported the line evacuated, and at 3. 20 a. m. I entered the first line of the enemy's works with the regiment, finding seven guns in position and a large quantity of ammunition, &amp;c., destroyed. In a short time the men sent forward reported the enemy's second line across the canal also evacuated. In obedience to orders from the brigade commander, I detached one company to guard the guns captured, and with the line, where we halted and awaited the coming up of the remainder of the brigade. Detached two companies to take possession of and guard the guns in this line from the Augusta road to the river. At 4. 15 a. m. an advance toward the city was ordered. My regiment leading, marched rapidly forward until we reached the Augusta road, when I ordered once company of the column as skirmishers; moved forward very rapidly and with no opposition except a few shots fired upon the advance guard froossing the canal, and entered the city at daylight, capturing some few stragglers from the enemy and a large amount of stores of all kinds.

