
During the whole of the campaign both the officers and men of my command have behaved well, and it is sufficient to say have done their whole duty as becomes veterans. it is difficult, where all have so will performed their part, to make any distinction, yet I would especially mention Captain O. J. Spaulding, commanding Company K; Captain H. M. Maguire, Company C, and First Lieutenant T. W. Root, acting adjutant, as deserving special mention for their bravery and vigilance throughout the campaign.

Respectfully submitted.

H. S. CHATFIELD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain O. T. MAY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 116. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Koert S. Van Voorhis, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Infantry. HEADQUARTERS 137TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

II.

Tuesday, November 15, when, in pursuance to orders received previously, we formed line at 7 a. m. Starting at 7. 30 a. m., moved our of the city on the Decatur road. At 2 p. m. halted near Decatur for dinner. After dinner resumed the march, which was continued until 4. 30 a. m. on Wednesday, November 16, when we halted, rested, and break-fasted, resuming the march at 7. 15 a. m. Camped for the night at 7. 15 p. m., marching distance from Atlanta being about twenty-seven miles. Thursday, November 17, left camp at 5. 15 a. m., marching in a northeasterly direction, the Third Brigade in advance and this regiment as advance guard. Encamped at 5 p. m. within three miles of social Circle, marching this day about twenty miles. Friday, November 18, took up line of march at 5. 30 a. m., halting soon after in the road to allow wagon train to pass. Started again at 7. 30 a. m., halting in the village of Rutledge for dinner. Encamped within a mile of Madison at 6. 30 p. m., having marched about eighteen miles. Saturday, November 19, left camp at 5 a. m. ; marched through Madison at daybreak in a moderate rain, which ceased about 7 o'clock. Halted near Buck Head for dinner. At 4 p. m. encamped for the night. After stacking arms proceeded to tear up track on the Augusta railroad, working with the division about two hours and half. Distance marched this day, about fifteen miles.

Sunday, November 20, fell in at 7. 30 a. m. and marched south from the railroad on the west bank of the Oconee River; encamped at 5 p. m., after having marched about fifteen miles. Monday, November 21, left our encampment at 8 a. m., marching in a southerly direction; raining hard the greater part of the day; halted for the night at 5 p. m. ; marched about twelve miles. Tuesday, November 22, we left camp at 6. 45 a. m., and about noon crossed Little River on a pontoon bridge. About 4. 30 p. m. came in sight of Milledgeville. After numer-

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations about Atlanta, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 676.

---------------

