
ous halts we at last entered the city, and passing through the city crossed the Oconee River on a toll bridge, and encamped about a mile from the river, going into camp at 8. 10 p. m., having marched about twenty miles. Wednesday, November 23, remained in camp until 2 p. m., when we fell in and marched to the Gordon railroad depot, and soon after commenced the destruction of the road, burning the ties and bending the rails; also burned a trestle bridge and the depot. Our work being completed, at 7 p. m. we returned to our former camp. Thursday, November 24, left camp near Milledgeville at 7. 30 a. m. Halted near the road until 10 a. m., when we moved on, marching in a southeasterly about ten miles. Friday, November 25, started this morning at 8. 30, marching in rear of wagon train. Halted at 1 p. m. for dinner. did not move until 8. 30 p. m. on account of the destruction by the enemy of bridges (nine in number), over Buffalo Creek. After crossing we camped for the night, having marched only five miles. Saturday, November 26, marched at 7. 30 a. m., arriving at Sandersville soon after noon. At 2 p. m. we passed through the town and struck the Georgia Central Railroad about 4 p. m., when we immediately began tearing up the road, and continued it till dark, and camped near the road; marched fifteen miles.

Sunday, November 27, moved at 7. 45 a. m., and resumed the destruction of the railroad track, working until noon. After dinner we joined the wagon train and marched with it about two miles, when we were ordered to "about face," and were marched back to the railway, and taking another road to Davisborough, arrived there at 9. 30 p. m., and went on picket; marched about twelve miles. Monday, November 28, leaving the picket-line at 8. 30 a. m. we struck for the railroad and marched on it back to the place where we had left off work the day before, the remainder of the brigade having marched around by the turnpike. Commenced work about noon, and at 3 p. m. the Sixteenth New York Veteran Volunteers on our right were fired upon by a squad of rebel cavalry, who dashed out of the woods near by, but after firing a few shots they fled. Our men immediately fell in, and, taking arms, were ordered to load, the first time since leaving Atlanta. Four men of this regiment were missing here, and were, it is supposed, captured for the night. Distance marched, fifteen miles. Tuesday, November 29, left camp at 6. 30 a. m. ; halted for dinner at Spiers Station. Marched at 3. 30, encamping for the night at 6. 15 p. m. Marched about twenty miles. Wednesday, November 30, leaving camp at 6. 45 a. m., marched almost directly north, crossing the Ogeechee River at 5. 30 p. m. Bivouacked December 1, left camp at 7. 15 a. m., our brigade in advance, marching nearly southeast, crossing numerous swamps and creeks. Went into camp at 5. 15 p. m. Distance marched, about sixteen miles. Friday, December 2, marched this morning at 8 o'clock, our brigade in rear of the corps. Weather uncomfortably warm. Encamped for the night at 5. 30 p. m. ; marched about ten miles. Saturday, December 3, did not leave camp until 12. 45 p. m. Were in rear to-day, and consequently marched very slow. Passed near the rebel stockade in which were confined Union prisoners but a few days before. Crossed the Augusta railroad after dark, leaving Millen on our right.

Sunday, December 4, continued the march o yesterday till 3. 40 a. m. ; then halted, resuming the march at 8 a. m. During the forenoon heard artillery firing to our right and rear. Halted at 2 p. m. for dinner.

