
Started again at 4. 30, and at 6 p. m. halted for the night, and this regiment went on picket. Marched yesterday and to-day about seventeen miles. Monday, December 5, leaving camp at 9. 15 a. m., marched steadily until 8. 45 p. m. Distance marched fifteen miles. Tuesday, December 6, started at 9 a. m., marching in near of brigade wagon train. Were delayed much during the day by obstructions placed in the roads by the enemy. Went into camp at 8. 45 p. m., having marched about nine miles. Wednesday, December 7, moved at 7 a. m., marching through swamps nearly all day. At 5 p. m. Crossed Turkey Branch, and encamped at 6. 30 p. m. Marched nine miles. Thursday, December 8, marched at 7. 15 a. m. in advance of the train. Roads better to-day than usual. Encamped at 4. 45 p. m., after having marched about twelve miles. Friday, December 9, left camp at 8. 15 a. m. Cannonading heard on our right, apparently in the direction of Savannah. Troops of First Division had a slight skirmish with the enemy, driving them from two small forts. Marched about six miles. Saturday, December 10, left camp at 9. 40 a. m., First and Third Divisions in advance. Marched on an excellent turnpike road leading directly to Savannah. Artillery firing heard more or less all day. After having marched about nine miles. at 3. 45 p. m. brigade was formed in two lines of battle, and we encamped for the night.

Sunday, December 11, were in line at 7. 30 a. m, and after marching about a mile on the main road, filed left on a cross-road, and again filing left from the cross-road the regiment was deployed as skirmishers. The extreme right and left of the line were well advanced, and the regiment was then advanced with extreme caution toward some negro houses, about a dozen in number, when the line was straightened, and we then found we were in close proximity to the enemy's skirmishers, and shots were exchanged lively. It was not deemed prudent to advance the line farther, owing to its exposing the left flank, and on communicating with Colonel Barnum,, commanding brigade, he promptly sent the One hundred and second New York Veteran Volunteers, which deployed and connected on my left. About 2 p. m. it was deemed advisable to charge and drive them, if possible, from the ruins of some buildings, which afforded them a desirable shelter. One company of the One hundred and second started with a yell which this regiment took up, and advancing rapidly soon drove them inside their works. Our line was established within about 200 yards of their works. This regiment lost 1 sergeant killed; 2 privates wounded. Monday, December 12, at 1 a. m. we were ordered to "fall in," as our brigade were to charge the works in our front. The arrangements were completed at about 4 a. m., when the order was countermanded. The enemy shelled us at different times during the day. Weather very cold. Tuesday, December 13, skirmish and artillery firing was quite brisk by the enemy all day. We were very busy in strengthening our works, and at night established skirmish pits in our front. Wednesday, December 14, remained in same position all day. Order received from Major-General Sherman announcing the capture of Fort McAllister by the Second Division, Fifteenth Corps, thereby opening communications with the fleet and General Foster. Thursday, December 15, nothing unusual occurred this day. Friday, December 16, a rebel gun-boat came up the river to-day and fired several shots very near us. At night a fort was laid out near the bank of the river on our left Saturday, December 17, received first mail from the North since leaving Atlanta

Monday, December 19, fresh hard bread was issued to-day, causing a feeling of general satisfaction among the men. A mail left the bri-

