
gade. Tuesday, December 20, at dark the regiment was detailed to work on a fort in front of the right of out brigade, called Fort Numbers 3, where we worked until 1. 30 a. m., on Wednesday, December 21, when, it being completed, we returned to camp, and soon after noticed signs of the enemy's evacuation of the city, which was ascertained, by Colonel Barnum sending a detail of ten men from the One hundred and second New York Veteran Volunteers across to their works, under command of gade moved forward immediately, occupying their works, and from thence moved directly into the city, arriving at the City Hall at 6. 15 a m., when the brigade was formed in column by regiments, and Brigadier General John W. Geary, commanding division, took formal possession of the city, complimenting our brave brigade and its courteous and thorough commander in a fine speech, and soon after Colonel H. A. Barnum addressed the brigade in a neat and appropriate speech. We were soon after assigned to duty as provost-guard.

Thus closed one of the most gigantic and successful campaigns ever projected and most certainly ever participated in by this regiment.

The casualties of this regiment during the campaign are as follows: Enlisted men - killed, 1; wounded, 8; missing, 4; total, 13.

Respectfully submitted.

K. S. VAN VOORHIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain O. T. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 117. Report of Major Nicholas Grumbach, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Infantry. HEADQUARTERS 149TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, Savannah, GA., December 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

November 15, the regiment left their camp at Atlanta at 7 a. m. with 16 officers, 244 musket-bearing men, 46 daily duty men, musicians, and non-commissioned staff, being an aggregate of 306 men, and marched to near Stone Mountain, and bivouacked at 4 a. m. of the 16th. November 16, marched at 7 a. m, crossed Yellow River at 12. 30 p. m., and bivouacked at 5. 30 p. m. at Little field. November 17, marched at 5 a. m. ; bivouacked at 4. 30 p. m. near Ulcofauhachee River at 7 a. m; passed through Social Circle and halted for dinner at Ridgeway, fifty-seven miles from Atlanta; regiment and brigade guarding train; bivouacked at 6 p. m. one mile from Madison. November 19, marched at 5 a. m. Regiment, brigade, and division left the corps and went on an expedition by themselves. our brigade was second in line and halted at 2 p. m. until the Second Brigade, which was in the advance, destroyed a large section of the Augusta railroad. Bivouacked at 3. 30 p. m. on a large plantation at Blue Spring. Destroyed about 80 rods

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations about Atlanta, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 678.

---------------

