
bivouacked in the field. December 6, marched at 8. 30 a. m; found the roads much obstructed by trees fallen across them - the work of rebels. Bivouacked in the field at 8 p. m. December 7, marched at 7 a. m., our brigade in advance of division; went into camp for the night near Springfield; regiment on picket. December 8, pickets recalled at 7 a. m. and regiment in rear of division. Marched to near Middleton's Mills and bivouacked at 4. 30 p. m. December 9, marched at 7. 30 a. m. Cannonading heard most of the day. At 3 p. m. our regiment, brigade, and division were formed in line of battle on the west side of a swamp, four miles from Monteith. The road through the swamp was blockaded by the rebels and was commanded also by fort. the rebel force was flanked by two regiments crossing the swamp, one on each side of the road, and the rebels were thereby forced to retreat. At 4 p. m. we advanced and bivouacked in the swamp until December 10; marched at 8. 30 a. m., regiment and brigade guarding wagon train. Passed the fort and obstructions in the road, crossed the Charleston and Savannah Railroad, and moved down on the main road between the railroad and Savannah River to within five miles of Savannah and bivouacked.

December 11, at 8 a. m. advanced toward the city and drove the enemy into their works. The siege of Savannah commenced. Our regiment occupied a ditch and formed breast-works of it. Were ordered our at 1 o'clock in the night to charge the enemy's works, but the order was countermanded and the troops returned to our own works. Regiment remained in the works until the 15th without any casualties. On the 15th Ezra Hall, of Company H, was wounded by a piece of shell. This was the first and only man wounded during the campaign. Regiment remained in our works, picketing our own front and under an almost incessant fire of shell from the rebel batteries, until the morning of December 21. At 2 a. m. it was discovered that the rebels had evacuated their works and were retreating. Our division advanced at 3 a. m. toward the city, our regiment the advance guard. Companies B and F were sent forward s skirmishers and entered the city at 5 a. m., closely followed by the rest of the division, and the city was surrendered and at once taken possession of by our forces. In the haste of the regiment to leave their works and enter the city the men left everything behind except arms and accouterments, and the One hundred and forty-ninth had the proud honor of first entering the city of Savannah.

Casualties: Wounded, 1; left on the march sick, 2; sent to hospital sick, 4; died from disease on march, 1; fell out on march, whereabouts unknown, 2; total, 10.

The regiment left Atlanta in excellent spirits and health and full of confidence of the march and while in the trenches before the city was worthy of the cause for which we are fighting, and was such as commanded admiration from their commanders, and demonstrated that the utmost confidence exists between our generals and the Union soldiers.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

NICHOLAS GRUMBACH,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain O. T. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

21 R R - VOL XLIV

