
Numbers 118. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel M. Zulich, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania infantry. HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS., Savannah, GA., December 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report, in compliance with orders form brigade headquarters received December 23, 1864:

November 15, 1864, broke camp at 7 a. m. ; took the Decatur road and marched, in connection with the brigade, as rear guard to division train and reached camp at 4 a. m. 16th, beyond and to the right of Stone Mountain, some fifteen miles from Atlanta. 16th, received orders and took up line of march at 6 a. m., still acting as guard to division train; crossed the Yellow and Stone Rivers and Haynes Creek; marched about fourteen miles and bivouacked for the night. 17th, took up line of march, the division and brigade having the advance, and made a march of eighteen miles and bivouacked within two miles of Social Circle. 18th, broke camp at 6 a. m. ; this regiment on the left of the brigade; the division still the advancing column; crossed the Little Haynes creek, passed through the post villages of Social Circle and Rutledge; bivouacked near the town of Madison, having marched some seventeen miles. 19th, took up the line of march before the break of day; passed through the town of Madison; halted for dinner at Buck Head Station; the division having separated from the corps and train, taking a different but converging road, halted for the nigh at Blue Spring, on the plantation of General Jordan. At this point the command was turned our to destroy miles. A large amount of cotton (150 bales) and corn ready for shipment, on the plantation of General Jordan, was destroyed by fire by order of General Geary, commanding the division. 20th, broke camp at 7 a. m., this regiment being the advance guard of the column. After striking the Oconee River the column marched down this stream upon the west bank, passing through the village of Oconee; bivouacked at Denham's, a large and extensive Government boot, shoe, and tannery establishment; the regiment, in connection with the Onrty-ninth New York Volunteers, being on picket; marched about fourteen miles. 21st, took up line of march at 8 a. m. ; the brigade destroyed, by General Geary's orders, the tannery and workshops at Denham's; the roads heavy and incessant rain during the entire day; marched twelve miles an bivouacked on Doctor Wesley's plantation. 22d, marched at 7 a. m. ; crossed the Little River on pontoons and joined the corps at Milledgeville, the capital of Georgia; marched about fifteen miles, crossed the Oconee, and reached camp about 9 p. m. and bivouacked for the night. 23d, remained in camp until 2 p. m., when the brigade and regiment, in connection with Third [First] Brigade (Colonel Selfridge), First Division, were ordered to destroy several miles of the Gordon railroad, which was successfully accomplished; reached camp at 5 p. m. 24th, broke camp at 7 a. m. ; crossed Town Creek and encamped for the night near Gum Creek, having marched twelve miles. 25th, moved at 9 a. m. ; passed through the town of Hebron; halted while nine bridges were repaired over the swamps at this point, which had been destroyed by a citizen by the name of Tucker. The bridges having been repaired, took up line of march about 8 p. m. ; crossed the swamps and bivouacked for the night, having marched about eight miles. 26th, moved at 7 a. m. ;

