
12th, the enemy kept up a brisk artillery fire, which was only responded to by the skirmish line on our front. At 11 p. m. received orders to prepare to charge the enemy's works. The position of the regiments were changed, and the Twenty-ninth ordered to take the extreme left and charge the enemy's works on the river beach. The regiment took up its assigned position at 2 a. m., and at 4 a. m. was ordered into the intrenchments, the assault having been abandoned. 13th, heavy firing all day from the enemy with shot and shell. 14th, firing all day from the enemy. Received news of the capture of Fort McAllister. 15th, things unusually quiet. 16th, heavy firing from the enemy; 2 men wounded, both

seriously. 17th, firing from the enemy unusually heavy; 2 enlisted men killed, 4 wounded (1 mortally), and 1 commissioned officer, Captain Beaumont, wounded in left leg. 18th, 19th, and 20th, nothing worthy of note. 21st. received notice to fall in at 2 a. m. ; that to the enemy had abandoned their works. Took up line of march, crossed to the enemy's lines, and pressed at once for the city, which we entered at 6 a. m., the Third Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Corps, being in advance of all other troops belonging to the Federal army.

I take this opportunity of expressing my thanks to Captain Sykes Beaumont, of Company E, a brave and efficient officer, who through the entire campaign has rendered me valuable assistance, the wound he received on Saturday, December 17, having resulted in the loss of his left leg, and will probably prove fatal to life.

I also inclose the following report of casualties. *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL M. ZULICH,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Vols.

Captain O. T. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 119. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas m. Walker, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations September 3 - December 21.
HDQRS. 111TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOLS.,Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, in obedience to Special Orders Numbers 97, the operations of my regiment from the capture of Atlanta to the occupation of Savannah.

September 3, 1864, by direction of the general commanding the corps, the One hundred and eleventh was detailed as one of the regiments of provost guard, and ordered to report to the commander of the post at Atlanta. We remained on this duty until the afternoon of November 16, when the regiments of provost guard, under command of Colonel William Cogswell, took up their march as rear guard to the Fourteenth Corps. Everything having been moved through Atlanta, we marched via Decatur, and encamped ten miles from Atlanta. November 17, moved at 7 a. m. via Lithonia, and camped at Conyers Station 8. 30 p. m. ; distance, sixteen miles. November 18, moved at 9 a. m. in rear of Fourteenth Corps; crossed Yellow River and encamped for the night on the east bank; distance marched, eight miles. November 19, moved at 7 a. m. via Covington; crossed the Ulcofauhachee River and encamped for the night at 5. 30 p. m. ; distance, ten miles. November 20, moved at 7 a. m. via New-

---------------

*Normal list (omitted) shows 2 killed, 7 wounded.

---------------

