
Big Creek, where the enemy had destroyed bridge; Second Brigade left at the Ogeechee to guard the pontoon train. November 30, remained in camp all day. By order of Major-General Slocum, commanding Left Wing, moved up Second Brigade and pontoon train; heavy fog settled at night; almost impossible to see five feet ahead. The brigade and trains came into camp at 12 o'clock (midnight).

December 1, marched at 1 p. m., division in rear of corps, in charge of cavalry train and General Carlin's train of Fourteenth Corps, Colonel Selfridge's brigade, of First Division, assisting this division to guard the increased train. Marched eight miles; rear in about 3 a. m. December 2 still in rear and in charge of same trains. Marched toward Buck Head Creek; camped within one mile of that stream about dark; ordered to cross that night; order countermanded at 9 p. m. December 3, crossed Buck Head Creek to move ahead of Second in rear of First Division. General Carlin's train ordered to report to its own division. Cavalry train and my Second Brigade ordered to reports to General Geary. Moved across Millen and Augusta Railroad, leaving stockade to left; detached First Brigade to destroy railroad; effectually destroyed about four miles by piling fence rails on the track and setting them on fire. Moved into camp near Big Horse Creek; the First Brigade coming in about 11 p. m. December 4, moved second division in line, went into camp at cross-roads, six miles from Sylvania. December 5, marched at 7 a. m. ; passed First Division. Marched eight miles on Springfield road; went into camp at 1 p. m. Second Brigade joined the division about 7 p. m., having marched fifteen miles. December 6, marched in advance of corps fourteen miles; camped at 3 p. m. ten miles northwest of Springfield. December 7, marched again in advance. First Brigade, in advance, went into Springfield; balance of division camped one mile west of the town. Pioneers cleared the road of trees felled by enemy and built foot bridge across Jack's Branch. December 8, division in charge of corps trains; ordered to cross the branch, mass troops, and park trains around the town; 2 p. m., ordered to move at once; roads terrible. Head of column went into camp at forks of road, only six miles, but the rear of column did not come in until 8. 45 o'clock the next morning. December 9, detailed Eighty-fifth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Crane commanding, to repair roads ahead of trains. Had orders, if possible, to overtake troops of First and Second Divisions. Moved by Mount Zion Church; marched fifteen miles. Camped in rear of corps, fifteen miles and a half from Savannah. December 10, broke camp at 6. 30 a. m. to march in rear of First Division. Moved on main road to Monteith (Ten-mile station, Savannah and Charleston Railroad). Here the General Jackson command was busily employed destroying the track. My division was ordered forward to protect the working party; threw First Brigade in line of battle near Cherokee Hill; received orders to move forward until I came to opposition; was not checked until within four miles and a half of Savannah. here we ran upon the enemy's works; halted; ordered to form two brigades on right of Jonesville road and to hold one in reserve; this was done: First and Third Brigades in first line; Second Brigade in camp in rear. My left connected with right of First Division; my right with left of Fourteenth Army Corps. The enemy made no demonstration worthy of notice. He fired heavy guns freely, but they did little or no damage.

December 11, order from General Williams, commanding Twentieth Corps, to send regiment over to Savannah River. Colonel Dustin,

