
commanding Second Brigade, sent Twenty-second Wisconsin, Lieutenant-Colonel Bloodgood commanding. This regiment supported Captain Winegar's battery which, on the 13th [12th] instant, disabled the rebel transport Resolute to such a degree that she fell into our hands. A crew from the Twenty-second Wisconsin was put aboard of her and ran her up to within the week just past. On the 14th instant two regiments were detailed from Second Brigades as escort to a train sent into the country from corps headquarters; they returned same night. December 15, received orders to relieve Carman's brigade, of General Jackson's division. December 16, Colonel Dustin, commanding Second Brigade, relieved Colonel Carman on left of Louisville road at daybreak; the line very long, about 700 yards, and only three regiments to hold it. Colonel Dustin was ordered to complete the works and place his command in as strong position as possible. The brigades at this time were stationed as follows; Third Brigade on the right, First in center, Second on the left, covering a front of about one mile and a half. they retained this position until the evacuation of Savannah. By order of the corps commander the front of this position was frequently and thoroughly investigated. Every avenue of approach to the enemy's lines was ascertained, and reports of these investigations were promptly forwarded to Lieutenant-Colonel Perkins, assistant adjutant-General of the corps. On the morning of December 21, before day, I was notified that the enemy had left his works, that General Geary was in them; I was ordered to push my skirmish line forward to the city and to occupy the rebel pits with my line of battle; this was done. At 11 a. m. I received orders to put my command in camp west of the canal; the troops went in at once, Third Brigade on right, Second in center, First on left, wagon trains parked in rear of troops.

During the march from Atlanta to Savannah my command was subsisted almost entirely from the country. The report of my commissary, and those of my brigade commanders, will show how little we depended greatly preferable to the army rations. Vegetables, especially sweet potatoes, were abundant, and at no former period has my command been so healthy as it was on reaching Savannah. The quartermaster's reports will show the number of mules and horses taken, and the comparative condition of transportation on leaving Atlanta and on reaching Savannah. Had it not been for the numbers of animals seized, more than half the train must have been abandoned; as it was, the class of animals is not only improved, but they are in fine condition, and with proper feeding are ready for another campaign at any time. As to the amount of cotton destroyed, I think that 5. 000 bales would not be an overestimate. Of course, I allow a margin for the unauthorized burning by foraging parties. The amount may have been more than that given as we kept no record of the amount burned. One thing I am sure of, there was not much left behind us.

Inclosed I transmit brigade, regimental, quartermaster, and commissary of subsistence reports. The report of the Seventy-ninth Ohio is not yet in, that regiment having been detailed since December 19, 1864.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. T. WARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Div., Twentieth Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps.

