
December 10. -Moved about five miles, skirmishing some; fortified in the night.

December 11. -Moved to right, being relieved by Fourteenth Corps.

December 12. -Moved all day and night, encamping near Anderson's plantation; Second Brigade went to Dillon's Bridge.

December 13 to 15-Lay in camp.

December 16. -In obedience to orders, the division broke camp and marched to King's Bridge and encamped.

December 17. -Marched twenty miles (having no rations); encamped at Midway Church.

December 18. -Destroyed eighteen miles of the Atlantic and Gulf Railroad, including trestle and portions of bridge across the Altamaha River.

December 19. -Continued destroying railroad.

December 20. -Marched back to Midway Church, twenty miles.

December 21. -Reached former camp near Anderson's plantation, having marched twenty miles. Savannah evacuated by the rebels last night and occupied by our army this morning.

December 22. -Removed camp one mile and a half toward the city.

December 23. -In camp.

December 24. -Moved through Savannah to three miles east of city.

December 25 and 26. -In camp.

December 27. -Moved headquarters one mile, to Thunderbolt.

December 28. -Contemplated review postponed on account of rain.

December 29. -General Sherman reviewed Seventeenth Army Corps.

December 30 and 31. -In camp.

The Second Brigade, for the balance of the month after the 12th, was at Dillon's Bridge.

Second Brigade, First Division.

December 1. -The brigade was encamped on the east bank of the Ogeechee, at Station Numbers 9 1/2, on the Georgia Railroad; at 7 a. M. began destruction of railroad and destroyed three miles and a half; went into camp about 2 p. M., having marched six miles.

December 2. -Marched at 7 a. M. and reached Buck Head (or Deep) Creek, at 1 p. M., which we immediately crossed and encamped at Millen.

December 3. -Destroyed railroad south from Millen more thorough and devilish than was ever dreamed of.

December 4. -Marched at 8 a. M. ; heard some cannonading in rear about 10 a. M.

December 5. -Marched at 7 a. M., the Second Brigade in the advance, reaching the Little Ogeechee at 12 m. ; found the enemy disputing our passage. He was soon dislodged by the Thirty-fifth New Jersey Volunteers and Forty-third Ohio Veteran Volunteers crossing as skirmishers, we encamping east of the stream. The enemy had thrown up works.

December 6. -Destroyed railroad all day, remaining in same cap as yesterday.

December 7. -Marched about 9 a. M., the Second Brigade in rear of trains. Continued march all night over miserable roads through quicksand bottoms.

December 8. -Marched at 9 a. M. and encamped about 10 p. M. twenty-one miles from Savannah, on the farm of Mr. Hines, a rebel quartermaster.

3 R R-VOL XLIV

