
Savannah and connecting on the right with the Third Brigade near the Charleston and Savannah Railroad. The rebel works on our front were a continuous line of breast-works, strongly built, with heavy head logs, and extended at right angles with the road. In the road was a strong bastion with two embrasures, in which were two long 32-pounder cannon (old style). After dark I reconnoitered the works, and advanced, which 300 yards of the works and found them weakly maned, which I reported to the division commander. By direction of the division commander on the night of the 11th instant I established a squad of sharpshooters on the Savannah road, covering the guns in the embrasures and did not appear again during the investment. In obedience to orders received I reconnoitered the position of the enemy in my front during the night time from the 15th to the 19th, and found a swamp or pond of water extending its entire length, varying in depth from two to three feet and a half, and the enemy weak, which I also reported to the division commander, and I which report I also expressed the opinion that I could easily carry this position by assault. At daybreak on the 21st instant I received orders to advance my command, under the supposition that the enemy had evacuated his position. I immediately ordered my picket-line forward to his line of works in my front that the enemy had retired, leaving the guns above mentioned in our possession. When informed of this I immediately ordered a guard over the guns and a small quantity of ammunition designed for their use, which guard was relieved by the division picket on the evening of the same day. We moved forward at 8 a. m. from the enemy's works to our present encampment on the north side of the Charleston and Savannah Railroad.

I here beg leave to state that on the 3rd day of December I was ordered to proceed north of Millen for the purpose of destroying a part of the Augusta railroad, and was so employed with my entire command for five hours, and burned and destroyed four miles of that road. At other different times during the march my bridge destroyed about two miles of railroad, making in all about nine miles and a half of railroad destroyed by my command.

I am gratified to be able to speak of the general good conduct of my men and their uniform cheerfulness to perform all labor and duty required of them.

Respectfully submitted.

F. C. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General WARD,

Commanding Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 122. Report of Major Hiland Clay, One hundred and second Illinois Infantry. HEADQUARTERS 102nd Illinois VOLUNTEERS, December 24, 1864.

SIR: *

On the following day [November 15] marched with the corps on the great raid through Georgia. During the campaign the regiment ob-

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations about Atlanta, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 684

---------------

