
tained its full share of subsistence from the country, consisting of flour, meal, molasses, yams, pork, chickens, turkeys, butter, honey, wine, whisky, and a variety of other articles too numerous to mention here. I think the regiment obtained from the country twice the amount of subsistence that would have been necessary to supply the men during on the way, as the men could not well carry more than what their haversacks would hold.

During the raid the regiment captured horses, mules, and cattle as follows: Horses, 78; mules, 68; cattle, 88.

The loss sustained by the regiment in men was 3 captured. 1 severely wounded.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

H. H. CLAY,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. H. TREGO,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 123. Report of Major Henry d. Brown, One hundred and fifth Illinois Infantry. HEADQUARTERS 105TH Illinois INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

SIR: *

At noon on the 15th of November left Atlanta, marching out in the direction of Decatur on the Decatur pike. On the march my command passed through the towns of Decatur and Lithonia on the 15th and 16th of November, crossing a branch of the Ocmulgee River near the latter place, Social Circle and Rutledge Station on the Augusta branch of Georgia Central Railroad on the 18th, Madison on the 19th, leaving the railroad at Madison and passing through Eatonton, a point at the terminus of a branch of the railroad running from Milledgeville. Entered Milledgeville on the 22nd and laid over until the morning of the 24th. on the 26th arrived at Sandersville, on the left of the Georgia Central Railroad. On the 30th laid over.

On the 7th of December arrived at Springfield. On the 8th laid over until dark at Springfield. On the 10th moved up within four miles and a half of Savannah, and, meeting the enemy's pickets, a line was formed on the right of the road; my regiment, with the exception of portion of the One hundred and second [Illinois], was one the right of the line. The march was concluded on the twenty-sixth day out from Atlanta. On the 11th and 12th lines.

During the march forage was abundant and regular details were made to secure it. Then men and officers subsisted almost entirely from the country. At Milledgeville my command was detailed and assisted in the destruction of rebel property. Several thousand stand of arms were destroyed, together with a quantity of ammunition; also

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations about Atlanta, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 685.

---------------

