
twenty casks of salt, which were thrown into the river. While before Savannah my command threw up two lines of breast-works on the 17th and 20th instant.

Captain Forsyth, of Company H, was sent out in charge of ten men on a reconnaissance, on the night of the 18th instant, in front of the One hundred and fifth Regiment and on the right of the brigade. he proceeded to within twenty yards of the enemy's line, encountering a deep swamp in front of their works. He observed their fires and heard them talk. After drawing their fire, he returned with his men, having accomplished all that was practicable in the darkness of the night. The entire distance marched by my regiment cannot exactly be arrived at, but it will not fall far short of 400 miles.

The general good conduct of officers and men I am pleased to commend to your favorable consideration, especially on account of the manner in which they bore the fatigue and privations of a long march.

Hoping that the above may prove satisfactory, I have the honor to be,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. BROWN,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant A. H. TREGO,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 124. Report of Colonel Henry Case, One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry. HEADQUARTERS 129TH Illinois VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY, Savannah, Ga., December 25, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In response to the order requiring me to make a report of the recent campaign, with approximate estimates of forage, horses, mules, &amp;c., captured, so far as my regiment is concerned, I submit the following:

While our brigade was in camp at Chattahoochee bridge I was in charge of only one forage expedition. The amount of corn obtained on that expedition was about 4,500 bushels.

During the afternoon of 13th of November my regiment completely destroyed about half a mile of the railroad lying between the Chattahoochee river and Atlanta. Our brigade broke camp the next morning and proceeded to Atlanta, and marched thence, on the recent campaign, on the 15th of November. Proceeding easterly we arrived at Madison on the 18th; thence we moved in a southeasterly direction and reached Milledgeville on the 22d. We marched thence on the 24th, and passed through Sandersville on the 25th, Louisville on the 29th; rested the 30th.

Passed Buck Head Church December 3 in the morning, and on the same day our brigade destroyed about one mile and a half of the railroad leading from Milen to Augusta; reached Turkey Creek about 4 p. m. December 6, and arrived within shelling distance of the works of the enemy, four miles from Savannah, about 10 a. m. on the 10th instant. Here the head of the column halted, and my regiment was sent forward, deployed as skirmishers, to reconnoiter the works of the enemy. I advanced to within eighty rods, when coming within full view of their works and encountering a heavy abatis on my left and wide and deep swamp on mu right, I halted my skirmish line; was relieved at 9 p. m. same day, and went into camp with the brigade that night about

