
one mile and a quarter behind the skirmish line previously held by my regiment. Our forces remained here in camp until the 21st instant, when, the enemy having evacuated Savannah, we came into the city and encamped in our present position.

The distance marched by us, from the Chattahoochee to Savannah, was 280 miles.

No casualties in my regiment, except Private Davis, Company A, was accidentally shot by some one foraging near the road November 18, and died that night; also a py F was accidentally shot in camp, but not mortally.

It will be very difficult for me to give estimates of horses, mules, forage, &amp;c., captured by my command during the march, but the following will at least approximate the actual results: Corn seized, 100 bushels; blade fodder, 1,500 pounds; rice, 1,000 pounds; fresh pork, 8,000 pounds; sweet potatoes, 50 bushels; molasses, 100 gallons; horses, 8; mules (quartermaster's department), 12; mules and horses for companies, 15. Of this number many were turned into brigade headquarter by orders, and afterward some were killed, as I understand, but the exact number I cannot now state.

Very respectfully,

H. CASE,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant A. H. TREGO,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th army Corps.

Numbers 125. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Merrill, Seventieth Indiana Infantry. HDQRS. SEVENTIETH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY, Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 1st day of November I resumed the command of the Seventieth Indiana, which, for six weeks previous, had been in charge of major Z. S. Ragan. At that date the aggregate present of the regiment was 413, which was increased to 532 on the 5th by an addition caused by a consolidation with the Twenty-seventh Indiana. On the 14th we left the Chattahoochee River, reaching Atlanta the same day. On the 15th, the time of moving from Atlanta, there were nine animals in my possession, for which, in the fifteen days previous, there had been drawn only three day's rations, but forage was collected from the country to supply their wants.

the number of rations issued to the men of the command I have no means of ascertaining. Since the organization of the regiment the supply of food has never been so abundant as during the recent campaign.

The health of the command has been excellent, the average number unfit for duty being less than 1 in 100.

The daily report of the regiment has been no casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. MERRILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Seventieth Indiana Volunteers.

Lieutenant A. H. TREGO,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

