
Hebron road; Third Division in rear, Second Brigade in center; roads generally fair; marched until 3 next morning, making but twelve miles. November 25, rested three hours, moving again at 6 a. m., Third Division in advance, Second Brigade in advance of division; moved through Hebron to Buffalo Creek, where our advance of exchanged a few shots with the enemy; went into camp, all the trains having crossed the creek except those of the Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps. November 26, broke camp at 6 a. m., crossing the creek at 10 a. m. and halting for the pontoon bridge to be taken up; moved forward to Sandersville, Third Division in rear, Second Brigade in rear, reaching Sandersville at 4. 30 p. m. At this place our column was joined by the Fourteenth Corps from the left. November 27, broke camp at 7 a. m., the Third Division taking charge of the trains of the whole corps, the First and Second Divisions being detached destroying railroad track, Second Brigade in center of the Central railroad, arriving at Davisborough at 7 p. m. November 28, marched at 6 a. m. on Louisville road, Second Brigade in advance, First and Second Division still at work upon the railroad; arrived at the Ogeechee River at 12 m. ; the bridge having been destroyed by the enemy, the column was halted, an the brigade went into camp in good season with orders to be ready to move at 8 next morning. November 29, detained by crossing of trains until 10 p. m., when the brigade crossed, and, under orders, went into camp, remaining to guard rear of train and pontoon bridge and train. November 30, remained in camp until 7 p. m., when the brigade moved forward, taking pontoon train; crossed, Rocky Comfort Creek, passed through Louisville at 9 p. m, and encamped about 12 m. near Dry Creek, three miles east of Louisville.

December 1, remained in camp, waiting for the passage of the trains, until 3 p. m. Brought up trains of Twentieth Corpsourteenth Corps, and General Kilpatrick's cavalry; Third Division in rear, Second Brigade in center. Crossed Big Creek and went into camp at midnight about one mile east of the crossing, having made eight miles during the day. December 2, moved at daylight, crossing Baker's Creek and passing through the most difficult swamp yet found; Third Division in rear, Second Brigade in advance of division; roads good, except the swamp just mentioned. Went into camp at dark near Jones' Creek, about one mile west of Buck Head Creek, having marched fifteen miles. December 3, moved at 7 a. m., the brigade having marched fifteen miles. December 3, moved at 7 a. m., the brigade having been ordered to report to General Geary, commanding Second Division. By his orders took charge of cavalry train of 240 wagons, crossed Buck Head Creek; passed Millen prison camp about noon, leaving Millen to the south; crossed the Augusta and Millen Railroad about dark, taking the Sylvania road, and going into camp about midnight four miles east of Millen December 4, broke camp at 6. 30 a. m., crossed Big Horn and Little Horn Creeks, still guarding cavalry train; marched eight miles. December 5, moved at 6. 30 a. m. in the same orders as for the past two days; rejoined the division and went into camp at 7 p. m., having marched fifteen miles. December 6, broke camp at 6 a. m., Third Division in advance, Second Brigade in advance of division; moved about thirteen miles, going into camp at 3 p. m. in a pine forest ten miles northwest of Springfield. December 7, broke camp at 8 a. m., Third Division in advance, Second Brigade in rear; crossed Turkey Creek, marched ten miles, an went into camp near Springfield at 4 p. m. December 8, remained in camp until noon for the First and Second

