
Divisions to pass; moved six miles, Second Brigade in center of division; went into camp about 11 p. m. December 9, broke camp at daylight, Second Brigade in advance; Eighty-fifth Indiana was detached and send forward to repair the roads for the trains. The work was severe and constant, and the faithful manner in which it was performed was very creditable to the officers and men of the regiment. Moved fourteen miles, and went into camp at dark sixteen miles from Savannah. December 10, broke camp at 7 a. m., and marched to within five miles of Savannah on the Savannah and Augusta dirt road, crossing the Charleston and Savannah Railroad ten miles from the latter place. here our advance, coming upon the enemy's troops, went into position. The Second Brigade being in reserve, went into camp in good season in rear of the line of the first and Third Brigades of our division.

December 11, remained in position until dark. In obedience to orders from corps headquarters the Twenty-second Wisconsin was detached and sent to Gibbon's plantation, on the Savannah River, to support a battery and blockade the river. At dark the brigade moved forward into the third Brigade, midway between the dirt and rail road, the general direction of the line of battle being nearly north and south. December 12, remained in position. December 13 [12], the battery supported by the Twenty-second Wisconsin attacked three boats attempting to pass the blockade - one being a gun-boat, the other two side wheels; one armed. The unarmed boat was soon disabled by the battery, and the other two abandoned her, our forces immediately taking possession of her and her and her crew. The Twenty-second Wisconsin at the river took possession of rice mills on the river, and by details from the regiment commenced operating them, contributing very materially toward relieving the embarrassment of the subsistence department on account of the scarcity of supplies. This work was energetically prosecuted under direction of Lieutenant Harbert, acting commissary of subsistence of the Second Brigade, by details from the brigade. Line of battle corrected and advanced, Second Brigade again in reserve. December 14, by direction from corps headquarters two regiments, Eighty-fifth Indiana and Nineteenth Michigan, Colonel Crane commanding, made an expedition eight miles and half into the country with twenty-four wagons, returning in eight hours with the wagons loaded with staves. December 15, remained in position. December 16, at 7 a. m. brigade moved to left of the Augusta dirt road, occupying partially completed works just then evacuated by the Second Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Army Corps (Colonel Carman), connecting on the right with the First Brigade of our division and on the left with the First Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Army Corps. Picket-line 500 yards in advance of line of battle, and within 500 yards of the enemy's line of battle. December 17, remained in position. Details from the regiments were set to work, and the unfinished breastworks in front of the brigade put in good condition for defense. December 18, received the following order from division headquarters:

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

Near Savannah, Ga., December 18, 1864.

To-night each brigade commander will send out to his front a reconnoitering party to ascertain every avenue to the enemy's position. A written report of the investigation will be sent to these headquarters by 9 a. m. to-morrow.

By command of Brigadier General W. T. Ward:

JOHN SPEED,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

