
November 26, 1864 (the bridge was finished 25th, night), the brigade crossed the bridge, the Thirty-third on left center of the brigade After crossing the creek, halted till after dinner; moved on again, reaching Sandersville about dark. November 27, 1864, this morning moved from Sandersville in solid column about three miles, and halted on the right of the road till afternoon, when we again deployed along the train. Reached Davisborough Station, on the Macon and Savannah Railroad, about 8 p. m., and went into camp for the night. November 28, 1864, moved out before daylight, Thirty-third Indiana in advance of the brigade; Companies F, D, I, and C were advanced guards, under command of Major Niederauer. As the advance approached the Ogeechee River they were fired into by the enemy from the opposite side of the river, who succeeded in burning the river bridge. The brigade was immediately moved out on the left of the road in an open field, the Thirty-third Indiana in the advance line. The brigade stacked arms, and remained in line of battle until near dark, when they moved to the rear about a quarter of a mile and went into camp in a single line of battle, Thirty-third in rear of the brigade. We halted in line of battle on left of road, facing to the rear to guard against surprise. Company H was sent out as flankers on or right; we here waited until about 10 p. m., when all the brigade, except the Thirty-third, crossed the river. The Thirty-third was left on the west side as guards for the pontoon brigade. The pickets were soon posted and the regiment lay down to rest 11 p. m. November 30, 1864, we remained in camp until about 6 p. m., and were ordered to cross the river. After crossing, the bridge was taken up without interruption. We had to pass through a swamp about half a mile in width. During the day we had to pass through several severe swamps. We passed through Louisville, Jefferson Country, in the evening. Later in the night a dense fog made the march very slow, and it was with much difficulty that we could keep together. Went into camp 1 a. m.

December 1, 1864, a foraging party was sent out from the Thirty-third, which was successful in getting subsistence for the whole brigade. Still we have swamps to pass on the road. Went into camp about 12 m. at night. December 2, 1864, moved out about day, the brigade in advance of corps and the Thirty-third in advance of brigade; the roads were better than usual; went into camp about 9 p. m. December 3, 1864, the brigade deployed along the wagon train. The Thirty-third Indiana, in rear of the brigade, halted a short time about 1 p. m., moved on till 2 a. m., then bivouacked for the night. December 4, 1864, the brigade was deployed through the train. We were delayed about an hour, waiting the completion of a bridge across the swamp. We crossed late in the evening and went into camp. December 5, 1864, during the forepart of the day the regiment was deployed along the train, but in the afternoon we marched in solid column. December 6, 1864, moved out early, the brigade. Received orders to carry four days' forage. We passed through large swamps, where forage is very scarce. The enemy blockaded the road, which delayed our movements but little, as the obstructions were easily removed. December 7, 1864, our march was more rapid to-day than usual; marched about fifteen miles and went into camp at dark. December 8, 1864, we lay in camp until afternoon. The regiment was again deployed. The Third Division detailed to guard the whole corps train. Marched in single

