
file. We passed through Springfield, county seat of Effingham County; the road runs through very bad swamps, and it was with much difficulty that we got the train along; went into camp about 10. 30 p. m. December 9, started on the march early; the road was almost impassable. The Eighty-fifth Indiana, the advance regiment, was detailed to repair roads. The Thirty-third Indiana was pushed forward on double-quick to a cross-road about one mile in advance to guard against any surprise or attack by the enemy. We came up as the rear of the Seventeenth Corps passed. Company F was stationed on the road leading in from the right about 100 yards from the crossing, and Companies G and B, under Major Niederauer, were advanced across the main road leading to Savannah about 150 yards. We were soon relieved by the Nineteenth Michigan, of the Second Brigade. We moved on the Savannah road about one mile and halted for dinner. After dinner we moved about eight miles, and went into camp for the night, camping in line of battle. The road was blockaded to-day most of the way; the enemy planted artillery on commanding points. They kept up heavy firing during the day. December 10, 1864, moved out early, Thirty-third in advance. After the brigade was on the move Companies D and I were sent out as flankers on the right and left of the road. We halted on the right of the road at noon, and lay here till 3 p. m. Moved to the right on the Savannah and Charleston Railroad. December 11, 1864, seventy-five men, under command of Captain J. T. Fleming, were detailed as foragers. About 4 p. m. the regiment moved to an advanced position. The line of battle was finally established, the left of the Thirty-third resting on the First Brigade and the right resting on the Eighty-fifth Indiana. December 12, 13, 14, and 15, we did not build any works in our front. Scarcely any picket-firing in our front. December 16, the brigade shifted to the left and went into camp in line of battle, the Thirty-third on the right, the right resting on the direct road leading to Savannah. December 17, 18, 19, and 20, during this time a straggling skirmish firing was kept up in our front. The enemy kept up almost a constant fire with artillery with but little effect. December 21, 1864, this morning about 5 we received word that the enemy were gone from our front and had evacuated Savannah. We were ordered to get ready to march immediately. We were soon on the march, the Thirty-third in the advance. The brigade halted at the first line of works in line of battle. About 10 a. m. moved out again, and by noon went into camp half a mile from the city, since which time the regiment has been engaged in building quarters, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. E. BURTON,

Lieutenant Colonel Thirty-third Indiana Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. G. KELLAM,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 128. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alexander B. Crane, Eighty-fifth Indiana Infantry. HDQRS. EIGHTY-FIFTH REGIMENT INDIANA INFANTRY, Savannah, Ga., December 23, 1864.

I have the honor to report to you, pursuant to order, the proceedings of my regiment from the occupation of Atlanta to the 21st day of De-

