
chief commissary Military Division of the Mississippi. By him it was assigned to guard and fatigue duty in the quartermaster and commissary departments, under command of Colonel Crane, One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, commanding Provisional Brigade. One company (B) was detailed for duty at Soldiers' Home. With this exception, the regiment continued upon this duty until November 14, when it was relieved by Major-General Slocum, and ordered to report to brigade. It joined the brigade November 15, as it moved from Atlanta, and from that time until December 10 participated in all the marches of the brigade, performing the usual duties of picket and train guard incident to a march.

Captain Baldwin, with his company (D), was detailed for foraging November 18; a portion of his men returned December 19; the captain, with the balance of his company, being then engaged in running a rice mill.

The regiment was not any time in action, and lost no men except one, who was left on guard at a private house November 18, since which time he has not been heard from; it is probable he is captured.

From December 10 until the 21st the regiment, with the brigade, has been camped in line about four miles from Savannah, doing the usual picket duty in front of the enemy's line. At daylight on the 21st the regiment was ordered to move toward the city, the enemy having evacuated. We marched within the rebel works and lay in line a few hours, when we again moved forward, and came to our present camp, one mile from the city.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. BAKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain A. G. KELLAM,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 130. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward Bloodgood, Twenty-second Wisconsin Infantry. HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND WISCONSIN INFANTRY VOLS., Savannah, Ga., December 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

Early on the morning of November 15 the entire corps took the Decatur dirt road, and after getting beyond the fortifications stopped for dinner, being delayed by the trains of other divisions; crossed the Atlanta and Savannah railroad about half way between Atlanta and Decatur, and marched all night, only stopping about two hours on the morning of the 16th instant for breakfast. On this day the regiment was in the advance of brigade; marched all day, crossing for night a mile east of Yellow River at Rock Bridge. 17th instant, broke camp at 3. 30 a. m., marching till dark, in an easterly direction, crossing Big Haynes Creek shortly after dinner. 18th instant, marched all day and night with train, reaching Social Circle just after sunrise. Passing through Rutledge, we tore up and burned about a mile of railroad, and camped

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations about Atlanta, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 691.

---------------

