
within eight miles of Madison. 19th instant, broke camp, and after marching a short distance commenced tearing up railroad, which we destroyed clear to Madison, and, passing through this town, went into camp three miles beyond at an early hour. 20th instant, broke camp at 8 a. m., marched all day in a southeast direction, reached camp after a hard day's march about dark, stopping near Eatonton. 21st instant, moved out through rain and mud, marching through Eatonton; traveled ten miles; reached camp at 2. 30 p. m. 22nd instant, cold and windy; lay in camp until nearly night, when we moved out, crossing Little River (a branch of the Oconee), on pontoons, guarding train. 23rd instant, reached Milledgeville, the State capital, just at daybreak; remained here in camp during the day; Weather still quite cold. 24th instant, broke camp at 8 a. m., but did not get fairly started until 3 p. m. ; crossed the Oconee River on bridge. 25th instant, marched six miles and camped on west side of Buffalo Creek. 26th instant, breaking camp at 8 a. m., reached Sandersville at an early hour, and camped for night. 27th instant, marched at 7. 30 a. m., reaching Davisborough, on the railroad, shortly after dark. 28th instant, marched at 6. 30, our brigade in advance of the corps. On reaching the Ogeechee, some twelve miles from Davisborough, found the bridges burned by the rebels, and went into camp for night; engineers and pontoniers were at once put to work, and 29th instant, the troops and trains commenced crossing. The rear of the train did not pass until nearly dark. Just at dark our brigade crossed, camping a short distance beyond the stream at 10 p. m. November 30, remained in camp all day, waiting for trains to pass, and starting at 9 in the evening, passing through Louisville, going very slowly, and camped at nearly morning, having accomplished but five miles.

December 1, remained in camp, waiting for passage of trains, untd got over five miles of miserable country at midnight. December 2, broke camp at daylight; marched fifteen miles, camping at dark in corn-field west of Jones Creek. December 3, leaving camp at an early hour, and passing near Millen and the prison pen, where our prisoners were confined, keeping north of the Savannah railroad until dark when we crossed it, and, crossing some half dozen swamps, went into camp at midnight. December 4, after a rainy night broke encampment at 7. 30 a. m. Our brigade marched as train guard; accomplished six miles over horrible roads. Cannonading can be heard in the direction of the coast. December 5, marched fifteen miles through a dead level country, heavily timbered with pine; swamps numerous. December 6, broke camp at 5 a. m., our brigade in advance of corps; camped after going but a few miles. December 7, leaving camp at 8 a. m., marched ten miles, camping near Springfield, an unimportant town. December 8, our division in the rear lay in camp until, crossed a small creek, and remaining there until sundown, reached camp at 11 p. m. December 9, broke camp at daylight; marched fourteen miles; are getting within striking distance of Savannah. December 10, marching at daylight on an excellent road, we crossed the Charleston and Savannah road ten miles from the latter place. About four miles out our advance struck the enemy's outposts, and skirmishing continued throughout the day. Troops went into position, and our brigade, being in reserve, went into camp in good season. December 11, on the morning of this day, pursuant to orders from corps headquarters, the regiment moved back on the main road, and, accompanied by Battery I, First New York Artillery, which it was to support, took a cross-road leading to the bank of the Savannah River at a point about six miles

