
On the third day we reached Social Circle, where the brigade was directed to destroy the railroad, and the regiment assisted in destroyed it for some six miles, working from 10 a. m. till dark, and then rejoined the division, ten miles in the advance. On the fourth day we reached Madison, where the regiment destroyed the switch track and some two miles of the main road, working from 9 a. m. will noon. The fifth day we reached Eatonton, and the seventh day Milledgeville, where we remained in camp, resting one day. On the 26th of November we reached Sandersville, and the following day arrived at Davisborough. The 29th we passed through Louisville, and on the 2nd of December encamped at night near Birdville.

December 3, crossed railroad near Millen, and on the 8th passed through Springfield. On the 10th we encamped in line of battle within four miles of Savannah. The 11th we moved forward nearly a mile, immediately in front of the works of the enemy, and built rifle-pits, where we remained under the fire of the artillery of the enemy till the morning of the 21st, when, in conjunction with the corps, we entered the city of Savannah without opposition, the enemy having evacuated it on the previous night.

Only one casualty occurred in the regiment while in front of the city; Lieutenant Henry Lewis, of Company K, was severely wounded in the leg. Eight enlisted men fell out on the march on the first night and have not since joined the regiment.

When we left Atlanta Company F of this regiment, under command of Captain Tarr, was detailed to report to Captain Sackett, acting commissary of subsistence of this brigade, and was engaged in foraging under his direction till we reached the works in front of Savannah, when it was relieved and rejoined the regiment. Parties were detailed daily, under the charge of a commissioned officer, to forage for the regiment, and in this way the officers and men obtained nearly all the supplies required.

Including the rations in the hands of the men when leaving Atlanta, the regiment has drawn during the campaign as follows, viz, six days' rations of salt meat, twelve of bread, twenty-one and a half of coffee, eleven of sugar, and eleven of salt.

Thirty-five horses and mules were captured and turned over to the brigade quartermaster during the march.

The following is a list of casualties since the date of last report: Commission officers wounded, 1; enlisted men missing, 9; aggregate, 10.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PHILO B. BUCKINGHAM,

Lieutenant Colonel Twentieth Connecticut VOL. Infty., Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. H. YOUNG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 133. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Elisha Doane, Thirty-third Massachusetts Infantry, of operations September 5 - December 21.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with circular received at these headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report:

This regiment entered Atlanta Monday, September 5, and was immediately assigned to duty as guard at the military prison upon Peach

