
Tree street. Monday, September 12, it was relieved from this duty and ordered to report to Colonel W. Cogswell, Second Massachusetts Volunteers, post commandant, for duty as provost guard. The regiment was continued upon this duty during the occupation of the city by our forces. During this period no foraging parties were sent out, but a small detail accompanied two general foraging expeditions and brought in each time a wagon load of corn fodder.

November 16, the regiment broke, camp and started upon the march with the other regiments of the provost guard in the rear of the Fourteenth Corps. It moved on the line of the Augusta railroad as far as Covington; thence south, through Eatonton to Milledgeville, reaching the latter place November 23. At this point the regiment joined the brigade and has since remained with it.

Daily foraging expeditions were sent out from November 18 to December 10, inclusive. During the march the regiment was supplied almost entirely from the country. The following is as accurate a statement as I am able to give of the supplies so obtained: 330 bushels potatoes, 2,800 pounds fresh pork, 10 bushels corn meal, 5 barrels sorghum, 3 barrels beans, 375 chickens and other poultry, 8,250 pounds corn; also 3,200 pounds fresh beef received from brigade commissary.

The number of horses, &amp;c., captured was as follows: 3 horses, 3 mules, 19 head of cattle.

I have no destruction of railroad to report, not having been detailed for that purpose during the march.

The report of the regiment since leaving Milledgeville is simply that of the brigade.

I have to report no casualtieduring the march or since arriving before this place.

Respectfully, yours,

ELISHA DOANE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant P. E. WATSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 134. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Lester B. Faulkner, One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Infantry. HEADQUARTERS 136TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, December 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as my report of the operations of my command since leaving Atlanta:

We left that place on the 15th of November, and, without incident worthy of special notice, marched about sixteen miles per diem until we reached Milledgeville, which occurred on the 22nd of November. Having remained there until the 24th in the p. m. of that day, the march was resumed, but more moderately. We struck the Savannah and Charleston Railroad on the 11th of December, and on the same day took up position in rear of Savannah, where, subject to some annoyance from the enemy's shells, we remained until the 21st, when, the enemy

