
having evacuated the city, we marched in, and afterward camped on the northwest side of the city, where my command now remains. With the exception of six and a half day's hard bread, ten days' coffee, eight days' sugar, seven days's bacon, and eight days' salt, my command subsisted during the march upon provisions taken from the country.

I am, captain, yours, respectfully, &amp;c.,

LESTER B. FAULKNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. H. YOUNG,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Corps.

Numbers 135. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edwin H. Powers, Fifty-fifth Ohio Infantry. HDQRS. FIFTY-FIFTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFTY., Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN*:

On the 15th day of November, 1864, this regiment started (with the brigade to which it is attached) on the campaign through Georgia. Arrived at Social Circle on the 18th, where it destroyed about a quarter of a mile of railroad track. On the following day arrived at Madison, where it destroyed about ten roads of track and burned a building containing about fifty bales of cotton. Arrived at Milledgeville, Ga., November 22, where it remained until November 24; then marched in the direction of Savannah via Louisville and Millen. Arrived outside the defenses of Savannah on the 10th day of December, 1864, where it remained building and occupying breast-works until December 21, when (the city having been evacuated) it went into camp about three-quarter of a mile northwest of the city of Savannah, Ga.

During the recent march this regiment obtained from the country, upon estimation, as follows: Meat (of various kind), 11,900 pounds; flour, 1,000 pounds; sweet potatoes, 300 bushels; corn meal, 500 pounds, besides other vegetables of various kinds of which I have no data upon which to estimate the amounts. The regiment (aside from two companies which were detached with the train) captured-mules, 8; cattle, 10. From the companies detached at the train were detailed men whose special duties were to make captures of horses and mules, and the result of their labors in that direction will probably be obtained from Lieutenant Tabor, brigade acting assistant quartermaster, under whose direction they operated.

The casualties in the regiment during the march from Atlanta were three men missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. POWERS,

Lieutenant Colonel Fifty-fifth Ohio VOL. Infantry, Commanding.

Captain C. H. YOUNG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) relating to operations about Atlanta, see VOL. XXXIX, Part I, p. 693.

---------------

