
Numbers 136. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel H. Hurst, Seventy-third Ohio Infantry, of operations September 2-December 21.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-THIRD Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFTY.,Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command from the time of the occupation of Atlanta to the present date:

This command marched into and occupied a position in the defenses of Atlanta on the 2nd day of September, 1864. From that time to the 21st of October the regiment performed picket-duty and worked upon the new line of fortification projected for the defense of the city. On the 21st of October the regiment joined in an expedition commanded by Colonel Daniel Dustin. The expedition went about twenty miles due east, collected over 800 wagons loads of forage, and returned to camp at Atlanta in four days without loss to this command. On the 15th day of November, 1864, this regiment moved from its camp in the defenses of Atlanta and began the march across the State of Georgia, occupying its position in the brigade in the line of march until it reached the defenses of Savannah without a single casualty in the command. The regiment assisted in destroying the railroad at Social Circle and at Madison.

My command subsisted for thirty days almost wholly upon the products of the country through which we passed.

I have to submit the following estimate of animals captured by my command: 10 horses, 20 mules, 6 head beef-cattle.

I have also to submit and estimate of commissaries and forage captured and used by the men and animals of my command; 200 hogs and pigs, 40 sheep, 2,000 chickens and turkeys, 100 bushels meal, 100 gallons molasses, 1,000 pounds honey, 300 bushels sweet potatoes, 2,000 pounds flour, 1,000 pounds sugar, 300 bushels corn, and 1 ton of rough forage.

The expedition was in nowise severe on this command. The health of the men was excellent throughout the campaign.

I have the honor, captain, to subscribe myself your obedient servant,

SAML. H. HURST,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Seventy-third Ohio Vet. VOL. Infantry.

Captain C. H. YOUNG,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 137. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Frederick C. Winker, Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Infantry, of operations September 4-December 21.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SIX WISCONSIN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations, required by circular of 23rd instant:

Having pitched camp in Atlanta the 4th of September, my regiment remained there in peace and quiet till October 8, when, pursuant to

