
orders received the night before I marched it to the Chattahoochee railroad bridge, there reporting to Colonel F. C. Smith, commanding post. Here we detained as part of the garrison until November 14, when, having the day previous contributed our quarter of a mile destruction to the railroad between and that city, we marched to Atlanta with Colonel Smith, and were there ordered to join our own [brigade] again, which we did. November 15, we started from Atlanta about 10 a. m., and that day and ensuing night wended in rear of a laboring wagon train to Stone Mountain. November 16, marched to Rock Bridge and crossed Yellow River. About 10 a. m. November 18 arrived at Social Circle, and there commenced destroying railroad. We worked in different places; destroyed in all about half a mile's length. November 19, arrived at Madison and again destroyed a short piece of road immediately adjacent to the town, perhaps 250 or 300 yards. November 22, we arrived to Milledgeville. November 26, at Sandersville. November 27, at Davisborough. November 29, crossed the Ogeechee and marched through Louisville.

December 6, arrived at Springfield, and on the 10th in front of Savannah, where we took position. The next day the brigade was advanced and my regiment placed on the extreme left of the line. December 12, I was ordered to take my regiment to the right of the brigade and there take position between the Savannah and Charleston and Central Railroads, relieving the troops of the Fourteenth Corps then there. This I did, and there remained somewhat exposed to rebel shot and shell, but without sustaining a casualty, till December 21, whe city of Savannah without opposition.

We captured on the march about one dozen mules and three horses. As to the amount of provisions foraged, it is impossible to make an estimate; but I can safely say that from the time that we left Rock Bridge until we arrived in the vicinity of Springfield, two men and a pack-mule from each company, sent out daily, brought in sufficient to subsist the command wholly.

The regiment enjoyed the best health throughout the campaign. The ambulance with the regiment was but little used. Two men were with the division hospital ambulances a portion of the time, but there are none of those present with this army in hospital now.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED C. WINKLER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers.

Captain C. H. YOUNG,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 138. Report of Major John A. Reynolds, First New York Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, of operations September 2-December 21.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, TWENTIETH CORPS,Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Artillery Brigade of this corps since the occupation of Atlanta:

With the rest of the corps the batteries entered the city of Atlanta on the 2nd day of September, and were placed in the vacated works of

23 R R-VOL XLIV

