
the enemy on the east and south sides of the town, where they remained until about the 12th instant, when they were withdrawn and camped together in the northwestern part of the city. Soon afterward the artillery, being in excess of the proportion to infantry, the batteries were reduced from six to four guns each, leaving but twenty-four guns in the brigade instead of thirty-six. This was, however, increased to twenty-eight by the assignment of Battery K, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Captain Bainbridge, with four 20-pounder Parrott guns, to the corps. During the occupation several expeditions were sent out in the country for forage, a battery accompanying each, but meeting with but slight opposition, they were at neither time engaged. Previous to these expeditions being sent, and while our supplies were cut off, the horses of the batteries suffered terribly, many actually dying from starvation, and others being so reduced as to render them utterly unserviceable. Almost an entire new supply of horses had to be obtained. A short time before leaving Atlanta a still further reduction of the artillery was made. Battery K, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Captain Bainbridge; Battery I, First Michigan Artillery, Captain Smith, and Thirteenth New York Independent Battery, Captain Bundy, were relieved from duty with the corps and sent to Chattanooga, leaving but four batteries, two 12-pounders and two 3-inch Rodman, of four guns each.

On the 15th day of November the corps left Atlanta, the batteries being distributed through the column, marching in this manner until reaching the enemy's lines near Savannah, meeting with but slight resistance on the march. The batteries did not fire a gun; but twice only a section was placed in position, the infantry then driving back the enemy until we reached their lines about four miles from town, on the 10th of the present month.

On the 11th the two rifle batteries were placed in position, Battery E, Independent Pennsylvania Artillery, Captain Sloan, near the left of our line on the Savannah River, opposite the upper end of Hutchinson's Island; and Battery I, First New York Artillery, Captain Winegar, opposite Argyle Island, about two miles above. At 7 o'clock on the morning of the 12th instant two gun-boats and a steam transport made their appearance above Captain Wingegar's position, coming down the river. Captain Winegar opened fire on them when about 2,500 yards distant, to which the gun-boats replied, using guns of heavy caliber. Captain Winegar succeeded in disabling the transport steamer Resolute, compelling her to surrender; he then directed his fire to the others, which soon turned back, and although several shots were seen to strike the lower one, they continued up the river and out of sight. On the same day Captain Sloan fired a few shots at a steamer crossing the river below him, and also a few shots into the city. On the 16th one section of Battery I, First New York Artillery, crossed the river to Argyle Island and exchanged a few shots with a section of the enemy on the Carolina shore. During the night of the 19th this section crossed to the Carolina shore with a brigade of infantry under command of Colonel Carman. A few rounds were fired at small bodies of the enemy during the 20th. About 3 p. m. a gun-boat came up from the city and opened on the rear of this force on the Carolina shore. Captain Sloan was directed to open on her from his position, and soon compelled her to withdraw. During the nights of the 18th, 19th, and 20th three field-works were constructed for heavy guns, one near the river and two in front of the center of General Geary's line. The last two were on the skirmish line, and being within so short range of the enemy's musketry and artillery the work could only be done during the night. Quite a number of casualties occurred among the working parties, the enemy hav-

