
ing correct range with their artillery and using if freely al all times of the night. Works were also made for the light batteries, it being the intention to place them all on the line, and open simultaneously, previous to an assault. Four of the six 30-pounder Parrott guns were placed in the works during the night of the 20th and the other two were being put in, when it was found that the enemy had evacuated in our front, much to the chagrin of some of the artillery officers, who desired to test the accuracy and efficiency of these guns. On reaching the city, the 21st instant, about 10 a. m., the ram Savannah was discovered near the Carolina shore. Captain Sloan's battery, being in advance, took position on the lower end of Bay street and opened fire on her. Some excellent shots were made, though with guns of that caliber (3-inch) it is not probable much damage was done to an ironclad, as she was reported to be. About 4. 30 Captain De Gress' battery of 20-pounder Parrott guns took position and opened on her, firing with great accuracy. The 30-pounder Parrott guns arriving about sunset also opened on her, but, being so late in the day, with what effect could not be ascertained. It was intended that if she remained in sight to open again on her early the next morning, but during the night she was blown up. Owing to the little use required of artillery there were no casualties in engagements. Captain Gary and two men of Battery C, First Ohio Artillery, were captured on the 12th instant of Hutchinson's Island, where they had gone to seek forage. One enlisted man of Battery E, Pennsylvania Artillery, died of disease on the march near Madison. The admirable policy of having eight horses on a carriage for a long march over bad roads was clearly demonstrated on this campaign.

The batteries subsisted mainly on the country during the march, securing principally their own supplies and forage. An exact account of the supplies and forage obtained cannot be given, but as near as can be ascertained is as follows: Amount obtained from expeditions sent our from Atlanta: 46,000 pounds corn; 3,000 pounds fresh meat; 50 bushels sweet potatoes. Amount obtained on the march from Atlanta to Savannah; 130,000 pounds corn; 20,000 pounds rice fodder; 10,000 pounds fresh meat; 500 pounds flour; 500 bushels sweet potatoes. Making in the aggregate, 176,000 pounds corn; 20,000 pounds rice fodder; 13,000 pounds fresh meat; 500 pounds flour, 550 bushels sweet potatoes. Animals captured; 40 horses, 100 mules; also 100,000 pounds of cotton destroyed.

The following amount of ordnance stores were destroyed at Milledgeville by Lieutenant Shepherd, ordnance officer Artillery Brigade, Twentieth Corps: 3,500 rounds fixed ammunition for 6-pounder and 12-pounder guns; 20,000 rounds infantry ammunition; 2 boxes Sharps primers; 2,000 pounds powder.

The number of guns found abandoned by the enemy in their works in front of the Twentieth Corps line, extending from the Savannah River to the railroad and from Fort Brown to Fort Jackson and Lawton Battery on the Carolina side, besides those on the gun-boats and ram destroyed, is 89, a list of which I send herewith. Besides these a large number of light and heavy gun carriages, caissons, battery wagons, forges, also a large amount of ammunition, was left here by the enemy.

Respectfully submitted,

J. A. REYNOLDS,

Major and Chief of Artillery, Twentieth Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Corps.

