
[Inclosure.]

List of guns captured from the enemy at Savannah, Ga., in their works immediately in front of the Twentieth Army Corps about that part of the city occupied by said corps and in the fortifications east of Savannah on the river, including Forts Brown, Boggs, Barton, and Jackson, Lawton Battery opposite Fort Jackson:

* * * *

Recapitulations. - Six 6-pounder rifled guns; four 6-pounder smoothbore guns, brass; two 6-pounder smooth-bore guns; four 24-pounder howitzer guns; three 24-pounder smooth-bore guns; nineteenth 32-pounder smooth-bore guns; twenty-one 32-pounder rifled guns; one 32-pounder Blakey gun; three 24-pounder cannonades; three 10-inch mortars; thirteenth 8-inch columbiads; seven 10-inch columbiads; one 12-pounder smooth-bore gun. Serviceable, seventy-six; unserviceable, thirteen-eighty-nine.

Respectfully submitted.

J. A. REYNOLDS,

Major and Chief of Artillery, Twentieth Corps.

Numbers 139. Reports of Captain Charles E. Winegar, Battery I, First New York Light Artillery, of operations September 2-December 21
HDQRS. BATTERY I, FIRST NEW YORK LIGHT ARTILLERY,Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance to circular from headquarters chief of artillery Twentieth Corps, dated December 23, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following:

On the 2nd day of September, 1864, the battery entered Atlanta, Ga., and took the 10th day of September, when we moved in the southeastern part of the city and went into camp, together with the artillery of the corps, where we remained until the morning of October 21, when I was ordered to accompany a foraging expedition under Colonel Dustin, commanding Third Division, Twentieth Corps. Starting at daylight of the same day and moving in the direction of Lithonia, a small station on the Georgia Railroad, passing through the town of Decatur at sundown, we went into camp on a large plantation formerly owned by Clark and known as Clark's plantation, about fifteen miles from Atlanta. Remaining here until the evening of the 23rd we succeeded in loading about 900 wagons with forage and provision within a radius of five miles. About dark the train was put in motion, leading to Atlanta, by Colonel Dustin, my battery acting as rear guard as far as Decatur, where we arrived about 4 a. m. On the morning of the 24th, about 7 a. m., we again started for Atlanta, acting as advance guard, where we arrived about 10 a. m. ; went into camp on our old camping-ground, where we remained until the morning of November 13, when we were ordered by Major J. A. Reynolds to report to Brigadier-General Geary, commanding Second Division, Twentieth Corps, as the enemy were making demonstrations, both with artillery and dismounted cavalry, on our lines around Atlanta, but in both of the above expeditions there was no expenditure of ammunition or any casualties in my command.

