
On the morning of the 15th day of November Atlanta was evacuated by the Federal forces, my battery moving with the troops of the Twentieth Corps in the direction of Savannah. When within about twelve miles from Savannah, on the afternoon of December 9, we encountered two small redoubts on the Augusta dirt road, occupied both by the enemy's artillery and infantry. One section of my battery, under Lieutenant Scott, was immediately thrown forward and put in position with a range of about 1,200 yards; the troops of the First Division, Twentieth Corps, were immediately deployed, and scattered the enemy without the use of artillery.

On the morning of the 11th day of December Major J. A. Reynolds again directed me to move my battery on the Savannah River, with the Twenty-second Wisconsin Infantry as a support, it being reported that the enemy's gun-boats had made their appearance. On the morning of the 12th day of December, about 8 o'clock, the enemy's gun-boats made their appearance, which afterward proved to be the Macon, armed with four 64-pounder rifle guns and two 32-pounder howitzers; also, the gun-boat Sampson, armed with the 32-pounder howitzers, with their tender Resolute, a small steamer. After an engagement of about three-quarters of an hour, from 2,400 to 2,700 yards, they were forced to retire up the river, leaving their tender behind disabled, together with her officers and crew, numbering about 30, our expenditure of ammunition being 138 rounds. On the morning of December 16 one section, under Lieutenant Scott, was thrown over the river, on Argyle Island, and immediately intrenched themselves. On the morning of the 18th engaged a section of rebel artillery on South Carolina shore. After firing thirteen rounds, silenced their guns at a distance of 1,500 yards, with no casualties. On the morning of the 19th a regiment of rebel cavalry made their appearance about 2,200 yards distance on the South Carolina shore; after firing three rounds case-shot they withdrew out of range. During the day Lieutenant Scott was relieved by Lieutenant Freeman, who I gave command of the four 3-inch guns, having received from Lieutenant Shepherd a battery of six 30-pounder Parrott guns, needing him to see that works were built preparatory to moving the light battery in front of the enemy's works on Augusta road. During the night Lieutenant Freeman was ordered by Colonel Carman, commanding brigade First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, to cross the river to the South Carolina shore and report to Colonel Cogswell, commanding Second Massachusetts Infantry. Went into position; built works, which were completed late in the morning of the 20th. During the day the section was ordered by Colonel Cogswell to fire at different objects, using thirty-two rounds of ammunition with no casualties. One section of the 30-pounder battery, under Lieutenant Adle, was placed in position in Fort Numbers 1 to reply to one of the rebel gun-boats, which had been reported advancing up the river from Savannah. During the night of the 20th the remaining four guns of heavy battery were placed in position in Forts Numbers 2 and 3.

Early in the morning of the 21st it was discovered that the enemy had evacuated the night before, when one section of light battery was ordered forward under Lieutenant Scott, who entered the town about 10 o'clock. Also the section under Lieutenant Freeman was directed to cross the river to the General shore and join me at Savannah, but owing to high wind and tide he was unable to cross. During the day the heavy battery was ordered forward and arrived about sundown and was put into position at the foot of Bay street, bearing on the rebel ram Savannah, firing thirteen rounds with good effect with no casualties.

