
On the 16th of October marched with troops of the Second Division, General Geary commanding, on forage expedition, also on the 26th of October with troops of First Division, Colonel Robinson commanding, capturing for use of command, in both expeditions, 60 bushels corn and a quantity of corn fodder. The battery remained in park until November 15, expending no ammunition and meeting with no casualties.

On the 15th of November the battery moved from Atlanta with troops of the Left Wing, Army of Georgia, marching with it until the occupation of Savannah, expending no ammunition and meeting with no casualties.

With the exception of dry rations (sugar, coffee, &amp;c.) the command subsisted entirely on the country. During the march the animals were fed 2,000 bushels of corn, besides corn fodder, &c. They were some twenty-five mules turned in through the chief of artillery, Twentieth Army Corps, to Captain Schoeninger, acting quartermaster, for which a less number were received.

The following is a recapitulation of forage and animals captured on march: Corn captured, 2,000 bushels; horses captured, 1; mules captured, 1.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

E. P. NEWKIRK,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery M, First New York Artillery.

Lieutenant W. H. MICKLE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 141. Report of Lieutenant Jerome B. Stephens, Battery C, First Ohio Light Artillery, of operations September 2-December 24.
HDQRS. BATTERY C, FIRST OHIO LIGHT ARTILLERY,Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor of submitting the following report of operations of Battery C, First Ohio Light Artillery, during the time from the occupation of Atlanta to the present date:

On the 2nd day of September, 1864, the battery moved into the city of Atlanta and took position in a fort to the south and west of the city. On the 12th of the month left this position and went into camp with the other batteries of the brigade to the west of the city, where it lay until the 21st day of December, when it formed part of the guard of the foraging expedition which went out that day under command of Colonel Dustin, commanding Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, and was absent four days, returning to camp on the 24th. During the expedition I procured two large loads of corn and about 1,000 pounds pork, 300 pounds mutton, and 15 bushels potatoes. Previous to this two wagons were sent at two different times, and once after, three wagons, procuring during the several expeditions sent out about 270 bushels corn, 2,500 pounds meat, and 30 bushels potatoes. During the time that the battery lay I camp it was put in good order; carriages painted, harness oiled, and by the 15th of October was in every way ready for the field with the exception of horses and mules, which, on account of scarcity of forage, became very much reduced in flesh, and a majority of them died from starvation. On the 2nd day of November

