
December 1. -The division moved from near Station Numbers 91/2 on the Georgia Central Railroad, and continued the march with Major-General Sherman's army toward Savannah, Ga.

December 10. -Drove the enemy in front from two advanced lines of defense across a swamp and into their main line of works, three miles from the city, losing 6 killed and 11 wounded.

December 11. -Changed position to the right.

December 21. -Marched into the city of Savannah; are now [December 31] encamped near the city.

Third Brigade, Fourth Division.

November 1. -Left Cave Spring, and, marching via Cedartown, Van Wert, Dallas, Lost Mountain Post-Office, and Smyrna Camp-Ground, went into camp at Marietta on the 6th; distance marched, sixty-two miles and a half.

November 12. -Marched to Big Shanty, destroying railroad one mile and a half south of it, returning to Marietta that evening; distance, eight miles.

November 13. -Left Marietta, and marched, via Proctor's Creek, Atlanta, Tar Creek, Catawby Creek, Ocmulgee Mills, Monticello, Hillsborough, Gordon Station, Irwinton, and Toomsborough, to within three miles of the M. and A. Railroad bridge over the Oconee River.

November 23. -Went into bivouac; distance, 154 miles.

November 25. -Marched to railroad bridge and skirmished with the enemy; withdrew in the forenoon, and marched, via Toomsborough, to within three miles of Ball's Ferry, and marching near Louisville encamped near Ogeechee River; distance, fifty-one miles.

Total distance marched, 2891/2 miles.

December 1. -Moved from bivouac near Ogeechee River.

December 2 to 4. -Marched to Burton and Millen.

December 5. -Arrived at Ogeechee Church, near Station Numbers 51/2, on Savannah and Augusta Railroad; distance marched, sixty-seven miles and a half; destroyed six miles and a half of the Savannah and Augusta Railroad.

December 7 to 10. -Marched forty-one miles and a half, going into position within two miles and three-quarters of Savannah on the 10th.

December 11. -Being relieved by part of the Fourteenth Army Corps, withdrew and moved to King's Bridge, on Ogeechee Canal; distance marched, four miles.

December 12. -Marched six miles to plank road.

December 13 to 15, inclusive. -In camp.

December 16. -Moved to King's Bridge, on Ogeechee River; distance marched, five miles.

December 17 and 18. -Remained in camp, a portion of the command being engaged in building a wharf on the Ogeechee.

December 19. -Moved nine miles to Lawton's.

December 20. -Had continued skirmishing with the enemy.

December 21. -The enemy having evacuated their position during the night previous, moved into Savannah in the forenoon, and have since been encamped in the outskirts of the city; distance marched on the 21st, seven miles.

Total distance marched during the month, 140 miles.

Captain E. C. Lawson, Company C, Thirty-second Illinois Volunteers, wounded in groin severely.

