
I received a new lot of horses and mules, and on the morning of the 15th moved out of the city on the Decatur road with the Twentieth Army Corps, with which we marched during the Savannah campaign, and arrived in front of the enemy's works around the city on the 10th day of December. On the 12th, by order of Major Reynolds, the battery was moved on to the river-bank opposite the head of Hutchinson's Island. From the commencement of the campaign to this date the battery was commanded by Captain M. B. Gary, who was captured on Hutchinson's Island the 12th with two-enlisted men. The battery then fell to my command. On the 14th instant, by command of Major Reynolds, I sent Lieutenant King with a section to report to Colonel Robinson, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, at Cherokee Hill. The balance of battery kept its position on the river until 11 a. m. the 20th instant, when I received orders to move my battery, except at 3 p. m. and went into camp on the west end of Roberts street where the battery now lies.

During the campaign the command has consumed about the following amount of forage and supplies: 90,000 pounds corn, 30,000 pounds fodder, 300 bushels sweet potatoes, 7,000 pounds fresh meat, and has captured 15 horses, 28 mules, picked up 7 negroes, and destroyed 35,000 pounds cotton. On leaving Atlanta there were 84 horses and 34 mules in the command. There have been 10 horses and 18 mules turned over to Captain Schoeninger and 8 mules to Captain McKell, ordnance officer Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, and 1 horses died, leaving with the command at this present date 88 horses and 36 mules.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. STEPHENS,

First Lieutenant, Comgd. Battery C, First Ohio Light Artillery.

Lieutenant WILLIAM H. MICKLE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 142. Report of Captain Thomas S. Sloan, Battery E, Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of operations September 2-December 26.
HDQRS. INDPT. BATTERY E, PENNSYLVANIA ARTILLERY,Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this battery from the occupation of Atlanta, September 2, 1864, until the present time:

From the occupation of the city until November 15 the battery was parked with other batteries of the corps in the northeastern part of the city, with the exception of two weeks immediately succeeding its capture, when we were stationed in the works on East Point Railroad. Battery took part in foraging expedition under Colonel Robinson, Eighty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, October 16, going as far as Flat Rock Shoals on South River. In the expedition were probably 600 wagons, which were all filled with corn and fodder. One section of battery, which were all filled with corn and fodder. One section of battery accompanied another expedition, under General Geary, October 26, proceeding in direction of Lithonia, on Georgia railroad. From these and other expeditions from Atlanta, we received in all about 7,000

