
pounds of corn for the animals of the battery. We moved from Atlanta November 15, taking the Augusta road. One man died of disease November 18 near Madison. From this date until arriving in front of Savannah December 10 nothing worthy of note in a report transpired. December 13, nineteen rounds of ammunition were expended, mostly thrown into the city. Twenty rounds were fired on the 20th at a boat which had moved up from the city and was annoying our troops on Hutchinson's Island. Battery moved into Savannah December 21. One hundred and twenty rounds were expanded on morning of 21st in endeavoring to drive off the enemy from a boat on the river, from which they were unloading supplies. On afternoon of same day battery was moved to West Broad street, where it is now parked.

On the march from Atlanta there were picked up by my command about 8 horses and 15 mules, in all 23 animals. The stock worn out on the march was turned into quartermaster's department.

On the march the animals were subsisted entirely off the country, as were also the men to a great extent. The amount of forage used by my command would foot up about 50,000 pounds. This, with what we secured from expeditions sent out from Atlanta, would make a total of 57,000 pounds corn taken from the country.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

THOS. S. SLOAN,

Captain Independent Battery E, Pennsylvania Artillery.

Lieutenant W. H. MICKLE,

Actg. Asst. Adjut. General, Arty. Brigadier, Twen.

Recapitulations. - Died of disease, enlisted men, 1. Animals picked up, horses, 8; mules, 15. Amount of forage captured 57,000 pounds. Ammunition (rounds) expended, 154.

Numbers 143. Report of Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick, U. S. Army, commanding Third Cavalry Division. HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Near Savannah, Ga., January 3, 1865.

Captain E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to transmit my official report, together with the reports of my brigade and regimental commanders, of the part taken by my command in the recent operations of the Army of Georgia, since leaving Atlanta, up to the occupation of Savannah. I would respectfully call the attention of the major-General commanding corps to the fact that no arms of any kind are to be had at this point, as I expected there would be. The Joslyn carbine, with which the Ninth Pennsylvania is armed, and the majority of my Sharps carbines, are utterly worthless. I earnestly request that 300 Spencer carbines be sent to this point, with as little delay as possible. My troops are worse armed at present than Wheeler's irregular, lawless cavalry. Hoping that the general will be pleased with my report and the operations in it described.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Division.

