HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Near Savannah, Ga., December 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the recent movement of our army from Atlanta up to the occupation of Savannah:

On the 30th of October, in obedience to instructions from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, I concentrated my division at Marietta, and commenced at once to fit out a cavalry command for a long and rapid march through the enemy's country. But a few days were given for this important work. Horses, arms, and clothing had to be obtained, and regiments and detachments, widely scattered, ordered in. But by hard work and perseverance, in less than nine days the command ordered was ready for the field. Several regiments had been added to the old regiments and organized into two brigades, each numbering upward of 2,500 men. The First Brigade, Colonel E. H. Murray, Third Kentucky Cavalry, commanding, was composed of the following regiments, viz: Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel Jordan; Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, Colonel Baldwin; Third Kentucky Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel King; Second Kentucky Cavalry, Captain Forman, and Tenth Wisconsin Light Artillery, Captain Beebe, commanding, amounting to 2,800 men. The Second Brigade, Colonel Atkins, Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry, commanding, was composed of the following regiments, viz: Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Van Buskrikl; Tenth Ohio Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Sanderson; Ninth Ohio Cavalry, Colonel Hamilton; Fifth Ohio Cavalry, Colonel Heathl; Squadron First Ohio Cavalry, Captain Dalzell, and Ninth Michigan Cavalry, Colonel Acker, amounting to 2,700 men.

I left my encampment at Marietta on the morning of November 14, with 5,500 men and six pieces of artillery; reached Atlanta same day and bivouacked for the night. Was informed by the General-in-chief that Milledgeville was our first objective point; that my command would move on the right of the Army of the Tennessee (the Right Wing); that I was to feint strongly toward Forsyth, cross the Ocmulgee, move on Macon as if to attack it, strike the Georgia Central Railroad and as near Macon as possible, then fall back toward Gordon, destroying track till the arrival of the infantry, when I was to report to the General-in-chief at Milledgeville. Seven days had been given to make the march and diversion indicated. We left Atlanta on the morning of November 15; crossed Flint River and occupied Jonesborough. A portion of General Wheeler's cavalry, and the Georgia militia under General Cobb, was reported to be at Lovejoy's Station. I met and drove back Wheeler's advance next morning and found him in position, occupying the old rebel earth-works constructed by Hood's army on its recent retreat from Jonesborough. Colonel Murray, First Brigade, charged and carried their works, capturing two 3-inch rifled guns (taken from General Stoneman), and killed and wounded a large number of the enemy. Wheeler now retreated in great confusion to Bear Creek Station, where he attempted to halt and make a stand, but Colonel Atkins (Second Brigade), being now in advance, charged him with the Tenth Ohio Cavalry, when he again broke and rapidly retreated with the Georgia militia to Griffin, a distance of fourteen miles.

Wheeler being disposed of for a time, I separated my command, marching on two roads, that the greater amount of cotton, cotton gins, and other valuable property might be destroyed. After pushing well in

