
on Forsyth and being convinced that the impression had been made upon the enemy that our forces were moving directly on that point, I rapidly marched to Planter's Factory, crossed the Ocmulgee, and reached Clinton November 19. Learning that a portion of Wheller's cavalry had also crossed the river near Macon, and was now in my immediate front. I moved on the road toward the city, forced back Wheeler's cavalry across Walnut Creek; charged and carried a portion of their works about East Macon. The Tenth Ohio Cavalry and Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry, having the advance, did all the fighting and behaved most gallantly. Colonel Atkins, commanding Second Brigade, deserves great praise for the energy and skill displayed on this occasion. The command encamped that night on the railroad and road leading from Macon to Milledgeville, picketing Walnut Creek, one-third of the entire force being employed all night in destroying track. A detachment of Ninth Michigan Cavalry, Captain Ladd commanding, had already struck the railroad at Griswold Station, capturing a train of thirteen cars, loaded with engine driving wheels and springs for same. The station was destroyed; pistol, soap and candle factories burned. The following day occurred the battle at Griswold Station, my command repulsing every attack made by the enemy, both of infantry and cavalry. November 22, Wheeler advanced with his entire corps of cavalry and three brigades of infantry; drove in my pickets and skirmish line, but was finally checked and driven back by the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry (Colonel Jordan) and Fifth Kentucky Cavalry (Colonel Baldwin), the saber being principally used. General Walcutt, with his infantry, now came up, and the enemy, was driven back beyond Griswold Station. The same day Colonel Atkins, Second Brigade, has some severe fighting on the Macon and Milledgeville road, and effectually prevented any attack on our trains that were this day moving from Clinton to Gordon. November 24, my command marched to Milledgeville and crossed the Oconee. Having met the General-in-chief the day previous at Milledgeville and received instructions from him to move rapidly in direction of Millen, and if possible rescue our prisoners reported to be at or near that point, I moved rapidly in direction of Augusta, crossed the Ogeechee at the shoals, and struck the railroad, November 27, at Waynesborough, the advance, under Captain Estes (my assistant adjutant-General), having destroyed a portion of the track and partly burned the railroad bridge over Brier Creek the day previous. During this march my flanks and rear had been attacked again and again by Wheeler's cavalry, but without serious results, and did not prevent the column from steadily marching on.

We passed through Waynesborough and encamped in line of battle on the railroad three miles south of the town. Several attacks were made during the night upon Colonel Murray's line, but they were repulsed, and did not prevent my people from destroying the track, one battalion of each regiment being detailed for that purpose. Here, to my great, I learned that our prisoners had been removed two days previous. It is needles to say that had this not been the case I should have rescued them; the Confederate Government could not have prevented me. After destroying sufficient track to prevent transportation on the road for a few days, I deemed it prudent to retire to our infantry. Accordingly, Colonel Atkins (Second Brigade) was ordered to move out to the intersection of the Waynesborough and Louisville road and there take up position. Colonel Murray was directed to move past Colonel Atkins and take up position in his rear, and so on, in suc-

