
November 21. - 1 pistol factory, 1 soap factory, 1 candle factory, 1 foundry, in employ of rebel Government, 400 boxes soap, destroyed at Griswold, Ga. ; 12 wagons and carts, and 1 wagon load carpenter's tools, Government property, destroyed at Griswold, Ga. ; 1 shoe-blacking factory destroyed at Griswold, Ga.

November 26. - 1 wagon shop destroyed at Waynesborough, Ga. ; 1 railroad bridge over Brier Creek destroyed, 1 bridge over Big Ogeechee at Flat Shoals destroyed.

November 21. - 1 station-house destroyed at Griswoldville, Ga.

November 24. - 25 barrels slat destroyed at Waynesborough, Ga.

November 2. - 1 bridge over Little Ogeechee destroyed.

I certify that the above report is correct.

W. H. DAY,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, Third Cavalry Division.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Savannah, December 29, 1864.

Brigadier General JUDSON KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Army of Georgia:

GENERAL: I have read with pleasure your report just received, as well as those of your brigade commanders. I beg to assure you that the operations of the cavalry under your command have been skillful and eminently successful. As you correctly state in you report, you handsomely feigned on Forsyth and Macon; afterward did all that was possible toward the rescue of our prisoners at Millen, which failed simply because the prisoners were not there; and I will here state, that you may have it over my signature, that you acted wisely and well in drawing back from Wheeler's to Louisville, as I had instructed you not to risk your cavalry command; and subsequently at Thomas's Station, Waynesborough, and Brier Creek, you whipped a superior cavalry force, and took from Wheeler all chance of boasting over you. But the fact that to you, in a great measure, we owe the march of four strong infantry columns, with heavy trains and wagons, over 300 miles, through an enemy's country, without the loss of a single wagon and without the annoyance of cavalry dashes on our flanks, is honor enough for any cavalry commander.

I will retain your reports for a few days, that I may in my report use some of your statistics, and then will forward it to the War Department, when I will indorse your recommendations and make such others as I may consider necessary and proper.

I am, truly, your friend.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 144. Report of Colonel Eli H. Murray, Third Kentucky Cavalry, commanding First Brigade. HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION, Near Savannah, Ga., December 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the First Brigade, Third Cavalry Division, Military Division of the Mississippi, composed of

