
Ninth Pennsylvania, Fifth Kentucky, Eighth Indiana, and Third and Second Kentucky Cavalry, left Marietta at 8 a. m. November 14, to follow our indomitable leaders through the Confederacy to the ocean; camped four miles southwest of Atlanta. November 15, moved at 9 a. m. ; attacked and drove the enemy from Jonesborough, capturing three caissons filled with ammunition; this was accomplished by the Eighth Indiana and Fifth Kentucky Cavalry. November 16, marched at 8. 30 a. m. ; struck the enemy two miles from Lovejoy's Station, in force, behind intrenchments with artillery. The Eighth Indiana and Third Kentucky, dismounted, moved upon the works, which were taken possession of by the Eighth Indiana. The Third Kentucky, mounting, made a most brilliant and successful saber charge, resulting in a total demoralization of the enemy, and the capture of two pieces of artillery. The engagement also furnished us with 42 prisoners. The Second Kentucky, Captain Forman, coming up after the charge, pushed on, but only to find the enemy straggling. November 17, marched at 8 o'clock; encamped four miles southwest of Jackson. November 18, marched at 8 a. m. ; camped near Cork; the Fifth Kentucky crossing the Ocmulgee River, succeeded in capturing 125 horses and mules. November 19, marched at midnight; crossed the Ocmulgee on pontoons at Planter's Factory; the Second Kentucky was left to protect the division supply train; camped fourteen miles from Clinton; the Ninth Pennsylvania, Colonel Jordan, making a detour to the right, obtained valuable information in regard to the movements of the enemy about Macon. November 20, marched toipating in the demonstration that day made by our command on Macon; Captain Hancock, of the Ninth Pennsylvania, with 100 men, making a demonstration, attacking and gallantry combating two rebel regiments, to the right of our line of march on Macon; withdrawing from before Macon, camped near Griswoldville. November 21, took position at Griswoldville; skirmish mildly all day, being in position, tearing up track, destroying a pistol and soap factory of much value to the enemy; encamped three miles from Griswoldville. November 22, the pickets of the Ninth Pennsylvania at early morn were attacked and finally driven back to the encampment of the brigade, where this regiment for some time was earnestly engaged; the regiment fought well and enemy greatly superior in numbers. Their gallantry, stern resistance, and well-timed charge, baffled the enemy in what he supposed would prove to them a successful attack. Making preparations to attack with my whole force, received orders to withhold in order to allow the infantry column of General Walcutt to show themselves, moving in the direction of Griswoldville and Macon. The Fifth Kentucky, with General Kilpatrick, made a demonstration to the rear of the enemy's line of battle. This was the day of magnificent behavior and splendid fighting of General Walcutt's brigade, of General Wood's division, of the Fifteenth Army Corps. During the day, when the enemy, with greatly superior numbers, made such repeated and determined attacks upon General Wallcutt, I took the responsibility of moving from camp with two regiments, placing them, one on each flank of our force then engaged, which, at that time, was in imminent danger of being turned.

November 23, marched to Gordon and encamped. November 24, marched to Milledgeville; received rations; thence across the Oconee eight miles, beginning our movement to strike the Augusta and Savannah Railroad. November 25, marched at 8 a. m., reaching the factory at Ogeechee Shoals. The Second Kentucky, which had rejoined us, in

24 R R-VOL XLIV

