
LEFT WING.

FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS. #

November 1. -The corps was stationed at Rome, Ga.

November 2. -Marched to Kingston, where preparations for a winter campaign were made.

November 11. -Communication north was given up and the movement south commenced.

November 15. -The corps arrived at Atlanta.

November 16. -Left Atlanta and passed through Decatur.

November 17 to 22. -The march was continued.

November 23. -The corps arrived at Milledgeville.

November 25. - Crossed the Oconee, moving for Sandersville.

November 26. -Arrived at Sandersville.

November 27. -Marched for Louisville.

November 29. -Reached Louisville, at which place the corps remained until December 1.

December 1. -The corps moved from Louisville, the First and Second Divisions on a road running toward Savannah, and the Third Division, in support of Kilpatrick's cavalry, toward Waynesborough. The First and Second Divisions crossed the Augusta railroad at Lumpkin's Station, the Third crossing five miles to the left. The track of the road was thoroughly destroyed to a considerable distance at these points. The Third Division continued moving with Kilpatrick's cavalry, operating on the left flank, until the 5th, arriving on that day at Jacksonborough, near which place the other two divisions arrived and encamped.

December 6. -Continued the march, the whole corps on the Savannah road, until the 11th, when the corps moved forward, following the Twentieth Corps, to a position in front of the enemy's works near Savannah, and formed on the left of the Twentieth Corps, in which position it remained until the evacuation of Savannah, considerable firing being kept up during the time by the artillery and skirmishers.

December 22. -The corps moved to within two miles and a half of Savannah, and remained in camp at this point during the remainder of the month.

First Division.

November 1. -Encamped near Rome, Ga.

November 2. -Marched fifteen miles to Kingston.

November 3. -No change until 11th.

November 11. -Marched eleven miles to Cartersville.

November 13. -Marched to Big Shanty, destroying railroad.

November 14. -Marched to Chattahoochee River.

November 15. -Entered Atlanta.

November 16. -Marched to Lithonia; fifteen miles.

November 17. -Marched to Yellow River; seventeen miles.

November 18. -Marched to Covington; eight miles.

November 19. -Marched toward Shady Dale; twelve miles.

November 20. -Marched to Sparks' house; fifteen miles.

November 21. -Marched six miles.

November 22. -Moved toward Milledgeville; twelve miles.

November 23. -Marched to Milledgeville; eleven miles.

---------------

*Commanded by Major General Henry W. Slocum.

#Commanded by Bvt. Major General Jefferson C. Davis.

---------------

