
advance captured a picket-post of the enemy here. Traveled this day thirty miles. November 26, marched at 8 a. m. ; traveled twenty-eight miles, campaign two miles and a half south of Sylvan Grove. Here the enemy in force, under Wheeler, attacked the camp of the Eighth Indiana and Second Kentucky. These regiments, under Colonel Jones, of the Eighth Indiana, spent the most of the night in engaging the enemy, which was splendidly and successfully done. Convicted that the enemy in force had attacked me, took up position with barricades for my entire command. At the approach of day received direct orders to commence the march. The withdrawal of the Eighth Indiana and Second Kentucky was effected under heavy fire from the enemy. The enemy, attempting to follow, were effectually checked by the barricades of the Fifth Kentucky and Lieutenant Stetson with his artillery. At that time the enemy, covering my entire front, with two brigades on my left flank, dared not attack. I took up the line of march without the least difficulty or annoyance form them, moving in the direction of Waynesborough, at which point we struck the railroad, and at night-fall camped upon it, a mile and a half in the direction of Millen. The enemy having allowed the rear of the Second Brigade all day, we had every reason to expect an attack here; therefore took up a strong position of two barricades lines; the Third Kentucky, Eighth Indiana, and the Fifth Kentucky in the first line; the Ninth Pennsylvania and Second Kentucky holding the second one, my flanks being well protected by the railroad on the right and a large pond on the left. Not long after we were prepared did we wait; before 11 o'clock the pickets and our entire skirmish line were driven in, and before midnight they had completely enveloped our line and made a charge upon our works. From that until dawn six different and distinct charges were made upon our lines; six different times did they meet with bloody repulses. This was the second night that my command had been engaged, and for several days had been making long marches. The enemy, be reason of the darkness of the night, were unable to ascertain our position only by volleys they received from our Spencer rifles and carbines. At times they rushed within thirty yards of our barricades, with loud huzzah of "Hunt their damned barricades". "Go for them", "We'll show you how to desolate our homes and burn our towns". I have every reason to believe that this fight was one of immense disaster to them in killed and wounded. Lieutenant Stetson, with his artillery as short range, used four guns; he never fires but what he makes an impression upon the enemy. Part of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, notwithstanding our constant work with the enemy, was engaged in tearing up the railroad. In accordance with orders from the general commanding, I, at daylight, withdrew, marching in the direction of Louisville.

This was a day of unusual activity. The charge made by that most excellent officer, Captain John A. P. Glore, with his battalion of the Fifth Kentucky, and the engagements of the Eight Indiana and Ninth Michigan that morning, was undeervision of the general commanding and reflects great credit upon those engaged. My command formed the rear. This day the enemy seemed determined to do something. The greater portion of our command having crossed Buck Head Creek, they conceived the plan of cutting off and entirely destroying that portion, which, as yet, had not crossed. In this, however, they were sadly mistaken. Gaining a fitting advantage by reason of their heavy flanking columns, the next moment found them disappointed, discomfited, and retiring. The Second and Third Kentucky, our rear, bore the brunt of this attack. The Fifth Kentucky, quickly into line,

