
the Ninth Pennsylvania and artillery into position, the enemy did not see proper to make farther advances, when we marched across the bridge. Here we found Colonel Heath, with his Fifth Ohio, and two howitzers in spending position, covering the bridge, ready to give the enemy a warm reception and burn the bridge, both of which they afterward did. Moving on some three miles, by direction of the general commanding we halted, went into position, built barricades, and in every way prepared to whip the enemy, who had for two days been annoying our rear battalions, and for two nights had called my entire command from their blankets to give them repulses. The enemy, only delayed by the burning of the bridge, soon effected a crossing at another point and were before us. They made a most handsome attack, first on our center, then on our extreme right, and afterward on our left, each one of which was beautifully repulsed. Having accomplished that for which we heated, by direction of the general commanding we remounted and resumed the march. Hoping to take some prisoners, by my direction Captain Beggs, my acting assistant adjutant-General, directed Colonel Baldwin, commanding Fifth Kentucky, to move into the woods to our left, whence a portion of the rebels who charged our left had fled. This, however, Colonel Baldwin failed to do. Marched and encamped within ten miles of Louisville, the enemy no longer showing themselves. November 29, marched at 6 a. m. to Big. Creek, near Louisville; camped near Louisville. November 30, remained in camp.

December 1, marched at 10. 30 a. m. in the direction of Waynesborough. Found the enemy, two brigades strong, within four miles. After a stubborn light routed him. The action was brought on by Major C. T. Cheek, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, a gallant and experienced officer. Colonel Baldwin, with the rest of his regiment, the Fifth Kentucky, moving forward to the fight, was soon engaged. Colonel Jones, with his Eighth Indiana, pushed forward, with one battalion on each flank of the Fifth and the third one up to their line. They went up in handsome style, met and engaged the enemy with the Fifth, who at that time was being heavy pressed. Moving forward, we encamped three miles beyond. December 2, marched at 7 o'clock. Found the enemy at Rocky Church. He was charged and driven across the creek by Major Breathitt, with his battalion of the Third Kentucky Cavalry, Captain Thomas, with his battalion of the Third Kentucky, crossing the creek, charging the enemy behind barricades, and, together with a battalion of the Fifth Ohio, put the enemy to flight. Traveled fifteen miles and encamped. December 3, marched to Tompkin's [Thomas'] Station. December 4, Wheeler with his entire force being at Waynesborough, five miles distant, by direction of the general commanding, my command stripped for battle, and with our division moved to attack and rout him. The Second Brigade, in advance, my command in a second line within supporting, attacked and drove him to the town. Receiving orders from General Kilpatrick to take the town, the Second Brigade, having had their share, wheeled ound I moved forward to do so. The enemy held splendid positions. The approaches to the town were difficult, by reason of a stream almost impassable, save by the main road or railroad. The Third Kentucky pushing across, went into position of the right, under a heavy fire, the Ninth Pennsylvania forming on the left. In the meantime the Eighth Indiana Pennsylvania forming on the left. In the meantime the Eighth Indiana (dismounted) moved across the stream, through the swamp; Lieutenant Stetson, with his artillery, and Colonel Baldwin, with the Fifth Kentucky, in position on the south side of the stream. The Second Kentucky ordered to follow within supporting distance of

