
the first line. The Third Kentucky, charging on the right, found the enemy in barricades, and were subjected to a fire from front and flank. The Ninth Pennsylvania, pushing on the left, struck the enemy, relieving the Third Kentucky from the flank fire. These two regiments pushed forward in magnificent style. The Eighth Indiana and Second Kentucky moving up inch by inch, the enemy were driven through the town, the Ninth Pennsylvania and Third Kentucky pressing the enemy heavily. The appearance of the Eighth Indiana (dismounted), and the charge of the Second Kentucky, sent the enemy, panic-stricken, from the field. His loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners was heavy, and saved themselves from still more serious slaughter by feeling to the woods. Having taken full possession of the town and from one to two miles in all directions, the Fifth Kentucky was ordered up, and pushed on the Augusta road, which the majority of the command of Wheeler had taken, following him closely until he had crossed Brier Creek. This was a most magnificent fight. Each regiment did nobly its part, conclusively showing by the manner in which they fought that morning less than a complete rout to the enemy would be the result of the day's battle. The Third Kentucky lost heavily in the engagement by reason of the barricades, which they most determinedly attacked and carried. Aside from the good resulting form the vicinity itself, the enemy seemed to be convicted that the destination of the army of General Sherman was Augusta, whence they continued to flee. Taking the Alexander road encamped a distance of five miles.

December 5, marched at 7 o'clock, traveling twenty-two miles; encamped at Jacksonborough. December 6, marched through Sylvania to the Middle Ground road; covered the rear of the Twentieth Army Corps, moving on Springfield; encamped, heaving traveled twenty-four miles. During the day a scouting party from the Ninth Pennsylvania attacked in the rear, and entirely dispersing it, a small advance guard of the rebel General Ferguson, whose column was moving on this road. Changing his curse, however, he attacked the Second Brigade, which was moving in the rear of the Fourteenth Corps. December 7, marched at 9 a. m., traveling eleven miles. December 8, marched at 10 a. m. through Springfield; camped at 12 m. The marches of December 6, 7, and 8 in the rear were hard ones, by reason of the swamps, rendered almost impassable by the march of an army corps over them. December 9, marched at 9 a. m. ; passed to the rear of Seventeenth Army Corps; camped eleven miles northwest of Savannah, having traveled twenty-two miles. December 10, marched at 9 a. m. in the direction of Savannah; traveled four miles and encamped. December 11, marched at 7 o'clock; passed along the canal and the right of the Fifteenth Army Corps; traveled twenty miles and encamped ten miles southwest of Savannah. December 12, marched at 7 a. m. in the direction of Fort McAllister; camped at McAllister's plantation. December 13, marched at 7 a. m. to Midway. The rebel Colonel Hood, commanding the district composed of the counties of McIntosh, Liberty, and Screven, was greatly discomfited by our presence. His men, stationed at Sunbery, Dorchester, and Riceborough, and Station Numbers 3, were totally demoralized and fled, reckless of organization, to the Atlamaha bridge, whenever attacked. This gave us free access to the ocean. Captain E. A. Hancock, Ninth Pennsylvania, with 120 men from brigade, pushed his way to the Altamaha bridge, and, although not able to destroy the bridge itself, burned effectually a long trestle, three-quarters of a mile, and other parts of the track, just this side, rendering by this the bridge useless to the enemy. Returned, bringing

