
with him to camp 17 prisoners. December 14, remained in camp. December 15, marched in the direction of King's Bridge. December 16, marched and went into camp, two miles southwest of King's Bridge.

From Sunbery, our fleet, to be seen in the distance, brings to an end this meager outline of the operations of the brigade it was my honor to command in its passage through the Confederacy and its many engagements from Atlanta to the ocean.

It would be impossible to render unto all, individually, that praise which is due them. All so well have done their part, so nobly fought, a nation's gratitude is due them.

In regimental commanders the brigade has been extremely fortunate. I would beg before closing to call your attention to the following list, especially mentioned, of officers and non-commissioned officers, whose gallantry has come under my special notice, and who have rendered distinguished services through the campaign, namely: Colonel Thomas J. Jordan, Ninth Pennsylvania, and Lieutenant Colonel F. A. Jones, Eighth Indiana, for their ability and skill as cavalry commanders and their ready anticipations of orders; Captain A. G. Sloo and Lieutenant Kelly, Third Kentucky Cavalry, for their gallant conduct in the charge at Lovejoy's, which resulted in the capture of two pieces of artillery. I also take pleasure in commending the gallantry of Captain E. V. Brookfield, commissary of subsistence, Third Cavalry Division, in this charge; Captain Crowell, of the Eighth Indiana, for gallantry on two different occasions in charging the enemy; Captain E. A. Hancock, Ninth Pennsylvania, for gallant and meritorious conduct throughout the campaign; Lieutenant McJ. Davis, of the Third Kentucky Cavalry, and Lieutenant Bryan, Fifth Kentucky, for their gallantry in charging the enemy at Buck Head Creek; Sergeant Emery, Company H, Sergeant Pepper, Company L, Second Kentucky Cavalry, and Sergt. James H. Taylor, commissary sergeant, Second Kentucky Cavalry, for their gallant behavior on different occasions.

To the efficient, energetic, and brave officers composing my staff, whose duties throughout the whole campaign have been most arduous, who have been exposed to fire in every engagement, I would tender my heartfelt thanks. Therefore, to you I commend Captain James Beggs, Third Kentucky Cavalry, acting assistant adjutant-General; Captain Samuel Lyon, Second Kentucky Cavalry, acting assistant inspector-General; Lieutenant H. D. Gorham, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, aide-de-cam; Lieutenant P. S. Bruner, Third Kentucky Cavalry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant William Waters, Third Kentucky Cavalry, provost-marshal; Captain Baker, Eighth Indiana, acting commissary of subsistence, and Lieutenant Winters, Eighth Indiana, acting ordnance officer, were ever assiduously at work, aside from their regular duties, in almost every engagement.

To Major R. M. Fairleigh, chief surgeon of the brigade, for his energy and efficiency displayed in the care of our wounded, I tender my thanks.

To Captain Offutt, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, commanding pioneer corps, for his promptness, energy, and bravely, I am much indebted.

To Lieutenant Stetson, Tenth Wisconsin Battery, commanding his own section and my two pieces captured from the enemy, I cannot thank too much; throughout every engagement he has shown himself a superior artillerist and a brave soldier. Most heartily would I recommended him for promotion.

Remembering those brave captains, we deeply mourn the loss of Captains Forrester, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, and White, Third Ken-

