
tucky Cavalry, who so gallantry fought, so bravely died-the former at Buck Head Creek, the latter at Waynesborough-failing in defense of their country and her honor. Sacred will be their remembrance in the hearts of their comrades and many friends.

In conclusion I would tender to Colonel Thomas J. Jordan, Ninth Pennsylvania; Colonel Baldwin, Fifth Kentucky; Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, Eighth Indiana, and Lieutenant Colonel King; Third Kentucky Cavalry, and Captains Forman and Gillmore, Second Kentucky Cavalry, my heartfelt thanks for the hearty co-operation they have ever given me, and to return through them to the brave officers and men of their different regiments I am proud to command that heartfelt gratitude due them. Feelings assured that never will the hour come when dishonor will be breathed in connection with the First Brigade, but that each day and every battle will but serve to win them new laurels and brighten their fame, I again return to them thanks for their gallantry and soldierly bearing.

For list of casualties, number of prisoners taken, artillery captured, &amp;c., see accompanying report*.

Respectfully submitted.

E. H. MURRAY,

Colonel Third Kentucky Cav., Commanding 1st Brigadier, 3rd Cav. Div.,

Military Division of the Mississippi.

[Captain L. G. ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 145. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Fielder A. Jones, Eighth Indiana Cavalry. HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH INDIANA CAVALRY, December 21, 1864.

I have the honor to report that the Eighth Indiana Cavalry left Marietta, Ga., November 14, 1864, with 36 officers and 566 enlisted men. The horses equipments were in poor condition, as also were many of the horses, having been drawn at second-hand and nearly worn out by long hard service.

On the evening of the 15th of November met the enemy in pretty strong force with artillery behind intrenchments at Jonesborough. After some pretty severe skirmishing, with the co-operation of the Fifth Kentucky, which came in on another road, the enemy was driven from the works and out of town, we picketing for the night. Lieutenant Snyder and one enlisted man were wounded. On the 16th, being in the advance of the division, we struck the enemy a few miles north of Lovejoy's; drown them into the old rebel works at that place. One battalion of the Eighth, dismounted, under Major Gordon, charged and quickly carried the works. This was followed by a charge of the entire brigade. Our route was blockade by fallen trees and other obstructions, causing us to fail to be "in at the death", yet we captured some prisoners. Thence marched south by easy marches, capturing a few horses and mules, destroying cotton and other public property. Took no part in the attack on Macon; skirmished lightly with the enemy at Griswold. Marched to the capital of Georgia; thence to Slyvan Grove. At the last-named place, at 2 a. m. of the 27th of November, this regi-

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

