
ment, being isolated from the division, was attacked by Wheeler's entire force. Three heavy charges of the enemy were handsomely repulsed. Heavy skirmishing was kept up until daylight, when we were withdrawn by order of Colonel Murray. Marched to Waynesborough and was attacked again at night by Wheeler. Skirmished all night. The consequence was my men were sadly in need of rest and sleep.

On the 28th was detailed to cover the rear; marched quietly about three miles, when the rear guard, under Major Herring, was attacked by a strong force. I quickly disposed the balance of my command to cover the withdrawal of Major Herring. This had scarcely been done when the enemy charged our flanks in several columns, and had succeeded in throwing a heavy force on the road between my command and the division. At one time our position was perilous in the extreme. The regiment was separated by the flanking columns of the enemy into four detachments, and the fog was so dense we could not distinguish friend from foe at the distance of twenty paces. Almost every officer in the regiment was thrown upon this own resources, and each gallantly discharged his duties. Each detachment charged the enemy wherever [met] and soon cleared the road and flanks and extricated the regiment from its dangerous position with very little loss, white the enemy, by his own showing, lost in killed and wounded nearly 100 men, including 2 captains, 1 colonel, and General Robertson wounded. The regiment was relieved by Ninth Michigan, but Companies E and G, under Major Graham, detached accidentally from the regiment, remained with the rear all day, and at the church near Buck Head Bridge made a gallant charge, driving the enemy several hundred yards, and materially aided the column in crossing the bridge. My command were spectators only of the fight at Reynolds' plantation, being in reserve. After the battle again took the rear, and I must say that that night's march wae on men and horses I ever experienced, and there was no earthly cause for it, except carelessness of company commanders. At no time that night did the rear march over 300 yards without a halt, and yet the road was good. Got into camp at 1. 30 o'clock, having marched eight miles in eight hours and half.

December 1, skirmished with the enemy; lost 1 man killed, 2 severely wounded. December 4, took part in the battle in Waynesborough. Charged, dismounted, through the town, and with the infantry pursued the routed foe to near Brier Creek. Marched with division in direction of Savannah. Pickets were attacked at Springfield. Captains Crowell and Stanley promptly charged and routed the enemy, killing 3 men, 2 horses, and capturing 5 horses. Near Jacksborough Lieutenant McManaman, with a small foraging party, charged a detachment of rebels, causing them to follow down their arms and abandon their horses and seek safety in the swamps. The lieutenant destroyed 12 stand of arms and captured 12 horses. Arrived in camp near King's Bridge, December 17, 1864.

Have no complaints to make of officers. They did their duty and have my thanks. As to the brave enlisted men of Eighth Indiana, they have spoken for themselves by heroic action on many a bloody field and need no enology from me.

With a tear for our noble dead, a prayer for the speedy recovery of our wounded and the safe return of our captives, I am, captain, very respectfully.

F. A. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighth Indiana Cavalry.

Captain J. BEGGS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier Third Cavalry Div.

