
Numbers 146. Reports of Capts. Joseph T. Forman and Robert M. Gillmore, Second Kentucky Cavalry. HEADQUARTERS SECOND Kentucky CAVALRY, King's Brigade, Ga., December 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and actions of my regiment from the 14th of November to December 6:

November 14, moved with the brigade from Marietta, Ga., in the direction of Atlanta, my regiment moving in rear of the brigade. November 15, the brigade moved in the direction of Jonesborough, my command being left with the Ninth Pennsylvania in rear to protect the train. November 16, the First Brigade, having the advance, came in contact with a body of rebel at Lovejoy's Station on the West Point railroad. Here my regiment was ordered to support a section of artillery. Afterward I was ordered with my command to move forward at double-quick to support the Third Kentucky, which in the meantime had charged the rebels, capturing their artillery and chasing them some four or five miles. My regiment then took the advance, skirmishing with the rebels as far as Bear Creek Station, where it was ordered to halt, rest our horses, and let the Second Brigade take the advance. November 17, moved on the Jackson road without meeting with any resistance. November 18, moved in advance of the brigade with my command in the direction of Ocmulgee River. November 19, crossed Ocmulgee River at Ocmulgee Mills, where I received orders to take my regiment and guard the division trail through to Milledgeville. Arriving there on the 24th received orders to join the brigade, which moved in the direction of Sparta, camping some eight miles from road to Ogeechee Shoals on Ogeechee River, at which place my advance guard surprised a party of rebels, capturing eight of them, also twelve valuable horses, which were acceptable about that time. We remained at that place during the night.

November 26, my regiment was left in the rear of the command for the purpose of burning the river, also a large factory and mil. We then moved on the road to Augusta, meeting no enemy. That might my command, with the Eighth Indiana, was left at the forks of the road for picket, and to hold that position during the night. At 12 o'clock we were attacked by a large body of cavalry, surprising our pickets and moving directly upon our camp. After being repulsed some four or five times they concluded to wait until daylight before making another advance. At that time they attacked and were again repulsed. Finding that they could not move us from our position by attacking in front, they threw a heavy column on our flanks. While they were making this movement Colonel Jones, who was in command, received orders to retire behind the barricades, which were built near brigade headquarters. He gave me orders to mount my regiment and from it across the road; after his command pa the rear. Before we got fully mounted and move out the enemy advanced, firing upon our led horses, causing some little confusion. I formed my command (after the Eighth Indiana had passed), moved back by alternate platoons, at the same time checking the rebel advance until we arrived at the barricades, when they handsomely repulsed and driven off. During this engagement my loss was 1 man captured, 1 mortally and 2 slightly wounded, losing also several horses and equipments. November 27, we moved on the road to Waynesborough, leaving the

