
Second Brigade to hold the enemy in check. Nothing transpired through the day, and we went into camp about two miles from Waynesborough, having passed through town. In accordance with orders we built barricades for the purpose of holding the enemy in check during the night. They made several attempts through the night to drive us from our position, but were each time driven back.

November 28, at daylight we took up our line of march on the road leading from Waynesborough to Louisville, the enemy following closely and persistently upon our rear, at the same time throwing heavy columns upon our flanks. After we had moved about five miles my regiment was ordered to build barricades, and remain there until the column could pass and bring up the rear, at the same time being supported by the Third Kentucky Cavalry. After the column had passed, the enemy up in front of the barricade. I opened a heavy fire upon them, driving them back in the road. They then commenced a heavy flank movement upon both flanks entirely secreted from us by a thick woods. Not being aware of this movement, I remained too long at the barricades. I then moved back across an open field, forming behind different barricades that were built in my rear, at the same time checking the rebel column, which was advancing in the road. Directly the enemy made their appearance upon both flanks and front, cutting off my rear from the command, e confusion by firing upon us from every direction. It was impossible for me to get through without scattering my command, as there was a large swamp, and miserable road to move on. There was no place in the road for a mile where we could find open ground enough to from a line to check the enemy's advance. After we had cut through and came to where we could from, the easily rallied, formed, and the enemy driven back. In this engagement my loss was 2 commissioned officers and 14 enlisted men. Lieutenant Little was wounded and captured while gallantly doing his duty. I can also speak very highly of the conduct of Lieutenant Adams during the engagement, who was also captured. As far as I can learn, out of the 14 enlisted men lost, 3 were killed and 1 wounded. After moving some little distance farther upon the road, our whole column was halted and formed in order of battle, and an immense barricade built. Here the enemy made a bold front, throwing his whole column forward upon us, when they were suddenly repulsed with heavy loss by our artillery and dismounted cavalry. They were thrown into confusion and driven entirely off. We camped that night about twelve miles from Louisville, the enemy concluding it would be bad policy in following any farther. November 29, my command moved with the brigade, and encamped near Louisville. There we joined the infantry. November 30, remained in camp.

December 1, moved off on the road leading from Louisville to Waynesborough; we soon again met the enemy in force on that road; they charged with heavy column upon our advance, but were repulsed. My regiment was not engaged the day. December 2, we moved in the direction of Waynesborough, driving the enemy before us. December 3, I was too unwell to remain in the saddle any longer, leaving the regiment in charge of Captain Gillmore. The command moved along the railroad and went into camp four miles from Waynesborough.

In conclusion it is necessary, and but just, that I should say something concernin my regiment. Much praise is due the officers and men of my command for the manner in which they have conducted themselves on this weary and tedious campaign. I am not aware of single man, either officer or private soldier, who deserves any censure on my part, but they have at all times inspired me with a

