
great deal of confidence by their readiness and willingness to obey my commands. Captain R. M. Gillmore has prove himself to be a gallant and efficient officer, being ever present where duty called him.

I regret exceedingly the loss of Lieutenant W. C. Adams and Louis W. Little, lieutenant and adjutant of the regiment, who were beneficial to me on every occasion where true bravery and good counsel were required.

Sergeants Foley, Emery, Pepper, and Gillmore are worthy the praise due good soldiers, and I would recommend them for promotion. They have each been in command of a company since leaving Marietta.

Yours, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. T. FORMAN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

December 4, I took command of the regiment, as Captain Forman was unable longer to do duty. We moved in the rear of the ambulance train toward Waynesborough. We had not gone very far, however, when the Second Brigade became engaged with Wheeler's forces. Our men, under the command of Colonel Atkins, drove them from one position to another, until we reached a point on the railroad about one mile from town, when the First Brigade relieved the Second Brigade and took the advance. The rebels fought with determination, and it was difficult to drive them from the position they had here taken. After the Third Kentucky had driven them from behind their barricades I was ordered to report to Colonel Murray, commanding the brigade, who was at the time on the skirmish line. He ordered me to charge through town, which order I obeyed as near as I could. While charging, some officer without my knowledge halted two companies, which was halfand sent them to the right. This left me with fifty or sixty men, which I did not discover until I came upon the enemy beyond town, where I halted and formed a line. We remained here for a few hours, and marched on the road to Savannah some six or seven miles, and went into camp. My loss in this engagement was 2 men wounded and 5 horses killed. December 5, moved with the brigade in a southeastern direction and encamped. December 6, the division separated; our brigade taking the right-hand road and passing through the tow of Sylvania, we camp up with the Twentieth Army Corps. December 7 and 8, moved with the brigade in the rear of Twentieth Army corps. December 9, I took the regiment on a forage expedition and got lost from the brigade. December 10, I came up with the brigade on the road to Savannah and went into camp with it. December 11, moved with the brigade toward the extreme right of the army. December 12, we moved on as usual, nothing transpiring, and camped four or five miles from King's Bridge. December 13, I moved in the advance of the brigade and marched to Middway Church and encamped. December 14, remained in camp. December 15, remained still in camp until 6 p. m., and we again marched a few miles, and went into camp. December 16, marched with the brigade to camp, where we now remain.

Attached to this you will find a report of casualties*.

Hoping this report will be satisfactory,

I remain, very respectfully, yours,

R. M. GILLMORE,

Captain Company E, Second Kentucky.

Captain JAMES BEGGS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Statement (here omitted) shows 6 enlisted men wounded, 2 commissioned officers and 24 enlisted men missing, and 1 enlisted man died of disease.

---------------

