
Numbers 117. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert H, King, Third Kentucky Cavalry. HEADQUARTERS THIRD Kentucky CAVALRY, Near Savannah, Ga., December 16, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Third Kentucky Cavalry during the march of the division from Marietta to this point:

The regiment broke camp to Marietta November 14, moving to the right of Atlanta, and encamped four miles from that point on the Macon railroad. The next day we moved to Anthony's Bridge, on Flint River. On the 16th we passed through Jonesborough, following the railroad. About three miles from Lovejoy's Station the advance encountered the enemy. My command was immediately deployed in line of the left of the road, and moved on the enemy for a short distance, when I received an order from General Kilpatrick to advance rapidly and drive the rebels from the station, the general supposing, from a dense smoke arising in front, that they were destroying their stores. I immediately ordered two battalions forward at a trot (Major Wolfley, with his battalion, having been sent in another direction to destroy a bridge over Flint River), and a moment afterward ordered a charge. Never did men obey an order with more alacrity or enthusiasm. They rushed upon the rebels with drawn sabers and a shout that scattered them in the wildest disorder. They fled in every direction of escape, leaving in our hands two splendid Rodman guns and a number of prisoners. The rout of the enemy was complete, and they have since acknowledged it to be disgraceful. Lieutenant Griffin, of the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, and his brave scouts, were with my command in the charge, and rendered gallant and valuable service in routing the enemy and securing the trophies of the chase. After s short halt we moved forward. Passing Bear Creek Station, we left the railroad to our right, and for several days traversed the country in the neighborhood of Griffin, Forsyth, Jackson, Planters' Factory, and Clinton. On the 20th we moved toward Macon (from Clinton). Late in the evening we participated on on Macon, which resulted in driving the enemy an destroying a portion of the Savannah railroad. After night-fall we moved toward Griswoldville and encamped. The next morning we moved to that point and commenced, with other portions of the command, the destruction of the railroad. Several miles of track were torn up, the ties burned, and the rails bent. The depot, several manufacturing establishments, and a large amount of machinery were also destroyed. During our stay some skirmishing (in which we were not engaged) occurred. In the evening moved toward Gordon, camping four miles from that place.

The next evening we were called out to guard the right of General Wood's infantry line, one brigade of which was then engaged with a heavy force of rebels. We were withdrawn at dark (the enemy having been repulsed and severely punished), when we moved out and encamped near Gordon. Remained in camp at Gordon most of the next day. On the 24th we arrived at Milledgeville, and, after remaining a few hours to draw rations, crossed the Oconee River and encamped seven miles from the city. In continuing our march we crossed Ogeechee Shoals, passing through Glascock Country, leaving Sparta to the left and Sandersville to the right. We reached Waynesborough

