
on the evening of the 27th, built a barricade near the railroad, and occupied it with my regiment. During the night the enemy made several desperate attacks upon our lines, but were each time handsomely repulsed without loss to us. The Eighth Indiana on our left were several times charged, but the enemy were in every instance driven back promptly. At 5 o'clock next morning we moved in direction of Louisville. During the march (my command, with the Second Kentucky Cavalry, having been left to protect the rear) we were charged in the rear and on both flanks whilst crossing a swamp. Recovering from a momentary disorder, Lieutenant Davis with a small force charged the enemy, driving them back, whilst the balance of the regiment formed on a line the Fifth Kentucky, then in position. In tht nine men, one of whoa was killed. Moving forward about four miles we went into position on the right of the division. In a short time the enemy attacked the division in front. We were deployed in line, with skirmishers in front, on the extreme right of Colonel Atkin's brigade, but were not engaged. Late in the evening, the enemy having been driven back, we moved out four or six miles and encamped.

The next day moved to Big Creek bridge, near Louisville, where we remained until the morning of December 1, when we moved out in rear of the Eighth Indiana on the Waynesborough road. During the day the enemy were encountered in force by the Fifth Kentucky and Eighth Indiana and driven from the field. The next day (December 2) we moved in the direction of Millen, my command being in advance of the brigade on the left of the infantry. Finding the enemy posted behind barricades at Rocky Creek Church, Major Breathitt, with the First Battalion of the regiment, charged them in gallant style, driving them from their cover and cross Rocky Creek. Here the whole command halted until the infantry camp up and were posted, when Captain Thomas, with the Third Battalion, took the advance, charged across the creek, and drove the enemy for two miles, dislodging them from three heavy barricades. In this charge we had one man wounded. Moved in the evening a short distance and encamped. The next day we struck the railroad at Thomas' Station, six miles from Waynesborough, where we remained during the night. Sunday morning, December 4, we moved with the division toward Waynesborough "to attack and rout the command of Wheeler", as the general commanding had informed us the evening previous. Leaving every incumbrance behind, we marched on the enemy with the full determination to give him a thrashing which would be a valuable lesson to the mounted chivalry of the South. After the Second Brigade (Colonel Atkins) had encountered General Wheeler's whole force in the morning and driven him from every part of the fleaving many of his men (killed, wounded, and prisoners) in the hands of that brigade, the First Brigade moved forward to attack and drive the rebels from the "last ditch". My regiment took the advance, followed by the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry. Moving forward rapidly, we deployed to the night, the Ninth Pennsylvania to the left. After my command was formed, ready to charge in column of battalions, I received an order from General Kilpatrick to halt. I did so for as few moments, during which time we were exposed to a most galling fire from barricades in front and from our right and left. No body of men ever stood fire any resolutely; not a men faltered. At length, the enemy's fire becoming fiercer and many of their comrades falling around them, they disregarded the restraints of discipline and rushed, with wild shouts upon the enemy in their front. At first we were compelled to fall back; recovering immediately, they again charged and

