
drove the rebels from their position and followed them for some distance and until the presence of several thousand of the enemy in our front warned us that a farther advance would be extremely hazardous. In this engagement I lost 1 commissioned officer and 21 enlisted men wounded; 10 of the men were severely wounded, some perhaps mortally.

The brave and gallant Captain Charles L. White, of Company A, who was mortally wounded, and fell from his horse while leading his company in this action, died on the march, on the morning of December 7, and was buried at Springfield, Ga. The march of the regiment from Waynesborough to this point (Kings's Bridge) is devoid of special interest, and I do not deem it necessary to give a detailed account of it.

The conduct of the officers and men of this regiment from Atlanta to Savannah, their unflinching courage, their patient endurance of hardships necessary attending such a march, their ready obedience to every order, deserve the thanks of every officer and soeat army, and of every patriot of the land. I am proud of them and grateful for an opportunity of awarding them praise for the indomitable valor and of extolling their soldierly virtues. Many of them having served faithfully their term of enlistment will shortly return to their homes and firesides. The patriotic people of Kentucky will welcome them with warm hearts and open hands.

Respectfully,

R. H. KING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third Kentucky Cavalry.

Captain JAMES BEGGS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Third Cavalry Div.

Numbers 148. Report of Colonel Oliver L. Baldwin, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry. HEADQUARTERS FIFTH Kentucky CAVALRY, Camp near King's Bridge, Ga., December 17, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular of this date from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment from the 14th of November to present date:

November 14, marched from Mitchell's Cross-Roads to join the division at Turner's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee River, and from thence marched to a point four miles from Atlanta, on the East Point road, where we encamped. November 15, marched to Flint River and encamped near Jonesborough. During the afternoon I crossed the river, with one battalion of my regiment, having been ordered to open communication with Colonel Jones, who crossed the river above me. Pushing on toward the town my advance came upon a column moving out on the McDonough road. Lieutenant Baker, with Company E, immediately charged the enemy, and drove them hastily through the town. In the meantime another regiment of the enemy had taken position in rear of the town with artillery, sweeping the road before them. Hearing nothing of Colonel Jones, I deemed it best to retire, when I was met by an order to recross the river and encamp. The enemy lost one killed and two wounded in this affair. November 16, moved in the rear of the brigade to near Lovejoy's Station. The regiment was here placed in position to participate in an engagement then

