
going on with Hanna's rebel brigade. Before we could join in the fight, however, the enemy was routed; marched to camp at Bear Creek on Jackson road.

November 17, moved out at 8 a. m. and proceeded with the column three miles, when I was met by Captain Beggs, acting assistant adjutant-General of the brigade, who gave me orders to move on a road diverging to the right to attack Lewis' brigade, then supposed to be encamped on the Towaliga River. The order was obeyed, and the result was that I charged my command two miles and a half after a force of not more than twenty men. Arriving at the bridge I found it burnt and the rebel camp evacuated. Had Lewis' brigade been at that bridge or in their former camp, with four pieces of artillery, as stated, and offered ordinary resistance, I have no hesitancy I saying there is not a regiment in the service which could have driven it from its position, and a charge such as I was ordered to make could have only resulted I a useless loss of life. Rejoined the command in the afternoon and encamped at crossing of Forsyth and Macon roads. November 18, crossed the Ocmulgee at Wetherby's Ferry, and encamped on Jenkins' plantation. Sent out scouting parties and gathered all the horses and mules which could be found. November 19, rejoined the brigade; marched and camped with it at night. November 20, marched within two miles of Macon and commenced destroying the railroad. Moved as rear guard of the brigade on leaving the railroad. Camped five miles from Macon on the road to Milledgeville. November 21, moved down the railroad to Griswoldville. Assisted in burning the town and railroad. Was ordered to move in advance of the brigade and encamped at a point three miles distant on the railroad. On reaching my camp I sent out a detail and destroyed one-quarter of a mile of road.

November 22, at quite an early hour the pickets of the Ninth Pennsylvania, which was encamped on my left and front, were attacked and quite a spirited engagement ensued. I immediately formed my regiment for battle, and being assured by Major Appel, commanding the Ninth Pennsylvania in the temporary absence of Colonel Jordan, that he could and would hold his position, I placed my regiment in position of battalions in echelon, one of the battalions being placed in a barricade. Hearing considerable yelling and firing near the camp I road over to the Ninth and found they were driving the enemy. An orderly from Major Appel told me that a body of rebels were cut off and were in the woods on his right. I immediately dispatched Captain Glore with his battalion to drive them out or capture them. Scarcely had the battalion gone when fugitives came dashing down the road, and word was brought me that the Ninth was being driven. Major Cheek's battalion was instantly formed across the road, for the double purpose of reassuring the men of the Ninth and of charging the enemy should be he again cross the ravine. Captain Glore found the rebels both on his side right and left, but as soon as he formed they broke and fled; the captain did not pursue them, as there was a heavy swamp immediately in hi front. I held my position until the infantry arrived, when the regiment was massed with the division. At 10. 30 a. M. I was ordered to report with my command to General Kilpatrick, and proceeded with him to look for a wagon train of the enemy reported to be passing near us with a small infantry guard. We moved to the left and after marching near a mile came in sight of the wagon train, but instead of a small infantry guard Wheeler's whole command was moving on the road. I formed my regiment in an open field within full view of Wheeler's entire column and within 400 yards of it, and remained there for the at least five minutes. The

