
ommanding division ordered me to entire, and I most gladly left what I thought a very close place. In this affair I lost three men wounded and four horses. Adjutant Mitchell had his horse shot under him. Late in the afternoon my command was ordered to take position on the right of the infantry, then engaged in battle near Griswoldville, which position I occupied till dark, not becoming engaged, however. Moved three miles drown the railroad and encamped for the night. November 23, marched down the railroad to within two miles of Gordon Station and encamped. November 24, marched to Milledgeville and drew rations. Rested till near dark, when we crossed the Oconee River and marched to camp seven miles and a half east on the Augusts road. November 25, marched to the Ogeechee Shoals, crossed the river, and camped. November 26, marched to a point near ten miles distant from Louisville and encamped on the Waynesborough road.

November 27, the enemy sounded the reveille for us this morning, having attacked our pickets at quite an early hour. My command was in position at 3 a. m. I caused my front to be barricades. Near daylight the Eighth Indiana and Second Kentucky Cavalry were withdrawn from my front, the enemy following them closely and advancing, evidently with the intention of making an attack upon our line. If such were their intentions, they failed, as they were easily checked by a spirited fire from my command, aided by a few shots from our artillery. The colonel commanding the brigade was present and witnessed this skirmish. At daylight I withdrew my command and took the advance of the brigade, marching on the road to Waynesborough. Passed through the town and camped three miles on the Millen road. Barricaded my front, and the men slept on their arms. My entire front was covered by a line of vedettes and skirmishers. My position was on the left of the line. The enemy attacked the brigade near midnight and were repulsed. My regiment did but little firing, as the men had been e their ammunition.

Daylight of the 28th found us on the march, one battalion of my regiment being in rear of the artillery, the other battalion being detailed to assist the rear guard. After marching near three miles I met the general commanding division, who ordered me to leave a battalion to charge the enemy, who persistently and energetically hung upon our rear. The Second Battalion, Captain Glore commanding, was detailed. I did not see the charge made by his command, but understood it was gallant and well managed. As the charge was made under the eye of the general and by his order, it is for him to say whether it was well done or not. After passing the General, I continued with the column until it had probably marched two miles from the point were the general had ordered the charge, when a report reached me that the rear guard was cut off. Almost at the same time I received an order to from my command and barricade my front. This was done promptly, not, however, before fugitives from the rear guard began to pass through my lines. Major Cheek's battalion was now alone, the remainder of the brigade being fully a mile in front as we were marching, yet the men worked with a will, and looked calmly on while squad passed through. The extreme rear, however, came up in good order and passed through my lines to the front. Here the Second Battalion rejoined me, and my regiment again become the rear guard of the division. The enemy was bold and persistent, and I was obliged to fall back slowly, causing repeated formations of squadrons to be made. The column was moving over a miserable road, and could not march rapidly, nor could it have formed in the swamps near them had the enemy broken my lines. This he failed to do, however, and after passing through as ugly a

