
as my regiment attacked and fought single-handed for twenty minutes a brigade to rebels in their chosen position where it was impossible to use the saber and where nothing save bulldog fighting could do any good. The enemy lost between 30 and 40 men in killed and wounded. My command fought mounted simply because I had no time to have them dismounted, having been ordered to press forward and to charge. A charge was impossible, and in starting to make one I lost the opportunity of dismounting my command. I lost 1 killed, 7 wounded, and 20 horses. December 2 and 3, marched in column with the brigade; were not engaged. December 4, the command attacked Wheeler; my regiment moved with the command, but was not engaged in the fight; after the enemy had been driven from Waynesborough my regiment moved with the Fifth Ohio, of the Second Brigade, to a ford on Brier Creek and held the ford while the Fifth Ohio destroyed the railroad bridge over Brier Creek; retire near dusk, and camped near Beaver Dam Creek. December 5 to 12, my regiment moved with the brigade, sharing in all its marches by day and by night. December 13, marched to Midway, at which place I was ordered to proceed with my regiment to Sunbery, on Sunbery River, also to send a battalion through Dorchester. A short distance from Midway my command came upon a few rebels. These were driven back upon another party; the whole numbering probably forty men. I ordered Lieutenant Jones, commanding Company D, to charge them, ordering Lieutenant Baker, with Company E, to support the charge. The rebels broke in all directions, leaving their guns, hats, blankets, and in fact everything which could impede them in their progress, behind them. On reaching the forks of the road Captain Glore's battalion pressed rapidly on the Dorchester, scattering, as he went, the remainder of Company B, Twenty-ninth Georgia Battalion; camped at Sunbery that night. December 14, remained in camp. December 15, rejoined the brigade and accompanied it to its present camp.

In recalling the scenes of the past campaign I can but feel that the officers and men of my command have had their full share of the dangers and hardships of the campaign, and are justly entitled to a full participation in whatever honor or glory may be awarded to those who rode down all opposition in the march from Atlanta to the Atlantic. To mention by name each officer who distinguished himself in battle would be to give a roll of all my officers with my perhaps one single exception, for those who erred in Millen's Grove fought well and gallantry before that fight, in which I am willing that a misconstruction of orders should be their shield. However, I feel constrained to bear testimony to the good conduct and gallantry of Adjutant Mitchell, and of Lieutenants Jones, Baker, and Bryan; also to the gallantry of Sergeants Jackson, of Company B, and Holland, of Company H, and Private Pierce, of Company A, who when surrounded by rebels refused to surrender but fought his way out like a man.

To my battalion commanders, Major C. T. Cheek and Captain John A. P. Glore, my heartfelt thank are due. On all occasions when I needed brave men and true counsel I found them ready to support me, and I would especially recommend them to those who hate the good of the country at heart as young and a gallant soldiers worthy and deserving of promotion.

A tribute to the gallant dead all hearts must offer, and yet few can tell how deeply and sincerely we feel the loss of Captain John W. F. Forrester,

25 R R-VOL XLIV

