
of Company K. He was a true soldier. In the camp and in the field he was always at his post. His business was always attended to promptly, while no danger deterred him from the performance of his duty.

Appended you will please find report of casualties, captures, &amp;c*.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

O. L. BALDWIN,

Colonel, Commanding Fifth Kentucky Cavalry.

Captain JAMS BEGGS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Third Div., Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 149. Reports of Colonel Thomas J. Jordan, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry. HEADQUARTERS NINTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, Near Griswold, Ga., November 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully report that agreeably to orders I encamped on the right of the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry at a late hour last night, placing my pickets (two companies) at crossing of the creek, half a miles west by the enemy to force back my pickets, and about 9 p. m. they charged heavily, but were repulsed. At daylight this morning the enemy again appeared in my front, and after skirmishing for some time, succeeded in charging over my picket and crossing the creek. They were met by Major Kimmel, who had four companies under his command, and charged back to the original position on the opposite bank of the creek. Here my line was met by a heavy force of cavalry under Wheeler, and again drive back to our original position. The infantry coming up, the consent with my regiment ceased, they taking up my skirmish line. My loss in this action is 5 killed, 21 wounded, and 42 missing, all of whom I believe to be captured. I also lost 49 horses, 14 of which were killed, the remainder captured.

Respectfully reported.

THOS. J. JORDAN,

Colonel Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

[Captain JAMES BEGGS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HEADQUARTERS NINTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Near King's Bridge, Ga., December 17, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully report that the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry marched from Marietta, Ga., on the 14th day of November, 1864, with the First Brigade, Third Cavalry Division, attached to the army of Major-General Sherman, and on the 16th participated in the action against Wheeler at Lovejoy's Station, on the Macon and Atlanta Railroad. Marching toward Macon, it participated in the skirmishes before

---------------

* Statement (here omitted) shows 14 prisoners, 128 horses, and 52 mules captured.

---------------

