
the place on the 20th, and no the 21st at Griswold, covering the rear on withdrawing toward Gordon. On the morning of the 22d, shortly after daylight, the picket of the regiment on the Griswold road was attacked by the enemy under Wheeler. Major Kimmel at once re-enforced in by two companies, under Major Charles A. Appel. The enemy, being in strong force, succeeded in flanking the pickets, who did not fall back until nearly surrounded and had 18 captured, 1 killed, and 2 wounded, and upon the enemy appearing on the open ground Major Kimmel charged them with four companies, driving them three-quarters of a mile to and over a creek, where their main line was posted in order of battle. After receiving their fire and being charged by a largely superior force, he fell back toward our main line and again drew up his men in order of battle. The artillery now opened upon the enemy, and a brigade of infantry up, under Brigadier-General Woods, of the Fifteenth Corps, took up the fighting and drove the enemy from the ground. The loss of the regiment on this occasion was 5 killed, 21 wounded (2 of whom have since died), and 43 missing, supposed to be captured. In this action Major D. H. Kimmel particularly distinguished himself for his bravely, coolness under fire, and ability to command.

On the 20th of November, by order of Brigadier-General Kilpatrick, through Colonel E. H. Murray, commanding First Brigade, Captain E. A. Hancock was detached with 100 men of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, at Clinton, with orders to take a road leading to Macon to the right of the main column, and to engage any enemy he might meet. In obedience to this order he marched on the road indicated and engaged two regiments of the enemy, holding them in check for two days, when he again rejoined the regiment. His loss was two men wounded. For his bravely and good management he deserves much praise. From Griswold we marched through Gordon to Milledgeville, and thence toward Waynesborough. On the morning of the 27th the enemy again made demonstrations against our picket, and attacked the Eighth Indiana and Fifth Kentucky Regiments and my picket on the left heavily, but were repulsed, and we moved forward and that night encamped south of Waynesborough, on the railroad, which my regiment destroyed for half a mile, when the enemy again, November 28, attacked the position of the brigade, in which all the regiments participated, but without loss to my regiment. During the march of the 29th the enemy made several attacks upon our rear guard, and about 2 p. m. the division was drawn up on the Louisville and Millen road to give battle to Wheeler. The Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry defended the center of the position, having barricaded their front. The enemy soon charged that position and our whole line, but were most disastrously beaten after three attempts, and we retired toward Louisville, the Eighth Indiana and Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry acting as rear guard. But one man of my regiment was wounded in this action.

In the battle of Sunday, the 4th day of December, my regiment was brought into action about 10 o'clock, forming on the left of the Third Kentucky, and with it driving the cavalry of Wheeler and Williams (more than three times their number) from their barricades and the houses of Waynesborough. Major Kimmel, commanding First Battalionon M. Porter, since promoted major, commanding a portion of the Third Battalion, assaulted the barricades on the main street, and Major Appel, with the Second Battalion, drove in the right of the enemy, posted in the woods, from their position, exposing their flank to

