
December 22. -The Fourteenth Army Corps took up position on the outskirts of the city, where it yet remains, active preparations meanwhile being made for another campaign.

December 27. -The Fourteenth Army Corps was reviewed in the streets of Savannah by General Sherman.

Third Brigade, First Division.

November 2. -The Brigade marched with the division from Rome to Kingston, at which place it went into camp, doing regular camp and picket duty until the 12th.

November 12. -Marched with the division in direction of Atlanta.

November 15. -Arrived at Atlanta.

November 16. -Marched with the division in the direction of the Atlantic coast, marching through Lithonia, Covington, Milledgeville, Sandersville, and Louisville.

November 30. -Marched to Sebastopol, Ga., on the line of the Macon and Savannah Railroad, at which place went into camp for the night.

During the month the brigade assisted in destroying the Western and Atlantic, Georgia, and the Savannah and Augusta railroads. Distance marched during the month, 247 miles.

December 1. -Marched from Sebastopol.

December 3. -Arrived at Lumpkin's Station, on Augusta and Savannah Railroad.

December 4. -Were engaged for several hours in tearing up the track and destroying the road, and marched the balance of the day as rear guard to the train, and skirmishing with a small body of rebel cavalry, but with no result.

December 11. -Arrived in front of Savannah and went into line of battle and remained there until the 21st, during which time nothing of note occurred but the regular skirmishing, which was kept up by the pickets.

December 21. -Marched into the city at 8 a. M., where we went into camp and remained the balance of the month, doing regular garrison and picket duty.

Distance marched during the month, 140 miles.

Second Division.

November 1. -Left Rome, Ga., for Kingston, Ga.

November 8. -Marched to Cartersville, Ga.

November 13. -Destroyed eight miles of the Chattanooga and Atlanta Railroad.

November 15. -Arrived at Atlanta, Ga.

November 16. -Marched from Atlanta, Ga., via Covington, Milledgeville, Sandersville, Ga., to Louisville, ga.

November 26. -Skirmished with the enemy at Sandersville, Ga., and drove him. Loss, 1 enlisted man killed and 1 wounded.

November 30. -Enemy attacked picket-line at Louisville, Ga., in which he was repulsed and left on the field 2 commissioned officers and 4 enlisted men killed and 1 enlisted man wounded.

Distance marched, during the month, 252 miles.

December 1. -Division left Louisville; Ga., marched to within four miles of Savannah.

December 11. -Went into position for offensive operations; remained so until the 21st.

