
brigade about four miles out behind barricades. A part of the Ninety-second was dismounted and attacked the enemy on foot, when the enemy charged them on horseback. The charge was received and repulsed and the enemy charged in turn, when the entire brigade of the enemy cowardly ran off, scattering through the woods. We did not follow them, but pushed on toward Macon. At Walnut Creek, two miles from Macon, we found the enemy again, when the Ninety-second Illinois was deployed on foot and pushed forward to take possession of the creek. Our artillery opened and the enemy replied, when the Tenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry was ordered to charge their battery. They crossed the creek in a most difficult place, and charged in column of flours up the road, and were successful in gaining momentary possession of the enemy's outer works and several pieces of artillery, which, however, could not be brought off, and the regiment retired. The charge was made under the fire of nine pieces of artillery, and was gallantry and well done. The Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry Volunteers held the creek and road dismounted. The Fifth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry was held in readiness to support the Tenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry. The Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, with portions of the Fifth and Tenth, tore up the railroad track and telegraph wire for about two miles. After night-fall my brigade was withdrawn, the Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry Volunteers covering the rear. In the forenoon of this day, by order of General Kilpatrick, I sent 100 picked men of the Ninth Michigan Volunteer Cavalry, under Captain Ladd, of that regiment, to Griswoldville, with orders to burn public buildings ad destroyed the railroad. Starting from Clinton he found the enemy picketing the roads. Avoiding them to kept on trough the woods, reached Griswoldville, and charged into the town, driving the enemy out, and under their fire captured and burned a locomotive and train of cars; burned the public buildings, and destroyed the railroad. After this work was accomplished he captured one of the enemy, and compelled him to lead his little party out of the town on a route to avoid the enemy, who had all the roads in their possession. The gallant conduct of Captain Ladd and his brave troopers is a fine example of what a few men can accomplish when daringly and persistently led.

November 21, moved back to junction of the Clinton and Macon, and Macon and Milledgeville roads, and went into position, barricading. The Ninety-second [Illinois] Mounted Infantry Volunteers was left in rear six miles from Macon, and was furiously attacked at 9 a. m. while in position behind rail barricades. The enemy charged them with one regiment dismounted and two columns mounted, at the signal of the bugle. They came on desperately close to the barricades, but the cool, steady fire of the Spencer rifles broke the charge, and doubted them back with great loss. A prisoner captured afterward reports the enemy's loss in the charge at 65 killed and wounded. The Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry Volunteers was withdrawn and joined the brigade in position, where we remained during the night. November 22, marched at 9 a. m. and camped six miles from Gordon. November 23, moved three miles near Gordon and encamped, the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry picketing Jones Cross-Roads. November 24, marched at 7 a. m. ; passed through Milledgeville and encamped eight miles beyond on the Augusta road. November 25, marched at 8 a. m. and encamped within one mile and a half of the shoals of Ogeechee. November 26, marched at 7 a. m. ; crossed the Ogeechee, marched thirty-five miles, and encamped. November 27, Wheeler attacked the First Brigade during the night. At 7 a. m. First Brigade moved through mine and took the advance. The Ninety-second Illinois Mounted

