
Infantry Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Van Buskirk commanding, covered the rear of my bridge with one piece of artillery, assisted by the Ninth Michigan Volunteer Cavalry. We marched that day through Waynesborough, and encamped three miles south of the town. During the entire day Wheeler, with dogged persistence, continued to attack our rear. Colonel Van Buskirk, with his regiment of Spencer rifles, and occasionally using his rifled gun as opportunity occurred, continually held him at bay, and on several occasions administered severe punishment to the enemy, when the nature of the ground would admit of the concealment of his men. Colonel Van Buskirk handled his regiment splendidly, skillfully revolving his companies around one anther, and covering successively their retreat.

November 28, moved at 4 a. m. in advance of the First Brigade, except Colonel George S. Acker, with his regiment, the Ninth Michigan Volunteer Cavalry, which remained in rear of the division by order of General Kilpatrick, Colonel Acker reporting to the general of division. I presume the conduct of Colonel Acker and his regiment during that day will be more especially noticed by General Kilpatrick. After crossing Buck Head Creek I took up position and awaited the other brigade, covering the crossing with the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, who did it well and destroyed the brigade after our troops were over. General Kilpatrick moved with the First Brigade to Reynolds' plantation, and took up position and barricaded, where I was ordered to join him with my brigade, and did so, going into position on the right of the road, and behind the barricade I found already built. I held in reserve, by order of the division General, two regiments, the Ninth Michigan and Tenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, with one battalion of my other three regiments; two battalions of the Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Fifth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, and Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry Volunteers were dismounted to fight on foot, with skirmish line dismounted in front. One battalion of the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry was left as rear guard, which was soon attacked and feel back fighting handsomely. The rebels charged in splendid style, coming up in close range, when six pieces of artillery, double-shorted, and our dismounted troops, opened upon them, and repulsed them handsomely, with little loss to us. The loss of the enemy in this charge was very severe. As the enemy pushed around my right flank I threw in the Ninth Michigan Volunteer Cavalry, dismounted, and Tenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, mounted. After the enemy was handsomely repulsed, by order of General Kilpatrick I withdrew my brigade and marched six miles and encamped. November 29, marched at 5 a. m. to near Louisville, and encamped and remained until December 1; marched eight miles on the Waynesborough road, moving through the fields on the right flank of General Baird's division of infantry.

December 2, continued march same as yesterday. Colonel T. T. Heath, with one battalion of his regiment, the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, made a gallant little saber charge, successfully driving the enemy. December 3, marched fourteen miles and encamped at Thomas' Station. The Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry Volunteers was placed on picket to cover the infantry of General Baird in treating up track and skirmished with the enemy nearly all night. The enemy shelled the regiment with artillery, killing two and wounding one. December 4, moved at 7 a. m., my brigade in advance, to attack and rout Wheeler. We found him in strong position near Waynesborough, dismounted behind heavy rail barricades, and attacked him vigorously. The Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry Volunteers (dismounted) moved in line in the center; the Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry (mounted) in column on the left, and

