
the Tenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry in column in the road on the right of the Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry Volunteers. Colonel Van Buskirk, with his regiment, the Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry Volunteers (dismounted), moved steadily up in front of the barricades, keeping the enemy in constant fear of his Spencer rifles, and his regiment moved over the barricades of the enemy while many of them lay behind them with loaded guns in dumb-stricken fear, and as they attempted to leave the barricades poured in volley after volley with his repeating rifles. The Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Colonel Hamilton commanding, held the left flank, skirmishing with rebels in the woods beyond. The Tenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry charged in gallant style down the road. The Ninth Michigan Volunteer Cavalry, after passing the first barricade, charged by squadron to meet a counter-charge by the enemy, and did it finely, driving him back. Three successive lines of barricades were taken in the single charge, the enemy stubbornly resisting, but compelled to yield to our charging columns. Wheeler had chosen his position cautiously in the roughest, most inaccessible locality, and feeling himself safe against a saber charge hung to it tenaciously, but he was handsomely routed and rode over. The fruits of our victory were 50 of the enemy killed, thrice that number wounded, and 87 prisoners captured. My brigade was now withdrawn by command of General Kilpatrick, and Colonel Murray's brigade pushed the enemy through the town. All of my men and officers behaved with noticeable gallantry, but I am impelled to mention especially Captain Norton, of the Tenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, who was mortally wounded in this charge while nobly doing his duty at the head of his men. "Now for a name for our regiment", said he, as with gleaming saber he went forward into the fight. Generous soldier! the honor of his regiment was uppermost thought. Corporal David Scott, the bearer of my brigade flag, was instantly killed in the thickest of the fight while waving the flag as high as he could reach and cheering on the men. The Fifth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Colonel T. T. Heath, followed the enemy to Bier Creek, on the Augusta road, and completely destroyed the large railroad bridge over that creek. My brigade moved that night to Alexander and encamped. December 5, marched twenty-two miles and encamped at Jacksonborough. December 6, marched fourteen miles, covering rear of the Fourteenth Army Corps, and encamped at Buck Cree. December 7, marched at 8 a. m., the enemy attacking our rear as we left camp; the Ninth Michigan Volunteer Cavalry as rear guard. About 5 p. m. the enemy in strong force made a vigorous attack and were repulsed by the Ninth Ohio and Ninth Michigan Volunteer Cavalry. The attack was a most persistent one, and was met and returned as persistently by these two regiments. December 8, moved in rear of General Baird's division of infantry, Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry as rear guard, the enemy following and fighting. About noon the infantry halted, the enemy still pressing, and we went into position on the right of the road, General Baird deploying a brigade of infantry on the left. We repulsed an attack of the enemy on the road, and again in attempting to turn our right flank the infantry repulsed an attack on the left. We remained in position until 12 p. m., when the infantry having withdrawn we did so, General Baird's second line remaining until we had crossed Ebenezer Creek, when we again took the rear, barricades the road, and destroyed the brigade, the enemy shelling us with artillery while withdrawing, but without injuring us. December 9, moved to report to the division General, and encamped six miles south of Springfield. December 10, marched at 7 a. m. to Station No.

