
Numbers 151. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Matthew Van Buskirk, Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry. HDQRS. NINETY-SECOND Illinois VOL. MOUNTED INFTY., Near Savannah, Ga., December 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part which my regiment took during the campaign from Atlanta, Ga., through the center of the State to a point near Savannah, Ga.:

We left Atlanta, Ga., on the 15th day of November, but have nothing to record more than the usual of picketing and scouting until the 20th instant, when, near Macon, Ga., we encountered the enemy, my regiment acting as advance guard of the division. We drove them before us, charging them from behind several strong barricades, killing and wounding several and taking a few prisoners. When near Walnut Creek Company H, Captain John F. Nelson commanding, was detached and ordered to proceed to the railroad between Macon and Griswoldville, for the purpose of tearing up the track and cutting the telegraph, all of which was successfully accomplished. After driving the enemy across Walnut Creek my regiment was dismounted. One squadron, Captain Hawk commanding, on the right, and one, Captain Becker commanding, on the left, were ordered to cross the creek, to support the Tenth Ohio Volunteer in a saber charge. The enemy were driven into their fortifications. The object for which the charge was made having been accomplished, we were ordered to withdraw and recross the creek, where we remained, holding the enemy in check, until after dark. Our casualties were two men wounded. After dark whole command withdrew, my regiment acting as rear guard. We were stationed on picket during the night.

On the morning of the 21st instant, my regiment being still on picket, the enemy attacked the outpost at daylight. Skirmishing continued until about 9 a. m., when they charged the outpost in front and on the flanks with not less than a brigade, driving them back to the reserve. Still on they came in their furious charge until within easy range of our guns, when we opened upon them a fire sent them flying back-ward in great confusion, leaving their killed and wounded upon the field, the punishment inflicted upon them being so severe they did not again trouble us. A prisoners, since captured, reports their loss to have been 65 men killed and wounded. Our loss was 2 men captured. From the 21st to the 26th instant, nothing worthy of record occurred save the incidents usual to a march. On the 27th instant my regiment was detailed as rear guard. We fought the enemy all day, losing but one man wounded. In our action with Wheeler on the 28th instant my regiment formed the right center of the brigade, supporting a battery. The enemy charged but were beautifully repulsed. We lost one man wounded.

Our usual routine of march and picketing was uninterrupted until December 3, when my regiment was placed on picket on the railroad at Thomas' Station to protect the infantry while treating up the track. We skirmished with the enemy, driving them back sufficiently to take position. Skirmishing continued until 8 p. m. About 11 p. m. they got a battery in position and shelled us. Our casualties were 2 men killed and 1 man wounded. At daybreak of the 4th instant the enemy advanced their skirmishers. Skirmishing continued until about 8 a. m., when the division came up, and my regiment was ordered forward in

