
and encamped. 21st, were drawn up in line of battle, and remained all day. Went on picket four miles from Macon, and remained during the night. 22d, marched about ten miles. 23d, marched about three miles and encamped; First Battalion on picket. 24th, marched to Milledgeville; went into camp, and drew five day's rations, and moved out five miles and encamped for the night. 25th, marched to Buffalo Creek. The bridge being burnt, forded the stream, and went into camp. On the night of the 25th Companies A and M were detailed to accompany a scout to Waynesborough. They tore up the railroad, burned the depot and burned the bridge, and joined the command near Waynesborough without losing a man, capturing 1 colonel, 1 major, 1 captain, and 10 enlisted men. 26th, marched through Gibson and went to within eight miles of Louisville, and encamped for the night. 27th, marched thirty-five miles, and encamped for the night near Waynesborough. 28th, received orders to report to Brigadier-General Kilpatrick for duty, this duty being to cover the rear of the division, skirmishing with the enemy the greater part of the day, losing 3 men killed and 1 wounded. 29th, left camp at 3 a. m., and marched to within three miles of Louisville and encamped. 30th, part of the regiment on a scout; nothing of importance occurred, and returned to camp.

December 1, marched about twenty-five miles. 2nd, crossed Rocky Creek and went into camp. 3rd, marched all day and went into camp at Thomas' Station. 4th, marched to Waynesborough; the First and Third Battalions made a saber charge on the enemy; took quite a number of prisoners. In our front there were 15 of the enemy dead. Our loss was 2 killed and 5 wounded. Adjt. William C. Cook, who in the charge dashed upon the enemy's banner and attempted to carry it off, was knocked from his horse, and had his horse shot, and stile remains in the enemy's hands. We then moved from Waynesborough to Alexander an encamped. 5th, marched all day and went into camp at Brier Creek. 6th, marched to within three miles of the Savannah River and encamped. 7th, marched all day, the rebels in our rear; about 4 p. m. they attempted to cut us off at Cypress Swamp. One battalion, under Captain J. G. McBride, charged and drove the enemy about two miles, then fell back, the enemy following them, when the whole regiment became engaged. After skirmishing about one hour we received orders to fall back across the swamp. Our loss was, Captain F. S. Ladd and Lieutenant William Bateman supposed to be killed, 5 missing, and 2 wounded. We moved back about two miles and encamped. 8th, received orders to report to Brigadier-General Kilpatrick at 4 a. m. We then proceeded to Ebenezer Creek, when we went into camp and fed. The bridge being finished, we crossed over and went to within three miles of Springfield and encamped for the night. 9th, moved to General Sherman's headquarters, within four miles of Savannah, and encamped. 10th, moved to within four miles of the Ogeechee River and encamped. 11th, moved across the Ogeechee River, marching toward Fort McAllister; captured one prisoner, and encamped at White Hall for the night. 12th, marched to Saint Catherine's Sound. 13th and 14th, in camp. 15th, marched to within two miles of King's Bridge. 16th and 17th, in camp, building fortifications.

During the thirty-one day's campaign we have destroyed 100 cotton gins and 10 grist-mills.

GEO. S. ACKER,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

ACTG. ASST. ADJT. General, SECOND Brigadier, CAVALRY DIV.

