
other points and gaining our flanks and rear, we steadily retired on the brigade, which had taken position two miles and a half to our front. We had not marched far before the enemy closed them either flank on the road we were marching and began skirmishing. Captain Alexander C. Rossman, Company E, commanding Third Battalion, Fifth Ohio, as rear guard, skillfully and gallantry kept them in check until the advance battalion had been assigned position with the brigade at Reynold's plantation. At this moment the enemy charged in two columns with vigor. Captain Rossman, with his battalion re-enforced by Company C and a line of dismounted skirmished, fought in front of the barricade; the remainder of the regiment, with the howitzers, from behind the work. The enemy were quickly and easily repulsed with loss.

On the 2nd of December, at Rocky Creek Church, the regiment reported to General Kilpatrick, and I was ordered to clear the left flank of rebels. Deploying the First Battalion, Captain John Pummill commanding, I charged, and with a single battalion drove a force of full 1,000 rebels from behind rail barricades a distance of nearly two miles. After this charge was made six companies of the Third Kentucky came up and rendered valuable assistance. On the 4th of December, at the battle of Waynesborough, the regiment was not so heavily engaged as some others, though it charged twice and would have made a good list of prisoners, had not our own artillery, through mistake, fired on us, which caused a defection of my columns to prevent unnecessary slaughter. Later we opened effective fire with carbines. In the afternoon of this day we were ordered five miles beyond Waynesborough to burn the railroad bridge over Brier Creek, which accomplished in a through manner, firing seventy-nine bents of heavy trestle bridging. On the 8th of December the regiment was under arms and on picket for fifteen hours, covering the army in crossing a difficult swamp near Ebanzer Chapel. At midnight the enemy shelled furiously and the infantry picket fell back in confusion, while the Fifth Ohio and Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry held their line firmly, and when ordered retired in perfect order. On December 11 I was ordered by Colonel Atkins to cover the rear to Major-General Howard's army. I took up position near Silk Hope and received orders from General Kilpatrick to accompany him on expedition to open communications with the fleet. Crossing the Ogeechee and Cannouchee Rivers on pontoons, we camped on the 12th near Fort McAllister, and on the 13th at 10 o'clock struck the coast on Saint Catherine's Sound. Captain Estes, assistant adjutant-General, a staff of Major-General Howard, in a small canoe; myself, Captain Day, provost-marshal, and Lieutenant Messenger, aide-de-camp, Third Division, Cavalry Corps, were ordered, in a second gum-tree canoe, to putt out to a vessel whose masthead was discerned in the offing. After a row of twelve or fifteen miles we spoke the bark Fernandina, U. S. Navy, Captain West commanding; were courteously received, and furnished a boat's crew and cutter, and with an officer of the vessel reported to General Kilpatrick, who immediately forwarded dispatches to the flag-ship. Having reported again to my brigade the regiment moved on the 17th of December with the expedition which destroyed Morgan Lake and river swamp trestle, near the Altamaha River, on the Gulf railroad.

During the campaign the regiment lost 1 man killed in action, 12 men wounded, 11 men captured by the enemy (7 of whom were captured near Shoals of Ogeechee while foraging for horses), and 9 horses killed.

