
My report would be incomplete did I not mention Major D. V. Rannels, surgeon, who, with remarkable assiduity and great skill, made the condition of our sick and wounded more than ordinarily comfortable on a wearisome march. No labor wearied him; no tax exhausted his patience.

Lieutenant Heath, regimental quartermaster, had charge of the train, which marched mostly with infantry columns, and borough it through without loss of a mule, wagon, or a cent's worth of Government property.

Lieutenant Lee S. Haldeman, acting adjutant, on all occasions rendered me valuable assistance, exhibiting coolness and judgment which marked him as a young officer of superior talent and worthy of promotion.

Captain William Jessup and Captain Alexander C. Rosseman were both entitled to muster-out on the 14th of November last, yet displayed the most admirable gallantry during the campaign, but more especially at Buck Head and Reynolds' plantation. The service is not ornamented by more worthy captains.

Captain Dalzell and Lieutenant Coates, of the First Ohio Independent Squadron, have a soldierly body of men, and have proven faithful and efficient during the whole campaign. Lieutenant Joseph E. Overturf, commanding Company H, displayed great personal gallantry at Reynold's plantation, and commanded his company in such splendid manner that I am to recommend his promotion to captain in acknowledgment of his services.

The regiment is now in camp near King's Bridge, Ga.

The various reports in detail required by the department will be forwarded as early as the exigencies of the service will allow.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

THOMAS T. HEATH,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Captain H. J. SMITH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier Third Div., Cav. Corps.

Numbers 154. Report of Colonel William D. Hamilton, Ninth Ohio Cavalry. KING'S BRIDGE, GA., December 23, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with your order, I have the honor to submit the following report of the participation of the Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry in the events which transpired during the recent advance of the army, under Major-General Sherman, through Georgia, ending in the fall of Savannah:

On the 9th day of November, while stationed at Tunnel Hill, Ga., with part of my regiment, I received a telegram from Brigadier-General Kilpatrick that my command had been assigned to his cavalry division, which was being organized at Marietta, Ga. ; that a portion of my regiment, consisting of 300 men, under command of Major Bowlus, was already with him, and ordering me to report at that point at once with all the effective men of my command. I was at the time illy prepared to comply with the order, as I had been informed by Major-General Wilson, chief of cavalry, that my regiment had been ordered to report to him at Nashville, and to make my arrangements

