
railroad upon a stream near the town, and prepared to make a vigorous resistance to our advance. Here I was directed by you to charge his right. I at once formed the two battalions into one line, giving Lieutenant-Colonel Stough command of the left, with directions to prevent a counter movement on their part on their extreme right, which the presence of a thicket could enable them to do under cover, and with the right I charged upon their front, driving them through a swamp and across the stream, killing and wounding quite a number, most of whom they were compelled to leave upon the field. They also lost quite a number of horses in their flight. Lieutenant-Colonel Stough brought up the left and gallantly assisted in driving the enemy. We crossed the stream and were forming for a second charge when I received orders to return and give place to the First Brigade, which had come up to relieve us. In this engagement I lost four wounded.

Our next encounter with the enemy was on the 7th of December, while the column was crossing through a swamp near Ebenezer Creek. The enemy, who had not made his appearance since the engagement at Waynesborough, came upon our rear, consisting of the Ninth Michigan Cavalry. While the rear of the column was waiting for the advance to cross, I, being next in advance of the Ninth Michigan Cavalry, took two companies, A and B of my regiment, and went back to assist Colonel Acker, Ninth Michigan Cavalry, taking a position and deploying upon his extreme left in front of a road running off from the main road in that direction. The ground was covered with thick underbrush, which prevented us from seeing the movements of the enemy. After remaining here a few minutes we discovered a strong force moving immediately in our front, who from their uniform I supposed to be Colonel Acker's men. The enemy, however, evidently aware of the road above mentioned, had made a flank movement under cover of the thicket, and were approaching with a view of cutting off the rear guard. Discovering their true character I opened a heavy fire upon them, checking them for an instant, but, gathering, they rushed forward, part of their extended line gaining the road in our rear a point touched by the extreme of a swamp, and would thus have cut us off had they not been held back by the fire of another company which I had fortunately left to guard that point, thereby enabling us to get round and form in the open ground between the swamps and main road upon which our column was moving. The enemy seemed determined to produce confusion in our column, pressed forward vigorously in heavy force, to check which I found it necessary to send for company aft two battalions were deployed in different lines, holding him back until Colonel Acker brought up his regiment and passed all but the rear guard across the swamp. I, in the meantime, had by Third Battalion and part of his command formed on foot in front of the swamp, thus holding back the enemy until the entire mounted force had effected a crossing. In this affair our timely assistance and support, I am assured, saved the rear guard of our column on that occasion. Our loss was, wounded, 2; missing, 2.

Next day, December 8, my regiment being rear guard, was attacked by the enemy about noon, but held him in check until our column was massed in rear of the Fourteenth Corps, at Ebenezer Bridge, at which point he was held in check by our cavalry and infantry combined until the road was cleared and our whole force passed safely over and the bridge destroyed. My loss on this day one missing.

Company G during the march was on detached service with the Tenth Wisconsin Battery.

