
No casualties at Alabama bridge.

Casualties during the campaign, wounded, 10; missing, 3.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. HAMILTON,

Colonel Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

[Colonel SMITH D. ATKINS.]

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH OHIO CAVALRY VOLUNTEERS,Near Savannah, Ga., December 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to furnish the following report of casualties and deaths in this regiment, occurring between the time of leaving Tunnel Hill, Ga., and reaching Savannah, Ga. *

W. McMILLAN,

Assistant Surgeon, Ninth Ohio Cavalry.

Colonel W. D. HAMILTON,

Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Numbers 155. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas W. Sanderson, Tenth Ohio Cavalry. HEADQUARTERS TENTH OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,

King's Bridge, near Savannah, Ga., December 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Tenth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, under my command, from the time of leaving Marietta, Ga., until the arrival of the Third Cavalry Division at this place:

On the 16th day of November, Wheeler's command having been encountered at Bear Creek Station, the Tenth Ohio was ordered to the advance, and directed to drive the enemy two miles upon a road leading to the right. In attempting to do so two brigades of rebel cavalry were encountered strongly posted on a ridge behind barricades. Two squadrons of the regiment were dismounted on the enemy's left flank to engage their attention while his right was being turned by a saber charge, which was done in gallant style, under the command of Major Filkins, in command of one battalion of the regiment. The enemy were driven at all points from their barricades and closely pursued for more than a mile. No other troops assisted in this action. Twenty prisoners, including 3 commissioned officers, were captured. The loss of the enemy was not ascertained. The regiment lost 4 killed, 7 wounded, and 4 captured. It is but just that I should call attention to the heroic conduct of Sergt. Henry Shrieves, of Company C, who led his company, being several rods in front of them, in the saber charge, inciting the men by his example to deeds of valor until he fell wounded by a ball through the thigh. The complete success of the charge, against more than four times the number of those who made it, the assailed at the same time protected by barricades, was in a great measure attributable to his gallantry.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 10 wounded and 5 missing.

---------------

