
stampeded. The regiment captured over 70 prisoners. I have not been able to learn their loss in killed and wounded. In this action the regiment lost 4 killed and 7 wounded. Among the wounded was Captain S. E. Norton, commanding the First Battalion, whose wound proved mortal. His loss to the regiment is irreparable. For faithfulness in the discharge of all his duties as an officer, and bravery upon the battlefield, exhibited on every occasion when an opportunity presented, could not be surpassed. The brilliant victory of the day was dearly purchased in his loss to the army and the country.

The total loss of the regiment since leaving Marietta, Ga., November 14, 1864, is as follows: Officers-wounded, 4 (1 mortally); captured, 2. Enlisted men- killed, 7; wounded, 22; missing, 13.

During the campaign the regiment captured 229 horses and mules.

There were 180 of these killed in action and abandoned.

The undersigned, as commanding officer of the regiments, is fully satisfied with the bravery and gallantry of the officers and men of his command during the campaign, and only hopes that they have met the expectations of the colonel commanding brigade in the faithful discharge of their duties of officers and soldiers, and in their conduct upon the battle-field in one of the most successful and glorious campaigns of the war.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. W. SANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Captain H. J. SMITH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Third Cavalry Div.

Numbers 156. Report of Captain Yates V. Beebe, Tenth Wisconsin Battery. HEADQUARTERS TENTH WISCONSIN BATTERY, December 18, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with a circular from your headquarters, dated December 17, 1864, I have the honor to report that the Tenth Wisconsin Batter left Marietta, Ga., on the 14th day of November, 1864. On the 16th day of November the battery was in action at Lovejoy's Station and at Bear Creek Station. At Lovejoy's Station the battery silenced the enemy's guns and took possession of two of them after the cavalry had run them down. On the 19th the battery crossed the Ocmulgee and marched thirty-two miles to Clinton. This day's march killed the horses. On the 20th the battery was in action near Macon; had one wagon broken and destroyed. On the 23d, near Gordon, broke an axle and destroyed a caisson. On the 24th, 25th, 26th, and 27th the company marched 123 miles, to Waynesborough; had 30 horses killed and abandoned. On the 28th the battery was in action at Jones' plantation near Buck Head Church, and on the 29th arrived at Louisville, Ga.

December 1, 2, and 3, the battery marched with General Baird's division to Thomas' Station, seven miles south of Waynesborough. On the 4th the battery was in action at Waynesborough. On the 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th the battery marched seventy-three miles, to Ebenezer. On the 11th the battery went into camp within five miles of Savannah, on the Macon

