
eral Osterhaus' servant (an enlisted man) within twenty feet of General Osherhaus' headquarters. A regiment of the enemy's cavalry charged us, making the retreat of my small escort necessary. A squad of the enemy's cavalry had pressed in upon my line of retreat between my position and the body of my command. These, however, were soon cleared and the body of my regiments, which came up rapidly to my assistance. I immediately charged the advancing column of the enemy and drove it back upon their infantry. They then rallied and charge me again. We met this charge, checked and returned it with success, driving them back toward Clinton.

I now learned from my scouts that the enemy in considerable force were pressing down the road toward Griswoldville. I started promptly with a portion of my command in that direction, and soon met a courier from Colonel Crews with a note from him stating that the enemy's cavalry had moved toward the railroad, and that, pursuant to General Hardee's orders, he was going in pursuit. This left the Milledgeville road open, and fearing some difficulty I moved rapidly to that point. On arriving I found our artillery engaging the enemy's advance and our infantry in the redoubts ready to receive an attack. The enemy had already charged up the road, and four of them had attempted to capture a gun, but had been driven back, leaving an officer (whose horse was killed) in the hands of our infantry. Finding large unprotected intervals between redoubts, I placed Harrison's and Hagan's brigades in line, making the connection complete. After slight skirmishing the enemy retreated a short distance.

Pursuant to orders from General Hardee I moved out during the night, and the next day drove the enemy from Griswoldville, capturing a few prisoners. The next morning I again attacked and drove the enemy for some distance, capturing sixty prisoners, besides killing and wounding a large number.

It now being evident that the enemy were not intending to make any further demonstra I moved on toward the Oconee, which river I reached on November 24 and completed crossing the next day by swimming. A brigade under Lieutenant-Colonel Gaines was immediately sent to hold in check a portion of the enemy who were menacing the river near Ball's Ferry, and with the remainder of my command I moved during the night to Station Numbers 13, on the Central railroad. Scouts and pickets were sent upon all roads by which the enemy could reach the railroad or march in an easterly direction. The following day, pursuant to General Hardee's orders, I moved to Sandersville. The Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps of the enemy had marched from Milledgeville, crossed Buffalo Creek, and were marching upon the town, preceded by cavalry, which had dispersed the local troops, who had attempted to oppose them. I moved out on the lower road and sent a force out on the upper road. After moving three miles we were charged by the enemy, whom we met and checked, and then in turn charged and drove them back for a mile, capturing, killing, and wounding about thirty of the enemy, besides capturing several horses, mules, and one loaded wagon. I immediately sent word to the citizens of Sandersville that the enemy would enter the town the next morning, and I advised them to send off all movable property of value. At dark we established our pickets close to the enemy, and next morning were slowly driven back toward and finally through the town.

At evening I was informed by my pickets near Ogeechee Shoals that General Kilpatrick, with a large force of cavalry, had crossed the river on his way to Augusta. Leaving General Iverson to observe the enemy,

