
mishers to the right and left of the road, and the Twenty-fifth Ohio, One hundred and fifty-seventh New York, and One hundred and forty-fourth New York, advanced to their support. On the left of the road was a thick jungle, almost impassable for infantry; on the right were occasional openings, but here the enemy had set fire to the tall grass and weeds, and this seriously impeded the advance of the troops. I was consequently obliged to order the regiments in the rear to advance by the flank along the road at double-quick, in order to expose them for as short a time as possible to the enemy's fire, which enfilades the road. The section of Battery F, Third New York Artillery, also advanced and came into battery on the road. The enemy now fell back and the brigade marched a short distance by the flank on the road, with the One hundred and twenty-seventh deployed as skirmishers. The enemy took up a new position, from which he was soon driven, and the command moved forward without opposition until Honey Hill was reached. At this point the road to Grahamville takes a sharp turn to the left, and another road comes in from the right, probably connecting with the Coosawhatchie road. Along the last road and to the right of the Grahamville road the enemy was found entrenched; a vigorous charge of the Twenty-fifth Ohio drove them from these entrenchments, which connected with the main work placed on a hill thirty feet in height and mounting five guns. On the left of the Grahamville road the One hundred and twenty-seventh New York drove the enemy and got within 200 yards of their works. Our line was now formed, with the One hundred and forty-fourth New York, Twenty-fifth Ohio, Thirty-second U. S. Colored Troops, and marines on the right of the road, and the One hundred and twenty-seventh New York, Fifty-sixth New York, and One hundred and fifty-seventh New York upon the left. The section of Battery F, Third New York Artillery, went in battery on the road about the center of the line and opened a rapid and steady fire. I ordered the right of the line to press forward, swinging round to the left, and if possible to take the enemy's works in flank and rear; but after advancing a short distance, the dense undergrowth and deep swamps prevented their farther progress. The Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, which had come up about this time, was pushed out on our right center; but the heavy fire of the enemy and the difficulties of the ground compelled them to withdrew. Colonel Beecher was severely wounded, but kept the field. The regiment was reformed and held in reserve in rear of the section of Battery F, Third New York Artillery. On our extreme left the enemy pressed rather heavily, and the left wing of the Fifty-sixth New York was ordered to take position on the left, and in support of the One hundred and fifty-seventh New York. Here also the deep swam- and abatis in front of the enemy's works prevented the advance of our troops. We maintained our position thus taken until dark, keeping up and receiving a heavy fire, and suffering considerable loss from our exposed situation. At dusk, in accordance with instructions received from the brigadier-General commanding the Field Division, I commenced to withdrew the troops. A position was taken up about half a mile in our rear, and the One hundred and forty-fourth and Fifty-sixth New York formed a line on either side of the road to cover the retrograde movement. The One hundred and twenty-seventh New York and the One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops, of the Second Brigade, were left as supports for a section of the Naval Battery, which kept up a fire against the enemy's works. The regiments on the left were first withdrawn, and them the regiments on the right. A second position was taken up about a mile in rear of the first, and the Twenty-fifth Ohio and One hundred and fifty-

