
yards on the left of the regimental line and within 100 yards on the right. The ground here comparatively open, with isolated large trees and low brush; the soil was boggy, with standing water about ten to eighteen inches deep. The men got their foothold at the roots of the brushwood. The regiment remained here some ten minutes, firing from the shelter which the men took, until the infantry on the right center had been forced back, and their fire enfilades our line. The One hundred and twenty-seventh fell back some fifty yards, formed a new line, and laid down, supporting the artillery on the road, which fired over them. Two companies of the One hundred and twenty-seventh were here formed across the road with fixed bayonets, to prevent straggling from the right center and the right. I then relinquished my temporary command in the road and rejoined my regiment. The artillery soon fell back a few yards, and the One hundred and twenty-seventh fell back to a new position in front of the artillery, and still under the guns, where it remained for an hour, when it was ordered back some twenty yards, and formed line with the same front but at the left of and in line with the advanced guns, where it remained until the action closed. The regiment was the last to leave the field, being ordered to act as rear guard. After it had fallen back as such in the rear for a quarter of a mile, it was relieved by another regiment, which took its place, under orders from General Potter. After reaching the cross-road church, it moved on to the cross-road leading to Boyd's Neck, and bivouacked for the night about 500 yards down this road.

I have the honor to submit herewith a report of casualties, as required, numbering 7 killed, 44 wounded, and 2 missing; total, 53.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. GURNEY,

Colonel, Commanding 127th New York Volunteers.

Captain W. C. MANNING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Nathaniel Haughton, Twenty-fifth Ohio Infantry. HDQRS TWENTY-FIFTH Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFTY., Boyd's Landing, S. C., December 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the action of November 30, 1864:

About 9 a. m. we left the White Church, the One hundred and twenty-seventh New York in advance, taking the road toward Grahamville; had moved but a short distance when the enemy opened with a battery in front. I formed my regiment on the right and left of the road in line of battle, to support the advance of the One hundred and twenty-seventh New York. Moved forward until the advance was checked and the long grass in front [fired] by the enemy. My regiment then moved forward-the right wing farther to the right and the left wing farther to the left to avoid the burning grass- and met a division of the enemy on our right; the rebels soon fell back. I then moved to the road and advanced by the flank until their batteries opened from a second position; I then formed the right of a second line on the right of the road.

Moved steadily forward by the right of companies until the first line- composed of the Thirty-second U. S. Colored Troops and a part or all of the One hundred and forty-fourth New York-was fired upon with musketry. This caused the first line to waver, and the Thirty-second fall back in considerable confusion. I immediately formed line of battle,

