
December 22. -Marched to within ten miles of Savannah, encamping along Louisville road.

December 23 to 26. -Remained in position.

December 27. -Was reviewed in the streets of Savannah by Major-General Sherman, with balance of Fourteenth Army Corps.

December 28 and 29. -Remained in camp.

December 30. -Moved to Savannah, temporarily relieving Twentieth Corps while on review.

December 31. -Remained in camp.

Second Brigade, Third Division.

November 1. -Encamped at Rome, Ga.

November 2. -Marched to Kingston, Ga., where the brigade lay until the 12th.

November 12. -Marched toward Atlanta.

November 13. -Destroyed railroad and marched to Big Shanty.

November 15. -Reached Atlanta.

November 16. -Marched fifteen miles, passing through Decatur, Ga.

November 17. -Destroyed railroad and encamped near Conyers, Ga., on Augusta and Savannah Railroad.

November 18. -Marched to Covington, Ga.

November 19. -Marched fifteen miles; encamped near Sandtown, Ga.

November 20 to 22. -On the march.

November 23. -Reached Milledgeville, Ga.

November 25. -Marched at daylight; made seventeen miles.

November 26. -Had bad roads through swamps; encamped at Sandersville.

November 27. -Marched eighteen miles, crossing Ogeechee River at Fenn's Bridge.

November 28. -Reached Louisville, Ga. ; remained until the close of the month.

Third Brigade, Third Division.

November 1 found this brigade on the march toward Atlanta, Ga., which place it reached on the 15th.

November 16. -Started with the rest of the army to Savannah, Ga.

TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS. *

[November.]-The corps remained in Atlanta until the 15th.

November 1. -The Army of Georgia having been organized, Major-General Slocum assumed command of the Left Wing, Brigadier General A. S. Williams assumed command of the corps, Brigadier General N. J. Jackson assumed command of the First Division.

November 15. -The corps left Atlanta and marched to Stone Mountain.

November 16. -Marched to Yellow River.

November 17. -Marched toward Madison, encamping on Flat Creek.

November 18. -Encamped four miles west of Madison.

November 19. -The Second Division, with one battery, detached from the corps and sent to destroy the railroad from Madison to the Oconee River. The First and Third Divisions marched to Madison, encamping five miles southeast of it.

---------------

*Commanded by Brigadier General Alpheus S. Williams.

---------------

