
and charging through the Thirty-second and a portion of the right of the One hundred and forty-fourth New York, we drove the enemy from the cross-road in confusion, without, however, doing him much damage, as the wood and brush were so thick that we could not see him when within fifteen or twenty yards, and I did not venture to fire for fear some of our men might be in front. Unexpectedly we came out on the cross-roads, where I rapidly formed my men, the Thirty-second arriving and forming on our right, and a portion of the One hundred and forty-fourth New York on our left; there was no firing in our front, but I could still hear firing to the left. Thinking I had gained an advantage over the enemy, was anxious to profit by it. I immediately sent an officer with some men to learn his position and see if his flank could be pressed. Receiving a favorable answer, I at once made a half change of front my left company and moved forward into the woods about 80 or 100 yards, where we met a strong line of rebels; here a severe fight took place. We held our line till our ammunition was completely exhausted, even stripping our dead and wounded of the contents of their cartridge-boxes and borrowing of the Thirty-second U. S. Colored Troops, which rather tardily came up on our right, but did not swing far enough to support me sufficiently to warrant my making another charge, as the fire was far more severe on my left and center than on my right. Even had I been supplied with ammunition, I consider that it would have been imprudent to remain longer, as I found during the engagement that my immediate left was entirely unsupported. Under these circumstances, I though it best to retire; and notifying Colonel Baird of my intention, I about-faced my regiment and moved slowly back to the cross-road, there receiving ammunition. The enemy showed little disposition to advance, and made no attack on our line while there. Soon after dark I received orders to fall back.

I hereby append a list of the casualties in my regiment during the whole action, all of which, with one exception, occurred in making the charge and in our advanced position; those marked wounded and missing are known to have been wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. HAUGHTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain W. C. MANNING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

NOTE. - The list of casualties was lost, and cannot be replaced by reason of loss of company books.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel Alfred S. Hartwell, Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Second Brigade. GENERAL HOSPITAL, Beaufort, S. C., December 6, 1864.

ADJUTANT: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to the instructions of Brigadier General J. P. Hatch, commanding expedition, I assumed command of the Second Brigade on Monday, the 28th ultimo, having for my staff officers, Lieutenant G. F. McKay, Fifty-fifth Massachusetts, acting assistant adjutant-General; Captain W. D. Crane, Fifty-fifth Massachusetts, acting aide; Lieutenant E. R. Hill, Fifty-fifth Massachusetts, acting aide; Lieutenant Wilcoxson, Third Rhode Island Artillery, quartermaster. Having transmitted to the regimental commanders the printed

