
orders and directions of the commanding General, and having caused some entrenchment tools to be sent to the Fifty-fourth Massachusetts, I went on board the steamer Golde Gate before midnight of the 28th and got under way at the signal as ordered. In passing around the how of a small steamer, the small boats attached to the steamer Golden Gate were cut off. I but back in search of these, but in the dense fog three (or two) small boats could not be found. Ran aground and lost our way during the night. In the morning landed in small boat at what seemed to the shore opposite Hall's Island. About noon succeeded in landing at Boyd's Neck with four companies Fifty-fourth Massachusetts. Found two companies Fifty-fourth Massachusetts already landed. Remained at Boyd's Neck during the day and night of the 29th, by verbal orders of the commanding General, throwing out pickets at dusk and putting the troops into position as soon as disembarked, with orders to be ready to march at daylight of the 30th. By verbal orders from the commanding General, sent out to the cross-roads two companies Fifty-sixth New York for picket. Having sent on a little before day of the 30th ultimo the Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, Fifty-sixth New York, and some of the Thirty-second U. S. Colored Troops to join their (First) brigade, and leaving the Thirty-fourth U. S. Colored Troops at the Neck for further orders, marched at daylight with eight companies Fifty-fourth Massachusetts, eight companies Fifty-fifth Massachusetts, and Mesereau's and Titus' batteries, under Lieutenant-Colonel Ames, Third Rhode Island Artillery. When half way between cross-roads and church received orders from commanding general to leave four companies as guard at cross-roads, to intrench, and left there four companies Fifty-fourth Massachusetts, with two small boat howitzers and detail of marines, who reported to me on the road for this purpose. On arriving near the church orders were received from the commanding general to forward the artillery, which was done; also orders to advance as the troops in front advanced, leaving two companies as guard at church. Left two companies at church with instructions to throw out vedettes to observe. About half a mile from the church, by orders from commanding General, went into line in a corn-field on our left as we advanced. Next advanced in the road by the flank, filed into a field on our right as we advanced, and formed column by company, putting out with the pioneers a fire in the grass. Advancing to the brow of the hill, received orders to halt and hold my command compact and ready. Next, by successive orders from the commanding General, advanced over and part way down the hill slowly and keeping the formation in column on the right of the road. Received here a verbal order from General Potter to send one regiment in support of the One hundred and twenty-seventh New York, I think, but am not positive, as another order was at the same moment brought from the commanding general for me to advance by the flank down the road in support of the Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops. As I passed the commanding general he gave me verbal orders to support the Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, and not to go into action, if I could help it, until further orders, adding that a staff officer would show me to the position. On reaching the base of the hill, a staff officer directed me to file to the right. I sent one of my aides to halt and front the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts as soon as its left should rest upon the road, which was done. An officer, I think Colonel Gurney, of the One hundred and twenty-seventh New York, informing [me] that our left was hard pressed, I directed the two remaining companies of the Fifty-fourth Massachusetts to file to our left and go on the right by file into line in support of the One hundred and twenty-seventh New York. My

