
line now extended across the road. The musketry from the enemy was severe at this point; the men whom we had in front of my line along and near the road had come to the rear in confusion, and as I could not well remain where I was, and had no orders to fall back, I gave the order to advance. This was done in line for only two or three rods, when the strong fire from the enemy's artillery and musketry, aided by the obstructions of the thicket and swamp, forced me back. I was here hit in the hand by a musket-ball. Forming column of companies as well as possible in the road from the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts, I advanced until the guns from the enemy's fort threw canister so severely into the head of the column that I was obliged to fall back again. At this time Captain Gouraud assisted me in rallying my men, my own voice having nearly given out.

I must here give my testimony, that of the men of the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts who were near all cheerfully seemed to follow me to advance a second time toward the fort, under, severe fire. On turning the last angle in the road in front of the fort, the grape and canister became insupportable. Captain Crane, acting aide, was killed, with his horse; Lieutenant Hill, second acting aide, was knocked off his horse by concussion; and my own horse was killed and fell on me. The road seemed to be swept of everything. I was pulled from under my horse and back by an officer and a man of the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts, and during the time was hit in the boot heel by a shot that burned my ankle. and in the side by a spent grape shot that knocked me down and partially stunned me, and lodged in the coast; also, by a spent musket-ball in the back, that lodged in the shirt; in consequence of which, I regret extremely to say, I was unable to give further orders or superintendence, and was taken to the rear.

Knowing the quality of the fine body of men assigned to my command, I am deeply pained to have been prevented from fighting them longer and showing myself deserving of the honor and responsibility placed upon men. Among many who did well, I beg to mention with great praise the following names for the consideration of the commanding General, these men having attracted my notice for particular coolness and efficiency under fire, viz: Major Nutt, Captains Woodward, Thurber, and Torrey, all of Fifty-fourth [Fifty-fifth] Massachusetts, Lieutenant McKay, Fifty-fifth Massachusetts, acting assistant adjutant-General, and Lieutenant Hill, Fifty-fifth Massachusetts, acting aide.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. HARTWELL,

Colonel Fifty-fifth Massachusetts, Formerly Commanding Second Brigade.

Lieutenant L. B. PERRY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General to Brigadier-General Commanding.

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel Henry L. Chipman, One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops, commanding Second Brigade. HEADQUARTERS 102nd U. S. COLORED TROOPS, December 4, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the different regiments of the Second Brigade, Coast Division, in the action of Honey Hill, November 30, 1864:

I arrived at the front at 1 p. m. with my regiment, and was not informed that Colonel Hartwel had been wounded and taken from the

