
lery, which had ben stripped of both men and horses, Captain A. E. Lindsay, was sent with his company to do this work, but before he reached the pieces he was killed, and his only officer, Lieutenant H. H. Alvord, severely wounded in two places. The command now devolved upon the first sergeant, who knowing nothing of the object for which his company had been advanced, filed it right into the woods, and formed line toward the enemy. Afterward, when the rest of the regiment was formed in line of battle, Sergeant Madry brought his company and formed it in its proper place in the battalion. The first attempt having thus failed a second was made, and First Lieutenant O. W. Bennett was sent with his company to endeavor, if possible, to save the guns.

Lieutenant Bennett, with thirty men, went forward fully 100 yards in advance of our first line, and succeeded in bringing away the three guns. Too high praise cannot be awarded to Lieutenant Bennet for the gallant manner in which he led his men in that perilous enterprise, nor to his men who so faithfully followed their leader. * At this time the regiment left the road and was posted in line of battle on the road, its left resting on the road, supporting the battery then in action at that point. At 3 p. m. I was informed of the wounding of Colonel Hartwell, and that I was in command of the brigade. From that time the command of the regiment devolved upon Captain C. S. Montague. The regiment remained in line till 7. 30 p. m. when it withdrew. After reaching the church it was also employed in carrying wounded to the rear. The following are the names of officers and enlisted men killed, wounded, and missing in that regiment. +

Major Nutt, Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, is specially mentioned in regimental report for gallantry on the field.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. CHIPMAN,

Colonel 102nd Regiment, U. S. Colored Troops,

Late in command of Second Brigade, Coast Division.

Lieutenant L. B. PERRY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Ames, Third Rhode Island Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade. HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BRIGADE, Cross-Roads, December 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of General Orders, Numbers 1, from headquarters Coast Division, I assumed command of this Artillery Brigade upon its arrival at Boyd's Landing, November 29. This brigade consisted of one section of Captain W. H. Hamner's company (A, Third Rhode Island Artillery- 3-inch Parrots), four fight 12-pounder guns of Captain T. J. Mesereau's battery (B, Third New York Artillery), and four 12-pounder light guns of F Company, Third New York Artillery, commanded by First Lieutenant E. H. Titus. The section of Parrots did not arrive until the afternoon of November 30.

---------------

* Lieutenant Bennett was awarded a Medal of Honor for this service.

+ Nominal 1 list (omitted) shows 1 commissioned officer and 2 enlisted men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 15 enlisted men wounded, and 2 enlisted men missing.

---------------

