
although they were wounded, until relieved by my order. First Lieutenant E. A. Wildt, Company B, Third New York Artillery, was killed while pointing a gun, and proved himself a brave and efficient officer.

The following casualties occurred in my command on the 30th of November. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. AMES,

Lieutenant Colonel Third Rhode Island Arty., Commanding Artillery Brigadier

Lieutenant L. B. PERRY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Coast Division.

Numbers 9. Report of Commander George H. Preble, U. S. Navy, commanding Marine Brigade. HEADQUARTERS MARINE BRIGADE, In Camp on Grahamville Road, S. C., December 4, 1864.

GENERAL: In obedience to your order of yesterday, I have the honor to report the part taken by the naval force under my command in the action at Honey Hill, S. C., on the 30th of November, ultimo:

After landing the artillery battalion on the morning of the 29th, at 9 a. m., it was advanced, under command of Lieutenant Commander E. O. Matthews, U. S. Navy, about two miles along the road, supported on the right by sailor battalion of infantry under command of Lieutenant James O'Kane, U. S. Navy, and on the left by the battalion of marines, under command of First Lieutenant of Marines G. G. Stoddard, thrown out in advance as skirmishers. At the forks of the road I halted the command and brought our artillery into a defensive position. Having no guide or map to refer to, and not satisfied that the crossing was the one designated as our halting place, from the road not continuing beyond, as shown men on your map at the landing, Lieutenant Commander A. F. Crosman, acting adjutant of the bridge, with myself and fifteen of the sailor infantry, went our along the road to the right and disclosed the enemy's cavalry and infantry pickets watching our movements. A few rifle-shots were exchanged, when we fell back to the main command, and at 4 p. m. I moved it to the right or north, about two miles, where we were entrancing our camp, when Brigadier-General Potter rode up and informed me that we were on the wrong road. I returned with the command to the forks of the road and encamped for the night, by his order, to refresh our men, who had been dragging the field pieces all day, General Potter continuing with his forces on his route to the left.

At 7 a. m. on the 30th we were on the march again along the southern road. At 7. 45 a. m., on receipt of your order, the two lightest 12-pounder howitzers were sent back to the forks of the road we had left, to defend that point until the arrival of a battery from Beaufort. Actg. Ensign J. A. Edgren was detailed to take charge of these pieces. Their arrival was timely, and repulsed a party of cavalry and infantry who were advancing on our right. At 9 a. m. I reported to you in person at your headquarters, at the church. At 9. 30 a. m. my brigade was formed in the rear of the First Brigade as the reserve, and was kept in

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 commissioned officer killed, and 2 commissioned officers and 12 enlisted men wounded.

---------------

