
Asst. Surg. E. M. Corson and Actg. Surg. H. L. Gibbs were at the front and rendered constant and efficient service to our own and the wounded of the army.

As the casualties in my brigade were fortunately slight, the service of all these surgeons was principally given to the military.

The medical supplies of the army not having arrived, those intended for this command, and happily at hand, were consumed for the wounded of the army.

Herewith I transmit Assistant Surgeon Bowdle's report of killed, wounded, and missing by name, as required by your order. * Henry Kittering, seaman, reported as missing, has since returned to the command.

In conclusion I congratulate you, General, on the brave troops you cre a more cheerful and reliant spirit or greater bravery could not have been displayed by any body of men, and it was only that the enemy was in too strong force and position for the limited force at your control that we did not carry his works.

I take this occasion to express my grateful appreciation of the many kind attentions received by myself and officers from our military brethren in arms. It has been, and shall be, my endeavor to cordially co-operate with the military forces.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. Henry PREBLE,

Commander, U. S. Navy, Commanding Naval Brigade,

South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

Brigadier General J. P. HATCH, U. S. Army,

Commanding Coast Division, U. S. Army.

DECEMBER 6-9, 1864. - Demonstration against the Charleston and Savannah Railroad, S. C.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Lieutenant Colonel Stewart L. Woodford, One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Infantry.

Numbers 2. - Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army, commanding District of South Carolina, including operations December 5-31.

Numbers 3. - Brigadier General Beverly H. Robertson, C. S. Army.

Numbers 4. - Colonel Aaron C. Edwards, Forty-seventh Georgia Infantry.
HDQRS. 127TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, Coosawhatchie and Beaufort Turnpike, S. C.,

December 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers, in the fight at the Coosawhatchie and Beaufort turnpike on Tuesday, the 6th instant;

The regiment left Boyd's Neck at about 7 o'clock that morning on the steamer Charles Hougton, and landed between 9 and 11 a. m. at the upper landing of Gregory's plantation. Companies D, C, F, and H

---------------

* Shows 1 man killed, 6 men wounded, and 4 men missing.

---------------

