
November 20. -The First and Third Divisions marched toward Eatonton, encamping three miles north of it.

November 21. -The First and Third Divisions marched through Eatonton toward Milledgeville, encamping near Dennis Station, on the Eatonton and Milledgeville Railroad.

November 22. -Marched to Milledgeville. The Second Division rejoined the corps, having destroyed the railroad from Madison to Oconee River and the bridge at the river.

November 23. -Corps remained at Milledgeville.

November 24. -Corps marched toward Hebron, encamping near Gum Creek.

November 25. -Marched toward Sandersville, encamping two miles from the town; skirmished with the enemy.

November 26. -Marched to Sandersville; slight skirmishing. The Third Division remained there to guard the trains and artillery. The First and Second Divisions marched to Tennille Station, on the Georgia Central Railroad.

November 27. -The Third Division marched with the train and artillery to Davisborough. The Second Division destroyed the railroad from Tennille Station to within six miles of Davisborough, encamping at the latter place, the First Division on south side of railroad to Davisborough.

November 28. -All the wagon train and artillery of the corps, escorted by the Third Division, marched to Louisville. The First Division destroyed the railroad from Davisborough to Spiers Station, encamping at that place. The Second Division destroyed railroad west of Davisborough; returning, encamped at that place.

November 29. -The First and Second Divisions destroyed the railroad to the Ogeechee River and the railroad bridge there; the Third Division at Louisville.

November 30. -The First and Second Division crossed the Ogeechee River and encamped with the balance of the corps near Louisville.

Casualties, 144.

[December.]-During the month the march from Atlanta to Savannah was completed. The daily marches were as follows:

December 1. -Marched from Louisville, Ga., through Birdville; encamped on Bark Camp Creek.

December 2. -Marched to Buck Head Church.

December 3. -Marched toward Sylvania, crossing the Augusta and Millen railroad; destroyed five miles of track; encamped on Horse Creek.

December 4. -Marched to the Little Ogeechee River.

December 5. -Moved forward about five miles on the road to Springfield.

December 6. -Marched to Turkey Creek.

December 7. -Marched to Springfield.

December 8. -Marched toward Monteith. The First and Second Divisions marched thirteen miles. The Third Division, with the corps trains, marched six miles.

December 9. -Marched to Monteith plantation. The Third Division and trains closed up. The enemy at this place, having obstructed the road across a wide swamp and having infantry and artillery in intrenchments on the opposite side, disputed the crossing. They were driven away by a portion of the First Division and their work occupied by us.

