HDQRS. 127TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, near Coosawhatchie and Beaufort Turnpike,

Gregory's Neck, S. C., December 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to present the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and twenty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers in the operations and fight on Friday, December 9, near the Tullifinny Station, on the Charleston and Savannah Railroad.

We left our place of bivouac at the left of the left of the entrenchments at daybreak and moved to the right of the advanced battery in the open field. At 9. 10 a. m. the brigade of skirmishers, under command of Colonel Stillman, Twenty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, advanced across the country road, or turnpike, moving due north to a point near the railroad. This regiment had the left and left center of the line. We encountered no fire until within about 350 yards of the rebel works, when we met their picket-line. After a sharp skirmish these were driven back until our line rested within about 200 yards of the rebel battery and the railroad. Colonel Stillman was severely wounded almost as soon as fire opened, and forced to leave the field. The command of the brigade then developed upon me. This regiment lay upon the advance line from near 10 a. m. until 2. 30 p. m., when we were ordered to retire and cover the withdrawal of the reserves. The latter were attacked upon their left when about three-quarters of a mile from our entrenchments, and a sharp fight ensued, lasting from about 2. 45 until dark. During this action our skirmish line formed into a line of battle in one rank and covered the right of the general line. The rebels felt of us but once, when they advanced a small skirmish line against our center. We waited until they came fairly in view, when a few well-directed shots caused them to retire. After the troops withdrew from the field, we came in, covering their march. The One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers formed the rear skirmish line on this last movement.

The loss of the One hundred and twenty-seventh Regiment was 8 killed and 51 wounded; total, 59.

I submit herewith a detailed list of our casualties. The left of my regiment suffered most severely, as it was in and rear a pine thicket, which furnished a complete cover to the rebel pickets and sharpshooters.

Captain H. J. Long, who was in command of the left company but one, distinguished himself by his coolness and bravery. Although shot through his arm early in the fight he remained with us during the day, and suffered no one to know of his wound until we had returned to our place of bivouac at night.

This regiment has now, since the 30th ultimo, benign three engagements, and I feel it is due to the lieutenants who have acted as staff officers during that time to put upon record my acknowledgments of their valuable services. Lieutenant William L. Conant, acting adjutant-and Lieutenant William H. Dodge, regimental quartermaster, have been at the front under fire upon each occasion. They have carried orders with coolness and precision, and have evidenced sound judgment and high personal courage in an equal degree.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEWART L. WOODFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain W. C. MANNING,

A. A. A. G., Potter's Brigade, Coast Division, Dept. of the South.

