
suffered severely, especially Companies G and K. Captain Henry, of Company G, the senior captain present with us, was shot in the foot and so severely wounded as to be forced to leave the field. Captain H. J. Long was shot through the arm, but remained with his company. These two companies were at length pushed into the lines on their left under a most galling fire, and after about an hour the enemy's fire upon this flank was almost silenced. These two companies alone lost 5 killed and 28 wounded. Too much credit can hardly be awarded to the men for their steadiness, and Captain Long, of Company K, and Lieutenant Abercrombie, of Company G, who commanded his company after Captain Henry was wounded, for their courage and good just judgment in handing their men. Captain Long concealed the fact of his having been wounded from me until we had returned to our place of bivouac at night. The right wing of this regiment was under the charge of Captain Weston, of Company F, and the regiment was commanded by Captain Little, of Company A, after the charge of the brigade devolved upon me. Both these officers deserve especial mention for their good conduct. Lieutenant Sammis, commanding Company E, was wounded severely in the face while on the line.

The entire loss of the One hundred and twenty-seventh was 8 killed and 51 wounded; total, 59.

The skirmish brigade remained in its advanced position until the reserves fell back, when, at about 2. 30 p. m., we were ordered to retire, and buried our dead before we began falling back. When about three quarters of a mile from our entrenchments the rebels attacked the reserves upon our left flank, and a fight ensued, lasting until dark. During this fight our skirmish line was formed into line of battle in one ran, and formed the right of the general line. The rebels felt of us but once, when they advanced a small skirmishers party against our center. We waited until they came fairly in view, when a few well directed shots caused them to retire. After the troops withdrew from the field, we came in, covering their march. The One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers formed the rear guard on this movement.

In closing this report I wish to recognize the valuable services of Lieutenant Man, of the Twenty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, acting aide-de-camp to Colonel Stillman, who brought me the tidings of the colonel's would and remained with me until we had returned to the entrenchments; also, the services of Lieutenant W. L. Conant, of Company F, One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers, and Lieutenant W. H. Dodge, our regimental quartermaster. These three officers acted as my aides-de-camp after I assumed command of the brigade. They carried orders with coolness and precision, and evidenced sound judgment and high personal courage in and equal degree.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEWART L. WOODFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel 127th New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant PERRY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Coast Division, Department of the South.

Numbers 2. Report of Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army, commanding District of South Carolina, including operations December 5-31.

CHARLESTON, January 11, 1865.

COLONEL: The report of operations of the troops under my command in the late campaign ending in the evacuation of Savannah, called for

