
For the casualties- which, considering the heavy fire to which the troops were exposed for many days, were very few - a for other details, I respectfully refer to the reports of subordinate commanders.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

Colonel T. B. ROY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. S. C., Ga., and Fla., Charleston, S. C.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Beverly H. Robertson, C. S. Army. HEADQUARTERS, Adam's Run, S. C., January 5, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to instructions from Major-General Jones, I assumed command of all the troops between Bee's Creek and Tullifinny trestle on the 8th of December, ultimo:

About 9 o'clock on the morning of the 9th enemy opened on the left of my line a very rapid and continuous fire, from some eight guns. His line of skirmishers advanced about 10 o'clock, and immediately after the entire left became hotly engaged, our men fighting behind temporary breast-works. Several attempts were made to carry our lines, but all were handsomely repulsed. The troops fought with great spirit. Foiled in his undertaking, the enemy moved to his left in the direction of Coosawhatchie. The engagement was renewed most vigorously on our right at 3 p. m., and after an obstinate resistance by the enemy, lasting some two hours, he was driven 800 yards from his original line. The Thirty-second and Forty-seventh Georgia Regiments, the Seventh North Carolina Battalion, and the battalion of South Carolina cadets, all under the immediate command of Colonel Edwards, occupied the left; the Fifth Georgia Regiment, the Firs and Third Georgia Reserves, under Colonel Daniel, the right. It was reported that General Gartrell was slightly wounded by a fragment of a shell before he reached the field.

The German Artillery, Captain Bachman, rendered very efficient service on the left, as was proved by the number of dead from in their front. Major Jenkins, commanding the cadets, was particularly conspicuous during the morning fight. Colonel Edwards deserves especial credit for the admirable disposition of his troops.

The enemy's loss, though not accurately ascertained, must have been heavy, as quite a number of his dead were left on the field. Our casualties during the day were 52 killed and wounded. A tabulated list is herewith inclosed.

Both the officers and men of my command behaved well. Captains Haxall and Worthington and Lieutenant Johnston and Stoney rendered most valuable assistance in the execution of orders while the fight was progressing.

I am, major, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. ROBERTSON,

Brigadier-General.

Major CHARLES S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston, S. C.

