
DECEMBER 13-19, 1864. -Expedition from Barrancas, Fla., to Pollard, Ala., and skirmishers.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Thomas J. McKean, U. S. Army, commanding District of West Florida.

Numbers 2. - General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Thomas J. McKean, U. S. Army, commanding District of West Florida. HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA, Barrancas, Fla., December 19, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that an expedition sent out from here under Colonel Robinson, Ninety-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, reached Pollard on the 16th; destroyed the depot and other public buildings, and a large amount of public property, consisting of forage, clothing, camp and garrison equiPAGE, &amp;c. ; also, the railroad for miles, including, several bridges, one very important one over the Little Escambia River. On their return our troops encountered a force of the enemy from Mobile, and considerable severe fighting took place at all the streams from the Little Escambia to Pine Barren Creek, when the enemy was finally handsomely repulsed, and did not show himself again. The expedition returned here to-day, bringing some 30 prisoners.

Our loss is 1 officer and 16 men killed and 3 officers and 61 men wounded. Colonel Robinson, commanding the expedition, severely, though not dangerously, wounded.,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans, La.

Numbers 2. Report of General G. T. Beauregard. CHARLESTON, December 22, 1864.

(Received 23d.)

On the 16th instant enemy, 800 strong, occupied Pollard. After burning Government and railroad buildings, retreated in the direction they came. They were pursued thirty miles, losing a portion of their transportation, baggage, and supplies, leaving many dead negro troops on the road. Our forces, commanded by General Lidell, acted with spirit and gallantry.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

General COOPER.

(Same to President, Secretary of War, and General Bragg.)

29 R R-VOL XLIV

