
December 10. -Marched on the Savannah and Augusta road; found the enemy's intrenched line crossing the road near the Four-Mile Post. After reconnoitering the corps took position in front of the enemy-the left on Savannah River, the right on Georgia Central Railroad. Remained in this position until the 21st, when, the enemy having evacuated, the corps took possession of the city. A small steamer (Ida) was captured in the Savannah River and burned on the 10th.

December 12. -The steamer Resolute was captured.

December 19. -The Second Brigade, First Division, w as sent across the river to the South Carolina side, returning upon the occupation of the city. Upon taking possession of the city Brigadier-General Geary was detailed as post commander and the Second Division as guards and patrols. The First and Third Divisions placed in position on west side of city, occupying a line from Savannah River to Georgia Central Railroad.

Positions unchanged at the end of the month. Casualties, 114.

First Division.

[November.]-The division remained in camp about Atlanta until the morning of the 15th.

November 10. -An order was received from Major-General Slocum, who had been placed in command of the Left Wing, army of Georgia, assigning Brigadier General A. S. Williams to the command of the Twentieth Corps.

November 11. -Brigadier General N. J. Jackson, who had been ordered to report for duty to General Williams, was by him assigned to the temporary command of the First Division, twentieth Corps.

November 15. -At 7. 30 a. M. the division marched out of Atlanta on the Decatur road; passed to the right of Stone Mountain, near which place the Third Brigade destroyed several miles of the Augusta railroad; passed through Social Circle and Madison, and at the latter place took a southeasterly direction, leaving the Augusta railroad and passing through Eatonton; crossed Little River and reached Milledgeville, the capital of Georgia, on the afternoon of the 22d. Remained near the city for one day.

November 24. -Marched in the morning toward Ogeechee River; skirmished with the enemy's cavalry while entering Sandersville.

November 26. -In the afternoon the division struck the Georgia Central Railroad at Tennille Station (Numbers 13), from which point the division, in connection with the Second Division (General Geary's), tore up the railroad to the Ogeechee River nearly forty miles.

November 30. -Crossed the Ogeechee River in the afternoon four miles south of Louisville.

December 1. -The division was in camp near Louisville, Ga., and at noon resumed the march toward Savannah.

December 2. -Passed through Birdville.

December 3. -Crossed the Waynesborough railroad three miles north of Millen.

December 8. -Passed through Springfield.

December 9. -Came upon a force of the enemy occupying two redoubts, with one piece of artillery commanding the road. While Colonel Selfridge (commanding the First Brigade) occupied the attention of the enemy in front, the Second Brigade (Colonel Carman's) was sent to the enemy's left to get to his rear, if possible, and the Third Brigade (Colonel Robinson's) to his right. Owing to the difficult nature of the

