
DECEMBER 20, 1864. -Skirmish near the Pocotaligo Road, S. C.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel Edward N. Hallowell, Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Coast Division.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Colonel Charles T. Trowbridge, Thirty-third U. S. Colored Troops.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Edward N. Hallowell, Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Coast Division. HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, COAST DIVISION, December 21, 1864.

I have the honor to report that the Thirty-third U. S. Colored Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel C. T. Trowbridge commanding, returned last night at 7 o'clock from their reconnaissance. Leaving camp at 3. 30 p. m. they proceeded northward and took the direction of the Tullifinny Creek. When about two miles, and a half from our lines, the column changed direction to the right, and proceeded in an easterly course till they found an outpost of the enemy. Two companies were detached with a view to capturing the post, but were discovered and the alarm given. The enemy, 300 strong, formed line of battle, and made a stand in the skirts of the woods, near the Pocotaligo road, when Lieutenant-Colonel Trowbridge charged them and drove them back into the woods on the right. We here captured some of their blankets, overcoats, haversacks, canteen, &amp;c., and them moved down the Pocotaligo road to camp.

Our casualties in this action are 7 wounded, 1 mortally; no prisoners were captured, and the loss of the enemy is not known.

Inclosed is Lieutenant-Colonel Trowbridge's report, including a nominal list of casualties.

First Lieutenant C. H. Robbins, Twenty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, accompanied Lieutenant-Colonel Trowbridge, and rendered very valuable serviced as guide.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. N. HALLOWELL,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Lieutenant L. B. PERRY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles T. Trowbridge, Thirty-third U. S. Colored Troops. HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-THIRD U. S. COLORED TROOPS, In the Field, December 21, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with instructions received from the colonel commanding brigade, I proceeded at 3. 30 p. m. yesterday, the 20th, with 300 men of my command, along the right bank of the Tullifinny to a point two miles beyond our picketline; then turned to the right and endeavored to strike the Pocotaligo road, a mile beyond the plantation house known as the Thomas Stewart place. When within three-quarters of a mile of the Pocotaligo road I encountered a strong cavalry picket-line of the enemy, apparently so posted that his left rested on the Pocotaligo River, his right reaching

