
around to a swamp on the west side oft he road and nearly a mile from it. As soon as I encountered the picket I ordered a halt and sent two companies, under the command of Major Whitney, who were ordered to get between the enemy's pickets and the swamp and capture them if possible; but in so doing they were discovered and fired upon by the enemy. They returned the fire, gave the alarm, and immediately the enemy's picket- line retired to their reserves, dismounted, formed line f battle, apparently 300 strong, under cover of the woods in my front, and opened a brisk fire on my men. If then sent forward a company of skirmishers to engage the enemy until the two companies under Major Whitney had rejoined the main column. I then formed line of battle and charged across the open field into the woods and routed the enemy, who broke and led in the direction of the railroad, The number of the enemy killed or wounded is not known, but one killed was found on the field; but from the number of haversacks, blankets, and forage (all of which was destroyed on the field or brought away), their loss must have been considerable. The enemy had no artillery, but their cavalry horses are apparently very fine and the men armed with good carbines. My casualties were 7 enlisted men wounded, 4 seriously and 3 slightly.

My observations yesterday have convinced me that the only way to reach the railroad with a force from our present position is by the way of the Pocotaligo road, as the country on our left is full of swamps, which are impassable for anything except light troops. The Pocotaligo road between our entrenchments and the Stewart plantation I fund obstructed in three places by felled trees.

My thanks are due to Lieutenant Robbins, of the Twenty- sixth U. S. Colored Troops, who proved himself to be a brave and efficient officer.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. TROWBRIDGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant GEORGE F. McKAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORRESPONDENCE, ORDERS, AND RETURNS RELATING TO OPERATION IN SOUTH CAROLINA, Georgia, AND FLORIDA, FROM NOVEMBER 14 TO DECEMBER 31, 1864.

UNION CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 124. In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., Nov. 14, 1864.

The armies will begin the movement on Milledgeville and Gordon to- morrow, the 15th of November, as follows:

I. The Right Wing will move, via McDonough and Monticello, to Gordon.

II. The Left Wing, General Slocum, will move, via Covington, Social Circle, and Madison, to Milledgeville, destroying the railroad in a most through manner from Yellow River Madison.

III. The cavalry, General Kilpatrick commanding, will move in concept with the Right Wing, feigning strong in the direction of Forsyth and Macon, but will cross the Ocmulgee on the pontoon bridge of General Howard.

