
IX. Major C. Landgraeber, First [Second] Missouri Light Artillery, will report for duty to Major A. C. Waterhouse, chief of artillery Seventeenth Army Corps.

* * * *

XI. This army will move forward toward McDonough, Ga., making twenty miles, if practicable, as follows:

1. The First Alabama Cavalry, Colonel Spenceer commanding, will take the advance at 5. 30 a. m., on the direct Atlanta and McDonough road. /

2. Major General F. P. Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, will move his command at 6. 30 a. m. following the First Alabama Cavalry, on the Atlanta and McDonough road.

3. Major General P. J. Osterhaus, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will move out his command at daylight, taking the road to McDonough via Rough and Ready.

4. The train of these headquarters will follow the ordnance train of the leading division of the Fifteenth Corps. The engineer regiment with the bridge train and the supply trains of this headquarters, in charge of Colonel Conklin, chief quartermaster, will move in advance of the rear division of the Seventeenth Cops. The supply train of General Kilpatrick's cavalry in the rear of that corps for rear guard. The cattle in charge of Lieutenant Todd, acting commissary of subsistence, will move on the Atlanta and McDonough road, pushing forward when practicable through the fields. The position of the several trains will be in accordance with the instructions of Major-General Sherman, as contained in Special Field Orders, Numbers 120.

XII. The Fourth Independent company Ohio Cavalry, escort at these headquarters, having been recruited to the maximum, is restored to its company organization; and Captain John L. King, commanding, having been duly appointed and commissioned, will be mustered in, to date September 7, 1864, at which time he had the complement of men to entitle him to be mustered.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

White Hall, Ga., November 14, 1864.

As the Fifteenth Corps will probably be the right of the army in its advance, division commanders will have a chain of flankers out on all sides, covering not only the troops but principally the train. it is imperative that the column should remain well closed up during the march. To gain this end the leading division will moderate its gait, and not move over two miles an hour, allowing a rest of five or ten minutes every hour. The regiments in themselves must preserve their compactness. After having started abut one hour the commander of the leading division will halt his column for about twenty or their minutes, to give every person who may be delayed in camp time to join his company and take his place.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

FRED K. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

