
The column will be formed according to Special Orders, Numbers 171, paragraph 1, from these headquarters.

The Fourth Division having not yet reported, General Smith, of Third Division, will detail two regiments of infantry as rear guard behind his train.

The department headquarters trains follow in rear of ordnance train First Division.

IV. Each division will be preceded by a strong provost guard, under a conscientious and reliable commander, who will see that no willful vandalism is perpetrated by worthless characters leaving their command. He will place one or more guards to all dwellings occupied by citizens, to be relieved by the division following.

Forage parties will on no pretense be permitted to enter houses except by written authority from their division commanders. Foraging parties not ordered in accordance with Special orders, numbers 164, paragraph III, are strictly forbidden and must be arrested by the provost guards and turned over to their respective commanders.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

FRED K. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS. Numbers 238. White Hall., GA., November 14, 1864.

* * * *

II. The attention of the general commanding having been called to the irregular manner in which picket duty was heretofore being carried on, and the gross negligence of both officers and men being brought to his notice, it is required that from this time and during the coming campaign strict attention must be paid by officers and men to the performance of this most important duty. When the pickets are relieved they must all be assembled by the picket officer in charge, and marched from the picket- lion in a body, and not be permitted, as has heretofore frequently been the case, to wander into camp at their leisure. The officer in command will himself be held responsible that the men under his charge do not discharge their fire- arms upon being relieved, and any violation of this order will be brought against the officer as disobedience of orders on his part.

III. The transportation of the command having been so materially reduced, the attention of regimental commanders is called to the propriety of dispensing with many extra duty men that heretofore may have been necessary. Regimental blacksmiths, wagon- masters, and men of that class, are no longer required, and should be forthwith placed in the ranks.

* * * *

X. This division will move from its present camp toward Rough and Ready at 6. 30 o'clock, promptly, to- morrow a. m., in the following order: First, Second Brigade, each regiment to be followed by one ambulance. Second, battery of artillery, without caissons or battery wagon, followed by one regiment of the Second Brigade. Third, pioneers. Fourth, the brigade tool wagon and regimental trains. Fifth, First Brigade, each regiment of which will be followed by one ambulance, the regimental wagon, and one wagon infantry ammunition. Sixth, one-half of the division supply; y train, followed by five wagons

