
infantry ammunition. This train will be guarded by one regiment from the First Brigade, to be distributed by companies along the train. Seventh, Third Brigade, each regiment to be followed by one ambulance, the regimental wagon, and one wagon infantry ammunition. Eighth, headquarters trains department, Fifteenth Army Corps, of First Division, and of brigades, followed by the ambulance train and medical wagons, and there manning half of the division supply train and the balance of the ordnance train, the above train to be guarded by one regiment of the Third Brigade, which will march by companies distributed along the column. Ninth, rear guard of one regiment from the Third Brigade; two companies of this, however, will be sent forward at the head of the column as guard for the houses.

By order of Brigadier General Charles R. Woods:

FRED. H. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 64. White Hall., GA., November 14, 1864.

I. In order to carry out the directions of higher commanders, the supply, ordnance, and ambulance trains will be divided into three equal parts, and each assigned to the charge of a brigade quartermaster, who will assign one wagon of ammunition and an ambulance to each regiment of his brigade, and will march the remainder in the rear of the troops of the brigade Regimental wagons will go in rear of their respective regiments, and all other brigade wagons in rear of their respective brigades, and all division wagons not included above in rear of the division.

II. Whenever a brigade performs the duty of advance or rear guard to the corps, its wagons will move in rear of the division.

III. Wagons and ambulances assigned to brigades will form permanent sections and will be parked separately. Brigade commanders will furnish proper guards to them when marching and when in park. Quartermasters and wagon- masters will at all times on the march remain with their trains, and will at once turn out broken wagons, or turn the column past them; will, when locking, cause the wagons to double, so as to lose no time; will cause the trains to pull out of the road and park whenever troops halt; and in every way exercise such authority and attention as will prevent any delay of the column in rear.

By order of Brigadier General W. B. Hazen:

G. LOFLAND,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 181. Near Atlanta, GA., November 14, 1864.

* * * *

III. This division will move toward Rough and Ready to- morrow morning at 8 a. m., in the following order: First, third Brigade, Colonel Oliver commanding; second, Second Brigade, colonel W. S. Jones commanding;

