
third, First Brigade, colonel Theodore Jones commanding Reveille will be sounded at 5 a. m. Brigade commanders will see that their buglers repeat the calls sounded at these headquarters.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier General W. B. Hazen:

G. LOFLAND,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 92. White Hall., GA., November 14, 1864.

Brigade and detachment commanders will hold their respective commands unreadiness to move promptly at 9. 30 a. m. to- morrow, the 15th instant, with three days' rations in haversacks.

Order of march: First, one regiment Second Brigade in advance, followed by one regimental wagon and one ambulance; second, pioneer corps, tool wagons, and one wagon; third, remained of Second Brigade, each regiment to be followed by one wagon and one ambulance; fourth, two regiments First Brigade, each regiment followed by one wagon and one ambulance; fifth, ammunition train; sixth, division headquarters train and provost guard; seventh, Second Brigade terrain; eighth, First Brigade wagons; ninth, quartermaster's train; tenth, supply train; eleventh, remainder of ambulance corps not otherwise assigned; twelfth, two regiments First Brigade, each regiment followed by one wagon and one ambulance; thirteenth, one regiment First Brigade, which will be divided upon each flank of the trains well deployed; and when the country is open, will move parallel with the trains at a distance of 200 yards from the same; when the country will not admit of this, it will close into the trains, and the commanding officer will be held strictly responsible that the men march in an orderly and soldierly manner and that they carry their arms and accouterments at all times.

No foraging will be permitted without authority from these headquarters, and, when necessary, directions will be given in what manner it shall be done. Officers and men are again reminded of the danger of straggling when marching in the enemy's country. All orders heretofore issued for discipline while on the march or in camp must be rigidly enforced, and officers will be held responsible for the manner in which their duties are performed.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. BUDLONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,

FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, Turner's Ferry, November 14, 1864.

I. This command will move to- morrow, the 15th instant, as follows: Captain Benjamin, acting assistant quartermaster of this division, will move his supply train at 4 a. m. sharp to Atlanta and load the train with supplies, and again join the command at once. The Second Brigade will act as escort, and take their brigade train with hem. The remainder of the command will move at 7 a. m. in the following order: One regiment of the First Brigade, next the pioneer corps, and then

