
ground the Second Brigade did not succeed in reaching the desired position before the movement of the Third Brigade compelled the enemy to evacuate his position.

December 10. -Came upon the enemy, posted in a line of strong works covering the city of Savannah, about four miles from the city. Took position before the enemy's works and remained in position until the 21st, during which time the Second Brigade (Colonel Carman's) was sent to the South Carolina shore.

December 21. -The city was found to have been evacuated by the enemy. The division was brought to the city on the 21st and 22d, its right resting on the Savannah River, and remained in that position during the remainder of the month.

First Brigade, first Division.

[November.]-This brigade was encamped near Atlanta, Ga., until the 15th, when it broke camp and marched via Decatur, Madison, and Milledgeville, and reached the vicinity of Louisville on the 30th. On the route the brigade tore up and burned railroad tracks, &amp;c., and subsisted chiefly on the country.

December 1. -Started from Louisville, Ga., and joined the Third Division of this corps, guarding train of that division until the 3rd, when the brigade joined the First Division of this corps.

December 9. -Nothing of note occurred up to this date. When about thirteen miles northwest of Savannah, this brigade having the lead, we came to a portion of the road which was completely obstructed by slashed timber, at the end of which the enemy was fortified. The Fifth Connecticut Veteran Volunteers was deployed as skirmishers, supported by the remaining three regiments of this brigade, and, in conjunction with the Second and Third Brigades of this division, drove the enemy from their works, capturing a few prisoners. Three men of the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers were wounded.

December 10. -Marched about nine miles and encamped about four miles from Savannah, where the enemy was strongly fortified. The brigade connected on the left with General Geary's division and on the right with the Third Brigade of this division. Here we remained until the 21st, when it was discovered that the enemy had evacuated. The brigade moved within a mile of the city to its present encampment.

During the whole campaign the brigade subsisted chiefly on the country, destroyed 20 miles of railroad, 73 bales of cotton, 5 cotton gins, picked up about 100 negroes and 40 horses and mules.

Second Brigade, First Division.

November 1. -The brigade still doing duty in Atlanta.

November 15. -Left Atlanta on campaign through Georgia, the Twentieth and Fourteenth Corps forming Left Wing, army of Georgia; passed through Decatur and Stone Mountain.

November 18. -Marched through Social Circle.

November 19. -Marched through Madison.

November 21. -Marched through Eatonton.

November 22. -Marched through Milledgeville.

November 24. -Crossed Bluff Creek.

November 25. -Crossed Buffalo Creek.

