
SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 149. In the Field, GA., November 14, 1864.

* * * *

VI. The troops of this command will move at 6. 30 a. m. to- morrow, in the following order: First, Second Brigade; second, artillery; third, ordnance train, ten teams; fourth, headquarters train; fifth, supply train, twenty- six teams; sixth, First Brigade, five regiments; seventh, ordnance train, ten teams; eight, supply train, twenty-s even teams; ninth, one regiment First Brigade. Regimental wagons and one ambulance will accompany each regiment; surplus ambulances in rear of each brigade; brigade trains in rear of ordnance train after each brigade.

VII. The Seventeenth Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry is transferred from the First to the Second Brigade, this command, and will report accordingly.

By order of Brigadier General M. D. Leggett:

J. C. DOUGLASS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,

Atlanta, GA., November 14, 1864.

The Twentieth Corps will move on the Decatur road to- morrow at 7 a. m., except the provost guard, under Colonel Cogswell, which will remain I Atlanta until all the troops have passed through the city, when it will joint he Fourteenth Corps. Colonel Cogswell, which will remain in Atlanta until all the troops have passed through the city, when it will join the Fourteenth Corps. Colonel Cogswell will report to Major General J. C. Davis, commanding Fourteenth Cops, on his arrival at this place. The regiments detailed for duty in the quartermaster's and commissary departments are hereby relieved, and will report at once to their respective brigades. Guards for public property now undercharge of these regiments will be furnished by Colonel Cogswell ; Colonel Buell, commanding pontoon train, will report to Major- General Davis, commanding Fourteenth Corps, and will accompany his corps on the march. Colonel Acker, commanding cavalry, will report this evening in person to Brigadier General . A. S. Williams, commanding Twentieth Corps, for instructions.

By order of Major General H. W. Solum:

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, November 14, 1864.

General DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

GENERAL: You aide, Litchfield, has reported all right and the general is much pleased with your progress. All is working well here. General Howard is all up and will move out toward McDonough early in the morning, and the Twentieth Cops also moves. General Howard will destroy at once the bridge at Turner's, and General Sherman desires you to effectually destroy the bridge by which your corps crosses the Chattahoochee. Your march to- morrow will be easy, about two miles beyond the city.

I am, General, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide- de- Camp.

