HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,Atlanta, GA., November 14, 1864.

Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

On the march from this point to Madison I shall accompany the Twentieth Corps, I shall endeavor to have this corps encamp Tuesday night near Stone Mountain, Wednesday night near Sheffield, Thursday night near Social Circle, and Friday night at Madison. You will move your corps on roads to the right of the one taken by the Twentieth Corps. I would advise you to move direct to Flat Rock, thence, via Snapping [Snapfinger!] Shoals, to Covington, thence to Madison via Brick Store. You will order the command under Colonel Cogswell to join the Twentieth Corps on your arrival at Madison or whenever the two corps may be in the same vicinity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 19. Chattahoochee River, November 14, 1864.

The troops will move to-morrow int he following order:

General Baird will move his division at daylight through Atlanta, and camp on the McDonough road beyond the town.

General Carlin will follow General Baird and cam in the same vicinity. He will leave either the Thirteenth or the Twenty- first Michigan camped on this side of the bridge, with directions to guard it until further orders.

General Morgan on arriving at the river will follow General Carlin. The trains of General Bailrd and his artillery will move in advance of the corps supply train and those of the other divisions in its rear. The trains will move at daylight, and the infantry will march beside them so as not to interfere with them.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY FOR Georgia,Atlanta, GA., November 14, 1864.

Brigadier General A. S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Twentieth Corps:

The major- General commanding directs that should Fourteenth corps reach the Chattahoochee to- night, you will have all of the troops of the Twentieth Corps moved into Atlanta at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E., w. GUINDON,

Major and Aide- de- Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, Numbers 20. Atlanta, GA., November 14, 1864.

During the campaign about to commence the organization of the pioneers of this corps will be as follows:

At the headquarters of the corps, a battalion, to consist of six companies; at headquarters of each division, one company. The battalion

