
will be organized from the pioneer companies now with the brigades. Each division commander will detail two of his present brigade pioneer companies, which will report at these headquarters with all their arms, equipments, and tools, to Captain George E. Johnson, commanding pioneer battalion. The company belonging to the other brigade will be retained for duty with the division.

The battalion will always march at the head of the column, and be prepared to do such work as may be needed. The men will always carry their tools and arms.

The quartermaster's department will furnish a wagon for the use of the battalion, in which the knapsacks, &amp;c., may be carried.

One wagon- load of tools will also be sent from each division, to report to Captain Johnson, for use by the battalion.

By command of Brigadier-General Williams:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, Numbers 21. Atlanta, GA., November 14, 1864.

During the campaign about to commence this corps will generally march on one road.

The following general orders will govern, in the absence of others: On the first day the order of march will be- First Division, Second Division, Third Division. on the succeeding day's march the division leading on the previous day will march in the rear, and the center division of the previous day will take the advance thus alternating on each succeeding day's march. The leading brigade of the leading division and the rear brigade of the rear division will be entirely unencumbered with wagons or ambulances, and will be at all times ready for action.

The artillery will habitually march - one battery with the leading division, one with the rear division, and two with the center division; . Each regiment, except those in the two brigades before mentioned, will be followed by its regimental wagon and one ambulance; each brigade, by its brigade ambulances, the wagons attached to the brigade, and its proportion of the division supply and ammunition train s. The wagons attached to the artillery will follow their respective batteries; those belonging to the headquarters of the corps, the chief commissary, and the chief quartermaster, will march immediately in rear of the leading division, unless otherwise ordered. The leading brigade will be followed by, and the rear brigade preceded by, its regimental and brigade supply and ammunition wagons.

Each brigade commander will detail a foraging party, to be sent out daily, under directions from he division commander. Each brigade quartermaster will furnish the wagons t forage for his brigade, and the brigade commander will furnish a strong guard to accompany them, under the command of a commissioned officer.

The picket duty for the corps will be done by the second brigade (in line) of the leading division, and the commanding officer of that brigade will be the general officer of the day.

The attention of all commanding officers is called to the necessity of economizing ammunition, and supplies generally; the practice of wasteful

