
picket firing, at night especially, must be checked by officers of the guard and of the day, who will be held strictly accountable in this particular.

Straggling and pillaging must be stopped by the most prompt measures; the safely of the corps depends upon this. To this end staff officers of divisions and brigades will be kept along their respective commands, who will report frequently. If any considerable break in the march is made it will be reported at once to the corps commander, who will habitually be found near the head of the leading division.

This ordered and Special Field Order, Numbers 120, Military Division of the Mississippi,* will be communicated to all officers and men int he line and int he staff departments.

By command of Brigadier General A. S. Williams:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Atlanta, GA., November 14, 1864.

This corps will march to- morrow (under the orders already published) as follows: ; The First Division at 7 a. m. the Second Division at 8 a. m. ; the Third Division at 9 a. m. All detachments and guards in or about the city, except those from the Second Massachusetts Volunteers, the Thirty- third Massachusetts Volunteers, or the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, will be called in at daylight inn the morning and rejoin their respective commands. These three regiments will remain on duty in the city until its complete evacuation, when they (under the command of Colonel Cogswell) will join the Fourteenth Corps, marching with it until such time as they can rejoin their proper commands. The ammunition train of the Artillery Brigade will march I rear of the center division.

By command of Brigadier-General Williams:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,

Atlanta, GA., November 14, 1864.

This division will march to- morrow at 7 a. m. (under the orders already published), in the following order; First Brigade in advance, the Second Brigade following, and the Third Brigade in the rear. This order of march will be followed for three consecutive days, unless otherwise ordered. All detachments and guards in or about the city belonging to this command, except those from the Second Massachusetts Volunteers, will be called in at daylight to- morrow and rejoin their respective commands. Brigade commanders and officers in command of trains are referred for further instructions to General Orders, Numbers 21, headquarters Twentieth Corps, current series. +

By command of Brigadier General J. J. Jackson:

GEO. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See VOL. XXXIX, Part II, p. 713.

+See p. 462.

---------------

