
The health of the department is good, and with the precautions taken, and the lateness of the season, I apprehend no cases of yellow fever, even with the intercourse by flags of truce. Eight officers of the U. S. Army, escaped prisoners from Columbia, arrived here to- day.

Very resentfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major- General, Commanding.

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Atlanta, GA., Numbers 125. November 15, 1864.

I. Surg. John Moore, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby announced as chief medical director of this army, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * *

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide- de- Camp.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 168 Near Stockbridge, GA., November 15, 1864.

The army will resume its march to- morrow as follows: First, the First and Second Divisions of the Fifteenth Corps, on the road to McDonough via Stackbridge, moving out at 6 a. m., followed by the Seventeenth Corps at 8 o'clock; second, the Third and Fourth Divisions of the Fifteenth Corps will move on a road to the right leading into the Jonesborough and McDonough road, on which they will proceed to McDonough; third, the trains will move as in march of to- day with respective brigades and division; fourth, the engineer regiment with the bridge train and the supply trains of this headquarters will move in advance of the rear division of the Seventeenth Corps; fifth, the supply train of General Kilpatrick's cavalry will follow the Seventeenth Cops, with two regiments from that corps as rear guard; sixth, the cattle, in charge of Lieutenant Todd, acting commissary of subsistence, will follow the Seventeenth Coops. The trains not having been well closed up to- day, nearly double the space was occupied that should have been. Corps commanders will see that this is corrected hereafter.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Nashville, TENN., November 15, 1864.

Major General J. A. LOGAN,

Carbonadale, Ill.:

It is not possible to overtake your command. Remain at home until you recover.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

30 R R- VOL XLIV

