HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Stockbridge, GA., November 15, 1864.

Major General P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major- General commanding directs me to say, in sending inclosed order of march,* that although your proposed route is good, he does not deem it necessary to alter the order of march from that marked out. you can move your First Division as indicated in the order, a d General Hazen's division by the way of Lee's Mill, on a road leading out near his present amp. Generals Smith's and Corse's divisions are so far behind that they can take the road through Jonesborough. The general directs me also to say that the trains from some cause were not to- day properly closed up, and he fears not as well guarded as they should have been, considering the proximity of the enemy's cavalry. He wishes them more carefully attended to and kept up. Flankers should be put out and every preparation made to repel any dash of the enemy's cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 172. In the Field, GA., November 15, 1864.

* * * *

II. In accordance with orders the corps will resume its march to- morrow as follows: The Second Division, Brigadier-General Hazen commanding, will have the advance and will leave camp at 6 a. m. and march for the Jonesborough and McDonough road, following the same to the latter place. The supply trains of the First and Second Divisions will fall in rear of their respective commands, with only one regiment as rear guard for each train. Major Stolbrand, commanding Artillery Brigade, will detail one light battery to report to Brigadier-General Hazen for assignment to position with the advance brigade, The two remaining batteries will report to Brigadier-General Woods, who will place them in rear oft he leading brigade of his division. The train guards of to- day were not considered sufficiently strong. Division commanders will therefore e- enforce them. There should be at least two or three regiments on the flank of each division train. The attention of Generals Smith and Corse is particularly called to the security of their trains; they being exposed to cavalry dashes, strong flanking and rear guards are very necessary,By order of major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

FRED K. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST. DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, GA., November 15, 1864.

This division will march at 7 a. m. to- morrow in the direction of McDonough, following that of Brigadier-General Hazen, in the following order: Fist, First Brigade, each regiment to be followed by one ambulance,

---------------

*See Special Field Orders, numbers 168, p. 465.

---------------

