
regimental team, and one wagon infantry ammunition. Second, pioneers. Third, headquarters' train First Division, half of the supply train, and the ordnance train of the division; one regiment of the First Brigade will escort this train, marching by companies long the column. Fourth, third Brigade, one ambulance, regimental team, and one wagon infantry ammunition following each regiment. Fifth, the retaining half of the supply train, followed by the ambulance corps and medical wagons; one regiment oft he Third Brigade will escort this train, marching by companies along the column. Sixth, second Brigade, each regiment followed by one ambulance, regimental wagon, and one wagon infantry ammunition. Each brigade will be immediately followed by the headquarters teams of that brigade. The commanding officer of the Second Brigade will detail two companies from his rear regiment to march at the head oft he column as provost guards for dwellings. The Seventeenth Army Corps follows the First Division on the same road.

By order of Brigadier General C. R. Woods:

FRED. H. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV, 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 80. White Hall., GA., November 15, 1864.

I. George F. F French, surgeon U. S. Volunteers, having reported for duty at these headquarters by order of major- General commanding the department, is hereby announced as medical director of the division. Surg. B. N. Bond, Twenty- seventh Missouri infantry, surgeon- in- chief of this division, is relieved from such duty, and will report to the commanding officer of his regiment.

By order of Brigadier General C. R. Woods:

FRED. . H. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 93. In the Field, GA., November 15, 1864.

This division will march at 6 a. m. to- morrow, the 16th instant. Order of march: First, one regiment First Brigade in advance, followed by one wagon and one ambulance; second, pioneer corps, to wagons, one wagon (baggage), and one ambulance; third, remainder of First Brigade, each regiment to be followed by one wagon and one ambulance; fourth, ammunition train; fifth, division headquarters train and provost guard; sixth, First Brigade train; seventh, second Brigade train; eighth, quartermaster's train; ninth, supply train; tenth, remainder of ambulance corps not otherwise assigned; eleventh, two regiments Second Brigade, well deployed, one upon each flank of the entire train; twelfth, remainder of Second Brigade as rear guard- their wagons and ambulances will be placed between the regiments. The attention of General Raum is particularly directed to the security of the trains, and he will, when on the march, take such steps as he may think necessary for their protection.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. BUDLONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

