
SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS. No. 5. In the Field, near East Point, November 15, 1864.

* * * *

III. This command will be ready to move to- morrow, the 16th instant, at 6. 30 a. M. in the following order: The infantry will move on either side of the trains, with the exception that the First Brigade will have one regiment in advance and the Second Brigade will have one regiment act as rear guard. After the advance regiment follows the pioneer offs, and then the battery. All wagons will close on the battery- first, the pioneer corps train; second, the First Brigade train; third, the Third Brigade train; fourth, the Second Brigade train; fifth, the ordnance train; sixth, the supply train; seventh, the ambulance train. The Third Brigade will move int he center. The column will not move until orders are given from these headquarters and it is ascertained the road is clear ahead of us.

By order of Brigadier General J. M. Corse:

L. CARPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY FOR THE TENNESSEE,Near Stockbridge, GA., November 15, 1864.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major- General commanding directs me to say, in sending you inclosed order* of march for to- morrow, that you will find it to advantage to cut a rad parallel to the main road, and which will enter the main road a little east of these headquarters. The general suggests that you set the pioneers at work as early as 6. 30 o'clock. Lieutenant- Colonel Strong will indicate the point where such road will enter the main road. The general wishes me to call your attention to the necessity of keeping the trains well closed up and properly guarded. Flankers should be kept out, and every preparation made to repel any attack of the enemy's cavalry.

I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 282. Mitchell's House, GA., November 15, 1864.

* * * *

II. The orders for the movement to- morrow are as follows:

1. Brigadier General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will move out at 8 a. m.

2. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will follow the Fourth Division, moving at 9 o'clock.

3. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will follow the First Division, moving at 10 o'clock.

4. Major A. C. Waterhouse, commanding Artillery Brigade, will assign a battery to each division, to move as the division commander may direct.

5. The trains will move as in the march to- day.

---------------

*See Special Field Orders, numbers 168, p. 465.

---------------

