
too much delay, send eastward to the Oconee River, and destroy the railroad bridge, and also the wagon- road bridge. By looking at the map, you will see a force sufficient to dot his work can be sent from Madison, and afterward join you farther on. it is important they should be destroyed.

I am, General, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide- de- Camp.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 20.)Atlanta, GA., November 15, 1864.

Orders for to- morrow, November 16, 1864: General Carlin will march, accompanied with all his trains (including his supply train) and his Baird, accompanied by all his trains and his artillery, will follow General Carolina t 9 a. m. Colonel Buell, with his command and the pontoon train, will follow General Baird, and will be followed by corps headquarters trains and the reserve artillery. General Morgan will march, accompanied by all his trains and artillery, int he rear of corps headquarters. Colonel Cogswell, post commander, will move his command in the rear of General Morgan and will form the rear guard of the corps. . Camping- grounds for the different divisions will be designated by the corps commander, and division commoners will habitually, until further orders, arrange for the security of their own divisions by posting the necessary pickets. The pickets will be posted with the countersign and parole furnished from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 16. Atlanta, November 15, 1864.

* * * *

V. Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Brigham, Sixty- ninth Ohio Veteran Infantry, will assume command of the Second Brigade, composed of the Sixty- ninth Ohio and Thirteenth and Twenty- first Michigan Volunteers.

By order of Brigadier General W. P. Carlin:

G. W SMITH,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Atlanta, GA., November 15, 1864

Lieutenant Colonel PALMER,

Commanding Thirteenth Michigan Volunteers:

You will remain in your present position until dark, at which time, having collected all stragglers and having ascertained that all soldiers belonging to this army, as far as practicable, rare across the river, you will destroy the bridge across the Chattahoochee River and march to

