
this place, reporting to your division commander near the Decatur railroad, about a mile east of town. Send to- night a written report to these headquarters.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis;

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

November 15, 1864.

Each brigade commander will see that his troops and trains are kept well closed up at all times on the march with those preceding. If the train preceding him does not keep well closed, he will use his authority and make it move on out of the way. While on the march each command will conform to the movements of that preceding it, unless otherwise ordered. This will be done without awaiting orders.

By command of Brigadier General John W. Geary:

W. T. FORBES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 169. McDonough, GA., November 16, 1864.

The army will move forward to- morrow morning as follows:

1. One division of the Seventeenth Corps and the engineer regiment with the bridge train will move on the Keys Ferry road, via Henderson, to Planters' (sometimes called Nutting's) Factory. Captain Reese, chief engineer, will accompany and guide the column.

2. The other divisions of the Seventeenth Corps will move on direct Jackson road, through Jackson, to Planters' Factory.

3. The Fifteenth Corps will move to Plantarrs' Factory via Locust Grove, avoiding Jackson, if practicable.

4. All the columns will start at 6 a. m., and will be doubled on every road- the wagons, artillery, and ambulances forming one, and the troops the other, the road being sufficiently [wide] to admit of it.

5. The trains will move with their brigades and divisions as heretofore.

6. The train of General Kilpatrick's cavalry will follow the division of the Seventeenth Corps, via Jackson, with the rear guard from he Seventeenth Corps as heretofore.

7. The cattle in charge of Lieutenant Todd, acting commissary of subsistence, will follow the Seventeenth Corps, moving through the fields whenever practicable.

8. The Ninth Ohio Cavalry will form the rear guard to the column on the direct Jackson road.

9. The train of these headquarters will follow the leading division of the Seventeenth Corps.

10. The supply trains of these headquarters will move in advance of rear division of the Seventeenth Army Corps.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

