
SPECIAL HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, near Cotton River, GA., Numbers 6. November 16, 1864.

* * * *

II. This command will move to- morrow, the 17th instant, at 6 a. m. The infantry, until otherwise ordered, will, whenever practicable, move on either side of the train. The order of march will be as follows: The Third Brigade will have the advance, and will have one regiment act as advance guard, and will be followed by the pioneer corps; next, the battery. The Second Brigade will have the center. All wagons will close on eh battery as follows: first, the pioneers corps train; second, the Third Brigade train; third, the Second Brigade train; fourth, the First Brigade train; fifth, the ordnance train; sixth, the supply train; seventh, the ambulance train. The First Brigade will be in the rear, and have on e regiment act as rear guard.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

L. CARPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,No 283. Near McDonough, GA., November 16, 1864.

The orders for the movement to- morrow are as follows:

1. Major General J. A . Mower, commanding First Division, will have the advance, moving out on the direct road to McDonough at 7 a. m.

2. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will follow the First Division, moving at 8 o'clock.

3. Brigadier General G. A Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will move his command at 5 a. m. on a road to be pointed out by Captain Reese, chief engineer Department and Army of the Tennessee, taking charge of the bridge train.

4. Major A. C. Waterhouse, commanding Artillery Brigade, will assign a battery to each division, to move as the division commander may direct.

5. The column will be doubled when the road is wide enough, the troops moving none side and the trains and artillery on the other.

6. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will detail two regimens to act as guard to the cavalry train.

7. The corps headquarters train will follow that part of the orennce train which moves directly in rear of the advance brigade of the First Division.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 151. In the Field, GA., November 16, 1864.

I. The troops of this command will move at - o'clock to morrow morning. Colonel R. K. Scott, commanding Second Brigade, will have the advance, disposing of his troops so as to afford assistance and protection to the artillery, ordnance train, division headquarters train, and

