
wagons, ambulances, and cattle will move in the above order daily till further orders. The brigades will change daily from right to rear as heretofore. The brigade last in the order of march will furnish two regimens as rear guard and guard for the train- fifteen companies to be distributed along the train and five companies as rear guard, whose duty it will be to bring up all stragglers. The troops marching with the train will assist the wagons over bad places, hills, &amp;c. The officer tin command of the rear and train guard will report, after he receives his detail from brigade headquarters, to Captain Stinson, provost- marshal of the division, for orders.

By order of Brigadier General James D. Morgan:

T. WISEMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,Near Rock Bridge, November 16, 1864.

Brigadier General A. S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Corps:

The major- General commanding directs that you move General Geary's division at 5 o'clock to- morrow morning, General Jackson at 6 o'clock. The animals must all be fed and watered at 4 o'clock, a d all quartermasters must give this matter their personal attention. General Ward and General Jackson will each detail eight regimens to assist their respective trains up the hills between here and General Gery's present camp, and at such other points as may be necessary on the march. All staff officers of the entire command will be distributed through the column to see that troops and trains are closed up an pushed forward as rapidly as possible. When a halt is ordered the troops and trains will always double up, and when possible the trains will park in the fields. General Geary will march as fair as Sheffield and there await orders. Brigade inspectors will attend personally to the feeding of the animals in the morning, and certify whether or not the quartermasters are present, are present, and whether the animals are fed as ordered.

Very respectfully, &c.,

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Yellow River, November 16 1864.

In compliance with orders from headquarters Left Wing, this corps will march to- morrow toward Social Circle. The Second Division will start at 5 a. m. ; the Third Division at 5 a. m. ; First Division at 6. Generals Ward and Geary will be in readiness to start promptly at the hour named. in order to facilitate the march the following regulations are hereby established and will remain in force until four there orders: All regimental quartermasters will report to the brigade quartermasters for assignment to duty with he trains. All officers of the quartermasters' department will remain constantly on duty with the wagon trains. Each division commander will detail a sufficient number of men accompany the trains, the each wagon will have one

