
man to lock and unlock the wheels. These men must not in any case be permitted to stray from the wagon to which they have been assigned. Brigadier-General Ward will detail 100 men to accompany and assist the trains of Captain Schoeninger and Captain Bickford. Each division commander will keep staff firs distributed with the train to keep it closed up and to urge it forward. Quartermasters are directed to put out of the trains all unauthorized vehicles that retard in the least the march.

By command of Brigadier General A. S. Williams:

ROBT P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Stone mountain, GA., November 16, 1864.

Brigadier General N. J. JACKSON,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The time of marching to- day is changed as follows: The Second Division will march at 8 a. m., Third Division at 9 a. m., First Division at 10 a. M. Commanders of divisions will instruct their subordinate commanders to have their troops give all necessary assistance to the trains while on the road to enable them to keep closed up.

By command of Brigadier-General Williams:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Geary and Ward.)

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near yellow River, GA., November 16, 1864.

In compliance with orders from headquarters f the corps, this division will move to- morrow at 6 a. m. in the direction of Social Circle. The animals will be fed and watered by 4 a. m., and all quartermasters will give their animals attention to this matter. The regulations for the march will be the same as those given verbally for to- day, viz: The two leading brigades and three regimens of the rear brigade will march by the side of the trains, and will give all necessary assistance to the wagons going up or down hill, or over bad places. The three remaining regiments of this rear brigade will form the rear guard. The staff officers of the brigades will be distributed through the column to see that the troops and trains are closed up and pushed forward as rapidly as possible. When a halt is ordered troops and trains will double up as much as possible. When a halt is ordered troops and trains will double up as much as possible. Brigade inspectors will attend personally to the feeding of the animals in the morning, and certify whether or not the quartermasters are present, and whether the animals are fed as ordered. Brigade commanders will hold regimental commanders responsible that three be no straggling either to the front or to the rear. Quartermasters are directed to put out of the train all unauthorized vehicles that retard int he least the march.

By command of Brigadier General N. J. Jackson:

GEO. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

