HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, ARMY OF Georgia,Near Stone mountain, GA., November 16, 1864.

Brigadier General J. W. GEARY,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the brigadier- General commanding to say that the pontoon train will move to- day in rear of the leading brigade of your division until we reach Yellow River. The headquarters train of the corps and the corps supply train will move in rear of the troops of the rear brigade of your division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBRT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,

Morris island, November 16, 1864.

Captain J. F. GREEN, U. S. Navy,

Commanding Blockading Squadron, off Charleston: L

SIR: Colonel Kozlay, commanding the post of Folly Island, reports that the senior naval officer at Stono has received instructions to be on the watch for four cotton- clad barges which the rebels have easy to send down. I have the honor to inquire whether you have any information as to the direction from which these barges may be expected, and as to the nature of the apprehended attack. The officer commanding Battery Numbers 2, on the left of Cole's Island has been ordered to exercise especial vigilance. This battery is directly on the bank of the Stono and nearly opposite the obstruction in that river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,

Morris Island, S. C., November 126, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: I have had the Union refugees sounded, with the view of learning whether any of them are wiling to return for the purpose of opening communication between us and those of our men who have enlisted in the rebel service. neither of the three enlisted men is willing to undertake it. Captain Epeneter, Sisth []Seventh] U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, says that he is ready to return for the suppose referred to, but wishes in the first place to visit his home. Captain E[penter] says he could make his way into Charleston, either directly from here or in a blockade- runner via Nassau. He knows the city well and has German friends residing there. All these escaped prisoners will go to the Hedad to- night, their term of quarantine having expired, and you can yourself see Captain Epenter, if you think fit. I send herewith the statement of these men, taken yesterday, and of which you desired a copy.

Very respectfully,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

