
SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 170. Jackson, GA., November 17, 1864.

The army will continue its march to- morrow, as follows:

1. Lieutenant- Colonel Tweeddale, commanding engineer regiment, will push the bridge train to Planters' Factory, starting at 5 a. m.

2. Brigadier General G. . A Smith, commanding Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, will follow the bridge train at 7 a. m.

3. Major- General Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, will move his other two divisions, starting at 7. 30 a. . on the direct road to Planter's Factory.

4. Major- General Osterhaus, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will move his command as follows: The Third Division will move at 6. 30 a. m., park his train near the river with a small guard, and cross the rest as fast as he can by the ferry. The remaining three divisions will be marched during the day to the vicinity of the river and take position covering all trains.

5. The entire crossing will be effected in the following order, viz: First, Kilpatrick's cavalry; second Third Division, Fifteenth Corps; third, Fourth Division, seventeenth corps; l fourth, remaining two divisions Seventeenth Corps; fifth, fourth Division, Fifteenth Corps; sixth, Second Division, Fifteenth Corps; seventh, first Division, Fifteenth Corps.

6. After having commenced crossing the bridge will be kept full night and day until the entire army is over.

7. At least a brigade of infantry from the First Division, Fifteenth Corps, will be retained on the bank till everything is crossed, and will fact as rear guard to all trains during the first day[s march after the bridge is taken up.

8. The troops will be posted on the other bank somewhat in the form of a bridge- head, the Seventeenth Corps on the left and Fifteenth on the right, leaving plenty of room for the trains.

9. The train of these headquarters will follow the ammunition train of the leading division of the Seventeenth Corps on the direct road.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT AND ARMY OFT HE TENN., Numbers 257. Louisville, Ky., November 17, 1864.

* * * *

II. By direction of Major- General Sherman, commanding military Division of the Mississippi, it is ordered that all officers and detachments of the Army of the Tennessee prevented from joining their proper commands by reason of the present movement of this army will proceed forthwith to Chattanooga, Tenn., and report to Major-General Steedman for assignment to duty.

* * * *

IV. Major General G. M. Dodge and staff will proceed to Saint Louis, Mo., and there establish his headquarters for the purpose of making out his reports of the campaign in Georgia and completing the records of the Left Wing of the Sixteenth Army Corps. He will then await further orders from headquarters of the department int he field.

