
Major Barnes, assistant adjutant- General, will accompany General Dodge to Saint Louis, mo., or other points, for the purpose of assisting him in making his report. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation for servants, horses, public and private property.

* * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 174. Jackson, GA., November 17, 1864.

I. The movement of the corps to- morrow will be as follows: Brigadier- General Smith, commanding Third Division, will move his command at 5 a. m. to Planters' Factory, and will commence at once to cross his troops on eh flat- boat now there, leaving, however, the retrain and artillery on this side of the river until the pontoon train is laid down. The corps will take up a defensive position as soon as they arrive on the east side of the Omulgee River and will throw up light works. Brigadier-General Corse commanding Fourth Division, and Major Stolbrand, commanding Artillery Brigade, will remain their present position until further orders. Brigadier-Generals Hazen and Woods, commanding Second and First Divisions, will march their commands at 5 a. m. to Indian Springs, where they will encamp, taking a strong opposition facing south and east, and await further orders.

II. Commissaries will, until further orders, issue only three- quarter rations of breadstuffs and sugar. Full rations of all other articles will be issued as heretofore.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

FRED K. WHITEHEAD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 95. In the Field, four miles southeast of Jackson, GA., November 17, 1864.

This command will move at 5 a. m. to- morrow, the 18th instant.

Order of march: First, one regiment First Brigade as advance guard, followed by one ambulance and one wagon; second, pioneer corps, tool wagons, one ambulance, ad one wagon (baggage)p; third, three regimens First Brigade, each regiment followed by one ambulance and one wagon; fourth, artillery (Captain Arndt's battery); fifth, one regiment First Brigade; sixth, ammunition train; seventh, division headquarters train and provost guard; eighth, First Brigade train; ninety, Second Brigade train ; tenth, quartermaster's train; eleventh, supply train; twelfth, remainder of ambulance corps not otherwise assigned; thirteenth, two regiments Second Brigade, well deployed, one upon each flank of all the trains; fourteenth, two regiments Second Brigade, rear guard; one ambulance and one wagon for each regiment of the Second Brigade will be placed between the last two regimens.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. BUDLONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

