
CIRCULAR] HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, near Jackson, GA., November 17, 18645.

in order to secure to the soldier an equal share of stores gathered from he country, each brigade commander will send out daily, until further orders, foraging parties, composed of fifty privates and an adequate number of commissioned and non- commissioned officers, whose duty it will be together forage and meat ration. These parties will in no case go beyond supporting distance from the main column. The supplies collected must be brought to the road side and there loaded in their respective brigade wagons and turned over to brigade quartermasters. Cattle and sheep are to be driven on the hoof whenever practicable. The officers in charge of these parties should enforce the strictest discipline and order. Foraging parties will on no pretense be permitted to enter houses except by written authority from the division commander. The assistant provost- marshal will see this last clause strictly enforced, and will arrest all soldiers found in houses without combatant authority.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

L. CARPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 7. In the Field, near Jackson, GA,., November 17, 1864.

I. The Fourth Division will resume its march to- morrow, the 18th instant, at 6 a. m., in the following order: The Second Brigade will have the advance; the First Brigade will move in the center; the Third Brigade will bring up the rear. The brigade in the advance and the brigade in the rear will have one regiment, respectively, as advance and rear guard. From the regiment acting as advance guard one large company will be furnished to Captain H. L. Burnham, assistant provost- marshal of this division to act as provost guard. The pioneer corps will follow the advance regiment. The trains will follow well closed up- first, the pioneer corps train; second, the Second Brigade train; third, t he First Brigade train; fourth, the Third the First Brigade train; forty, the Third Brigade train; fifth, the ordnance train; sixth, the supply train; seventh, the ambulance train.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

L. CARPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 284. Jackson, GA., November 17, 1864.

The order for to- morrow's movements are as follows:

1. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will have the advance, and will move his command at 7. 30 a. M. to- morrow, on the direct road to Planters's Factory.

2. The Third Division, Brigadier General M. D. Leggett commanding, will follow the First Division at 8. 30 a. M.

3. Major A. C. Waterhouse, commanding Artillery Brigade, will assign a battery to each division, to move therewith as the division commander may direct.

