
4. The column will be doubled when the road is wide enough, the troops moving on the right of the artillery and trains.

5. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett will cause two regiments to be detailed from his command to act as rear guard to the cavalry train.

6. The corps headquarters train will follow that part of the ordnance train which moves directly in rear of the advance brigade of the First, Division.

7. The crossing of the river will be in the following order: First, Fourth Division; second, first Division; third, Third Division.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 152. In the Field, GA., November 17, 1864.

I. The troops of this command will march at 8 a. m., the Second Brigade having the advance. The particulars of the march will be given before starting.

II. The hour of marching to- morrow is 8. 30 a. m. The First Brigade, Brigadier General M. F. Force commanding, will have the advance; artillery trains and ambulances as heretofore.

By order of Brigadier General M. D. Leggett:

J. C. DOUGLASS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 25. In the Field, GA., November 17, 1864.

The following orders are published for the government of troops on this campaign:

I. Rear guards and foraging parties will be immediately established as prescribed in orders from superior headquarters. All surgeons and majors will remain constantly in rear of their respective regimens, permitting no one to fall behind except such as are unable to march, and providing them with transportation in ambulances. Rear guards will arrest all stragglers, no matter to what command they may belong, forwarding them at night to the headquarters to which they are attached for final disposition. if mounted their horses will be taken for the disabled and sore- footed soldiers, but will be sent with them to headquarters.

II. Every means possible will be taken to facilitate the movement of trains. To this end, when a halt occurs, either for a rest for on account of the road being blockade in front, brigade commanders and officers in charge of trains will mass them whenever the ground will permit, leaving the road clear when practicable. in moving, when the road will permit, the wagons will move two abreast. Every wagon will be provided with two men beside the driver, with a non- commissioned officer for every five wagons, whose duty it will be to act as guard, to lock the wheels when necessary, a d to sue their utmost endeavor to assist in getting the wagons through muddy places or up steep hills. A staff officer from these headquarters will accompany the train each day, who,

31 R- VOL XLIV

