
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Flat Creek, GA., November 17, 1864.

This corps will march to- morrow as follows: The Second Division at 5 a. m., Third Division at 6 a. m., First Division at 8 a. m., taking the road through Social Circle to Madison. The trains of Captain Schoeninger and Captain Bickford will march between the Third and First Divisions. General Ward will detail 100 men to report to Captain Schoeninger to assist his and the commissary train. The pontoon train will march immediately in rear of the advance brigade of General Geary's division. Commanders of divisions will instruct their brigade commanders to march their troops as much as possible on the side of the road, along the trains. Brigade commanders should give their personal attention tot he movement of the trains in their charge; see that in case of necessity prompt assistance is rendered. They will also take measures to stop the straggling from he column and the unauthorized firing so noticeable to- day. if necessary they will deploy flankers and keep their men together. if it is necessary to kill animals for subsistence it must be done by other means than shooting, and only by persons properly authorized.

By command of Brigadier-General Williams:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIV., TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

Near Flat Creek, GA., November 17, 1864.

This division will march to- morrow at 7 a. m., in the following order: Second Brigade in advance, Third Brigade following, and the First Brigade in rear. The two leading brigades, with he exception of one regiment of leading brigade for advanced guard and two regiments to the rear brigade, will march on the side of the road along the trains. Brigade commanders should give their prompt attention to the movements of the trains in their charged see that, in case of necessity, prompt assistance is rendered. They will also take measures to stop the straggling from the column and the unauthorized firing so noticeable to- day, and of which complaints have been made by superior headquarters. If necessary they will deploy flankers to keep their men together. if it is necessary to kill animals for subsistence it must be done by other means than shooting, and only by persons properly authorized.

By command of Brigadier General N. J. Jackson:

GEO. ROBINSON,

First lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR STOCKBRIDGE, GA., November 17, 1864.

Brigadier General J. KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

I am highly gratified at your dash and sweep, and to your brave officers and men. you must employ wagons of indifferent materials if you have not ambulances enough. you aide will explain my march. If you can find a bridge below you had better take it, but I think there is none. My headquarters at Jackson to- night; to- morrow night at

