
the river. I want you to make G. W. think we are making for Macon, via Forsyth. I think he will concentrate everything but his cavalry at Macon as soon as possible, but he may hope to had us off and create delay, particulary if he has as many old soldiers as you say. Please communicate to- morrow night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

November 17, 1864.

The general commanding desires to impress upon he minds of all officers and men the great importance of carefully saving their ammunition and properly caring for their horses. Regimental commanders will be held responsible for any unnecessary skirmishing and every round fired away without sufficient reason. The firing last evening in both brigades (Colonels Atkins and Murray), and throughout the entire command on the march from Bear Creek Station, and in the vicinity of regimental camps, for the purpose of killing hogs, was most unmilitary, and a willful waste of ammunition. This must cease at once.

The general commanding calls upon brigade, regimental, and company commanders to enforce this order. Let the men catch and kill their hogs with their sabers, a weapon that can be used equally as well to kill hogs as rebels.

No trotting of horses will hereafter be allowed. All marching and formations must be made at a walk. All company officers who allow the men of their companies to trot their horses, without orders having been properly received to that effect, and by the bugle from the head of the column, will be dismounted, placed under arrest, and sent to march with the division train till such point is reached where a court martial can be convened for their trail and dismissal.

Each regimental commander must be furnished with a copy of this order, a n will cause it to be rad to his regiment, paraded for that purpose, twice each day until further orders.

The general commanding division gives fair warning that this order must be obeyed to the letter.

By command of Brigadier-General Kilpatrick:

L. G. ESTE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant- General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 171. Planters' Factory, GA., November 18, 1864.

* * * *

II. The army will move to- morrow as follows: First, the Seventeenth Corps, Major-General Blair commanding, via Monticello, toward Hillsborough, starting at 7 a. M. Second, Major-General Osterhaus will commence his movement at 6 a. m. General J. E. Smith's division will proceed on the Hillsborough road toward Clinton and will encamp to- morrow night, if practicable, about three miles beyond Hillsborough. The other three divisions will be marched toward Hillsborough by both routes, at the option of General Osterhaus. Third, Brigadier-General

