
VI. The section of artillery now at Indian Springs will report to General C. R. Woods, commanding First Division, for assignment in his column.

VII. Wherever it is practicable the troops must be marched along- side the trains, with he exception of the leading and rear brigades, which must remain unencumbered and ready for any emergency. Most of the roads can, with the assistance of the pioneer corps, easily be extended out for a double column. The practice of marching troops by single field must be discontinued; they always must move by for and well closed up.

By command of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

FRED K. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HER\QRS DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 96. In the Field, two miles out of planters: Mils, GA., November 18, 1864.

This command will move at 6 a. M to- morrow, the 19th instant.

Order of march: First, one regiment Second Brigade as advance guard, followed by one ambulance and one wagon: second, pioneer corps, tool wagons, on ambulance, and one wagon (baggage); third, remainder v Second Brigade, each regiment followed by one ambulance and one wagon; sixth, ammunition train; seventh, division headquarters train and provost guard; eighth, Second Bridge train; ninth, First Bridge train; tenth, quartermaster's train; eleventh, supply train; twelfth, ambulance corps, except those assigned to regiments and detachment; thirteenth, two regiments First Brigade well deployed, one upon each flank of all the trains; fourteenth, two regrets First Brigade, rear guard- one ambulance and new wagon for each of the flanking and rear- guard regiments will be placed between the last two regimens.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith.

S. M. BUDLONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 8. In the Field, near Jackson, GA., November 18, 1864.

I. The regiment acting as rear guard will furnish one commissioned officer, three non- commissioned officers, and twenty men, to follow in rear of the column when on the march, to destroy by burning all cotton found. The commanding officer oft he guard will make a report daily to the division provost- marshal, who will send to corps headquarters an estimate of the number of bales so destroyed. The brigade commanders will furnish the commissioned officer so detailed written instructions.

II. This command will move at once in the order prescribed in Special Field Orders, numbers 7, from these headquarters.

III. This command will move to- morrow, the 19th instant, at 5 a. M. sharp, as follows; The First Brigade will have the advance; the Third

