
the Milledgeville road, leaving you the Eatonton road. Don't be in a hurry, but break up that railroad as far as the Oconee in the most thorough manner, so that every rail will be disable; better do that work well now when there is no opposition, and you will have to give it personal attention else it will be slighted by your officers. Impress on hem its great importance, and that, if done well now, it will not have to be gone over at some future them under less favorable circumstances. I had every men of Davis' command at work yesterday all day and into the night, and yet they slighted some of their work, but I will set them at work again to- day between the yellow and Alcovy Rivers about Covington. our own experience shows how easily roads may be repaid if we have iron; therefore, I want each bar of iron actually twisted, either around a tree, or with one of the hooks

One division will be amply sufficient to go down to the bridges on Oconee. if you reach Eatonton by Monday, it will be early enough. Keep your men fresh, and devour large quantities of the potatoes and or along the route.

W. T . SHERMAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 21 Ulcofauhachee River, November 18, 1864.

Until further orders the Artillery Brigade of the corps will be distributed as follows: The nineteenth Indiana Battery will constitute the reserve artillery of the corps, and, together with the artillery ammunition train, will be under the immediate control of Major Houghtaling, chief of artillery; Battery C of the First Illinois is assigned to the First Division; Battery I Second Illinois, is assigned to the First [Second] Division; and the Fifth Wisconsin Battery, tot eh Third Division. These batteries will report directly tot he division commanders, will be taken up on the returns and reports of the divisions, and will be rationed by the division commissaries.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Ulcofauhachee River, November 18, 1864.

The corps commander has observed within the also two days a great increase of straggling and marauding, which must be checked, not only for the reputation of the corps, but for the safety of the men. Men must be taught that, even in the midst o an enemy's country, the dictates of humanity must at east be observed, and that no good can result to the cause of their country from indiscriminate destruction of property or burning of the homes of women and children. Division commanders will take immediate steps to prevent these disorders among their date commanders directly responsible for the enforcement of orders on the subject, not forgetting that the general commanding the miliary Division of the Mississippi has forbidden men entering houses on any

