
December 4. -Marched at 9 a. M. ; brigade had in charge the division train, the pontoon train, the corps supply train, and the artillery ammunition train; crossed Little Ogeechee River at 5 p. M. and encamped; distance marched, twelve miles.

December 5. -Marched at 3 p. M. ; column greatly retarded by bad roads; encamped at 10 p. M. ; distance marched, three miles and a half.

December 6. -Marched at 9. 30 a. M. as rear guard to the corps; line of march on the Springfield road; encamped at 9 p. M. ; distance marched, thirteen miles.

December 7. -Marched at 8 a. M. in charge of division and cavalry trains; crossed Cowpens Branch Swamp by 1. 30 p. M. ; encamped one mile above Springfield at 10 p. M. ; distance marched, fifteen miles.

December 8. -Marched at 8 a. M. ; crossed Jack's Creek and entered Springfield at 10 a. M. ; encamped at 5. 30 p. M. ; marched seventeen miles.

December 9. -Marched at 8. 30 a. M. on the road to Monteith; skirmishing and artillery firing soon began at the front; found the enemy in position with artillery at Monteith Swamp at 3. 15 p. M. Two regiments of the brigade-the Thirty-first Wisconsin and Sixty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers-sent to the left to cross the swamp and turn the enemy's right; movement was successful, compelling the enemy to hastily withdraw, evacuating two fine redoubts. Brigade encamped near the captured redoubts at 7 p. M. Distance marched, nine miles.

December 10. -Marched at 7 a. M. ; struck the Charleston and Savannah Railroad at Monteith Station at 10 a. M. ; destroyed one mile of track and resumed the march toward Savannah; came up to the enemy' works, three miles and a quarter from the city, at 2. 30 p. M. ; brigade went into position in center of division one mile from the Savannah River and encamped; distance marched, ten miles.

December 11. -The brigade shifted its position 400 yards forward and to the left at 4 p. M. and again encamped. Three regiments sent to the rear to guard trains at 11 p. M.

December 12. -No change of position.

December 13. -The remaining three regiments moved to the rear to guard the corps trains. Brigade went into position, covering all the approaches from the rear-center at Cherokee Hill, right near Potter's rice mills on the Savannah, left connecting with line of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

December 14 to 18. -Position unchanged; camps policed and other sanitary regulations instituted.

December 19. -A foraging expedition of twelve companies from the brigade sent four miles beyond Monteith; it encountered and drove in the enemy's pickets, capturing one prisoner.

December 20. -Position unchanged and no demonstrations on the line.

December 21. -The One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers sent over to Argyle Island at 1 a. M. to cover the flank of the Second Brigade, which had crossed over to the South Carolina shore. Information that the enemy had evacuated Savannah last night received at 6 a. M.

December 22. -The One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers returned from Argyle Island and resumed its former position; brigade remained in its position to cover the removal of the trains to Savannah.

4 R R-VOL XLIV

