HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Doctor Jones' house, four miles from Madison,

November 18, 1864- 5. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. ROGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have encamped Ward's division at this place, four miles from Madison. I have ordered General Jackson's division to encamp at Brown's house, ne mile and a half in the rear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

P. S. - From information received I think the trains of both divisions are well closed up. Unless otherwise ordered I shall march at 5 o'clock in the morning.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,Near Madison Grove, November 18, 1864. (Received 7. 15 p. m.)

Brigadier General A. S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Twentieth Corps:

The major- General commanding directs that General Geary, with his division and Knap's battery, move at 5 a. m. to- morrow to the Ocoee River, destroy the bridges, both railroad and wagon, and rejoin the main column by Sunday evening near Eatonton. General Geary will move without transportation, except wagons for pioneer corps and ambulances. You will send two brigades to report at these headquarters at 6 o'clock to- morrow morning, without transportation (except wagons for pioneers). The remainder of your corps will move to- morrow morning at an early hour, taking charge of all the transportation of the corps, through Madison, and encamp to- morrow night about twelve miles from the latter place on the road to Eatonton. The two brigades ordered to report here will rejoin you to- morrow night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Jones' house, GA., November 18, 1864.

The movement of this corps to- morrow ill be as follows:

General Geary and his division, with Captain Sloan's battery, will move at 5 a. m to the Oconee River, to destroy the bridges there, and General Geary will report to major-General Slocum for detailed instructions. His ambulances and pioneer tool wagons only will accompany his troops; all other transportation of his division will march with the main column, the quartermasters &amp;c., remaining with them. General Ward, with he Second and Third Brigades of his division, will report for a special duty at 6 a. m. to Major-General Slocum, In order to do so they will leave heir present camp at 5 a. m. The main column will move as follows; One brigade of General Jackson's division, as an advance guard, at 6 a. M. ; next, the pontoon train; next, the

