
12, 1864, from the War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, D. C., and being unable to join the army in the field, will remain at this place until further orders.

* * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 172. Hillsborough, GA., November 19, 1864.

I. The movements oft he army to- morrow will be- first, Major-General Osterhaus, starting his column at 6. 30 a. m., will move his command on the Macon road to Clinton, so that three divisions shall be at Clinton and the remaining one in the immediate vicinity to- morrow night; second, Major- General Blair starting his column at 6. 30 a. m., will move his command via Trnquilla and Fortville as far toward Gordon as practicable; third, the First Alabama Cavalry will continue with the column of Major-General Blair, moving in the advance; fourth, in passing through Hillsborough, the artillery and trains of both corps will move over the road at the same time, t eh Fifteenth Corps having the right and the Seventeenth Corps the left of the road, with he infantry on the right and left through fields; fifth, the bridge train, engineer regiment, the train of General Kilpatrick's cavalry, and the cattle, in charge of Lieutenant Todd, acting commissary of subsistence, will follow the Fifteenth corps, on the Macon road; sixth, the train of these headquarters will move with the leading division of the Fifteenth Corps; seventh, headquarters to- morrow night will be at Clinton.

II. Corps commanders will prohibit their soldiers from entering houses, and enforce the order by severe penalties. more care must be taken in the selection of foragers. Many have been drunk and orderly. Foraging for the different headquarters must be regulated. Division and brigade commanders will be required to be with their commands during the march.

By command of major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HILLSBOROUGH, GA., November 19, 1864.

Major General P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

General Hazen's division is so far to the rear that I prefer that you move General john E. Smith's division at 6. 30 a. m. to- morrow at the head of your column. Please be careful that he moves in double column except his leading brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

