SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 176. Hillsborough, GA., November 19, 1864.

* * * January

III. General Smith will move his command at 5 a. m. to- morrow to Planters' Factory, and commence at once to cross the troops on the flat boat there, leaving however, the train and artillery on this side until the pontoon b ridge is laid down. This corps will take a defensive position as soon as they arrive on the east side f the Ocmulgee and throw up some light works. General Corse and artillery will remain in his present position until further orders. Generals Woods and Hazen will march to Indian Springs and remain there until further orders, taking strong position fronting south and east.

* * * *

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

FRED K. WHITEHEAD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 97. Near Hillsborough, GA., November 19, 1864.

This command will move at 6. 30 a. m. to- morrow, the 20th instant. Order of march: First, one regiment First Brigade as advance guard, followed by one ambulance and one wagon; second, pioneer corps, tool wagons, one ambulance, and one wagon (baggage); third, there regiments First Brigade, each followed by one ambulance and one wagon; fourth, Battery B, First Michigan Light Artillery; fifth, one regiment First Brigade, followed by one ambulance and one wagon; sixth, ammunition train; seventh, division headquarters train and provost guard; eight, First Brigade train; ninth, Second Brigade train; tenth, quartermasters' train; eleventh, Fifteenth Army Corps headquarters train; twelfth, supply train; thirteenth, ambulance corps, except ambulances assigned to regiments and detachments; fourteenth, two regiments Second Brigade, well deployed, one upon each flank of all, the trains; fifteenth, two regimens Second Brigade, rear guard- one ambulance and one wagon for the flanking and rear guard regimens will be placed between the last who regiments.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. BUDLONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Ocmulgee Mills, GA. Numbers 9. November 19, 1864.

* * * *

IV. This command will move to- morrow, the 20th instant, as follows: The Third Brigade will have the advance; the Second Brigade will move in the center; the First Brigade will bring up the rear. The brigade in advance and the brigade int he rear will have one regiment, respectively, as advance and rear guard. The provost guard will be furnished from the advance regiment. The pioneer corps will follow the advance regiment. The supply train will cross the river to- night-

