
first, the pioneer train will commence crossing at 4. 30 a. m. ; second, three Third Brigade train; third, the Second Brigade train; fourth, the First Brigade train; fifth, t he ambulance train. The wagons will keep well closed up[and cross as rapidly as possible. The troops will move in the order indicated after the trains have crossed the river. The provost guard required by Special Field Orders, Numbers 8, paragraph II, to be detailed daily from the rear guard, will be continued until further orders.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

L. CARPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 286. Near Hillsborough, GA., November 19, 1864.

I. The orders for the movement to- morrow are as follows:

1. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will have the advance, moving out on the Hillsborough road at 6. 30 o'clock.

2. Brigadier General G. A. Smith, commanding Forth Division, will move at 6. 30 o'clock, on the direct Hillsborough road, and, on reaching the rear of the First Division, will follow it.

3. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will follow the Fourth Division, moving at 7 o'clock.

4. Major A. C. Waterhouse, commanding Artillery Brigade, will assign a battery to each division, to move as the division commander may direct.

5. The train of these headquarters will move after the ordnance train that follows the advance brigade of the First Division.

6. The pioneer corps of each division will report to Captain Kossak, chief engineer, at 5. 30 a. M. to- morrow at these headquarters.

* * * *

IV. The Twenty- fifth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, now o duty as train guard, is relieved from such duty, and will report forthwith to its brigade commander.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLR, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 154. Near Hillsborough, GA., November 19, 1864.

* * * *

IV. This command will march to- morrow morning at - o'clock. The First Brigade, Brigadier General M. F. Force commanding, will have the advance. Ambulances, trains, ad artillery as usual; . until further orders, Lieutenant Tiffany, acting assistant quartermaster, will superintend the formation, marching, and parking of the trains.

By order of Brigadier General M. D. Leggett:

J. C. DOUGLASS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

