
brigade, one n the center of the column, and one to immediately precede the rear brigade. The trains of Captain Schoeninger and Captain Bickford will march in rear of the Third Division train. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will precede the column.

By command of Brigadier General A. S. Williams:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Madison, GA., November 19, 1864.

This division will move to- morrow at 7 a. m., in the following order: The Third Brigade in advance, to guard the rear half of Second Division train, pontoon train, and fifty wagons of First Division train; the Second Brigade to follow, to guard the remainder of First Division train; t he First Brigade will form the rear guard of the corps, preceded by a battery. Pursuant to orders from corps headquarters, all regimental quartermasters will report to the brigade quartermasters for assignment to duty with the trains.

By command of Brigadier General N. J. Jackson:

GEO. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant and acting g Assistant Adjutant-General.

HILLSBOROUGH, GA., November 19, 1864.

Brigadier General J. Kilpatrick,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

Your dispatch of 7 p. m. all right. I will give you no new orders. I send you my order of march, and will expect to hear from you at Clinton. I have heard of some State troops that have been concentrated at Eatonton by Governor Brown.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major- General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 173. Clinton, GA., November 20, 1864.

I. The army will move forward to- morrow as follows: First, the Fifteenth Corps, in two columns- the right column, consisting of two divisions (First and Second), with small trains, on the Clinton and Irwington road as far as the railroad, starting at 7 a. M. ; the other two divisions, with the remaining trains, &amp;c., of the right column, the engineer regiment, bridge train, and train of General Kilpatrick's cavalry, cattle, &c., forming the left column, on the Clinton and Gordon road, to Gordon, starting at 7 a. m. Second, the Seventeenth Corps will continue the march toward Gordon, reaching that point as soon as practicable. The train of these headquarters will move with the Third Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, on the Clinton and Gordon road.

* * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

32 R R- VOL XLIV

