HDQRS. THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

On Clinton and Macon Road, November 20, 1864- 9 p. m

Major-General HOWARD:

GENERAL: I met the enemy's cavalry five miles from Clinton, and after considerable skirmishing and charging, in which the enemy lost seven killed, he was driven to Walnut Creek, one mile from East Macon. We finally forced him from the railroad and the creek to the fortified hills about East Macon; these we charged, and, although my men gallantly rode over and into a strong earth- work, we were unable to drive the enemy from and hold the position. I have torn up the track from the creek back toward Gordon for one mile and a half. My command is encamped to- night on and from the railroad over across to the lower Clinton road and at a point four mils from Macon. At an early hour to- morrow morning I will move down to Griswold on the railroad and down to the Milledgeville road where the Clinton road leaves it, and hold these roads until the trains are well out of the way.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

SPECIAL HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Clinton, GA.,

Numbers 177.] November 20, 1864.

I. In publishing paragraph II, Special Field Orders, o. 172, from department headquarters,* the attention of all officers commanding foraging parties is again called to the importance of enforcing the very strictest discipline while on such duties. These parties must absolutely be conducted in obedience and in conformity to existing orders; when found guilty of violating the restrictions laid down in that order must be punished by their commanding officer. The fine imposed should not be less than the deduction of one month's pay. officers in charge of foraging parties who permit their men to straggle or commit unwarrantable acts must be reported to these headquarters, and their names will be sent forward for summary dismissal from service for incompetence, for failing to enforce discipline, and for disobedience of orders.

II. The corps will continue its advance to- morrow in the following order: The First Division will leave camp at 7 a. m., and after passing through Clinton will advance on the Irwinton road to the railroad crossing. The Second Division, Brigadier-General Hazen commanding, will follow the First. Each division will be accompanied by one light battery, to be detailed by the chief of artillery. Five wagons only infantry ammunition, a part of the ambulance train, and the respective headquarters and regimental wagons, will accompany these divisions. The Third Division, together wight he remaining batteries of artillery, will reserve ammunition wagons, supply and ambulance trains of both divisions will also march with the Third Division and in front of its rear guard. The reserve trains of the First and Second Divisions will each be guarded by one regiment, to be detailed from the respective divisions. The Fourth Division, Brigadier-General Corse commanding, will follow on the road assigned tot he Third Division, but is not

&amp;See November 19, p. 493.

