
expected to get beyond Clinton wight he large trains moving with it; but in order to secure proper communication wight he corps, General Corse will push one brigade tot he pint on the Gordon road where it crosses the Milledgeville and Macon road.

Notwithstanding the fact that General Kilpatrick's cavalry will remain before Macon to- morrow, it is necessary that the utmost vigilance be shown by the several commands, to insure them against any attack of the large rebel force in the vicinity. In camping the troops good defensive positions will be chosen fronting toward the south generally. The rear is to be well guarded, and all the trains must be inside the lines and properly corralled. The Twenty- ninth Missouri Mounted Infantry marches with the right column.

III. When the corps is not together in one camp or column, and the artillery apportioned to the several divisions, the officers commanding the artillery must consider themselves under the orders of the general commanding the division to which he is ordered to report. The general commanding division will in such cases assign the artillery their position in the column, and in camp give it the necessary escorts and supports.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

FRED K. WHEITHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 98. In the Field, Near Clinton, GA November 20, 1864.

This division will continue its march t 7 a. M. to- morrow, the 21st instant:

Order of march: First, one regiment Second Brigade as advance guard, followed by one ambulance and one wagon; second, pioneer corps, tool wagons, one ambulance, and one wagon (baggage); third, remainder of Second Brigade, each regiment followed by one ambulance and one wagon; fourth, artillery; fifth, one regiment First Brigade followed by one ambulance and one wagon; sixth, ammunition train; seventh, division headquarters train and provost guard; eighth, Second Brigade train; ninth, First Brigade train; tenth, quartermaster's train; eleventh, commissary of subsistence train; twelfth, ambulance corps, except ambulances assigned to regiments and detachments; thirteenth, two regiments First Brigade, well deployed, one upon each flank of all the division trains; fourteenth, reserve ammunition wagons, supply and ambulance trains of the First and Second Divisions, those of each division to be guarded by one regiment from its respective division; fifteenth, two regimens First Brigade, rear guard- one ambulance and one wagon for each of the flanking and rear guard regiments will be placed between the last two regimens.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. D BUDLONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 10. In the Field, Monticello, GA., November 20, 1864.

* * * January

II. This command will move to- morrow, the 21st instant, at 5 a. m., and take the Hillsborough road- the Second Brigade will have the

