
December 23. -The brigade ordered to move back toward the city; marched at 9. 15 a. M. ; went into permanent camp one mile above Savannah at 1 p. M. on McAlpin's plantation, right resting on the Savannah River, left joining right of the Second Brigade.

December 24 to 29. -Substantial quarters built and camp policed; drill and parades resumed.

December 30. -Brigade and corps reviewed in the city of Savannah by Major-General Sherman.

December 31. -The Third Division having crossed the Savannah River, the First Division was ordered to occupy its position; brigade changed its position at 11 a. M. ; right joined left of the Second Brigade, and left rested on the Charleston and Savannah Railroad.

Second Division.

November 1. -In camp in Atlanta.

November 5. -Moved the entire division two miles out of the city.

November 6. -Moved back to our old camp.

November 9. -An attack was made by Wheeler's cavalry upon the city of Atlanta and was repulsed by us without any loss on our part.

November 15. -Entire army on the move; division moved at 8 a. M. by Decatur road; encamped near Stone Mountain; distance, fifteen miles.

November 16. -Crossed Yellow River, encamping two mile beyond; distance, fifteen miles.

November 17. -Passed through Social Circle; encamped on the Ulcofauhachee River; distance, seventeen miles.

November 18. -Encamped near Madison, ga. ; distance, eighteen miles.

November 19. -Division detached from corps; destroyed railroad to Oconee; encamped at Blue Spring; distance, fourteen miles.

November 20. -Marched down west side of Oconee River; distance, ten miles.

November 21. -Weather and roads very bad; moved on toward Milledgeville; distance, eight miles.

November 22. -Struck Milledgeville railroad; marched through Milledgeville and across Oconee River; distance, twenty miles.

November 23. -Remained in camp; destroyed several miles of railroad.

November 24. -Moved toward Sandersville.

November 25. -Crossed Buffalo Creek; roads bad and swampy; distance, nine miles.

November 26. -Reached Sandersville at noon; from there struck the Georgia Central Railroad at Station Numbers 13 and continued destroying it; distance, thirteen miles.

November 27. -Destroyed railroad all day; distance, twelve miles.

November 28. -Continued destroying railroad; encamped at Station No. 12.

November 29. -Marched east through Station Numbers 11 and encamped within three miles and a half of Ogeechee River; distance, twenty-one miles.

November 30. -Marched northward; crossed Ogeechee River and encamped on Big Creek, three miles south of Louisville; distance, ten miles.

December 1. -Marched from near Louisville, Ga., to Bark Camp Creek; distance, thirteen miles.

