
advance; the First Brigade will march int he center; the Third Brigade will bring up the rear. The pioneer corps will follow the advance regiment, and repair the roads and bridges. Trains will move int he following order: pioneer corps train; then the brigade trains in their respective order of march; followed by the ordnance train, supply train and ambulance corps train.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

L. CARPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Clinton, GA., November 20, 1864- 7. 30 p. m.

[Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:]

DEAR GENERAL: I am sorry you found so bad a road; I think you will have a better to- morrow. our road, too, is spoilt by the rain. if you can get within three miles of Gordon to- morrow night, it will answer. Kilpatrick has had some firing this p. m., but with what result I have not heard. I will go wight he column that moves directly on Gordon, and will encamp to- morrow night somewhere in that vicinity.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 287. In the Field, GA., November 20, 1864.

I. The following additional rules are published for the regulation of foraging parties:

1. The forage parties of any division of the corps may forage along the whole length of the corps, not going farther to the front than the head of the infantry column.

2. Commanding officers of forage parties must keep their men together except when they are left along the road to bring forward or guard forage, in which cases they will not be molested.

3. Foragers from the different headquarters not under a commissioned officer must be provided with passes, approved by a division or superior commander.

II. The orders fort he movements to- morrow are as follows:

1. Brigadier General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division will take the advance and will move his command on eh Fortville road, at 6. 30 a. m.

2. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will start from Blountsville at 6. 30 o'clock and move forward to the rear oft he Fourth Division, which he will follow.

3. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will follow the Third Division, moving at 8. 30 o'clock.

4. Major A. C. Waterhouse, commanding Artillery Brigade, will assign a battery to each division, to move as the division commander may direct.

5. The train of these headquarters will move as heretofore.

