
III. Hereafter, until further orders, three days' issue of rations will be made to last five days.

IV. The order of march for to-morrow is changed, the Fourth and Third Divisions starting at 7 a. m. and the First Division at 9 a. m.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Eatonton Factory, November 20, 1864.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: I am directed by the General-in-chief to give you the general news, &amp;c. Last night this portion of the command camped just north of Shady Dale, and to-night the Fourteenth Corps has one division near Little River, with a picket at the bridge, and the other divisions are camped in good support. Thus far forage has been good and men and animals thrive. To-morrow morning General Davis will cross Murder Creek, take the Monticello road, and aim to reach Milledgeville Tuesday; he will also send you the brigade of the Twentieth Corps left in Atlanta as a rear guard, and one regiment to communicate and bring back a report from you to the General-in-chief, who will remain near here until he hears from you in Eatonton. No enemy has been found on our march, save a picket of some twenty-five men at the Eatonton Factory bridge. The bridge, however, was saved and the factory burned. You will move so as to reach Milledgeville in conjunction with General Davis, and on the route will destroy any railroad bridge or trestle on the Eatonton branch, but need not delay your march to destroy track. Fill up well with forage, sweet potatoes, and chickens, and such rations, preparatory to a couple or more days' stay in Milledgeville.

Since writing the above the general has such authentic information as to feel sure portions of your command have been or are in Eatonton, and therefore will not send the regiment to you, but dispatch a staff officer, expecting to hear in return, and will remain hereabout until about noon for that purpose. In moving to Milledgeville, keep your force on the east of the railroad, and General Davis will keep his west.

I am, General, respectfully, yours, &c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Eatonton Factory, GA., November 20, 1864.

Bvt. Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The General-in-chief directs that you put your command in motion to-morrow morning by any road crossing Murder Creek and leading into the Monticello or Hillsborough and Milledgeville road, on which you will move to within about twelve miles of Milledgeville and camp to-morrow night. The brigade belonging to the Twentieth Corps he wishes you to send to report to General Slocum at Eatonton. You will also direct one regiment to feel for General Slocum at Eatonton to-morrow morning and bring back a report to himself. He hears that General Slocum's cavalry were in Eatonton to-day. The General-in-chief will remain here until he hears from General Slocum, who is to

