
be in Eatonton to-morrow. He wishes you also to give the necessary directions that your command on the march to-morrow may be well closed and in hand, to guard against any enemy that may be in the vicinity.

I am, General, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 22. Eatonton Factory, GA., November 20, 1864.

I. The discharge of fire-arms by foragers and others has become an evil which must be stopped. Many men have already been wounded and a waste of ammunition incurred which we cannot now afford. Hereafter no firing will be permitted under any circumstances. Animals and fowls must be caught, not shot.

II. Useless negroes are being accumulated to an extent which would be suicide to a column which must be constantly stripped for battle and prepared for the utmost celerity of movement. We cannot expect that the present unobstructed march will continue much longer. Our wagons are too much overladen to allow of their being filled with negro women and children or their baggage, and every additional mouth consumes food, which it requires risk to obtain. No negroes, therefore, or their baggage, will be allowed in wagons and none but the servants of mounted officers on horses or mules.

III. One pack-animal may be allowed to each company and so many to brigade and division headquarters as division commanders may think proper. All animals taken from the country are the property of the Government, and must be turned over to the quartermasters. All surplus draft animals must be used to strengthen the wagon trains. Indiscriminate mounting of unauthorized men cannot be allowed. Every commanding officer is responsible that no authorized man under him is mounted.

IV. Attention is again called to the circular from these headquarters dated November 14. Division commanders will see that it, or orders based upon it, are at once read to every company and detachment and to all teamsters and detailed men. Orders are useless unless promulgated and enforced.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Eatonton Factory, November 20, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN,

Commanding Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding the corps directs that you put your command in motion, on the road leading to Stanfordville, at daylight to-morrow. A staff officer from these headquarters will join you soon after with further instructions.

I have the honor to be, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

