HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, ARMY OF Georgia,November 20, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: My corps is encamped to-night--the Third Division and the trains of the Second Division, with the pontoon train, at the point directed by the major-General commanding Left Wing; the First Division at this point, two miles back. In the march of to-morrow the Third Division will lead, starting at 5 a. m. as ordered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,November 20, 1864.

Brigadier General A. S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Twentieth Corps:

The major-General commanding desires you to move the corps at 5 a. m. to-morrow toward Milledgeville, via Eatonton. Let the command march through the latter place with ranks well closed and bands playing. If the First Division is well closed up to-night, there will be no objection to its having the advance to-morrow; but if it is far behind to-night it will be well to keep the Third Division in advance, as it is essential to make as much progress on the march as possible. Please send word which division is to have the advance. The general desires you to issue an order forbidding the destruction of property except by your order or his own, and also to take some effective measures to stop this firing on our flanks and around the camps. The captured animals should all be turned over to the corps quartermaster, and distributed through the trains. It would perhaps be well to send out parties from each brigade to-night to collect in animals.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Eatonton, GA., November 20, 1864.

The most stringent measures will be adopted to stop the waste of ammunition occasioned by the indiscriminate firing by foraging parties.

Such animals as are necessary for the subsistence of the troops must be killed by other means than shooting.

Although this order has been given before, there is good reason to think that it has not been published to the troops, particularly in the Third Division. This must be done at once, and all offenders summarily punished.

Hereafter no buildings will be burned or destroyed, except upon the order of the corps commander, which will be given only to the commander of the rear division.

Division commanders will be held responsible that this order is strictly complied with in their commands.

By command of Brigadier General A. S. Williams:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

