
becoming so common, and are of such an aggravated nature, that they call for some severe and instant mode of correction. Unless the pillaging of houses and wanton destruction of property by your regiment ceases at once, he will place every officer in it under arrest, and recommend them to the department commander for dishonorable dismissal from the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, November 20, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: Escaped prisoners, four of whom came in yesterday, agree in saying that it is believed in Charleston that Sherman is marching east. I think myself that he will move first on Charleston; that in his possession, Savannah would not be defended. The rebels are reported strengthening the works in rear of Charleston, but I do not believe they can do much in the little time and with the small force they have. Your instructions will be complied with, and such arrangements made as will enable this district to send at a moment's notice the regiments you mention. Sherman will, however, himself cut the railroad with his cavalry. If any movement is made for that purpose I would recommend that it be made up Broad River. That would enable you to use the whole of the force at Hilton Head and Beaufort, which, with the force to be drawn from other points, would enable you to fortify on the line of the road and keep up a line of communication with your base at Hilton Head. I do not know anything about the nature of the country there, but suppose it as good for operations as any in this section of the country. It has a very decided advantage over the John's Island route, in being so far from Charleston that they will not be willing to detach a force from the garrison of the city to attack it. Guns were heard yesterday up Ashley River, supposed to be artillery practice with heavy guns. An intercepted dispatch to-day asks for 230 suits of clothes for the three companies First South Carolina stationed at Beach Inlet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. --The point at which I recommend striking the road would also be a convenient point for Sherman to communicate with you, no matter for which point he was striking.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, November 20, 1864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Nothing of material importance has occurred since my arrival here. Escaped prisoners report that the enemy are engaged in fortifying the rear of the city, and that it is reported that Sherman is

