
From the Examiner:

Our information from Georgia in regard to Sherman is meager. All that we know certainly is that he left Atlanta about one week ago with a force generally estimated at 30,000 men of all arms, and that he was moving in the direction of Macon. Some official accounts state that he had advanced as far as Griffin, a town of some 2,000 inhabitants, situated on the Macon and Western Railroad, forty-three miles south of Atlanta and fifty-eight miles northeast of Macon. It is believed that he was in the vicinity of Griffin as late as Thursday last. He moves slowly, and ere he reaches Macon he will find that the execution of a plan is quite a different thing from its projection.

LATER. --We hear that Sherman has divided his army. He has sent nearly all his mounted force in the direction of Augusta; with his main body of troops, he himself marches on to Macon.

From the Whig:

MACON, November 18.

The excitement in the city has somewhat subsided. No definite information of the whereabouts of the enemy has yet been received. They are supposed to be still in the neighborhood of Griffin, burning everything in their rear. They will get a warm reception if they attempt to come here.

MACON, November 19.

The military authorities are active and vigilant, and every man is under arms. Confidence is being restored. The enemy is believed to be on our right, distant about thirty miles. The city will be defended to the last.

From the Sentinel:

We have nothing additional from Georgia that it would be prudent to publish while certain military operations are taking place which it is believed will bring Mr. Sherman up with a short turn. The enemy is without information as to his movements, and we have no intention of enlightening him on the subject.

The Enquirer says the Senate has passed a bill suspending for sixty days the section of the law which requires the State reserve force not to go beyond their respective States, and hopes that the House may concur. It urges the people to burn everything in the way of supplies on the route of Sherman's advance; and lest they should fail to do so, urges it as the duty of the military authorities to take the matter of destroying provisions in their hands.

JNO A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Secretary of War.)

CITY POINT, VA., November 21, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

General-in-Chief:

Perhaps it would be well not to take official notice of this summary of news from the Richmond papers, lest the rebel authorities prohibit the publication of news from Sherman altogether:

JNO A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND,Griswold, GA., November 21, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

A. D. C. and A. A. A. G., Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

CAPTAIN: This is the first time I have deemed it necessary to send you a communication since I left Atlanta. I first struck Wheeler's

