
cavalry at Lovejoy's Station. After a few minutes' fighting, and with slight loss, he was routed and driven beyond Bear Creek Station, with a loss of many killed and wounded. We recaptured two 3-inch rifled guns taken from General Stoneman. Wheeler was supported by Georgia militia, under General Cobb. I crossed the Ocmulgee on the morning of the 19th, drove Wheeler's cavalry from the neighborhood of Clinton, forced him back within the enemy's works about East Macon. My people made a gallant charge, mounted and dismounted, crossed Walnut Creek, and actually rode over and into the enemy's works, but was finally forced to retire to the south side of Walnut Creek. My loss thus far has not been heavy. I am now firmly settled on the railroad, and thoroughly destroying the track as I retire. We have captured a train of cars loaded with locomotive driving wheels and springs for locomotives. We have destroyed at this point a pistol factory and a soap and candle factory, both large and valuable. I send you a Macon paper of the 21st, printed on the 20th, giving you all the news at that point. Beauregard and Hardee, you will see, are both at that point. Beauregard made a speech to the troops there yesterday. I will move to Gordon in the morning. My command is in good condition and spirits, and on reaching you hope to have some thing to do. General Howard is moving on Gordon to-day; I cover his rear.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

P. S. --The enemy have made several feints this morning on different portions of my command. He is now moving, I am satisfied, to force me from the road; but I shall destroy every foot of the track until I reach General Howard's infantry. Do not be uneasy; I will be careful of my command.

J. K.

CLINTON, GA., November 21, 1864.

Brigadier General J. KILPATRICK,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

Your dispatch received. I approve of your move. Am sorry you could not have held on, but am much obliged for what you have done. Please hold your position strongly. Make them think you are going for them again, by demonstrations well to the front. Please send me your news of the strength of the enemy, and tear up as much track as you can.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

PITTS' MILL, Near Gordon, GA., November 21, 1864.

Brigadier General J. KILPATRICK,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

I hear you have difficulty in getting forage where you now are locating. I think you can send foraging parties out without any risk. I heard that a portion of the cavalry had appropriated silver plate, &amp;c. I want you to take unusual pains to prevent pillage. It is so tempting

