
in a hostile country for soldiers to load themselves with plunder that it is done almost before we think of it. I mean to take every opportunity to strip the infantry of useless trash. We occupy Gordon. General Sherman is probably near Milledgeville to-night. You had better try and communicate with him frequently.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Griswold, GA., November 21, 1864--12 m.

Major-General HOWARD:

GENERAL: The enemy has made attacks on my people in position on Milledgeville road, but has each time been repulsed. He is now moving down the railroad. I am firmly settled and fastened upon it. Have effectually destroyed already over four miles of track, captured and burned a train of cars. I expect to be attacked all along my line in a few minutes; the enemy is now moving on the roads in my front, I think, for that purpose. Do not be alarmed; we can repulse any attack that may be made.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Hardee and Beauregard are both in Macon. Beauregard made a speech to the soldiers yesterday.

PITTS' MILL, near Gordon, GA., November 21, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

We have reached Gordon with the head of the column. Giles Smith's division is in camp there to-night; Wood's division is also on the railroad, about five miles nearer Macon, and Hazen's division within supporting distance; Mower's and Leggett's divisions are near the Macon and Milledgeville wagon roads; Corse, with the bridge train and the trains belonging to Kilpatrick, is yet between Clinton and Hillsborough. To-morrow I will have everything substantially at Gordon. Our marches at first, until we reached the Ocmulgee, were very pleasant, having good roads and good Weather. Since then our roads have been very heavy, and the rain continuous. We have found the country full of provisions, and thus far have drawn very little upon our rations. We have destroyed a large amount of cotton, the Planters' Factory, a pistol factory and a mill at Griswold, the latter three by General Kilpatrick. I will inclose you General Kilpatrick's dispatches, so as to show you what he has been doing; also, dispatches captured at Gordon. His headquarters are to-night at Griswold, and he is covering the approaches from Macon. The mayor of Milledgeville surrendered the town formally to Captain Duncan and a few scouts. Afterward, a company of the First Alabama Cavalry entered the town with Captain Duncan and destroyed the depot and some 75 or 100 boxes of ammunition and telegraph office. We have found quite a number of mules and horses, and been able to replace our poor ones and those that were broken down; our herds, too, have increased rather than diminished.

