
My information yet as to the strength of the force at Macon is indefinite; there is, however, considerable cavalry on this side of the river (Ocmulgee), supported by infantry and some artillery. The arrival of some troops from Savannah, and the drawing back of some 2,000 or 3,000 militia from Griffin, has been reported. Beauregard, Hardee, and Johnston were reported in Macon. Beauregard assured the people in a speech yesterday that he had us now just where he wanted us. From all quarters he seems to have already collected from 10,000 to 15,000 men. Rebel rumors place you at Eatonton. I shall expect further orders from you at Gordon to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENN., Numbers 260. Louisville, Ky., November 21, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

III. Lieutenant Colonel James Wilson, provost-marshal-General of this army, having reported from leave of absence to these headquarters November 13, 1864, and being unable to join the army in the field, will remain at these headquarters until further orders.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 174. Pitts' Mill, Near Gordon, GA., November 21, 1864.

The following will be the movement of this army to-morrow: First, Major-General Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, will concentrate his command at Gordon, moving to that point at 7 a. m. Second, Major-General Osterhaus, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will, with the exception of his First Division, move his command to the vicinity of Gordon. He will direct Brigadier-General Woods, commanding First Division, to take up a strong position on the railroad and send one brigade to demonstrate toward Macon. Third, Brigadier General J. Kilpatrick, commanding Third Cavalry Division, will take position on the right of General Woods and send out a force on all the roads toward Macon. Fourth, Brigadier General John E. Smith, commanding Third Division, Fifteenth Corps, will cut and make a road parallel and near to that taken by the Seventeenth Corps. Fifth, the trains will be brought up as rapidly as possible, the right of way to be given, whenever practicable, to the bridge train, and parked to the east of Gordon. Sixth, the trains of these headquarters will move with the leading division of the Seventeenth Corps. Seventh, when possible, the troops will destroy the railroad in their immediate vicinity.

By command of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

