
was attacked by a rebel party when passing the fork of the road to Griswold, which I considered well guarded from the protestations of General Kilpatrick's adjutant-General to that effect. My train guard repulsed the rebels, of course, and so far all is right. I am with General Hazen's division; the troops are encamped in supporting distance of General Kilpatrick's line in a strong position.

Awaiting your kind orders for to-morrow's movement, I am, General, with great respect, your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General of Volunteers.

P. S. --Information just received report Clinton all quiet. General Hazen put the regiments with him in camp four miles from town.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CO. Numbers 178. In the Field, GA., November 21, 1864.

I. The movements of the Fifteenth Army Corps for to-morrow will be as follows: Brigadier General C. R. Woods, commanding First Division, will take a strong defensive position near the Meeting-House, convenient to the command. Leaving two regiments on the railroad, with orders to destroy the same, with one of his brigades he will make a demonstration toward Macon at an early hour. Brigadier-General Hazen, commanding Second Division, will continue his march at 6 a. m. toward Irwinton, taking a strong position at the forks of the roads to Gordon. He will, however, leave at or send back to Clinton one of his brigades, or its equivalent, with instructions to intrench themselves at that place, to cover it against any assault from Macon. This brigade will remain there until relieved by the Fourth Division, when it will join its command on the Irwinton road. Brigadier-General Smith, commanding Third Division, will move on to Gordon. Brigadier-General Corse, commanding Fourth Division, will, upon his arrival at Clinton, relieve the troops of the Second Division at that place guarding the road to Macon, and will push with all possible rapidity the trains in his charge forward on the direct road to Gordon, giving, whenever practicable, the right of way to the bridge train. As soon as the trains pass Clinton he will withdraw the brigade on guard at that place and order it to follow the train. The Artillery Brigade will remain and march as distributed with the divisions yesterday until the corps reaches the vicinity of Gordon.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

FRED K. WHITEHEAD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 99. In the Field, at ---- Mills, November 21, 1864.

This command will move at 7 a. m. to-morrow, the 22nd instant, in the following order: first, one regiment First Brigade as advance guard, followed by one ambulance and one wagon; second, pioneer corps, tool wagons, one ambulance, and one wagon (baggage); third, three regiments First Brigade, each regiment followed by one ambulance and one wagon; fourth, artillery; fifth, one regiment First Brigade, followed by one ambulance and one wagon; sixth, ammunition train; seventh, division headquarters train and provost guard; eighth, First Brigade train; ninth, Second Brigade train; tenth, quartermaster's

