
train; eleventh, commissary of subsistence train; twelfth, ambulance corps, except ambulances assigned to regiments and detachments; thirteenth, two regiments Second Brigade, well deployed, one upon each flank of all of the division trains; fourteenth, reserve ammunition wagons, supply and ambulance trains of the First and Second Divisions; fifteenth, two regiments Second Brigade, rear guard--one ambulance and one wagon for each of the flanking and rear-guard regiments will be placed between the last two regiments.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. BUDLONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 11. In the Field, Hillsborough, GA., November 21, 1864.

I. This command will move to-morrow, the 22nd instant, as follows:

The pontoon train will move at 6 a. m. ; the First Brigade has the advance, and will move at 6. 30 a. m. ; the Third Brigade will march in the center, and move at 7 a. m. ; the Second Brigade will bring up the rear, and will follow close on the Third Brigade. The pioneer corps will move in the rear of the advance regiment, and repair the roads and build bridges, that the trains may be delayed as little as possible. The trains will move closed up--first, the pioneer corps train; then the brigade trains in their respective order of march; followed by the ordnance, supply, and, last, the ambulance train. As we are near a large rebel cavalry force it is important that the utmost vigilance be shown by the different brigade commanders; men and trains should be kept well in hand. In case of an attack the general commanding should be at once informed. The practice of shooting without orders is forbidden, and brigade commanders will promulgate an order, to be read to their respective commands to-morrow morning before marching, that the firing of muskets without orders must cease, and will have the violators of such orders severely punished. Attention is also called to Special Orders, Numbers 172, paragraph II, from department headquarters, and to Special Orders, Numbers 177, paragraph I, corps headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

L. CARPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 288. Pitts' Mill, near Gordon, GA., November 21, 1864.

I. The following are the orders for to-morrow's movement:

1. The First Division, Major General J. A. Mower commanding, will move forward to Gordon at 7 a. m.

2. The Third Division, Brigadier-General Leggett commanding, will move forward at 7 a. m., following the First Division.

3. The commanding officer Artillery Brigade will detail one battery to move with each division, as the division commander may direct.

4. The train of these headquarters will move in rear of the ordnance train with the advance brigade of the First Division.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

33 R R--VOL XLIV

