
Division will be able to reach there. They are at least three miles back, and the road is almost impassable. I will do the best I can to get them up. The Second Division train has not all passed this point yet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Garrard's House, November 21, 1864--5. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The First Division will encamp here to-night (the place where you dined). The head of their column is here, and parking. In the absence of other orders, I will have this division start at 5 a. m. to-morrow, and have it pass the other divisions near the river. The animals in the First Division's train are much exhausted, and should have the best road to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Dennis Station, GA., November 21, 1864.

This corps will move to-morrow toward Milledgeville, as follows: First Division in advance, starting at 5 a. m. ; Second Division train at 7 a. m. ; Third Division at 8 a. m.

The corps supply and ordnance trains will march in front of the First Division to Little River, when they will fall in rear of it. General Jackson will detail one regiment to march with and assist them. Colonel Hughes' mounted infantry will start from their present camp at 5. 30 a. m.

The pontoon bridge will be taken up as soon as the rear of the column has passed, the rear brigade of General Ward's division giving such assistance and protection to it as may be necessary.

All of the pontoon train not required for the bridge over Little River will march in rear of the First Division, starting at 7 a. m. The artillery will be distributed in the column the same as heretofore. General Jackson and General Ward will each distribute their troops, except the advance brigade of the First Division and the rear brigade of the Third Division, along the trains, so as to cover each a half of the train of the Second Division, and will give them all necessary assistance.

By command of Brigadier-General Williams:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,On the Road, five miles from Little River, November 21, 1864.

Brigadier General N. J. JACKSON,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding the corps directs me to say that he has been ordered by General Slocum to encamp the whole corps, if

