
possible, to-night at Little River. He desires to have you push on as far as possible, but as soon as dark he directs that you turn the head of your column into park and camp. The pontoon train is needed to cross Little River, and they must be hurried up to that point to-night. Please give them all the assistance they require. Should your division not reach Little River, the general directs that you start, in the absence of further orders, at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning with the trains that have been in advance of yours to-day, still occupying the same place in the column. He also desires that in the march of to-morrow that you detail a regiment to assist the corps supply and ammunition trains.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Dennis Station, GA., November 21, 1864.

This division will march to-morrow at 5 a. m. toward Milledgeville, in the following order: The Second Brigade in advance, to guard and assist the corps supply and ordnance trains to Little River, after which it will march unencumbered as advance guard; the First Brigade next, to be distributed along the train of the First Division, excepting the last twenty-five wagons of the train; the Third Brigade in rear, to be distributed along the last twenty-five wagons of First Division train and the first half of the Second Division train; also, after passing the river, this brigade will guard and assist the corps supply and ordnance trains, which fall in rear of the First Division train at the river.

By command of Brigadier General N. J. Jackson:

GEO. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., November 21, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the affairs of the department remain in a satisfactory state. The troops are kept constantly employed in drilling, policing, and in perfecting and strengthening the defenses.

In the Northern District, the addition to Fort Putnam of the new battery, composed of six 11-inch Dahlgren guns, is completed. It is furnished with excellent bomb-proofs and magazines. On account of our want of men, and especially of good artillery, the admiral has agreed to man this new battery, and to furnish, in addition to the guns, the ammunition. Fort Putnam is now in excellent order, and has been surrounded with a new and strong palisading outside of the parapet. The batteries on Cummings Point lying next to Fort Putnam, denominated Batteries Chatfield, Seymour, and Barton, have all been united into one fort, to be called Fort Chatfield, which is furnished with magazines and bomb-proof, with a strong stockade, with flanking arrangements in the rear, and in the front, outside of the parapet, a strong palisading in course of erection. Fort Strong is already furnished with a good palisading, and is in perfect order. As soon, therefore, as the palisading in front of Fort Chatfield is completed, these three strong forts will be perfectly secure from any attempts to carry them

