
and Second Division will remain and march with them. The remaining batteries of Artillery Brigade will continue with General Smith's division at Gordon.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

FRED K. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 12. In the Field, near Clinton, GA., November 22, 1864.

I. This command will move to-morrow, the 23rd instant, as follows: The pioneer corps will leave camp at 5 a. m., and repair the roads and bridges toward Clinton; the Third Brigade will have the advance, and move into the road at 6. 30 a. m. ; the Second Brigade will move in the center, and close up on the Third Brigade; the First Brigade will bring up the rear. The advance and rear brigades will each have one regiment act as advance and rear guard, respectively. The trains will move in the following order: First, the pioneer corps train, followed by the ordnance, supply, and last, the ambulance train.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

L. CARPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 289. Gordon, GA., November 22, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. 1. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will cause two miles of the Milledgeville railroad to be destroyed at once, commencing at the junction and working north.

2. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will cause two miles of the Milledgeville and Savannah railroad to be destroyed at once, commencing at the junction and working west.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

IV. The following are the orders for the movement of this corps to-morrow:

1. The Third Division, Brigadier General M. D. Leggett commanding, will have the advance, moving at 7 a. m.

2. The First Division, Major General J. A. Mower commanding, will follow the Third Division, moving at 8 o'clock.

3. The Artillery Brigade will move as heretofore.

4. The infantry will move along the railroad, destroying as it moves, as follows: The Third Division will commence at a point eight miles from Gordon and destroy about four miles; the First Division will commence at the point where Brigadier General John E. Smith left off and destroy to where Brigadier-General Leggett commences.

5. The trains and batteries will move along the Jackson Ferry road, and each division commander will detail at least two regiments as guard to his train and the battery that marches with his command.

6. The road will be destroyed by firing the sleepers, and it will not be necessary to tear up the track, as the rails will be completely ruined, if the firing is properly done.

7. The train of these headquarters will move as heretofore.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

