
River, his First Division, Major-General Mower commanding, leaving its present position at 7 a. m. The pontoon train will probably reach this point to-night. Captain Reese, chief engineer, will divide the boats, &amp;c., train guard, and engineer regiment, assigning a portion for each of the corps. Major-General Blair will lay his bridge at Jackson's Ferry, two miles and a half north of the railroad bridge, if such ferry exists, and, if not, he must select some practicable point north of Ball's Ferry, if possible. Second, Major-General Osterhaus, commanding Fifteenth Corps, will move his command, by easy marches, to the vicinity of Ball's Ferry, where he will lay his pontoons. He will, however, retain his Third Division (Smith's) at this point till day after to-morrow, and move his Fourth Division (Corse's) to the position now occupied by General Woods' (First) division, to encamp to-morrow night. He will direct Brigadier General John E. Smith, commanding Third Division, to send a sufficient number (at least 100) of men, with axes and implements, to destroy the trestle-work three miles and a half west of this point. Two regiments of infantry should accompany the detail as guard while the work is being done. The whole cavalry command of Brigadier-General Kilpatrick has been ordered to Milledgeville to-morrow, starting at 6 a. m. Department headquarters will remain at this point to-morrow.

IV. To facilitate the movements of their pontoon trains each corps commander will cause the number of mules to their empty and lightly laden wagons to be reduced to four, and assign the surplus number to that train, so that each team thereof shall consist of eight mules. This to be done without delay.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. T. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Irwinton Road, November 23, 1864.

General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Army:

General Hazen's division is in camp about half way from his last camp and Irwinton, about eight miles west of the latter place; General Woods' division will be near these headquarters, two miles south of Gordon. I sent a small party toward Irwinton, and am waiting its report in regard to the forage General Smith spoke of, and of roads leading to the river. Anything of interest will be promptly forwarded.

Very respectfully,

P. JOS OSTERHAUS,

Major-General of Volunteers.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 180. Near Gordon, GA., November 23, 1864.

The movements of the Fifteenth Army Corps for to-morrow will be as follows:

1. Brigadier-General Woods, commanding First Division, with his artillery, will move from present camp at 7 a. m. to Irwinton. The Twenty-ninth Missouri Mounted Infantry will report to him for duty during the movement. The Second Division, Brigadier-General Hazen commanding, with his artillery, will follow as soon as the trains of the

34 R R--VOL XLIV

