
body of militia; the boat is on the opposite side, but he is constructing a raft to go over for it, and said he would have it in half an hour. I directed him to remain there until he was supported by you. If you do not want him to remain please send him orders. It is sixteen miles from here to Ball's Ferry by Station 15, which is the only route. It is also about the same distance to Irwinton. As this route for crossing the river is impracticable I suppose the next object is to destroy all the railroad we can. I am working on it now, but will not disturb the bridge until I hear from you. We could not do much toward bridging the swamp to-night, and I hope to hear from you by daylight. Please inform me where you are and any movement you contemplate, so I shall know where to communicate with you. It will take us a day to get to Ball's Ferry from here. The country here is very poor; nothing but corn to be had. My supply train is at Station 15; the remainder is four miles from the bridge; all well guarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILES A. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,

Milledgeville, GA., November 23, 1864.

This command will move to-morrow morning, as follows: The Twentieth Corps, Brigadier General A. S. Williams commanding, at 6 o'clock, toward Sandersville, via Hebron; the Fourteenth Corps, Major General J. C. Davis commanding, at 7 o'clock, toward Sandersville, via Black Spring and Long Bridge. When not engaged in destroying railroads the command will endeavor to march about fifteen miles per day. Increased attention must be given to the care of trains, as it is known that the enemy intend to harass our march by means of cavalry. None but the regular organized foraging parties will be allowed to depart from the right and left of the road. The foraging parties will, when necessary, seize wagons to bring their plunder to camp, after which the wagons should be burned. All useless and surplus wagons, ox-teams, &amp;c., which now encumber our trains will be destroyed; and the commander of any brigade is hereby authorized to destroy any wagon that delays the march or opens a gap in the column, no matter to whom it belongs; and, generally, the troops will be distributed along the trains. Advance guards should be strengthened, and attended by a pioneer corps prepared to construct temporary bridges in case of their destruction by the enemy; and wherever any such destruction occurs the commanding officer of the troops present on the spot will deal harshly with the inhabitants near by, to show them it is for their interest not to impede our movements. Should the enemy burn forage and corn on our route houses, barns, and cotton-gins must also be burned to keep them company.

The major-General commanding will for the present accompany the Twentieth Corps.

By command of Major General H. W. Slocum:

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 23. Milledgeville, GA., November 23, 1864.

Orders for to-morrow, November 24, 1864; General Carlin will march at 7 a. m., and will cross the bridge over the Oconee River. Further

