
instructions will reach him in the morning. Colonel Buell will move his command and trains in the rear of General Carlin, followed by corps headquarters, the reserve artillery, and artillery ammunition trains, and the First Michigan Engineers. General Morgan will march at 10 a. m., and will follow the Michigan Engineers. General Baird will follow the rear of General Morgan when it shall have passed his camps.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Milledgeville, GA., November 23, 1864.

In the future marches, two brigades, with a section of artillery and the pontoon train, will precede the column at least two miles. The corps pioneer battalion will accompany the advance, and take care that roads are properly repaired. In case of unbridged streams the pontoon will be laid with the least possible delay. These advanced brigades will furnish the pontoon trains with necessary guards and assistance. The rear guard will also consist of two brigades and a battery; it will habitually march about a mile in rear of the column. The remaining brigades will cover the trains, each regiment being kept together, but will always halt on hills and bad parts of the road to help forward the trains, until the following regiment comes up. Each division and brigade commander will attend personally to his part of the line, pass from the front to the rear of his command, as often as the nature of the road may require, to see that trains are properly cared for and that his command is doing its duty. There has been, on the part of brigade commanders especially, too great neglect in this particular; neglect hereafter will be taken notice of and reported. In all halts, regiments will be kept near their arms, and not permitted to straggle. We shall probably be attacked by small bodies of cavalry. A small body of infantry, in order, can always easily repulse them; but scattered troops are at the mercy of the enemy. The brigadier-General commanding expects of every officer a strict and constant attention to his duties, and a cheerful co-operation in whatever labor and exposure are in the future of this campaign. There is much labor ahead; but to those who do well, he will endeavor to see that there is an adequate recognition of their services.

By command of Brigadier General A. S. Williams:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Milledgeville, GA., November 23, 1864.

During our onward march a large force of the enemy's cavalry will undoubtedly hover on our line of march, ready to attack every weak point. Division commanders will make special precautions for these attacks. To this end orders heretofore issued will be strictly enforced, especially in reference to destroying unauthorized wagons and keeping the number of pack-mules within the prescribed limits. The purpose sought of shortening our train by the reduction of army wagons is wholly destroyed by the admission into the column of hundreds of

