
other vehicles and pack-animals. Division commanders will at once, through their provost-marshals and inspectors, see that every service-able animal is taken up for the use of the public wagons, supplying their ammunition trains first. Each division commander will also send twenty serviceable mules to the pontoon train. A report will be made to-day to the chief quartermaster of the corps of the number of service-able animals found in each division not already in use in the Government wagons. The chief quartermaster will make a systematic distribution of the trains of each division, so that a certain number will always be in charge of an officer of his department. Officers of this department who neglect to report, and who do not faithfully attend to their duties, will be reported at the end of each day's march.

By command of Brigadier General A. S. Williams:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Gum Creek, November 23, 1864.

This corps will march to-morrow toward Sandersville, as follows: First Division at 6 a. m. ; Second Division at 6. 30 a. m. ; Third Division at 7 a. m. The cavalry will precede the column, starting at 5. 30 a. m. All other trains and the artillery will march in the same order as to-day. The advanced and rear guards will be the same as in the march of to-day, the pontoon train accompanying the advance. Brigadier-General Geary will detail one regiment to accompany and assist the corps supply train; also, 100 men to assist the artillery ammunition train. The attention of all commanding officers is called to the orders already published prohibiting straggling from the column and the firing of buildings and unauthorized firing of muskets. General Ward will direct the commander of the rear brigade to destroy, after the passage of all the troops, all bridges on the road.

By command of Brigadier-General Williams:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,

Milledgeville, GA., November 23, 1864.

This division will march to-morrow at 6 a. m. promptly, in the following order: The Third Brigade in advance, and the First Brigade to follow. These leading brigades will be accompanied by a battery and unencumbered by all trains except the pontoon train, which will be guarded by the First Brigade (the second in line of march), and will precede the main column about two miles. The remaining brigade (the Second) will cover the trains of the division, each regiment being kept together, but will halt on hills and bad parts of the road to give assistance to the wagons until the following regiment comes up. All of the troops and the wagons of the division will move to the east side of the Rock Spring road before 7 a. m., as that road will be occupied by the column of the Fourteenth Corps. The pioneer battalion will accompany the advance guard.

By command of Brigadier General N. J. Jackson:

GEO. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

