HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Milledgeville, GA., November 23, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HAWLEY,

Commanding Third Wisconsin Volunteers:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you rejoin your brigade with your own regiment and the One hundred and seventh New York to-morrow morning by 6 o'clock, as the First Division will move at that hour.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 23, 1864.

Major-General FOSTER,

Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Grant directs that the expenditure of ammunition upon Charleston and Fort Sumter be discontinued, except so far as may be necessary to prevent the enemy from establishing new batteries at the latter place. This is not intended to prohibit the throwing of occasional shell into Charleston, if circumstances should require. The object is to economize ordnance stores.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

MORRIS ISLAND, S. C., November 23, 1864.

Major-General FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: I send on the steamer Houghton the detachment of cavalry on duty in this district. I thought it better to get them as far as Hilton Head, where they can be consolidated with the remainder of the cavalry. They have no orders to prepare for any expedition, and do not know of any being in contemplation; they must, therefore, receive their orders at Hilton Head. The command will consist of Fifty-sixth New York, the Fifty-fourth and Fifty-fifth Massachusetts (colored). I will have two sections of artillery, in good order. There is no cotton here to make the coffee bags, but I think the men will be able to devise some means of carrying it. As it is important to have some means of communicating with General Sherman after occupying our position, I would like to recommend a man. He is named Smith; is employed as an expressman on the road from Jacksonville to Saint Augustine. He has been a scout for me in Southern Georgia, and can be relied upon. He should be sent for by first boat going to Florida. The provost-marshal at Jacksonville will know who I mean. A merchant here will send by this steamer for the cotton cloth.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

