
trains on the track, and apparently considerable of a force. We may be able to shell them out; at any rate, we will clear out the trains. It is supposed they were re-enforced last night. A train came in which caused great rejoicing. Their works do not appear very formidable; but the ground this side is so bad we cannot get much down there to operate with. I suppose you will be at Station 15 by the time this reaches you. I would not lose much more time in hunting a crossing above the bridge; I am satisfied nothing will be gained by it. Department order says we will cross above, if practicable. I do not believe it is, though we may be able to do so a short distance above Ball's. There are swamps on the other side, and we must cross where there are roads, or we might find ourselves surrounded by swamps on the other side.

GILES A. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 177. Gordon, GA., November 24, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. The mills along the route of this army must not and will not be damaged or destroyed, without positive orders from these headquarters; they are necessary to grind corn and wheat for the use of the army. Corps commanders will instruct their officers and men to this effect, and upon their advance reaching a mill will cause a guard to be immediately placed over it, that it may be preserved in order until taken possession of by a commissary of subsistence, who will run it day and night as long as practicable.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 178. Ball's Ferry, GA., November 24, 1864.

I. As soon as the bridges are laid at Ball's Ferry a double road will be constructed to the first fork beyond. The Fifteenth Corps will move to Irwin's Cross-Roads by direct road; the Seventeenth Corps will take the left fork, and move, via Oconee, to Irwin's Cross-Roads. The cattle belonging to divisions cross with respective divisions; all others will cross in advance of the rear guard of the Seventeenth Corps, and will follow by the right of the Fifteenth Corps, through fields. The train of these headquarters will move with the Fifteenth Corps, in such order as may be hereafter directed.

II. As soon as the crossing of the Oconee is effected Captain C. B. Reese, chief engineer, will cause an equitable division of the boats, wagons, and appurtenances of the pontoon train, train guard, and engineer regiment to be made between the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps. Each corps commander will assume the responsibility of the conduct of his pontoon train, and will see that it is supplied with suitable animals to enable it to move promptly with his command. They are authorized, and are hereby ordered, to burn empty wagons, and use the animals in their pontoon or other teams.

III. The following are the orders for the movements of this army to-morrow: First, Major-General Blair will move his command, with the

