
therefore the chief of artillery of the corps will order the batteries of his command to report as follows: Twelfth Wisconsin Battery to General C. R. Woods, commanding First Division; Battery H, First Illinois Artillery, to General W. B. Hazen, commanding Second Division; Battery B, First Michigan Artillery, to General John E. Smith, commanding Third Division; Battery H, First Missouri Artillery, to General John M. Corse, commanding Fourth Division. With each battery goes the proper share of the reserve ammunition; this distribution to be effected as soon as practicable. The headquarters of the artillery brigade will move with the corps headquarters.

Division commanders will give to the artillery and train assigned to them by this order all the necessary assistance to render that arm of the service as effective as possible. They will, for all logical and practical purposes, consider the batteries a part of their command until further orders.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

FRED K. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 236. Gordon, GA., November 24, 1864.

I. This command will move at 8. 30 a. m. to-morrow, the 25th instant.

Order of march: First, one regiment Second Brigade as advance guard, followed by one ambulance and one wagon; second, pioneer corps, tool wagons, one ambulance, and one wagon (baggage); third, Battery H, First Illinois Artillery, followed by three wagons; fourth, one regiment Second Brigade, followed by one ambulance and one wagon; fifth, ammunition train; sixth, division headquarters train and provost guard; seventh, Second Brigade train; eight, First Brigade train; ninth, quartermaster's train; tenth, commissary of subsistence train; eleventh, ambulance corps, except ambulances assigned to regiments and detachments; twelfth, two regiments Second Brigade and one regiment of First Brigade, well deployed, upon the right flank of the division trains; thirteenth, four regiments of First Brigade, rear guard. The wagons of the flanking and rear-guard regiments will go with their respective brigade trains.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. BUDLONG,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 14. In the Field, near Gordon, GA., November 24, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. In compliance with orders from corps headquarters, this command will move to Irwinton to-morrow, the 25th instant, at 5. 30 a. m. The First Brigade has the advance, followed by the battery; the Third Brigade will move in the center; the Second Brigade will bring up the rear, and close on the Third Brigade; the pioneer corps train will follow the advance regiment. The trains will move as follows: First, the pioneer corps train; second, the First Brigade train; third, the Third Brigade train; fourth, the Second Brigade train; fifth, the ordnance

