HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Station 15, November 24, 1864.

Brigadier General M. D. LEGGETT, Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-General commanding directs that you move your command forward to Ball's Ferry at 7 a. m. to-morrow, and obtain possession of the crossing if practicable. If the Fifteenth Corps should strike your column to-morrow and cut your train off, you will have to cut a new road alongside of the present one.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, 17TH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, near Oconee Bridge, GA., November 24, 1864.

This division will move to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock to Ball's Ferry, via Station 15, excepting the three regiments of the Third Brigade now at this place. General Belknap will relieve the regiments of Colonel Potts' brigade now on duty in front at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning. He will send his horses mules, and all wheeled vehicles around with the division, and remain with nothing but his infantry. General Belknap will report as these headquarters by 7 o'clock in the morning for further instructions.

By order of Brigadier General Giles A. Smith:

CHAS. H. BRUSH,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 24. Milledgeville, GA., November 24, 1864.

General Morgan will march out at daylight and push on toward Sandersville, via Long Bridge, passing the camps of General Carlin. Colonel Buell will move immediately in the rear of General Morgan, followed, successively, by the reserve artillery and ammunition train of the corps, under Major Houghtaling, and the First Michigan engineers. General Carlin will remain in the position he shall occupy to-night until further orders. General Baird will move at daylight upon the road taken by the remainder of the corps, and will pass the camps of General Carlin. he will order Colonel Este's brigade to bring up the rear, with instructions to see first that the city and its suburbs are entirely clear of troops and stragglers, and then to cross and burn the bridge, reporting this to the corps commander, and then joining his division. General Carlin may cross his trains over the river this evening after the bridge is clear of General Kilpatrick's command.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Milledgeville, GA., November 24, 1864.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

Commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you remain in your present position to-night, in order to allow General Kilpatrick to move his cavalry

