
and trains across the bridges. The road will be allowed to him at once. Colonel Este will remain in command of the post, and sufficient pickets will be established to insure the safety of your command and the city. Unless further orders should reach you, you will move your command at daylight in the morning, upon the road taken by the remainder of the corps.

I have the honor to be, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Milledgeville, GA., November 24, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE P. ESTE,

Commanding Third Brigadier, Third Div., Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you send two companies to picket in advance of the bridge over Fishing Creek, on road leading to Midway, n addition to the picket already there. Patrols should thoroughly secure the safety of the village of Midway. He would also call your attention to the necessity of keeping a close guard upon the bridge over the Oconee, in order to secure it against any attempts of incendiaries.

I have the honor to be, Colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Gum Creek, GA., November 24, 1864.

This corps will march to-morrow toward Sandersville, as follows: First Division at 6 a. m. ; Second Division at 6. 30 a. m. ; Third Division at 7 a. m. The cavalry will precede the column, starting at 5. 30 a. m.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Brigadier General A. S. Williams:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Gum Creek, GA., November 24, 1864.

This division will march toward Sandersville to-morrow promptly at 6 a. m. (having the advance), in the same order as to-day, and will be governed by the same regulations. The attention of all commanding officers is called to the orders heretofore published prohibiting straggling from the column and the firing of buildings and unauthorized firing of muskets.

By command of Brigadier-General Jackson:

GEO. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

