SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 237. Irwinton, GA., November 25, 1864.

I. This command will march at 6. 30 a. m. to-morrow, the 26th instant:

Order of march: First, one regiment First Brigade as advance guard, followed by one ambulance and one wagon; second, pioneer corps, tool wagons, one ambulance, and one wagon; third, Battery H, First Illinois Light Artillery, followed by three wagons; fourth, one regiment First Brigade, followed by one ambulance and one wagon; fifth, ammunition train; sixth, division headquarters train and provost guard; seventh, First Brigade train; eighth, Second Brigade train; ninth, quartermaster's train; tenth, commissary of subsistence train; eleventh, ambulance corps, except ambulances assigned to regiments and detachments; twelfth, three regiments First Brigade, well deployed, upon the right flank to the division trains; thirteenth, Second Brigade, near guard. The regimental wagons of the Second Brigade will go with the brigade train.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. BUDLONG,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 15. Milton, GA., November 25, 1864.

I. This command will move to-morrow, the 26th instant, on the Ball's Ferry road, as follows:

The Third Brigade has the advance, and will move out at 5. 30 a. m., two regiments to act as advance guard, and the remainder of the brigade to marching rear of the artillery.

The pioneer corps will join the command at the Oconee River, and take its position in the rear of the second regiment of the Third Brigade. The battery will follow, well closed up.

The Second Brigade will move in the center, on either side of the trains.

The First Brigade will bring up the rear. The trains will move as follows: First, pioneer corps train; second, the Third Brigade train; third, the Second Brigade train; fourth, the First Brigade train; fifth, the ordnance train; sixth, the supply train; seventh, the ambulance train.

Brigade commanders will allow no details to be made for foraging parties until the river is crossed by the command, and they will also have rear guards to each regiment, to prevent straggling.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

L. CARPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Buffalo Creek, GA., November 25, 1864--3. 35 p. m.

Major YATES,

Commanding First Michigan Engineers:

The general commanding directs me to inform you that Colonel Buell, commanding pontoniers, is now bridging Buffalo Creek, and that you will send forward at once to this point a sufficient engineer force to

