SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 183. Ball's Ferry, GA., November 26, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. The corps will move forward this a. m. on the direct road to Irwin's Cross-Roads, as soon as the bridge is completed, in the following order: First, the Fourth Division, with artillery and train; second, the First Division, with artillery and train; third, the Second Division, with artillery and train; fourth, the Third division, with artillery and train. The train of corps headquarters will move with the Fourth Division.

III. The following are the orders for the movements of the corps to-morrow: Commanding generals of the First and Fourth Divisions will each send two brigades of infantry to the railroad, and have it destroyed thoroughly, from about six miles west until they strike the Seventeenth Army Corps, the brigades of the First Division taking the west and those of the Fourth Division the east end of the task. The destruction of the railroad, particularly of the iron, must be as complete as possible. After having completed the work of destruction, it will not be necessary for the brigades to rejoin their respective divisions here, as they will receive orders to meet them at another point east. The men will carry two days' rations in haversacks. The remaining brigades of the First and Fourth Divisions will remain in their present camps at the cross-roads with the division trains, which must be closely parked and guarded, until further orders. Particular attention is called to the necessity of having all precautionary measures taken to secure the camps and working parties against sudden dashes of rebel cavalry forces in our vicinity. The Second and Third Divisions, Brigadier-Generals Hazen and Smith commanding, will march to this point early to-morrow morning, the Second Division having the advance.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

F. F. WHITEHEAD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 185. Near Ball's Ferry, GA., November 26, 1864.

All men of the Eighth Missouri Infantry now on detached service within the division, except those at division headquarters, are hereby relieved, and will report to these headquarters at once. All men of this regiment are, for convenience and efficiency, consolidated into a single company, and are for service attached to the Sixth Missouri Infantry. Captain John W. White, of the Eighth Missouri Regiment, is assigned to command them. He will, without delay, arm and equip them, making the company as complete for service as possible.

By order of Brigadier General W. B. Hazen:

G. LOFLAND,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, on Ball's Ferry Road, GA., Numbers 238. November 26, 1864.

I. This command will move forward at 5. 30 a. m. to-morrow, the 27th instant, in the following order: First, one regiment First Brigade as

