
advance guard, followed by one ambulance and one wagon; second, pioneer corps, tool wagons, one ambulance, and one wagon (baggage); third, one section Battery B, First Michigan Artillery, followed by wagons belonging to the battery; fourth, ammunition train; fifth, division headquarters train and provost guard; sixth, First Brigade train; seventh, Second Brigade train; eighth, quartermaster's train; ninth, commissary of subsistence train; tenth, ambulance corps, except ambulances assigned to regiments and detachments; eleventh, one section Battery B, First Michigan Artillery; twelfth, two regiments First Brigade, well deployed, upon the right flank of the division trains; thirteenth, two regiments First Brigade, rear guard (the regimental wagons of the flanking and rear guard regiments will go with the brigade trains); fourteenth, the Second Brigade, Bvt. Brigadier General Green B. Raum commanding, will act as rear guard to the Fifteenth Army Corps. General Raum will remain with his command upon the west side of the Oconee River until everything belonging to the corps has passed over. He will then cross with his command to the opposite side of the river, where he will halt until the pontoon bridge belonging to the Fifteenth Army Corps has been taken up and the train has started for Irwin's Cross-Roads. He will then follow and rejoin the division. One ambulance will accompany each regiment of the Second Brigade; their regimental wagons will go with the brigade train.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. BUDLONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Irwin's Cross-Roads, Numbers 16. November 26, 1864.

The following are the orders for the movements of this division to-morrow: The First and Third Brigades, General Rice and Lieutenant-Colonel Hurlbut commanding, will move at 7 a. m. to the railroad to destroy it. The men will carry two days' rations in haversacks. It will not be necessary for the brigades to rejoin the division here, as they will receive orders to meet them at another point. The Second Brigade, battery, pioneer corps, and all trains will remain in camp until further orders.

By order of Brigadier General J. M. Corse:

L. CARPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Irwin's Cross-Roads, November 26, 1864--5. 30 p. m.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-General commanding directs me to instruct you to commence your march very early to-morrow morning for Oconee, and destroy the railroad to a point opposite Irwin's Cross-Roads. The

