
teams can come down to Irwin's Cross-Roads by the parallel road you have been preparing. I will send a portion of the Fifteenth Corps to do the rest of the work to Station Numbers 13.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 290. Near Ball's Ferry, GA., November 26, 1864.

I. The following are the orders for to-day's movement:

1. Colonel G. E. Spencer, commanding First Alabama Cavalry, will immediately upon completion of the bridge cross the river, and, moving to Station Numbers 14, destroy the remainder of the railroad bridge and trestle-work at and near that point.

2. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will hold his command in readiness to move at 11 o'clock, crossing the river in rear of the First Alabama Cavalry.

3. The Fourth Division, Brigadier General Giles A. Smith commanding, will follow the Third Division.

4. The First Division, Major General J. A. Mower commanding, will follow the Fourth Division, moving via the left fork through Oconee to Irwin's Cross-Roads.

5. Major A. C. Waterhouse will detach a battery to move with each division as heretofore.

II. Upon crossing the river, all unauthorized animals with this command will be seized and appropriated to legitimate purposes.

Captain J. C. Marven, provost-marshal, is charged with the execution of this order.

III. The Twenty-fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Rusk commanding, is hereby assigned as guard to the section of the bridge train with this corps. Lieutenant-Colonel Rusk will have entire control of the train and the detachment of engineers serving with it, and will use every effort to push it forward as soon as the Seventeenth Corps is across. He will use the engineers in cutting and repairing the roads.

IV. The following are the orders for the movement to-morrow:

1. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will have the advance, and will move out at 6 a. m., on the road taken this afternoon by the division in advance of him.

2. The train of the Third Division will follow the First Division.

3. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will move out his command at 6 a. m., and, taking the first left-hand road after passing these headquarters, will proceed to Station Numbers 14, on the railroad, and destroy the road effectually from that point to a point opposite Irwin's Cross-Roads. His train will move as directed in the second section of this order.

4. Brigadier General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will be prepared to move at 8 o'clock, and will follow the train of the Third Division.

5. Major A. C. Waterhouse, commanding Artillery Brigade, will move the artillery as heretofore, except the battery that moves with the Third Division, which will be assigned to the First Division for to-morrow's march.

6. Lieutenant-Colonel Rusk, commanding the Twenty-fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, will move out the bridge train at 7 o'clock a. m., and will follow the Fourth Division.

