
7. These headquarters will move as heretofore.

Each division commander in this corps will at once send to the pontoon train at the river twenty-six serviceable mules. They will be reported to Captain B. F. Buzard, commanding pontoon train. If necessary empty wagons will be burned and the mules taken for this purpose. It is essential that the mules should be sent down to-night, in order that the train may move in the morning.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,

Near Ball's Ferry, GA., November 26, 1864.

Brigadier General M. D. LEGGETT,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-General commanding directs me to say to you that he will send your orders to-morrow, by the time you reach Station Numbers 13, as to your camping-ground. The First Alabama Cavalry is encamped to-night near Station Numbers 14, and will move under your orders to-morrow. You will direct it to move on your left flank, so as to cover your working parties. It will be impossible for you to take any wheels with you to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,

Sandersville, GA., November 26, 1864.

The following movements are ordered, and will commence at an early hour to-morrow morning.

Major-General Davis, commanding Fourteenth Corps, will send two divisions, unencumbered by wagons (except a pontoon train), to Louisville, via Fenn's Bridge, crossing both branches of the Ogeechee River and moving down the east bank of the east branch to Louisville. The divisions, having in charge the trains of the corps, will move to Louisville, via Davisborough.

Brigadier-General Williams, commanding Twentieth Corps, with two divisions, will continue the destruction of the railroad, and send the other division in charge of the trains of the corps to Davisborough as soon as the road is cleared by the Fourteenth Corps.

By command of Major-General Slocum:

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 25. Sandersville, GA., November 26, 1864.

The troops of the corps will move upon Louisville, GA., to-morrow in the following order: The Second and Third Divisions, under command of Brigadier-General Baird, leaving their general supply and ammunition trains and all other surplus wagons, will march light at daylight,

