
by way of Fenn's Bridge, and thence by such road as General Baird may deem best, with a view of turning Louisville and obtaining possession of that place. The trains of the corps will be under the charge of Brigadier-General Carlin, and will be escorted and guarded by his division by way of Davisborough, for which point they will move at daylight, in the following order: One brigade of the division as advance guard, followed, successively, by the First Division trains; a second brigade of the division; corps headquarters train; reserve artillery and ammunition trains; trains of Third Division; trains of Second Division; and the remaining brigade as rear guard. General Carlin will make such further dispositions as he may deem necessary for the safety of his column. The quartermasters of the Second and Third Divisions will report their trains to-night to Captain Remington, who will have general supervision of all the trains. Colonel Buell will divide his pontoon train, reporting such portion as may be required to General Baird, and moving the remainder in the rear of the ammunition train of the corps and immediately in front of the trains of Third Division. The corps commander will remain with the First Division.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Station Numbers 13, Macon and Savannah Railroad,

November 26, 1864-2. 45 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The head of my column has reached the railroad without molestation, and are at work destroying it. A small body of the enemy's cavalry left here about half an hour before its occupation by my advance. My headquarters will be here to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Tennille Station, GA., November 26, 1864.

To-morrow the Second Division will continue the destruction of the railroad toward Davisborough, commencing at an early hour. Brigadier-General Jackson, with the First Division, starting at 6 a. m., will proceed by the road on the south side of the railroad to the point where that road crosses the railroad, about seven miles from this point, where he will commence destroying the railroad toward Davisborough. The two batteries now here, with all other vehicles, will accompany the First Division. The pioneer battalion will march with the First Division. The Michigan Engineers will remain with the Second Division and assist in destroying the railroad.

Brigadier-General Ward will take charge of the train, and as soon as the road is opened by the Fourteenth Corps, will march it to Davisborough. He will use his division and the two batteries now with the train as a guard for this purpose.

