
consider the battery on Morris Island as of more consequence, please to let me know. The squadron is short handed, and a large number of the men entirely inexperienced, so that it is difficult to get up a detached force and organize it decently. I shall, however, be ready at the time named.

I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 23 Morris Island, S. C., November 26, 1864.

* * * * *

V. The following troops will embark on the night of the 27th instant, for special service, from Folly Island: The Fifty-sixth New York Volunteers, eight companies of the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, five companies of the Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, and one section of Battery B, Mesereau's New York artillery; from Morris Island, four companies of the Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers and one section of Battery B, Mesereau's light battery.

By order of Brigadier General J. P. Hatch:

LEONARD B. PERRY,First Lieutenant, 55th Massachusetts Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

FORT MONROE, VA., November 26, 1864.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Steamer Hermann Livingstone arrived at 6 p. m., with 753 exchanged prisoners; lost two on passage; the rest are reported doing well, and improving very last.

Savannah Daily Morning News of the 23rd has following telegraph news:

AUGUSTA, November 22.

The Central train, from Davisborough, reports that Milledgeville and Gordon were captured yesterday. The State House, Governor's mansions, and penitentiary were burned. General Wayne holds the Oconee bridge. Nothing from Macon. Passengers from Georgia road report that the train went to Greensborough to-day. The enemy appears to have all gone in the direction of Milledgeville and Macon, but nothing certain is known.

The Augusta Constitutionalist of Monday evening says:

The passengers by the Georgia road train last evening report the Oconee bridge, five miles above Gordon, was burned about noon yesterday by small party of the enemy's cavalry, who retired, after burning the bridge, to their camp, on the north side of the river. The force of the enemy on the line of this road is estimated at 15,000, advancing slowly and cautiously. Governor of South Carolina has ordered the Reserve Militia of that State to assemble at Hamburg. Governor Brown has issued a proclamation, making a levy en masse of all citizens between the ages of sixteen and fifty-five, to serve for forty days.

Captain Baker, of the Hermann Livingstone, says it was reported, before he left, that Sherman occupied Macon; that there were 2,500 Union prisoners at Macon, on the way to Savannah to be exchanged, but the road being interrupted, they could not be brought through; otherwise, the exchange was going on well.

GEO. D. SHELDON,

Cipher Operator, U. S. Military Telegraph.

