
WASHINGTON, D. C., November 27, 1864.

CHIEFS OF QUARTERMASTER'S,

COMMISSARY, AND ORDNANCE DEPARTMENTS:

Advises just received state that General Sherman had crossed the Oconee River. It is therefore quite certain that he will come out on the Atlantic coast. But as it would not be safe to withdraw stores from Pensacola yet, additional supplies should be immediately prepared for shipment to Hilton Head.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Tennville Station, GA., November 27, 1864-10. 15 a. m.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: The general commanding is now at this point, and has put in motion two divisions of the Fourteenth Corps, without wagons, from Sandersville, by Fenn's Bridge, to Louisville. The Twentieth Corps, with all the train of the Left Wing, will move to Louisville by the road passing through Davisborough. He wishes you to move your two corps eastward on the two roads, starting from Irwin's Cross-Roads, as follows: The right column, crossing Ohoopee River, straight for Johnson; thence along the main Savannah road to the point where it intersects the road from Swainsborough, through Canoochee, Bark Camp, and Rocky Creek Church, to Waynesborough. At that point the commanding officer should have instructions to turn toward Station Numbers 9, in the absence of other orders. The left column to take the road from Irwin's Cross-Roads direct toward Louisville until it intersects the road from Sandersville next south of the railroad, and south of Williamson's Swamp Creek, until abreast of Station Numbers 10 (or Sebastopol), where it is probable we will cross the Ogeechee. The general proposes to attend this latter column himself.

Please renew your instructions to the detail breaking up the railroad from Oconee to Tennille not to be in too great a hurry, but to do their work well. From this point it can join its proper corps on either of the above-named routes. The general finds it difficult to get information of roads, but those described exist on all our maps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY HITCHCOCK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Irwin's Cross-Roads, GA., November 27, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

Your dispatch of this date just received. I suppose the route named would be taken, except that the places of crossing the Ogeechee are different. General Blair will take the Louisville road to the intersection described; General Corse will join his reserve brigade and wagon train at the intersection of Louisville and Jackson roads, after he has

