
destroyed the railroad as far as Station 13; General Osterhaus will meet Corse at Johnson, having found a settlement road leading directly from this place to that point. I will accompany the south column, and communicate with you constantly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Tennille Station, GA., November 27, 1864-1 p. m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: General Corse is now here, and from conversation with him the General-in-chief is in doubt about the destruction of the Oconee and Buffalo Creek railroad bridges, and he wishes to be sure beyond any question that they are destroyed. To this end, you will give the necessary orders that will insure the complete destruction of both, unless they are already destroyed.

I am, General, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Irwin's Cross-Roads, GA., November 27, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

General Blair crossed his cavalry yesterday the first thing, with orders to destroy those bridges. He has not yet been officially informed about it, but has renewed his order to completely destroy them. I think from the fires yesterday seen in that direction there is little doubt that they are consumed. The railroad on the other side is burned from Gordon up to the railroad bridge, but I fear that a part is not as well done as usual, owing to the great difficulty of getting the rail off the longitudinal pieces; but these and the cross-pieces are so much burned that all will have to be gotten up and replaced. In some places, on account of the water, the trestle-work could not be burned. There it was effectually cut down. You may be sure it will cost some labor to repair damages between the Ocmulgee and the Oconee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

P. S. - I renewed my order as to the completeness of the work.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 179. Irwin's Cross-Roads, GA., November 27, 1864.

* * * * *

V. The army will move forward, substantially, as follows: First, Major-General Osterhaus will move his left column of two divisions by the Louisville road and to the intersection of the Johnson road, and thence

