
to Johnson this evening, being careful to clear that intersection at an early hour to-morrow morning. His right column will move by a settlement road directly to Johnson, starting at 7 a. m. to-morrow. Second, Major-General Blair will move on the Louisville road (starting his column at 7 a. m to-morrow, or earlier at his option) till he reaches the nearest parallel road to the railroad on the south side, south of Williamson's Swamp Creek. He will follow this road till abreast of Station Numbers 10 (or Sebastopol), where it is probable he will cross the Ogeechee. Major-General Sherman proposes to accompany this column in person. Headquarters will be at Johnson to-morrow night, the train moving with the leading division of the right column. The herds of cattle (other than those belonging to divisions) will follow the right column to Johnson, a regiment from the rear division of which will remain at this point till everything is passed, and will then follow on to Johnson, carefully guarding all roads leading south.

* * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Irwin's Cross-Roads, GA., November 27, 1864.

Major General P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

Major-General Howard directs me to say that General Sherman now requires that as long marches as possible be made each day, to effect which he would advise early starts and as steady marching as the trains and troops can stand and the state of the roads will admit, halting, however, the head of column of each division in time to allow the division train to get up and into park before a late hour in the evening. As there is no enemy to speak of to encounter, it is not essential that the command should be massed each night, but the troops and trains of each division should be concentrated. The divisions should not, however, be allowed to get more than three miles apart.

I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major-General Blair.)

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 184. Irwin's Cross-Roads, GA., November 27, 1864.

* * * * *

III. The following are the movements of the corps for this p. m.: The two brigades of the First Division, Brigadier-General Woods commanding, in camp at this place, will, at 1 o'clock, march, with the entire division train, on the Augusta road, to the intersection of the Sandersonville and Johnson roads. Brigadier General John M. Corse, commanding Fourth Division, will order his train, escorted by the brigade in camp here, to follow the First Division, with a view to the same destination. On arriving at the cross-roads, the troops and trains are to encamp on the south side of the Augusta road, which must be entirely clear for

