
the Seventeenth Corps to-morrow morning. The Third Brigade, First Division, now at work on railroad, will rejoin its division at Irwin's Cross-Roads, the commanding officer of which will report at these headquarters for further instructions. The two brigades of the Fourth Division now at work on railroad will rejoin their division via railroad station No 13, from whence they will march along the direct Johnson road to the intersection of the Augusta road. These brigades must also be south of the latter road by to-morrow morning.

* * * * *

V. The corps will move forward to Johnson at 7 a. m. to-morrow, in the following order: The Fourth Division, Brigadier-General Corse commanding, with trains, will move on the direct road, followed by the First Division, Brigadier-General Woods commanding, with trains, &amp;c. The right column will also move on the direct road from their present camp, the Third Division, Brigadier-General Smith commanding, in advance, accompanied by the pontoon train and trains of department and corps headquarters, to be followed by the Second Division, Brigadier-General Hazen commanding. General Hazen will detail from his command one regiment, which will remain at this point until everything has passed, and will then follow on to Johnson, carefully guarding all roads leading south.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 245. Irwin's Cross-Roads, GA., November 27, 1864.

The commanding officers of the First and Third Brigades of this division will at once have their commands in readiness to move, the men supplied with two days' rations in their haversacks, and also carrying such tools as are requisite in the destruction of railroads. The teams belonging to these brigades will immediately be driven near the supply train of the division, and there neatly parked, as they will not accompany the brigades. Colonels Williamson and Smith, of the Third and First Brigades, respectively, will report here with their commands forthwith for instructions.

By order of Brigadier General C. R. Woods:

FRED. H. WILSON,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 239. Near Irwin's Cross-Roads, GA., November 27, 1864.

I. This command will move at 7 a. m. to-morrow, the 28th instant, in the following order: First, one regiment Second Brigade, followed by one ambulance and one wagon; second, pioneer corps, tool wagons, one ambulance, and one wagon (baggage); third, Battery B, First Michigan Artillery, followed by the wagons belonging to the battery; fourth, remainder of Second Brigade, each regiment followed by one ambulance and one wagon; fifth, ammunition train; five and a half, Fifteenth Army Corps headquarters train; sixth, division headquarters train and provost guard; seventh, Second Brigade train; eighth, First Brigade

