
that he wished me to "put it in shape" as soon as I could. I at once called on my division commanders for animals, and the next morning sent down my provost-marshal with 152 mules, with which he put the train in order, and brought it forward to the river, the number of mules to each wagon having been increased to eight. I received notice last night that another division of the train had been made, which left my section short eighty mules. I would respectfully state that an equitable division of the pontoon train could not possibly leave ten of my wagons without mules or harness, when I had just placed the whole section in an efficient condition. The mules were sent to the bridge at once, and the officer in charge of the bridge directed that as soon as the cattle of the army had crossed he would take up the bridge and move forward to the command. This morning the Fifteenth Army Corps section was taken up, and my section used to cross General John E. Smith's division. My bridge train is still at the river, together with a regiment of this corps as guard, and will probably not be up tot he command before to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Major-General.

P. S. - I make this statement because I was informed this morning by one of General Howard's staff that my bridge was taken up before the cattle crossed.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Irwin's Cross-Roads, GA., November 27, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Captain C. B. Reese, chief engineer, for investigation and report.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER,

Irwin's Cross-Roads, GA., November 27, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant Colonel William Tweeddale, who will report, showing with as much detail as possible, how the division of the transportation, including wagons, mules, and harness, has been made.

C. B. REESE,

Captain of Engineers, chief Engineer Dept. and Army of the Tenn.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT ENGINEERS, MISSOURI VOLS.,Clifton Crossing, GA., December 3, 1864.

Respectfully returned with the following report:

The pontoon train previous to its division at Gordon consisted of 330 mules and harness, 28 boat wagons, 12 chess wagons, 2 tool wagons, 1 battery wagon, 1 abutment wagon, 1 forge wagon, 10 army wagons - total, 55 - of which there were turned over at Gordon to form the first section, 14 road wagons, 6 chess wagons, 1 tool wagon, 46 mules and harness. At the Oconee River there were turned over to Lieutenant

