
Lyle, acting assistant quartermaster, by Lieutenant Morton, 80 mules and harness complete; making in first section, 126 mules and harness, 21 wagons and saddles; in second section, 204 mules and harness, 24 pontoon wagons and saddles, 10 army wagons.

W. TWEEDDALE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding First Regiment Engineers, Missouri Volunteers.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Mill Ray, GA., December 5, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the adjutant-General Department of the Tennessee.

C. B. REESE,

Captain of Engineers, Chief Engineer Dept. and Army of the Tenn.

[Fifth indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Wright's Bridge, GA., December 6, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Major General F. P. Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, and attention invited to indorsements.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 291. Irwin's Cross-Roads, GA., November 27, 1864.

I. The orders for the movement to-morrow are:

1. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will have the advance, and will move out on the Louisville road at 6 a. m.

2. Brigadier General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will be prepared to move at 7 o'clock, and will follow the First Division.

3. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will move at 6 a. m., on the Sandersville road, one mile and a quarter, then turning to the right will move on a road parallel to the one taken by the First and Fourth Divisions.

4. The trains of the First Alabama Cavalry and Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will follow the train of the First Division.

5. The pontoon train and its guard, Lieutenant-Colonel Rusk commanding, will move in advance of the Fourth Division.

6. These headquarters will move as heretofore.

* * * * *

III. The following assignment of the artillery of this corps is hereby made, and the battery commanders will forthwith report accordingly: Company C, [First] Michigan Artillery, to the First Division; Fifteenth Ohio Battery, to the Third Division; First Minnesota Battery, to the Fourth Division. Division commanders will have perfect military control of the battery assigned to them.

The subsistence and ordnance stores and train of the artillery will be divided among the divisions. Lieutenant Colonel E. M. Joel, chief quartermaster, will apportion the subsistence train, and Lieutenant S. J. Smith,

36 R R - VOL XLIV

