
in piles in the center of the road, the rails placed thereon, and the whole burned, after which the rails will be twisted. Each brigade will be assigned two miles of the road, which it is expected they will thoroughly destroy. Two companies of the First Michigan Engineers will accompany each brigade, to twist the rails. As soon as each brigade has accomplished its work to the satisfaction of the engineer officer, and in accordance with the orders on that subject, it will move along the road to Spiers Station, or near there. The next day these same divisions will continue the destruction of the road up to the Ogeechee River, and then join the main command on the road to Louisville (east of the river), near Old Town, on Spring Creek.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Davisborough, GA., November 27, 1864.

The entire wagon train of this corps and all of the artillery and cavalry will break camp to-morrow morning and march on the dirt road to Louisville. The Third Division will accompany the trains as escort, General Ward taking charge of the column, and will start it at 6 a. m.

The First and Second Divisions, with the Michigan Engineers and the pioneer battalion, will continue the destruction of the railroad. General Geary will thoroughly destroy the track from where he left off to-day to this point, commencing work at daylight. The First Division, commencing at the same time, will begin at the railroad station and destroyed the track eastward. The bridge will not be destroyed until all of the troops have passed there. It is expected that these two division will reach Spiers Station to-morrow night. Division commanders will assign the work to their different brigades. It is expected that each brigade will thoroughly destroy two miles of road per day. The iron must be thoroughly destroyed by heating and twisting.

Major Yates, commanding First Michigan Engineers, will direct half of his regiment to accompany and work with the First Division, and the other half with the Second Division - two companies to work with each brigade of infantry.

The route to be traversed by these two divisions being entirely impracticable for wagons all vehicles must accompany the train, which we will probably reach the second night out. All tools, baggage, provisions, &c., must be carried on pack-animals, and but as few of these as possible should be taken.

General Geary, after destroying the track up to this point, will pass the First Division and commence work beyond them.

By command of Brigadier General A. S. Williams:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,

Davisborough, GA., November 27, 1864.

The entire wagon train of this division will break camp to-morrow at 6 a. m. and march toward Louisville. The Third Division will accompany and guard the train of the whole corps. This division will com-

