
roads by 8 a. m. The Third Division, Brigadier-General Smith commanding, will march, accompanied by the pontoon train and train of these headquarters, at 7 a. m., on the Savannah or any other road, to a point south of Sebastopol (railroad depot Numbers 10), avoiding all roads occupied by the Seventeenth Corps. The Second Division, Brigadier-General Hazen commanding, will leave its present camp at 7. 30 a. m., following Third Division. The First Division, Brigadier-General Woods commanding, will move as already instructed. Division commanders will cause their pioneer corps to repair thoroughly and substantially all bad places in the roads traveled, and whenever practicable, will leave a pioneer detail, under an efficient officer, at all such places until their respective trains have passed. Whenever possible, the column will be doubled.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 240. Savannah Cross-Roads, GA., November 28, 1864.

I. This command will move at 7 a. m. to-morrow, the 29th instant, in the following order: First, one regiment First Brigade as advance guard, followed by one ambulance and one wagon; second, pioneer corps, tool wagons, one ambulance, and one wagon (baggage); third, Battery B, First Michigan Artillery, followed by wagons belonging to the battery; fourth, three regiments First Brigade, each followed by one ambulance and one wagon; fifth, ammunition train; sixth, Fifteenth Army Corps headquarters train; seventh, division headquarters train; eighth, First Brigade train; ninth, Second Brigade train; tenth, quartermaster's train; eleventh, commissary of subsistence train; twelfth, ambulance corps, except ambulances assigned to regiments and detachments; thirteenth, pontoon train; fourteenth, one regiment First Brigade and two regiments of Second Brigade, well deployed, upon the right flank of the division trains; fifteenth, two regiments Second Brigade, rear guard. The regimental wagons of the flanking and rear-guard regiments will be placed in advance of the rear guard.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. BUDLONG,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ALABAMA CAVALRY,

November 28, 1864.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the headquarters of the Twentieth Corps is to-night at Station Numbers 11, two miles and a half from my camp, and that the Fifteenth Corps is camped about the same distance on my right. One of my flanking companies to-night found about 10,000 bushels of corn, cribbed and partly shelled, about a mile in front of your headquarters and a mile to the left of the road. I also have the honor, General, to send you herewith Savannah papers of the 23rd and 24th instant.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. SPENCER,

Colonel, Commanding.

