
seventh, ordnance train; eight, the remaining brigade, except its last regiment; ninth, teams of the rear brigade; tenth, remaining regiment of rear brigade, as rear guard to the train; its commanding officers will in all cases assist the train over all bad places. The ambulance and one team to each regiment will follow their respective regiments as heretofore.

By order of Brigadier General Giles A. Smith:

CHAS. H. BRUSH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 28, 1864.

General GEARY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that, as soon as you have completed the destruction of the railroad to Davisborough, you march your division to Spiers Station, camping there to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., November 28, 1864.

Bvt. Brigadier General STEWART VAN VLIET,

Quartermaster, New York:

GENERAL: You will send to Hilton Head 150 barrels of salt for use of the animals of General Sherman's army, unless you have good reasons to know that there is already a sufficient supply at that depot. General Sherman appears to be heading for the Atlantic coast, and orders have been given to send more supplies to Hilton Head. I direct Colonel S. L. Brown to-day to commence shipping, in light-draught vessels, to Hilton Head 30,000 rations of grain and the same of hay daily until further orders, or until the receipt of certain intelligence of the point which will be made his new base of operations. The stores sent to Pensacola will not be withdrawn until such information is received. I inclose an unsealed letter to General Foster, commanding Department of the South, and also one for Major General C. W. Thomas, chief quartermaster of that department, which, after reading, you will forward to their destination by first steamer.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CONFIDENTIAL.] QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, November 28, 1864.

Major-General FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South, Hilton Head:

(Through General Van Vliet, Quartermaster's Department, New York.)

GENERAL: Supplies of clothing and of quartermaster's stores of forage, grain, and hay have been shipped to Hilton Head and also to

