
CONFIDENTIAL.] QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, November 28, 1864.

Colonel S. L. BROWN,

Forage Division, Numbers 66 Cedar Street, New York:

COLONEL: General Sherman appears to be heading toward the Atlantic. If he strikes that coast, Hilton Head will be the rendezvous for all supply vessels until he establishes his base of operations. In addition to former orders, you will ship daily until further orders, or until definite information of General Sherman's route makes a change evidently necessary, 30,000 rations of grain and 30,000 rations of hay (30,000 each) for the use of his army. These should be shipped in as light-draught vessels as possible, and ordered to the chief quartermaster of the Department of the South, who will direct their future movements upon such official information as he may receive.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., November 28, 1864.

Rear-Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have just received your favor of the 27th instant. Horses will be supplied for the naval howitzers from the quartermaster's department, with a proper amount of forage. Teamsters will also be furnished by the quartermaster of the department. The chief commissary will issue rations to the detachment from the navy while they are on shore, and, if necessary, receipts can be passed at some future time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL SLOCUM'S HEADQUARTERS,

Near Louisville, GA., November 29, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the safe arrival of General Kilpatrick with his command on Big Creek, three miles from Louisville, at 10 a. m. to-day. The particulars of the expedition I will give you more fully in person some time to-morrow.

We burned the bridge, about 120 feel long, over Brier Creek, four miles north of Waynesborough, during Saturday night. Captured at Waynesborough a train of 8 box and 3 platform cars and a locomotive, all of which were burned, the cargo, hogs for Augusta, turned loose.

We encamped Sunday night on the railroad, toward Millen, building fires for nearly two miles. The prisoners had been moved to a point 100 miles south of Savannah, on the Gulf railroad, so reported by one of our escaped prisoners who joined us. Augusta papers of 25th report Bragg at that place (people say Longstreet also) and Hardee at Millen. Wheeler met us at Sylvan Grove at 11 p. m. on Saturday, and kept up a most persistent attack from that time until last evening, when we handsomely repulsed his charge. We lost yesterday over 100.

