
The enemy having no artillery, and charging our barricades mounted, and being repulsed with artillery and Spencer rifles, could not have gone unhurt. The Augusta papers say you, not being able to whip Hood, were compelled to retreat in this way. Our route was across Long Bridge, Factory Gibson, Sylvan Grove, Woodburn, Waynesborough, back across Rocky Creek, Rocky Creek Church, Buck Head Creek, and Louisville. Country generally very open; forage in abundance.

Very respectfully,

JOS. C. AUDENRIED,

Captain, U. S. Army, and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Cross-Roads, opposite Station 10, November 29, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my command in camp to-night, as follows, viz: The Seventeenth Corps on Rocky Creek, ten or twelve mils from the river; the First Division, Fifteenth Corps, at Summerville, where the road from 95 intersects the Savannah road; my headquarters are at cross-roads, opposite Station 10, some five miles west of General Woods'; the remainder of the Fifteenth Corps is at Sutherland's Mill, on Battle Creek, on Savannah road. I inclose copy of order for the movement to-morrow. I have directed General Blair to cross the river either at Station Numbers 10 or 95, as may be most practicable, and, unless orders are received to the contrary, to concentrate with the Fifteenth Corps near Herndon (or Station 9), not knowing but that you may have other directions.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENN., FIELD ORDERS, Cross-Roads, opposite Station 10, GA., Numbers 180. November 29, 1864.

1. Major-General Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, will cross his command over the Ogeechee at Station Numbers 10 or Station Numbers 95, as may be most practicable, and, after crossing, will, unless otherwise directed, concentrate with the Fifteenth Corps near Herndon.

2. Major-General Osterhaus, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will concentrate his command at Station Numbers 9 (as indicated on the map) as rapidly as possible.

The train proper of these headquarters will move with General Wood's division (First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps), and the supply train of same, in charge of Colonel Conklin, chief quartermaster, will be placed at the head of the supply train of General John E. Smith's division (Third Division, Fifteenth Army Corps).

The herds of cattle will continue to move with the Fifteenth Corps.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

