HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, November 29, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Right Wing, Army of Georgia:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge receipt of your dispatch of this evening, and to say that your order of movement for to-morrow is all right, except that he does not wish the Fifteenth Corps to cross the Ogeechee until he learns positively where the enemy propose to resist us. We find her that a brigade of the Twentieth Corps is in possession of the Ogeechee railroad bridge, having broken the railroad all the way up from Station 15. He has also learned that Kilpatrick was engaged in fighting the enemy yesterday north and east of Louisville, and rumors of intention to offer us battle about Millen reach us. To-morrow the Seventeenth Corps will cross at 95; and as soon as the commanding general can learn definitely the state of affairs north and east of the Ogeechee, he will give more definite orders concerning the Fifteenth Corps. In the meantime, he wishes that corps to be kept well in hand, ready to move rapidly to turn the position at Millen by crossing at Paramore's Hill.

Should you fail to receive orders, always move toward Savannah, keeping abreast or ahead of the Seventeenth Corps, crossing the Ogeechee only when necessary to meet an enemy. There is a rumor of Longstreet and his corps coming to Augusta; but the general thinks Longstreet is there in person with fragments of troops collected from Charleston and North Carolina, but that the corps remains still in Virginia. The probabilities are that the Seventeenth Corps will move substantially along the railroad, whilst the Left Wing, with Kilpatrick's cavalry, will move about eight or ten miles to the north of Millen, keeping up the feint toward Augusta as long as we deem it necessary.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HITCHCOCK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers -. Near Summertown, GA., November 29, 1864.

At 8 o'clock to-morrow morning this division will resume its march in the direction of Summertown, as follows: First Brigade; pioneers; Twelfth Wisconsin Battery; headquarters train First Division; ambulance train; ten wagons infantry ammunition; train of the First, Second, and Third Brigades; supply train; ordnance train; Third Brigade; the Second Brigade will march by regiments on the right flank of the train, covering the ambulance and ordnance trains inclusive. Two companies of the rear regiment of the Third Brigade will be sent forward at the head of column before starting, for provost duty. Colonel Smith, commanding First Brigade, will send forward his advance regiment at 7 a. m., supplied with axes and instructed to corduroy the road, beginning at the first swampy crossing in front of the camp.

By order of Brigadier General Charles R. Woods:

FRED. H. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

