SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 241. Near Sutherland's Mills, GA., November 29, 1864.

This command will move at 7 a. m. to-morrow, the 30th instant, in the following order: First, one regiment Second Brigade, advance guard, followed by one ambulance and one wagon; second, pioneer corps, tool wagons, one ambulance, and one wagon (baggage); third, Battery B, First Michigan Artillery, followed by wagons belonging to the battery; fourth, remainder of Second Brigade, each regiment followed by one ambulance and one wagon; fifth, ammunition train; sixth, division headquarters train; seventh, Second Brigade train; eighth, First Brigade train; ninth, quartermaster's train; tenth, commissary of subsistence train; eleventh, ambulance corps, except ambulances assigned to regiments and detachments; twelfth, pontoon train; thirteenth, three regiments First Brigade, well deployed, upon the right flank of the division trains; fourteenth, two regiments First Brigade, rear guard. The regimental wagons of the flanking and rear-guard regiments will be placed in advance of the rear guard.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. BUDLONG,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, near Slater's Mills, GA., Numbers 19. November 29, 1864.

* * * * *

II. This command will move to-morrow, the 30th instant, at 6 a. m. The Third Brigade has the advance; the Second Brigade will move in the center, on either side of the trains; the First Brigade will bring up the rear; the battery will follow in rear of the Third Brigade; the pioneer corps will move soon with the advance, so as to repair roads and bridges promptly. The trains will move in the following order: First, division headquarters train; second, pioneer corps train; third, the Third Brigade train; fourth, the Second Brigade train; fifth, the First Brigade train; sixth, the ordnance train; seventh, the supply train; eighth, the ambulance corps train.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

L. CARPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 293. In the Field, GA., November 29, 1864.

The orders for the movement of this corps to-morrow are as follows: 1. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will have the advance, and will move forward to the Ogeechee River at 7 a. m.

2. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will move forward at 7 a. m., and will follow the Third Division.

3. Brigadier General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will be prepared to move at 9 o'clock, and will follow the First Division.

4. The pontoon train and its guard, Lieutenant-Colonel Rusk commanding, will move in advance of the supply train of the Third Division.

