
Ogeechee to Louisville, and join us at this point. For this purpose, our bridges over the Ogeechee and Rocky Comfort Creek will be left standing to-morrow, and we shall await here until you arrive. The general desires you to take an early start and get here as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - Please send the inclosed dispatch* to General Sherman, who must be near you in the direction of Sebastopol.

Very respectfully,

H. C. RODGERS.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Spiers Station, GA., November 29, 1864.

Brigadier General J. W. GEARY,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you follow with your troops on the road along the railroad towards the Ogeechee River, bringing the Michigan Engineers with you

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Six miles east of Station Numbers 11, November 29, 1864-7 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have reached this point, and am encamping my troops on the east side of a creek which crosses the road. I have marched twenty-one miles to-day, from Davisborough, and my troops are much wearied. I learn that the troops with you are encamped two or three miles ahead. I will move forward early in the morning. Yesterday my two brigades, with the Michigan Engineers, thoroughly destroyed a little more than five miles of railroad west of Davisborough, to effect which part of my command marched in all during the day fifteen miles. We returned to Davisborough, and encamped there after 8 p. m., finding it out of the question to march to Spiers Station. During the afternoon my troops, in addition to the work on the railroad, had considerable skirmishing with a force of rebel cavalry, part of Ferguson's brigade, which, moving down from Sandersville to annoy the flank of the Seventeenth Corps, attempted to cross the railroad at a point where I had but few men. The only casualties in my command were one man slightly wounded and five or six captured.

I am, Colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See 7 p. m., p. 574.

---------------

37 R R- VOL XLIV

