HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Ogeechee River, GA., November 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General GEARY,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that he wishes you to start with your command to-morrow morning as soon as possible after daylight. He wishes the Michigan Engineers marched at the head of your column, so as to reach here as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Louisville, GA., November 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry:

Inclosed you will find a copy of a note just received from Major-General Slocum. General Carlin's division has been ordered out, in accordance with it,* at daylight to-morrow. General Davis directs me to request you to order a brigade of cavalry to report to General Carlin at his headquarters, about a mile from town, on the direct road to your camp.

I have the honor to be, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Opposite Numbers 9 1/2, GA., November 30, 1864.

Major Henry HITCHCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: General Howard directs me to say, for the information of the General-in-chief, that Captain Duncan, commanding scouts, has just returned to camp, and reports he was to-day within three miles of Millen, on this side of the river, and found no enemy. He sent a sergeant and three men across the river into Millen, and expects to hear from them to-morrow morning. He captured a lieutenant on General Humes' staff, who says he left General Wheeler to-day, about six miles north of Station Numbers 9. Not much information could be got from him. Says his intention was to visit Southern Alabama on important private business, but lives in Northern Alabama. Was told by General Wheeler that he would find no enemy on this side of the river; that they had all crossed. Speaks quite confidently, and says he presumes we will not meet with any very great opposition before reaching the coast, where he says it is supposed we are going, but there they will have a large force to oppose us. Thinks their policy is to evacuate Richmond for the purpose of capturing Sherman; believes that when they fight us Lee will in person command the army. The general thinks he is a bearer of dispatches to Hood, but none have yet been found on him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Rodgers to Davis, p. 575.

---------------

