
II. The Second Division, Brigadier-General Hazen commanding, having the advance of the right column, will leave his present camp at Summerville at 7 a. m., taking the old Savannah road and marching on it to the intersection of the Jones' Ferry road leading to Station Numbers 8, about six miles southwest of the cross-roads, to which the left column is ordered. The Third Division, Brigadier-General Smith commanding, will follow the Second Division to same destination. If the conformation of the roads is such as to admit of two columns marching abreast, Generals Corse and Smith may take a parallel route to the divisions in advance, leaving, however, the right of the roads to Generals Woods and Hazen, respectively.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 242. Summerville, GA., November 30, 1864.

I. This command will move at 8 a. m. to-morrow, December 1, in the following order: First, pioneer corps and tool wagons in advance; second, Battery B, First Michigan Artillery, followed by the wagons of the battery; third, ambulances (one for each regiment) of First Brigade and pioneer corps (one); fourth, ammunition train; fifth, division headquarters train; sixth, First Brigade train and pioneer corps wagons (baggage); seventh, Second Brigade train; eighth, quartermaster's train; ninth, commissary of subsistence train; tenth, ambulance corps, except ambulances assigned to the regiments and detachments; eleventh, regimental wagons Second Brigade. The infantry will march, the First Brigade in advance, upon the right flank of the artillery and trains, except two regiments of Second Brigade, which will march in rear of the trains as rear guard.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. BUDLONG,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Well's Plantation, GA., Numbers 20. November 30, 1864.

* * * * *

III. This command will move to-morrow, the 1st day of December, at 6 a. m. The Second Brigade will have the advance, followed by the battery; the First Brigade will move in the center, on either side of the trains; the Third Brigade will move in the rear. The pioneer corps will leave camp at 5. 30 a. m., and repair the roads thoroughly whenever necessary, in advance of the arrival of the column, if possible. The trains will move as follows: First, pioneer corps train; second, Second Brigade train; third, First Brigade train; fourth, Third Brigade train; fifth, ordnance train; sixth, supply train; seventh, ambulance corps train.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

L. CARPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

