SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 294. Station 95, GA., November 30, 1864.

The orders for the movement to-morrow are as follows:

1. Brigadier General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will more his infantry across the river at as early an hour as practicable, and will proceed to destroy the railroad for a distance of four miles west from the depot.

2. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will destroy the railroad for a distance of four miles east from the depot, commencing at 7 a. m.

3. When the work assigned is completed, the First and Fourth Divisions will proceed to camp, which will be on the direct Millen road, about seven miles from Station 95. The division which first completes its work will take the advance.

4. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will take charge of the entire train and artillery of the corps, moving them in the same order as to-day, and will move forward on the Millen road at 8 a. m.

5. The train of the Military Division of the Mississippi and of these headquarters will move in advance of the train of the corps.

6. Brigadier-General Smith will direct his rear guard to completely destroy the bridge over the swamp on the opposite side of the river and the bridge across the river.

7. In destroying the road every tie and sleeper must be burned and every rail heated and warped.

* * * * *

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

In the Field, GA., Station Numbers 9 1/2, November 30, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing, &amp;c.:

Your dispatch of 7 p. m. 29th instant just received, and the General-in-chief directs that you move your whole command by all practicable roads in the direction of Millen, keeping well to the north, in the neighborhood of Bark Camp, Birdville, and Buck Head Church, making a lodgment on the railroad north of Millen, destroying a section of track in the direction of Augusta, and turning on Millen in case you hear the sound of battle. We are at Station 9 1/2 - marked Barton on our map - and will finish the railroad up to Millen. As we are a day ahead you will have to march pretty briskly.

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Station 9 1/2, GA., November 30, 1864.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing, &c.:

Your dispatch of last night has been received. By direction of the General-in-chief, you will move your entire command and Kilpatrick's

