
cavalry by practicable roads, via Birdville, on Millen. Instructions of the same character as these have been sent you by the couriers bringing your dispatches, also including the destruction of railroad toward Augusta.

I am, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Louisville, GA., November 30, 1864.

Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Chief of staff, Left Wing:

COLONEL: Carlin's division marched early this morning to Sebastopol, as ordered. I gave General Carlin a copy of your instructions for his guidance. I have heard nothing from this command since it left. The enemy's cavalry have made repeated demonstrations against my pickets on different roads to-day, but have been repulsed in every instance. Morgan's pickets killed three of the enemy in repulsing one of their dashes this afternoon. Our foragers are circumscribed to the limits of the picket-lines; so the general commanding will see the necessity of our getting out of this soon. An officer from Williams informs me that his troops are crossing about two miles below this place.

The above items sum up the news of the day from this corps.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,November 30, 1864.

[General DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:]

GENERAL: Your note has been received. General Williams informs me that the Army of the Tennessee was crossing at Sebastopol to-day. As yet, I have heard nothing from General Sherman. I hope to get orders to-night, as we must move to-morrow on account of lack of forage. In the absence of further orders you will advance your corps on the Waynesborough road from three to five miles. The Twentieth Corps will advance about the same distance on the road to Birdville.

Yours, respectfully,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Louisville, GA., November 30, 1864-12 p. m.

Brigadier General W. P. CARLIN,

Commanding First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you move your command, immediately on receipt of this order, upon the road leading from Station Numbers 10 to Waynesborough; cross the main road leading from Louisville

