
must be punished. If the outside guards were not asleep or bribed it would be impossible to escape. In detecting other prisoners in the attempt to escape they must be shot down at once. Great efforts must continue to be made to rearrest the escaped officers.

Respectfully, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., November 30, 1864.

Lieutenant BERRYMAN,

32nd U. S. Colored Troops, in charge of Pickets, &amp;c., Seabrook:

The general commanding directs that you use every precaution, both with the pickets on land and with the picket-boats, to prevent the escaped rebel prisoners from leaving the island. If there are any naval boats near you notify them. Acknowledge receipt by telegraph.

W. B. DEAN,

Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the South.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., November 30, 1864.

Colonel P. P. BROWN,

Commanding at Fort Pulaski:

I am instructed by the major-General commanding to notify you that some of the rebel prisoners of war have escaped from the guard-house here, and three of them are still at large and believed to be on this island. The commanding general directs that you use the utmost vigilance in regard to the prisoners under your charge.

W. B. DEAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS COAST DIVISION,November 30, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: The naval brigade yesterday, while skirmishing, took the wrong road, going toward Coosawhatchie. The mistake was not discovered until we overtook them last night. After counter marching and going about three miles from the forks of the road we made a similar mistake, getting off three miles to the left on the wrong road. We counter marched, and arrived between 12 and 1 o'clock last night at the point where the last error was made. Move again this morning with the whole force.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Please send both forage and rations with the first wagons. The navy are short of rations.

