
FORT MONROE, VA., November 30, 1864.

Major ECKERT:

Have just received Savannah Daily Morning News of November 26. Came to me through the post-office from Major Mulford. Following is news:

SITUATION AND PROSPECT.

We take the following from the Augusta Chronicle of the 24th:

"The grand prize, which was to be obtained in case Augusta was captured, has been removed. The powder-works, arsenal, armories, and machine shops, located at this place, have been completely dismantled, and valuable portion of their machinery has been removed to a location of safety not threatened. The last car-load, we understand, left to-day. The machinery was sent away merely as a matter of precaution.

"RE-ENFORCEMENTS FROM AN UNEXPECTED QUARTER.

"It will be seen from a dispatch in another column that General Bragg has left Wilmington with re-enforcements for this place. These, we are told, number about 10,000. These, in addition to those who started for Augusta from another section, on Saturday, will make quite a formidable array.

"MAYOR'S OFFICE, Augusta, GA., November 23.

"TO THE PEOPLE OF AUGUSTA:

"I have received a telegram from General Bragg informing me that he is on his way to Augusta with re-enforcements. Other re-enforcements are expected within a few hours. A exhort the people to be calm, to resolve on the defense of their homes and their property, and to rely upon their own and the valor of those who are hastening to our relief. A few days, perhaps hours, may find us redeemed from the proximity of the foe.

"ROBT. H. MAY,

"Mayor. "

The following is the dispatch referred to:

WILMINGTON, November 22.

"Honorable R. H. MAY,

"Mayor of Augusta:

"I leave here to-day with re-enforcements for Augusta. Exhort your people to be confident and resolute.

"BRAXTON BRAGG. "

Re-enforcements are constantly arriving in our city. The air resounds with the shriek of the engine-whistle day and night. The soldiers appear to enjoy the prospect of a fight ahead. The gloom which overspread our city a short time since has disappeared entirely. Everything wears a cheerful aspect.

FROM HOOD'S ARMY.

Intelligence received from a highly responsible source states that Hood's army is in fine spirits and several thousand stronger than when they left Georgia. They are in excellent condition, with abundance of supplies, under marching orders, with Nashville almost in sight.

The same paper, of 22d, has the following:

"FROM THE CENTRAL RAILROAD.

"A gentlemen who arrived last night from Savannah reports that the bridge over the Oconee River, on that road, was not burned yesterday morning, but was being stoutly defended by General Wayne. The position held by General Wayne is considered a very strong one. Milledgeville is in the hands of the Federals, and Atlanta in the possession of the Confederates.

