
"FROM UP THE Georgia ROAD.

"We conversed with an intelligent gentleman, who arrived last night by the passenger train up the Georgia Railroad. He informs us that on Monday the Federals left the line of the Georgia road, going directly to Eatonton. The only Yankees who came to Greensborough were a few stragglers, who were captured. The trains ran up to Greensborough and Athens yesterday. A portion of Major Graham's command reached this city last night. They report that they visited Atlanta several days since, and found it completely evacuated and burned. They stated that the Federals took all the cattle and forage in their route, but did not molest those who remained at home. They captured 2,000 or 3,000 stragglers, who will probably reach here to-day. They also corroborate the statement of the Federals leaving the Georgia Railroad and going in the direction of Eatonton. "

The Constitutionalist of the 25th contains the following:

"FROM THE FRONT - 6 a. m.

"A large number of refugees passed through from Putnam last night, bringing intelligence of the occupation of Eatonton yesterday morning by the Yankees. Several scouts went out to reconnoiter, and were fired upon. Young Dennis' horse returned without the rider; supposed to be killed. As our informant left, the advance guard of twenty-five raiders entered the town, and several cattle drivers for the Government arrived, who stated that our scouts saw 1,500 Yankees passing at 10 o'clock yesterday on the road from Greensborough to Eastonton, probably those reported to have been in Greensborough by the down train yesterday morning. If so, the raiders have turned their course from this region, perhaps for Milledgeville or Macon. Heavy cannonading was heard all yesterday afternoon, in the direction of Macon, believed to be a battle between Sherman and our forces.

"OBSERVER. "

THE SITUATION.

The latest reliable intelligence from the direction of Macon comes from our scouts sent out from Sparta. These scouts, who came in last evening, report that a body of from 600 to 1,000 cavalry had crossed the Oconee, and were moving slowly and nervously toward Sparta. Beyond some burning and stealing, this small band of troopers has no special significance. We have reason to believe they will be seriously bushwhacked, and, we trust, can to pieces. One of the most encouraging features of this invasion is the fact, which we have from the most undoubted testimony, that hundreds of the enemy are straggling from their main bodies and searching for somebody to take them into custody. They are sprawling all about the country, and those who are not willing to surrender can be beautifully bushwhacked. Let all the old and young folks turn out and give the rascals a taste of Georgia State sovereignty. This demoralization of our enemy is most providential for us, and ought to stiffen the backbone of the most timid among us. Three hundred prisoners arrived last night from up the Georgia road, and 400 more are to arrive to-day. These prisoners report that a division of our 3,000 cavalry has followed them all the way, dashing upon them, constantly picking up stragglers and capturing wagons. Hampton's invincible cavalry will be with us in a day or so, and hang upon their eastern flank. General Wayne has whipped Kilpatrick's cavalry division at the Oconee bridge, driving them headlong and in confusion. He telegraphs that he is perfectly able to take care of himself. Wheeler, with many thousand men, has intercepted the enemy at a point at present unmentionable, and is giving them no rest, night or day. The main body of the enemy is moving down the western side of the Oconee, and has whose no disposition thus far to attempt its passage.

The skies are brightening. Everything looks glorious, and, ere long, Mr. Sherman will get a lashing that he little dreamed of when he made his "On to the Gulf. " The gulf of perdition be upon him.
HEADQUARTERS HAMPTON'S CAVALRY,November 24.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Augusta:

Please insert this dispatch in all newspapers in Augusta:

"All men of my command now in Georgia will rendezvous forthwith at Augusta, and those in South Carolina at Columbia, and await orders.

"WADE HAMPTON,

"Major-General. "

General Joseph E. Johnston has arrived in Columbia from Augusta. He intends for the present to make Columbia his home.

