HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Numbers 9, GA., December 1, 1864.

Major-General HOWARD, Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Yours of this date from opposite Numbers 8 is to hand, which I acknowledge by direction of the General-in-chief. He has read your orders to General Blair, and says all right; he does not wish you to move to-morrow further than abreast of Numbers 7. General Slocum is now about abreast of us here, and to-morrow all will reach the vicinity of Buck Head Church, where there will be some delay to us while Slocum is swinging around, and you may calculate on staying at Numbers 7 a day or two for us to get up even. At present Wheeler is very active, and Kilpatrick is operating in connection with General Slocum. You will make disposition to cross at Numbers 7, but whether it will be necessary to do so will depend on the dispositions of the enemy.

I am, General, yours, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Kent's Farm, opp. Station 8, GA., December 1, 1864-10. 30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, Commanding Military Div. of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Two of my scouts just returned from Millen; find no force there except a small number of the enemy's cavalry. From depot to Millen just four miles; considerable trestle-work along the road. A plank road runs parallel with and near the railroad a part of the way, and then bends off a mile and a half. Scouts heard that some of the planking had been taken up, and the gap defended by rebel cavalry. A train of cars came into Millen from direction of Savannah while the scouts were near by, apparently with great caution, and soon returned in the direction from which it came.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 182. Kent's Farm, opp. Station 8, GA., December 1, 1864.

I. This army will continue its movements to-morrow, as follows: First, Major-General Blair, commanding Seventeenth Corps, will continue his march along the Savannah railroad, making complete destruction of that road as he goes. Second, Major-General Osterhaus, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will move his command in two columns of two divisions each - the right column moving toward Statesborough as far as Scull's Creek (main branch), and the left column pursuing the main Savannah road to a point opposite Station Numbers 7. The herds of cattle will follow the left column. The train of these headquarters proper will follow the ammunition wagons of the leading division of the left column, and the supply train of same will move in advance of supply train of same division.

* * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

38 R R - VOL XLIV

