SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 187. Near Millen, GA., December 1, 1864.

I. The attention of division commanders and commanding officers of detachments is called to the irregularities existing in foraging and the manner in which this privilege is often abused. It is noticed that many men not belonging to proper foraging parties are allowed to straggle from the ranks and forage for themselves, without any authority whatever. It is by such men that the greater part of the pillaging is done and depredations committed, of which there is so much complaint. Officers in charge of foraging parties must be continually instructed to keep their men well in hand, never allowing them to precede the advance guard of the column; and to use more discretion in taking from the poor, being careful to leave them sufficient for their immediate subsistence. It is also noticed that the number of mounted men is very largely increasing, and that the ranks are correspondingly diminished. Measures will be at once taken to check this growing evil. The number of mounted foragers to each brigade should be limited and regulated in orders, which, if not done, mounted foragers will be no longer allowed. We are now nearing the enemy, and foraging parties should be cautioned against preceding the advance or extending their operations to too great a distance from the column.

II. The movements of the corps for to-morrow will be as follows: The right column, composed of Second and Third Divisions, will move from their present camps at 7 a. m., the Third Division, Brigadier-General Smith commanding, in advance, followed by the Second Division, Brigadier-General Hazen commanding, marching on the Statesborough road to the main branch of Scull's Creek. If practicable General Hazen will move his division parallel with the Third Division, either on the right or left, giving, however, the right of way to that division. The left column, composed of First and Fourth Divisions, will move from its present camp at 7 a. m., the Fourth Division, Brigadier-General Woods commanding. This column will march on the main Savannah road to a point opposite Numbers 7 where it will encamp. The herds of cattle will follow the left column. The trains of department and corps headquarters with the ammunition wagons of the Fourth Division. The department supply train will move in advance of the Fourth Division supply train. Corps headquarters will be established with the left column.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

F. F. WHITEHEAD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 243. Near Canoochee, GA., December 1, 1864.

I. This command will move at 6 a. m. to-morrow, the 2nd instant, in the following order: First, pioneer corps and tool wagons; second, Battery B, First Michigan Artillery, followed by the wagons of the battery; third, ambulances of Second Brigade (one for each regiment) and pioneer corps (one); fourth, ammunition train; fifth, division headquarters train and provost guard; sixth, Second Brigade train and pioneer corps wagons (baggage); seventh, First Brigade train; eighth, quartermaster's train; ninth, commissary of subsistence train; tenth, ambulance corps, except ambulances assigned to regiments and detachments; eleventh, regimental wagons First Brigade.

