HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Station 9, GA., December 1, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE E. SPENCER,

Commanding First Alabama Cavalry:

COLONEL: The major-General commanding desires you to move a battalion of your command to Station 8 at once, to picket the approaches to the bridge near there and keep open communication with General Howard. The orderly who delivers this communication will conduct the battalion to that point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 295. Near Station 9, GA., December 1, 1864.

I. The orders for the movements to-morrow are:

1. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will have the advance, and will move at 7 a. m., on the Millen road.

2. Brigadier General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will be prepared to move at 8 o'clock, and will follow the First Division.

3. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will be prepared to move at 9 o'clock, and will follow the Fourth Division.

4. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett will move one brigade of his command on the railroad, with orders to destroy the bridge and trestle-work up to Station 8.

5. The pontoon train and guard, Lieutenant-Colonel Rusk commanding, will move [in] advance of the supply train of the First Division.

6. The trains of headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi and these headquarters will move as heretofore.

II. The practice of indiscriminate firing must be stopped. Our supply of ammunition is limited and cannot be renewed until we reach a new base of supplies. Before that time all that we have may be needed. Commanding officers must impress on the minds of their men the necessity of being careful of their ammunition. An alarm is, or should be, given by the discharge of firearms, but the indiscriminate firing renders this mode useless, so that the safety of the army in endangered. The most of the firing is done by forage parties. Commanding officers of forage parties will be held to a strict responsibility for the conduct of their men in this respect. The cartridge-boxes of forage parties will be inspected on their return from duty each day, and the men will be charged 50 cents for each cartridge missing that cannot be satisfactorily accounted for. The charge will be stopped against them on the next muster and pay roll.

This order will be read at once to each company and detachment in the corps.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, 17TH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, GA., December 1, 1864.

The troops of this command will be prepared to march to-morrow at 7 a. m. Order of march: First, pioneer corps; second, Second Brigade;

