
third, First Michigan Battery; * fourth, Third Brigade; fifth, First Brigade; sixth, ambulance corps; seventh, ordnance train; eighth, pontoon train; ninth, supply train.

By order of Major General J. A. Mower:

CHAS. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Station 9, GA., December 1, 1864.

Brigadier General M. D. LEGGETT,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-General commanding directs me to say to you that the commanding officer of the brigade sent from your division on the railroad will be instructed to use the whole day on the road, if necessary. He will tear up a section the length of his brigade on each mile of the road, burning the ties and sleepers and bending the rails. He will burn all the culverts and trestle-work, depots or store-houses, piles of wood, ties, and lumber belonging to the road, and any mills or cotton on or near the road. He will work up to the railroad bridge across Buck Head Creek, but will not destroy that, as it may be needed to cross the infantry. He will forward a report of the day's work to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 163. In the Field, GA., December 1, 1864.

* * * * *

II. This command will march at 7 a. m. to-morrow. Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding First Brigade, will have the advance. Artillery and train ans heretofore.

III. The number (twelve) of pack-animals allowed to each regiment will still be permitted, provided neither enlisted man nor negro be allowed to ride the same; they are for packing purposes, and must not be used for any other. No enlisted man will be permitted to ride, except those already mounted under existing orders. "Bummers" are entitled to a position in the ranks, and must be provided with it. No foragers will leave camp mounted, excepting the officers in charge. Brigade commanders will see that this order is strictly enforced.

By order of Brigadier General M. D. Leggett:

J. C. DOUGLASS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 26. Louisville, GA., December 1, 1864.

The Fourteenth Corps will move upon Birdville, in the following order: General Baird, unincumbered with wagons and supported by

---------------

*Battery C, First Michigan Light Artillery.

---------------

