
Kilpatrick's cavalry will march at once upon the direct road to Waynesborough until they shall have crossed Buck Head Creek. From thence he will take the best practicable road toward Birdville, scouring the country well, so as to secure complete protection to the entire trains of the corps, which will move on a road leading to the right of the Waynesborough road toward the mouth of Mill Creek. General Morgan will be charged with the care of the trains of the corps, which will move at once upon the road above indicated, in the following order: Second Division trains, corps headquarters trains, reserve artillery and ammunition trains, Colonel Buell's command, and Third Division trains. General Carlin will move from his present position, in the vicinity of Old Town, upon the road leading to Waynesborough, cross the road leading direct from Louisville to Birdville, and upon the north side of that road (leaving it free for the Twentieth Corps) will await further orders from General Slocum.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,December 1, 1864.

Major-General DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

GENERAL: I am in camp on the east side of Buck Head Creek, which is a trifling brook at this place. General Kilpatrick left his camp at 12. 15 and I followed at 1. 30. He halted and formed line. He was then skirmishing, and reported four brigades of rebel cavalry in his front. Immediately after he asked me to move to the front, and I did so, he moving a column of cavalry on each side of me. We then moved rapidly. The cavalry which passed us came from toward Millen and moved toward Augusta. I can only hear of 300 between here and Waynesborough. I have found no road leading to Millen, and can hear of none this side of Rocky Creek; just belong a road leads off, intersecting the railroad five miles south of Waynesborough; and if I find no other, and am not strongly opposed, I propose to take that road and begin to destroy the railroad as soon as I reach it. I ought to reach within ten miles of Millen to-morrow night and clear the way for your advance. I want Kilpatrick to destroy Brier Creek bridge, but perpash may have to move my infantry there to get him to do it properly. Rely upon it that I will do the best I can, according to circumstances.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BAIR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,Camp on Buck Head Creek, December 1, 1864.

Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

The major-General commanding desires you to continue the march on the road you are now on, making as many miles per day as you can con-

