
ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Birdville, GA., December 1, 1864.

This division will march at 8 a. m. this morning through Birdville, in the following order: Second Brigade in advance, Third to follow, and First Brigade in rear. The brigades will be so disposed as to guard the train of the division in the manner heretofore ordered, each brigade taking one-third of the wagons, viz, about seventy-five wagons. The division will be preceded by the Second Division and followed by the Third Division.

By command of Brigadier General N. J. Jackson:

GEO. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Bark Camp Creek, December 1, 1864.

This division will march to-morrow toward Millen, starting at 6 a. m., in the following order: The Third Brigade in advance, four regiments of which will march in advance of the train and the remaining two regiments to guard fifty of the leading wagons of the division; the Second Brigade to follow, to guard the remainder of the train, with one regiment in rear of the wagons. Pursuant to orders from corps headquarters, each brigade commander will send out to-morrow a foraging party of fifty men, to fill, as far as possible, all the forage and subsistence wagons, gathering all the sweet potatoes and other vegetables that can be found. These parties can be sent out on the flanks of the column for a distance of two miles, within which limit an abundance of stores can be found. Under no circumstances will any party be allowed to forage in advance of the column, Colonel Hughes, commanding cavalry, having authority to arrest all such. All foraging parties must be provided with a pass, properly approved, as required by existing orders. Attention is again called to the existing orders prohibiting unauthorized firing by foragers.

By command of Brigadier General N. J. Jackson;

GEO. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Spring Creek, GA. (on the road), December 1, 1864.

Brigadier General W. T. WARD,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that at 5 o'clock this evening, wherever the head of your column may be, that you encamp for the night. The brigade of Colonel Selfridge, of the First division, will encamp with you. He directs that you move at daylight to-morrow morning toward Birdville, unless you receive further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

