
Savannah. They are moving all their quartermaster's stores from that place. They are busily engaged in fortifying Savannah in the rear. There are only about one brigade of infantry at Savannah. No troops at Savannah to spare against the expedition at present going on by General Foster. These deserters left Savannah on the 29th ultimo, and next. Our prisoners are being sent through Savannah on Saturday Gulf and Atlantic Railroad; 15,000 have passed through Savannah.

More deserters just arrived, and as a boat is now leaving I send you a summary in haste. Will try and send you more complete information by next opportunity.

In haste,

FRANK GEISE,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Millen, GA., December 2, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: The next movement will be on Savannah, your two corps moving along down the Ogeechee - General Blair to destroy the railroad as far as Ogeechee Church, and the Fifteenth Corps keeping on the south and west bank, ready to cross over in case of opposition to General Blair, otherwise it will not cross until near Eden (Numbers 2). General Slocum will take the two roads north of the railroad, and between it and the Savannah River. As he will have to make a wide detour we must allow him until the fourth day to reach the road from Mill Ray to Halley's Ferry, on the Savannah River. This will make slow marching for you, but, as a general rule, the rear of the Fifteenth Corps should be about abreast of General Blair's head of column. The general has a Savannah paper of yesterday, from which he notices the enemy still remain in doubt as to his intention, being divided between Macon, Augusta, and savannah, and also that an expedition of gun-boats has passed up the Broad River toward the Coosawhatchie. If at any time during your progress you judge it feasible, you might dispatch a small and hold bold party of scouts down toward Hinesville, to burn some culverts and tear up some track and cut the telegraph wire in several places on the Savannah and Gulf Railroad, over which the city of Savannah is now chiefly supplies. The fewer the men and the sooner such a party starts the better. The country is very sparsely settled, and very favorable for such an expedition.

I am, General, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Clifton Ferry, GA., December 2, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The Fifteenth Corps marched in two columns as ordered. The left column reached Scull's Creek between 10 and 11 a. m. ; the ford was too deep for wagons and ammunition, yet the pontoon bridge was

