
during the past two weeks. They have seen nothing of Wheeler's forces, except two or three small scouting parties of eight or ten men each. One of the citizens had come up from Savannah the day previous, and stated that the forces there numbered about 3,000 men, under command of General Dick Taylor. Bragg was expected from Wilmington, via Charleston, with from 10,000 to 15,000 men. General Wayne was at were on the road between Numbers 7 and Savannah. Troops were sent up from Savannah to aid in repulsing an attack by the Federal forces from Port Royal, on the Charleston railroad. He represents the fighting as having been severe, resulting in the repulse of the Federals. Attention is called to the report of Mr. Lonergan, telegraph operator, who accompanies me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. WHITTLE,

Captain and Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Clifton Ferry, GA., December 2, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I tapped the Confederate telegraph line at Station Numbers 7, communicating with Savannah. I listened for about fifteen minutes to the rebel telegraphed operators asking each other questions, none of which are important enough to quote. Hearing the signal "9" given repeatedly, I ventured to answer to that call, and succeeded well in deceived the operator at Savannah, he thinking that I was the proper person. He asked, "What is the news? What is going on?" (These questions satisfied me that I answered properly.) To which I replied, "The Yankees have not yet crossed the river, and all is quiet. " I then asked, "What is the news from the East? How are thins looking in Savannah?" He then asked for my name. (In the meantime Captain Taggart, assistant adjutant-General, ascertained the operator's name, who had left an hour and a half previous to the capture of the station.) To which I replied promptly. The operator whose name I assumed had just arrived at the next office south of Station Numbers 7, and at once disclosed as to who I was. Knowing that I was discovered, and, at the suggestion of captain Taggart, sent a message to the commanding officer at Savannah giving the compliments of General Howard and staff, signing Captain S. L. Taggart's name; also, the compliments of General Howard to the mayor of Savannah, hoping to meet him soon, &amp;c. Having been informed by a citizen who had left Savannah this day that Bragg was expected there with 10,000 men, I asked if he had arrived; to which the rebel operator replied, "Yes, and will soon give you all the information you desire; " to which I replied, "We will be happy to see him and ascertain, as we did at Missionary Ridge.: Darkness approaching and camp being some distance off, the conversation ended.

Respectfully, yours,

JNO LONERGAN,

Operator.

