
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 183. Clifton Ferry, GA., December 2, 1864.

The following are the orders for this army to-morrow, the 3rd instant: First, Major-General Blair will continue his march along the railroad, which he will thoroughly destroy en route to Numbers 7, where he will encamp his command to-morrow night. Second, no general movement of the Fifteenth Corps will take place. Major-General Osterhaus, commanding, will send out his mounted infantry on both sides of the river toward Station Numbers 5, to reconnoiter and gather information, &amp;c., and secure any bridges or fords on the river between this point and that station. He will also send two brigades across the river at Clifton Ferry, which, with the brigade already over, will assist the Seventeenth Corps in destroying the railroad - one brigade to work from present break toward Millen, until met by the Seventeenth Corps; one to destroy toward Numbers 7, and the third to act as a reserve and guard. Division commanders will employ their pioneer corps in repairing and corduroying bad places in the main Savannah roads, as far in advance as practicable.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 188. Scull's Creek, GA., December 2, 1864.

I. As the command will remain at its present camp to-morrow division commanders will cause an inspection to be made of the arms, accouterments, and ammunition in the hands of the men; also, of the stock and transportation of the command. Regimental commanders will not permit more than thirty of their command to be mounted for foraging and other purpose, and men thus authorized to be mounted must be furnished with a written certificate, stating the nature of duty, regiment to which be belongs, &c.

II. Brigadier-General Woods, commanding First Division, will detail one brigade of infantry from his command, and will cause the same to cross the river at the pontoon bridge and assist in destroying the railroad, commencing at the present break and working toward Millen until it strikes the Seventeenth Army Corps. Brigadier-General Corse, commanding the Fourth Division, will detail one brigade of infantry to assist in destroying the railroad, commencing at the present break and working toward Millen until it strikes the Seventeenth Army Corps. Brigadier-General Corse, commanding the Fourth Division, will detail one brigade of infantry to assist in destroying the railroad, commencing at the present break and ending at Station Numbers 7; also one brigade to act as a reserve guard for the troops while working. The brigades to march at 6. 30 a. m. to-morrow.

* * * * *

By order of Major General P. Jos Osterhaus:

F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,
 In the Field, Scull's Creek, GA. December 2, Numbers 22. 1864.

In compliance with instructions received from corps headquarters, the First Brigade, Brigadier General E. W. Rice commanding, will assist to-morrow in destroying the railroad, commending at the present break

