
and ending at Station Numbers 7. Colonel R. N. Adams, commanding Second Brigade, will act as a reserve guard for the troops while working. The troops to march at 6. 30 a. m.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

L. CARPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Millen, GA., December 2, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

CAPTAIN: I send you a copy of another dispatch. The operator at Augusta called this office this afternoon before any dispatches were taken off, and said that he knew there was a Yankee operator on the line, and that he might as well let the cat out of the bag and acknowledge that he was there, and they would have a talk. Our operator has done nothing to excite his suspicions more than answering his call for a new office that has been put on the line to-day, and not far from here. Since this last dispatch was taken off they have been talking, as operators often do, about various subjects, our man assuming to be at the new station mention above. Among other things, the Augusta man said he never saw so many troops passing through the town as there were to-night. Upon being asked what troops they were, he said they were from Virginia. Our operator thinks now that they know what's up, and are trying to stuff him; and I think he is right in his opinion. They are very communicative, and answer anything that is asked. The chief operator at Augusta is the one working the line.

Very respectfully,

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Millen, December 2, 1864.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Corps:

GENERAL: The General-in-chief has made his camp on the west side of Buck Head Creek. He wishes you to camp a brigade near it and let the pontoon bridge remain until further orders.

I am, General, very respectful, &amp;c.

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, December 2, 1864.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Corps:

GENERAL: The General-in-chief does not expect you to move more tan five miles to-morrow, to the vicinity of Paramore's Hill; but wishes you to make the most complete and perfect possible break of the railroad about Millen. Let it be more devilish than can be dreamed of.

I am, General, very respectfully, yours,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

