HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Millen, GA., December 2, 1864.

Captain SAMUEL L. TAGGART,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: My command will be in camp at this place before dark. The road has been completely destroyed along my route. We were obliged to use the pontoons in crossing Buck Head Creek. There were a few of the enemy at the depot early this morning, but they did not oppose us. I forward copy of General Sherman's directions for my movement to-morrow. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 296. Millen, GA., December 2, 1864.

This command will move about five miles to-morrow. The main object will be to destroy the railroad. To effect this each division will detach a brigade to work on the road, as follows:

The brigade from Brigadier General M. D. Leggett's division will destroy from and including the railroad bridge to the end of the double track east of the depot. The depot will not be burned until all trains have passed it. The brigade from Major General J. A. Mower's division will destroy from the end of the double track two miles and a half east. The brigade from Brigadier General G. A. Smith's division will destroy two miles and a half, commencing at the east end of the work assigned to General Mower's brigade.

The work on the railroad will commence at 7 a. m. The destruction of the railroad must be complete; nothing must be left but old iron and the roadbed.

Brigadier General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will move his command at 8 a. m. on the road on the south side of the railroad.

Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will be prepared to move at 9 a. m., and will follow the Fourth Division.

Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will move at 10 a. m. on the road north of the railroad. Should the road taken by Major-General Mower intersect the road taken by the other two divisions, he will wait until they pass and follow the Third Division.

The pontoon train, Lieutenant-Colonel Rusk commanding, will follow the train of the Third Division.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, 17TH ARMY CORPS,

Near Millen, GA., December 2, 1864.

The troops of this command will march to-morrow at 10 a. m. Order of march: First, pioneer corps: second, Third Brigade; third, First Michigan Battery; + fourth, First Brigade; fifth, Second Brigade; sixth, ambulance corps; seventh, ordnance train; eighth, supply train.

* See next, ante.

+ Battery C, First Michigan Light Artillery.

