
The Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Sprague commanding, will destroy two miles and a half of railroad, commencing at the end of the double track east of the station house, at 7 a. m., and will work eastward. The road must be destroyed thoroughly; nothing must be left but the old iron and the roadbed.

By order of Major General J. A. Mower:

CHAS. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, GA., December 2, 1864.

Captain C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I struck the railroad at Station 9 at the beginning of dawn this morning, and worked thence to Buck Head Creek, destroying in each miles a section the length of the brigade, all trestles and culverts, burning the depot and tanks, a considerable amount of new ties and prepared lumber, and a flat-boat loaded with cord wood. In the section destroyed the ties and stringers were burned and the rails bent. A pile a rails near the road was extremely intersected with culverts and small trestles; some of them were banked up and the track partly excavated, in the hope that rising water might destroy it. I regret to say that the trestle nearest Buck Head Creek may not be thoroughly destroyed; it was reached at the close of the afternoon, and was thought at first to be needed for the crossing of troops. I never saw men work more honestly; they toiled zealously on the track ten hours, with one short respite for coffee.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. FORCE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 153. Millen, GA., December 2, 1864.

I. This command will move about five miles to-morrow. Brigadier General W. W. Belknap will move his brigade at 7 a. M., by any practicable route, to an intermediate point on the railroad between mile posts 76 and 77, and completely destroy the railroad from that point to mile post 74, so that nothing will be left but old iron and the roadbed. The First Brigade, battery, trains, &amp;c., of this division will move at 8 a. m. to-morrow on the road on the south side of the railroad. The train of the Third Brigade will follow the train of these headquarters. After having destroyed the road Brigadier General W. W. Belknap's brigade will go into camp near the First Brigade, in the vicinity of mile post 74.

II. Captain J. H. Davis, commanding pioneer corps, will issue to the contrabands belonging to his corps such articles of military clothing as are absolutely necessary for their comfort until other clothing can be procured.

By order of Brigadier General Giles A. Smith:

CHAS. H. BRUSH,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

