HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Millen, GA., December 2, 1864.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing, &amp;c.

GENERAL: The General-in-chief has made camp near the mouth of Buck Head Creek, and the troops are passing over into Millen. He wishes you to-morrow to make a good break of the railroad from Millen to Augusta, to the right and left of the points crossed by the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps, after which to move out and continue to march toward Savannah by two roads, leaving the one along the railroad for General Blair. The two roads indicated on our maps - the one passing near Millen and near Hunter's Mills, and the other sweeping around by Sharp's and Buck Creek Post-Office - will answer; but if one can be found leading from the upper road, through Sylvania, toward Halley's Ferry, on the Savannah River, it would answer our purpose better for your left corps. General Kilpatrick will be instructed to confer with you and cover your rear. Dress to the right on the Seventeenth Corps, whose progress you can rate by the smokes. General Blair will continue to burn the railroad as he marches as far as Ogeechee Church. The general wishes all the heads of columns to be on the road leading from Mill Ray to Halley's Ferry on the fourth day, including to-morrow. Communicate as often as possible with him, but failing to hear from him always act in concert with General Blair's column, which alone is expected to meet opposition. General Howard, with the Fifteenth Corps, will continue on the south bank of the Ogeechee, ready to turn any position of the enemy in case he offers opposition to our progress.

I am, General, very respectfully, &c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Hodges' House, December 2, 1864.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

Commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your note of yesterday to him. He desires you to cross Rocky Creek, and thence follow one of the roads indicated on the maps toward Reynolds' and between Rocky Creek and the railroad. He desires General Kilpatrick to take care of the bridge over Brier Creek (which he already reports destroyed), and does not wish you to venture so far with your infantry. He will move from this point (ten miles east of Louisville) with Morgan and the trains, and camp at Buck Head bridge to-night. We have met no opposition on this road, and can hear of none this side of Buck Head, where report places Wheeler. The general desires you to advance as far to-day in the general direction indicated as you can do with safety.

I have the honor to be, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

39 R R - VOL XLIV

