
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Buck Head Church, GA., December 2, 1864.

This corps will march to-morrow toward Sylvania, as follows First Division at 6. 30 a. m. ; Third Division at 7 a. m. ; Second Division at 10 a. m. The cavalry will start at 6 a. m. The advance will consist of two brigades of infantry, the Michigan Engineers, and a battery of artillery. The Michigan Engineers will march between the two advanced brigades. On arriving at the railroad, the column will halt, and the leading brigade and the engineers be set to work destroying it, halting for that purpose about two hours. The cavalry wagons for the march will be considered as a part of the train of the rear division, and will be taken care of by General Geary; for this purpose General Ward will detach one brigade to assist him. The pontoon train will precede the train of the First Division; and the train of Captain Schoeninger and the artillery ammunition train, with the wagons of the Michigan Engineers for the march, will be considered as part of the train of the leading division, marching in rear of it. General Jackson will give them all necessary care and assistance; one of his regiments will march in rear of them. The wagons of the cavalry will march in the extreme rear.

By command of Brigadier General A. A. Williams:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,

Buck Head Church, GA., December 2, 1864.

This division will march to-morrow (having the advance), at 6. 30 a. m., toward Sylvania, in the following order: First Brigade in advance and Third Brigade to follow, both to be unencumbered with wagons. The Michigan Engineers and a battery of artillery will march between these two brigades. The Second Brigade will be so disposed as to guard the pontoon train (which precedes the division train), the wagon train of the division, the corps supply train, the artillery ammunition train, and the wagons of the Michigan Engineers, one of the regiments being placed in rear of all these trains. On arriving at the railroad the column will halt and the leading brigade be set to work, with the Michigan Engineer, destroying the track, halting for that purpose two hours. Captain Hard will assign a sufficient number of the empty ambulances for the temporary use of each brigade to the brigade commanders, who will inform the chief quartermaster of the division what position they wish them to have in the train.

By command of Brigadier General N. J. Jackson:

GEO. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Three Miles and a Half East of Birdville, December 2, 1864 - 12 m.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Close up on rear of First (General Jackson's) Division. Have halted for dinner. Will start again at 1. 30 p. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. WARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

