HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Buck Head, GA., December 2, 1864.

Brigadier General W. T. WARD,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that you may encamp your command on the east side of Buck Head Creek to-night. and move early in the morning. If the trains of the First Division should not have pulled out on the road to-morrow morning, he wishes you to cross your train, and park it on this side until it is on the road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Millen, GA., December 2, 1864.

General J. KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The army will move on Savannah, delaying only to continue the destruction of the railroad from Millen as far as Ogeechee Church. General Howard will continue to move along the south bank of the Ogeechee, General Blair along the railroad, and General Slocum by the two roads lying north of the railroad, between it and the Savannah River. The general wishes you to confer with General Slocum, to make a strong feint up in the direction of Waynesborough, and then to cover his rear from molestation by dashes of cavalry. I send you copies of two letters from members of Wheeler's staff which will interest you. After reading, please return, for file in this office.

I am, General, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

CITY POINT, VA., December 3, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Armies, near Savannah, GA.:

The little information gleaned from the Southern press indicating no great obstacle to your progress, I have directed your mails, which had been previously collected in Baltimore by Colonel Markland, special agent of the Post-Office Department, to be sent as far as the blockading squadron off Savannah, to be forwarded to you as soon as heard from on the coast. Not liking to rejoice before the victory is assured I abstain from congratulating you and those under your command until bottom has been struck. I have never had a fear of the result. since you left Atlanta no very great progress has been made here. The enemy has been closely watched though, and prevented from detaching against you. I think not one man has gone from here except some 1,200 or 1,500 dismounted cavalry. Bragg has gone from Wilmington. I am trying to take advantage of his absence to get possession of that place. Owing to some preparations Admiral Porter and General Butler are making to blow up Fort Fisher, and which, while I hope for the best, do not believe a particle in, there is a delay in getting the expedition off. I hope they will be ready to start by the 7th, and that Bragg will not have started back by that time. In this letter I do not

