
hour to-morrow, and the bridge then be taken up. Third, his left column will move forward at 6. 30 a. m., on the upper Savannah (or River) road, to a point opposite Numbers 5 1/2 (or Cameron). Fourth, the train proper of these headquarters will follow the ammunition wagons of the leading division of the left column, and the supply train will move in advance of the supply train of such division. The cattle will continue to follow the column with which they have heretofore moved.

* * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 189. Scull's Creek, GA., December 3, 1864.

I. When the corps is marching against the enemy in two column and the major-General commanding is marching with the left column, the right column, composed of Second and Third Divisions, whenever circumstances demand the co-operation of the same, will be under the immediate command of Brigadier General W. B. Hazen, by virtue of seniority of rank.

II. The corps will continue its march to-morrow in the following order: First, the right column will march to Statesborough. The Second Division, Brigadier-General Hazen commanding, having the advance, will march from its present camp at 6. 30 a. m. The Third Division, Brigadier-General Smith command, will follow the Second Division, making its destination the same. The proximity of the enemy makes it necessary that the two divisions forming the right column encamp within supporting distance. Therefore, if Statesborough cannot be reached by the divisions forming that column, any camp west of that place affording a string defensive position will be chosen. Second, the left column will also leave its present camp at 6. 30 a. m. for Cameron, opposite 5 1/2, the First Division, Brigadier-General Woods commanding, having the advance, to be followed by the Fourth Division, Brigadier-General Corse commanding. Lieutenant-Colonel Tweeddale, commanding engineer troops, will cause the bridge at Clifton Crossing to be taken up at 6. 30 a. m., and will follow the left column with his train of the some. The brigade of Fourth Division now stationed at the bridge will escort the train until it rejoins the column, which, if arriving in time and circumstances will admit of it, the entire pontoon train, together with engineer troops, will fall in column and march in rear of First Division train, otherwise they will follow the train of Fourth Division. Division commanders will be very careful and encamp their commands with a view to defense, as the expected approach of a large force of the enemy renders a sudden attack very probable. The exposed wings should be very strong, and, if possible, rest on a natural point of security, such as creeks, swamps, &amp;c. The picket and outpost duties, which have been neglected for some time, must be enforced with the utmost strictness, and officers instructed with this very important service will act with all circumspection and attention demanded by the duties of the occasion.

* * * * *

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

