
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,
 In the Field, Scull's Creek, GA., December Numbers 23. 3, 1864.

IV. This command will move to-morrow, the 4th instant, at 6. 30 a. m. The pioneer corps will make, as near as practicable, a parallel road to the one used by the First Division. The Third Brigade will have the advance, followed by the battery; the Second Brigade will move in the center, on either side of the trains; the First Brigade will bring up the rear. Ambulances loaded with sick and wounded will hereafter, and until further orders, move in the rear of the brigade trains. The trains will move in the following order: First, the pioneer corps train; second, the Third Brigade train; third, the Second Brigade train; fourth, the First Brigade train; fifth, the ordnance train; sixth, the supply train.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

L. CARPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Ogeechee River, GA., December 3, 1864.

Captain LEO CARPER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN; To-day, as I was finished the work of destroying the railroad assigned tome, I received direct an order from General Howard directing me to withdraw my working parties across the river, also directing that the regiments then occupying the tete-de-pont which I constructed to cover the pontoon bridge should remain there during the night. This last order I gave to Colonel Adams, commanding Second Brigade, whose regiments were then occupying the works. After my brigade was encamped about three-quarters of a miles from the bridge, Colonel Adams withdrew his command from the tete-de-pont, thus leaving the bridge uncovered. My command worked hard yesterday, a portion of it until 11 o'clock at night, besides working hard to-day, or I would two regiments back without troubling you. Under the circumstances I think Colonel Adams should order two regiments back to the tete-de-pont.

E. W. RICE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 297. Station 7, GA., December 3, 1864.

I. Each division will detach a brigade to-morrow for the destruction of the railroad. The brigade from the Fourth Division will destroy from Station 7 three miles east. The brigade from the First Division will destroy from the end of the work assigned to the Fourth Division three miles east. The brigade from the Third Division will destroy from the end of the work assigned to the Fourth Division three miles east. The work will commence at 6 a. M., and will be complete.

The command will move as follows:

Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will move out his command on the Savannah road at 7 a. m.

