
Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will be prepared to move at 8 o'clock, and will follow the Third Division.

Brigadier General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will be prepared to move at 9 o'clock, and will follow the First Division.

The pontoon train, Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Ruck commanding, will follow the train of the Third Division.

The trains of the headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi and of these headquarters will follow the advance brigade.

II. Forage parties will be not permitted to move in advance of the column; they must keep on the flank of the command. Hereafter all stragglers and foragers found in advance of the column of infantry will be arrested and held for punishment. The pickets will be instructed not to permit foragers or stragglers to pass the lines before the column starts.

The commanding officers of the First Alabama Cavalry is instructed to arrest all stragglers moving with or in advance of his command, and report them to the corps provost-marshal.

Commanding officers of forage parties must keep their men together, and will only permit those men to separate from their commands who are left to guard or bring along forage.

This order must be strictly complied with, and violations of it will subject the offender to punishment.

* * * * *

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, 17TH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, GA., December 3, 1864.

The troops of this command will be prepared to march to-morrow morning at 8 a. m. Order of march: First, pioneer corps; second, First Brigade; third, battery; fourth, Second Brigade; fifth, ambulance train; sixth, ordnance train; seventh, supply train.

Colonel John Tillson, commanding Third Brigade, will move his command out to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock to a point on the railroad three miles east of Station Numbers 7, where he will commence the destruction of the railroad, and will break it for a distance of three miles east. After having thoroughly completed the work of destruction he will join the column by the most practicable route.

By order of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

CHAS. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 164. In the Field, GA., December 3, 1864.

I. This command will be in readiness to move at 9 a. m. Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding First Brigade, will have the advance. Artillery and trains will move as heretofore.

II. This command will move at 7 a. m. to-morrow. The Second Brigade, Colonel R. K. Scott commanding, will have the advance. Artillery and trains will move as heretofore.

