HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,Four Miles from Millen, on the Augusta Railroad, December 3, 1864 -10 a. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

General-in-Chief:

Your cipher dispatches of 3 p. m. and 12 midnight yesterday were received at Buck Head Church during last night. The Twentieth Corps and two divisions of the Fourteenth Corps camped last night near Buck Head Church. The Twentieth Corps marched at 6 a. m., and are moving on the old Savannah road, which passes just north of Hunter's Mills. The corps will probably encamp on Horse Creek to-night. The two divisions of the Fourteenth Corps that were camped with the Twentieth last night will march to-day on a road north of this, leading through Sylvania to Halley's Ferry. One division of the Fourteenth Corps and Kilpatrick's cavalry took the road from Louisville to Waynesborough, with instructions to strike across from where that road crosses Rocky Creek to Alexander, and move on the road to Jacksonborough; that is the only column that has met with any opposition from the enemy, and the opposition with them has been but slight. I shall entirely destroy four or five miles of the Augusta railroad. We have found forage and subsistence abundant, and the command is in fine condition and spirits.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Lumpkin's Station, GA., December 3, 1864.

Brigadier General W. P. CARLIN,

Commanding First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

General Morgan will take the advance in the morning, in charge of all the trains except your own, which will be moved with your own division in the rear. You will begin at 7 o'clock in the morning to tear up the railroad, and will keep your men at work until all the other troops and trains have passed, after which you will form your column and follow General Morgan.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Lumpkin's Station, GA., December 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General MORGAN:

GENERAL: Carlin's division will go into camp at this place, and be prepared to destroy the track early to-morrow morning. you can put your division and train in camp a mile or two back of this, and move out in the same order as to-day, at 6. 30 in the morning. Let Colonel Buell's command and my headquarters wagons come on to this place as soon as you let them pass. My headquarters will be here.

Very respectfully,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

