HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Lumpkin's Station, GA., December 3, 1864.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

Commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

The corps is going into camp at this point, and will move for Jacksonborough at an early hour to-morrow morning. Will reach that Alexander, and thence, via Sardis Church, toward Jacksonborough. You will direct Kilpatrick to protect your left flank and rear, and to destroy all the bridges on Brier Creek, beginning at the railroad crossing, if you think advisable.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Thomas' Station, GA., December 3, 1864.

Brevet Major-General DAVIS:

GENERAL: After a tedious march about the country to-day I reached this point about 4 p. m. On the way I encountered a small body of rebel cavalry, which I drove toward Waynesborough. The cavalry will not move one inch toward the enemy in advance of my column, and I have to go with it in order to accomplish what is necessary to be done. Kilpatrick will go into Waynesborough to-morrow morning, starting from here at 7 o'clock; but to induce him to do so I have promised to wait here till 8. 30 o'clock, so that if he finds Wheeler there I can go up and help to whip him. If he finds him there I can well spend a day or two in trying to trash him; if he does not find him I will move at the hour named, via Alexander, for Sardis, where I expect to be to-morrow night. I will communicate to General Kilpatrick your wishes with regard to the destruction of the railroad bridge; and it is my intention to reach Brier Creek myself from the vicinity of Alexander downward. If the cavalry understood itself to be completely under my orders I could work it to advantage; as it is we can get along well together, and I think do some good. I have thoroughly destroyed three miles of railroad to-night.

Most respectfully,

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Horse Creek, GA., December 3, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HUGHES,

Commanding Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry:

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that the order of march to-morrow will be the same as to-day. The column will start at 6 a. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copies to Lieutenant-Colonel Moore, commanding pontoon train, and Major Yates, commanding Michigan Engineers.)

