HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Horse Creek, GA., December 3, 1864.

Brigadier General N. J. JACKSON,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that you need not wait to-morrow morning for the Michigan Engineers to precede you, as they have been ordered to remain at the crossing of the creek until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,

Big Horse Creek, GA., December 3, 1864.

This division will march to-morrow (having the advance) at 6 a. m., in the following order: Second Brigade in advance, First Brigade to follow, both to be unencumbered with wagons. The Michigan Engineers, followed by four tool wagons and a battery of artillery, will have a place in the column between these two brigades. The Third Brigade will be so disposed as to guard the following trains, viz: The pontoon train, the division train, the corps supply train, the artillery ammunition train, and the wagons of the Michigan Engineers, with one regiment in rear of all these trains. The same arrangement of ambulances will be made as ordered for to-day. The leading brigade will be on the road with the head of column near the creek in our front promptly at 6 o'clock.

By command of Brigadier General N. J. Jackson:

GEO. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Big Horse Creek, GA., December 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General GEARY,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The First division is encamped at this point. The general commanding directs that you get as far forward with your troops and trains as practicable, and go into camp. There is no camping-ground near here except in the woods. In the absence of further orders the general directs that you resume the march at 6 a. m. to-morrow, under the same regulations as to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - Please report your location to-night.

(Same to Brigadier-General Ward.)

