
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 185. Wiley's Farm, GA., December 4, 1864.

The movement of this army to-morrow, the 5th instant, will be: First, the Seventeenth Corps, Major-General Blair commanding, will continue its march along the railroad, destroying the same as far as Ogeechee Church, and will then push as far forward toward Numbers 3 (or Guyton) as possible. Second, the Fifteenth Corps, Major-General Osterhaus commanding, will concentrate at the junction of the upper and lower Savannah roads, opposite Guyton (or Numbers 3), the left column moving at 6. 30 a. m. Third, the train proper of these headquarters will follow the ammunition wagons of the leading division of the left column, and the supply train will move in advance of the supply train of same division. The cattle will continue to move with the right column.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Opposite 5 1/2, December 4, 1864.

Captain S. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: The officers of my staff just returning from the right column reports that General Hazen had a skirmish with some rebel cavalry on entering Statesborough. It lasted about thirty minutes, when the rebs ran away in confusion, leaving some killed, wounded, and prisoners in our hands. General Hazen's loss will not exceed 4 or 5 wounded. The enemy's force is estimated at about 300 men.

Very respectfully,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General of Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 190. Wilson's Farm, GA., December 4, 1864.

The movements of the corps for to-morrow will be as follows: The right column (Second and Third Division) will leave its present camp at 6. 30 a. m., and march to the junction of the upper and lower Savannah roads, opposite Guyton (Numbers 3.), near Branhan's Store, the Third Division, Brigadier-General Smith commanding, having the advance, if closed up on General Hazen's division. Should General Smith's command, however, not be close on to General Hazen's division the latter will continue in advance. The left column (First and Fourth Divisions) will leave its present camp at 6. 30 a. m. and also move to the junction mentioned above, the Fourth Division, Brigadier-General Corse, in advance. Brigadier-General Woods, commanding First Division, if practicable, will move his command parallel with General Corse's command; if impracticable, in rear of Lieutenant-Colonel Tweeddale's command and pontoon train, which will follow the Fourth Division. The trains of department and corps headquarters will follow the ammunition wagons of the leading division (the Fourth), and in advance of the supply train of same division.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

