
II. Captain John Berry, Thirty-second Illinois Volunteers, commanding provost guard, is hereby relieve from duty at these headquarters, and will at once report with his command to his division commander. III. This command will move forward about ten miles to-morrow, as follows:

1. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First, Division, will have the advance, and will move forward on the Savannah road at 8 a. m.

2. Brigadier General Giles A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will be prepared to move at 9 a. m., and will follow the First Division.

3. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will be prepared to move at 10 o'clock, and will follow the Fourth Division.

4. The pontoon train, Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Ruck commanding, will follow the advance brigade of the First Division.

5. The trains of the headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi these headquarters will move as heretofore.

6. Each division will detach a brigade to destroy two miles of railroad - the Third Division commencing at a point opposite their camp and working east, the Fourteenth Division destroying the next two miles east, the First Division the next two miles east of the Fourth Division.

IV. Lieutenant Colonel D. T. Kirby, picket officer Seventeenth Army Corps, will proceed, at 8. 30 o'clock to-morrow morning, with the First Alabama Cavalry on the left flank of the corps, covering it. On reaching the Little Ogeechee River he will cross it at some bridge or ford above the main road. If on crossing the river the enemy are retreating he will attack them whenever practicable, according to the instructions already received by him.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,]

In the Field, GA., December 4, 1864.

Captain C. CADLE, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventeenth Army Corps:

My headquarters are on the right of the road going east, near Major-General Sherman's headquarters.

Respectfully,

JOS. A. MOWER,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, 17TH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, GA., December 4, 1864.

The troops of this command will march to-morrow at 8 a. m. Order of march: First, pioneer corps; second, second Brigade; third, battery; fourth, pontoon train; fifth, headquarters train Military Division of the Mississippi and headquarters Seventeenth Army Corps; sixth, Third Brigade; seventeenth, ambulance train; eighth, ordnance train; ninth, supply train.

By order of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

CHAS. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

