HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Numbers 5 1/2, GA., December 4, 1864.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 10 a. M. was received as the General's answer at 3. 15 p. M. will show. Since it was written a reconnoitering party sent to Numbers 4 1/2 has reported the enemy was found there in force from 2,000 to 5,000. The General-in-chief wishes you to swing around on the enemy's rear, if possible, but keeping in communication with General Davis, and see he gets in no trouble. General Howard also, with the Fifteenth Corps, moves down the Ogeechee, and will turn the enemy where he now opposes us. Please make an answer by my couriers, who will return here, giving any information you may have; or of nothing worth note drop a line that we may know all is well.

I am, General, very respectfully,

&amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-De-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,December 4, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN,

Commanding Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you move to-morrow morning at 6. 30 a. m., and make as much distance as you thinks can be accomplished by the trains. The order of march will be the same as to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Thomas' Station, December 4, 1864.

Brevet Major-General DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

GENERAL: Last night about 11. 30 o'clock the enemy opened with artillery on the regiment picketing the extremity of my line, on the railroad, toward Waynesborough, about one miles and a half from here. The shots seemed to come from Napoleon guns; afterward he seemed to be intrenching during the night. Kilpatrick thinks that the fight of the campaign will take place here to-day. I do not see it in that light, but will support him; and as I have only forty rounds of ammunition it might be well for you to keep a lookout, and in case you hear firing to any extent have more ready to send me, and, perhaps, also a division to move in this direction. I will communicate with you during the day.

Respectfully,

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General.

40 R R - VOL XLIV

