HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Lumpkin's Station, GA., December 4, 1864.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

Commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

Your notes is received. The firing last night was heard by us, and supposed to be what you report it. A demonstration in the direction of Waynesborough will keep the enemy in the belief that we are advancing on Augusta; do not delay, however, long, as the troops on our right are ahead of us and are pushing. The Twentieth Corps reached Horse Creek last night. Morgan is now on the march across the railroad; he has all the trains in charge. Carlin is destroying the road, and will be on it until 10 or 11 o'clock.

Yours, truly,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Two Miles and a Half from Ogeechee River, December 4, 1864 - 11 a. m.

Brigadier General A. S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Twentieth Corps:

GENERAL: I halted the cavalry here until the infantry comes up, when I shall push for the bridge; the citizens report it unharmed. I think another hour's march will bring us to and across the river. Shall, therefore, not halt for dinner, unless ordered to do so; please send instructions by bearer. The cannonading on our left, or north of us, ceased about an hour ago, only occasional shots being heard. I heard about forty or fifty shots, and the cavalry reports that they heard it since daylight. Shall report as soon as my scouts return from the bridge.

Respectfully,

CHAS. W. ASMUSSEN,

Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Little Ogeechee Creek, GA., December 4, 1864 - 6. 30 p. m.

Brigadier-General GEARY,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that he has encamped at this place. The march to-morrow will be but six miles from this point, and you may exercise your discretion whether you get up here to-night or encamp farther back. In case you do not get up he directs that you resume the march to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

