
if possible, the bridge eight miles below this place. He will to-night send forward parties to break the railroad in two or three different places. The landing near here will be prepared and a small guard retained on either bank of the Ogeechee River during to-morrow.

By order of Major General O. O. HOWARD,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Opposite Numbers 3, GA., December 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General WOODS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: You will please order one of your brigades, equipped in the lightest marching order but with plenty of ammunition, to report at these headquarters at 5 a. m. to-morrow. They are destined to support the Twenty-ninth Missouri Mounted Infantry on an expedition to take Wright's Bridge or crossing, eight miles below here. A section of artillery would de desirable; also a good detail of pioneers.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 250. In the field, GA., December 5, 1864.

I. Brigade commanders will at once have the troops of their commands supplied with three days' rations in haversacks and forty rounds of ammunition in cartridge-boxes. This division will be in readiness to move at 7 a. m. to-morrow, or at an earlier hour if called on, toward the river crossing.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General C. R. Woods:

FRED. H. WILSON,

Acting assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Opposite Numbers 3, December 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General HAZEN,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The slow progress of the Left Wing of the army will necessarily detain the corps at this place for a day. It is desirable, however, that your column should move toward the Savannah road in the vicinity of these headquarters. There is a road leading from this place to your camp which can easily be repaired. I am authorized by Major-General Howard to make an attempt to get possession of Wright's Bridge, about eight miles below this place, which is supposed to be guarded by the rebels. To assist this movement you will please push one brigade of your command, or more if you deem it necessary, forward to Eden (Numbers 2), in order to make the cavalry in your front be-

