
lieve that we intent to force the bridge there. Only a demonstration is intended, but if the Eden bridge can be brought under the control of our guns it would be a great success. I intend to start from here with another column by 4 a. m., and you will make your arrangements accordingly. Delay the march of your main column and trains to this place until you know the result of the expedition to Eden. If successful your main column may move directly to that station, and probably be the first to enter Savannah. The troops designated for the expedition should move as light as possible.

I am, General, very respectfully,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 245. Statesborough, GA., December 5, 1864.

I. This command will move promptly at 6. 30 a. m. this day. The order of march will be the same as on the 2nd instant, except that one regiment instead of two will march in rear of trains as rear guard.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. BUDLONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Ogeechee Church, GA., December 5, 1864.

Captain S. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: My command is encamped at this point. I would have moved to the point designated in your orders, but General Sherman ordered me to remain at this place, he not knowing how far the other column on the left had advanced. The enemy, numbering about 5,000 infantry, left here early this a. m., except a few cavalry, with whom I had some skirmishing. I have not yet received orders from General Sherman as to my movements to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 300. Station 4 1/2, GA., December 5, 1864.

V. The movement to-morrow will be as follows:

1. Brigadier General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will have the advance, and will move forward at 7 a. m.

2. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will be prepared to move at 8 o'clock, and will follows the Fourth Division.

