
3. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will be prepared to move at 9 o'clock, and will follow the Third Division.

4. The First Michigan Engineer Regiment and train will move in advance of the supply train of the Fourth Division.

5. The pontoon train and guard, Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Rusk commanding, will follow the train of the Third Division.

6. The trains of Military Division headquarters and of these headquarters will move as heretofore.

7. Brigadier General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will detach from his command one regiment to move on the railroad, keeping abreast of the corps, with orders to destroy bridges and culverts, without tearing up the track.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Station 4 1/2, GA., December 5, 1864.

Brigadier General M. D. LEGGETT,

Commanding Third Division, Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-General commanding directs me to inform you that probably there will be no movement to-morrow.

I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CADLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,On River, near Hunter's Mills, December 5, 1864 - 1 a. m.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

Your dispatch of last evening is received. The one you allude to, written at 3. 15 p. m., has not come to hand yet. Soon after my dispatch of 10 a. m. yesterday the enemy cut a mill-dam on Little Horse Creek, flooring the road to such an extent as to entirely stop that portion of the column on the other side. Being in the advance I did not hear of this until I had nearly reached this point. All of Geary's and part of Ward's division is still back of Little Horse Creek (ten miles from here), unable to cross. I cannot move from here until they close up, which will probably be nearly night. I have learned that the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry passed from Sylvania to Numbers 5, about 10 a. m. yesterday, and it is reported that a regiment of a militia had gone in the same direction. I have not heard from Davis, but think he is some distance in rear. I think the two orderlies I sent to you at 10 a. M. yesterday must have been captured, as there have been small squads of cavalry between this column and the Seventeenth Corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.

