HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,Near Hunter's Mills, December 5, 1864 - 9 a. M.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

I have the honor to inform you that the General's note of 3,15 p. m. yesterday, which I supposed was captured, has just come to hand. I have sent a staff officer, with what cavalry I have got, to open communication with General Davis and General Kilpatrick, and hope to hear from them during the day. This column is moving to-day, and the advance will probably encamp at the intersection of the road from Poor Robin to Ogeechee Church.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Little Ogeechee, Numbers 4 1/2, December 5, 1864.

Major-General SLOCUM, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Blair is now crossing Ogeechee (Little) at Numbers 4 1/2. It is no longer necessary to demonstrate on its flank, but look to collecting your entire command, including General Kilpatrick's, and getting it on the road heretofore described, which runs from Ogeechee Church to Halley's Ferry. Report at the earliest practicable moment the time you will be able to move from that road to Savannah. It may be our interest to push matters, until, at all events, we get on the Charleston road. your note of 9 this a. m. is received, and do not know whether the rear of the Twentieth Corps is closed up, and also until you hear from General Davis. The two couriers who brought your dispatch of 10 a. m. 4th played possum, and instead of going back with answer at 3. 15 p. m., as ordered, out away their horses, kept out of my sight, and sloped off this morning after daylight. They should certainly be punished.

I am, General, yours, &c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Numbers 4 1/2, Central Railroad, December 5, 1864.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding Left wing:

GENERAL: General Blair's troops secured this place early to-day, with a very little skirmishing, the movement of General Howard having had the desired effect. Field-works of a poor character were found. The General-in-chief is desirous of hearing from you, giving the position, of your command and intelligence from General Kilpatrick, if any. He also wishes to know when you will be up on and prepared to move beyond the Halley's Ferry road. General Howard is to-night opposite Numbers 3. Both of these columns will remain as now until your command is up and ready to advance. There is no general news. Yours of 9 a. m. to-day is the last received.

Yours, respectfully,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

