
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 27. Lawton's House, GA., December 5, 1864.

General Morgan, with the advance and in charge of the trains of his own and the trains of the First Division, reserve artillery, and corps ammunition trains, will move at 6. 30 a. m., on the main river road, toward Savannah, and will camp to-morrow night as far in advance as the roads will permit. General Carlin will march (with Colonel Buell's command in advance of him) upon the road taken by General Morgan, stating at 6. 30 a. m. and making as much distance as possible. General Baird will commence crossing Beaver Dam Creek at 8 a. m., and will march in such order as to effectually cover in the rear the two divisions in advance, with their trains. General Kilpatrick will cross Beaver Dam Creek in rear of General Baird, after which he will destroy the bridge. He will then march in the rear of the column, disposing his forces in such manner as to secure its rear and right flank from any sudden dashes of cavalry. Until further orders the column will move daily in this orders, each command starting at 6. 30 a. m. and endeavoring to march at least fifteen miles per day.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Little Ogeechee Creek, GA., December 5, 1864.

This corps will march to-morrow, toward Springfield, as follows: Third Division at 6 a. m. ; Second Division at 8 a. m. ; First Division at 9 a. m. The cavalry will start at 5. 30 a. M. The pontoon train will precede the wagon train of the leading division, and will start from their camp at 5 a. m. The wagon train of General Kilpatrick's cavalry division will be subdivided, under the superintendence of Captain H. M. Whittlesey, acting chief quartermaster Twentieth Corps, into three sections, each section hereafter to march with and constitute part of the train of each division, and will be taken care of by the division commander and treated as a brigade train. All other trains and the artillery will occupy the same position in the column as heretofore ordered.

The order heretofore issued in reference to burning buildings, &amp;c., is hereby reiterated, and commanders of divisions will be held responsible that it is obeyed. Great care must be taken that the grass and woods are not fired by the troops, as such fires occasion great delay, especially to the ammunition train. The advanced guard is hereby authorized and directed to arrest all soldiers found straggling to the front, and to seize all animals and stores they may have in their possession, and turn them over to the provost-marshal of the corps for confiscation. It is distinctly understood that no officer is authorized to give permits or passes to foraging parties to go in advance of the head of the column. All foraging must hereafter be done by the parties regularly authorized by the brigade commanders, and these parties must be kept well together. All foraging by individuals is especially prohibited. Officers who desire to send out their servants to forage for their messes must send them with the party regularly detailed from the brigade. Foraging parties hereafter will not be less than 100 men.

By command of Brigadier General A. S. Williams:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

