
ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Little Ogeechee Creek, GA., December 5, 1864.

This division will more to-morrow toward Springfield, at 9 a. m. (having the rear), in the following order: First, Brigade in advance, two regiments to be unencumbered with wagons, and two regiments to guard fifty of the leading wagons; Second Brigade to follow, to be so disposed as to guard the remainder of the division train, including a portion of the cavalry train; the Third Brigade to be rear guard, to be preceded by a battery, and to be unencumbered with wagons.

By command of Brigadier General N. J. Jackson:

GEO. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,December 5, 1864.

Colonel DUSTIN,

Commanding Second Brigade, Third Division;

COLONEL: Pursuant to orders from corps headquarters, the general commanding division directs that you move forward with your entire brigade and report to General Ward, commanding your division.

I am, Colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. FORBES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Alexander, GA., December 5, 1864.

Captain DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp to the General-in-Chief:

I have the pleasure of reporting that I attacked Wheeler yesterday morning in position behind long lines of barricades, one mile and a half from Thomas' Station and three and a half from Waynesborough, on the railroad. Wheeler had five pieces of artillery, and, as far as can be ascertained from prisoners, about 6,000 men. I drove in his pickets and skirmish line at 7. 30 a. m., and rode over his barricades in less than thirty minutes. He left 23 dead and 41 wounded on the field. I then drove him from one position to another, till he made a final stand in and about the town of Waynesborough. Here his line were too long to be flanked, so we boldly charged and broke his center. He fought stubbornly for a time, but finally gave way before our flashing sabers, and in twenty minutes was retreating in great confusion through the woods, fields, and on every available road leading toward Augusta. I continued the pursuit upward of four miles; rushed him across and beyond Brier Creek. It was now 3 p. m., and being so far from the main army I deemed it best to halt. After burning various bridges on Brier Creek above and below the railroad bridge, including the latter, which I found had been imperfectly burned before, and, in fact, had been nearly repaired, I retired to Alexander and went into camp. The railroad bridge destroyed is certainly a very important one, reported by Colonel Heath, Fifth Ohio Cavalry, to be upward of 500 feet long. I have to thank General Baird for kindly tendering me a brigade of infantry to support my attack. The infantry, however, was

