
not engaged. My loss has been quite severe, particularly in horses, having lost upward of 200 in killed and wounded. As I am now marching in the rear of the army it is impossible to supply myself with fresh animals. I most respectfully suggest that captured horses now with the different army corps, and not needed by them, be sent to me, or left at some convenient point along my line of march. The enemy's loss is not known; certainly could not be less than 500 killed and wounded, judging from his dead left upon the field, a large percentage being officers. My command is somewhat jaded, but I will make every effort to bring it up. All I need is some few hundred horses to supply the place of those broken down. These I could supply myself, were I marching upon the flank or in front. It is impossible, however, to find a single horse or mule in rear of the infantry; and would again most respectfully urge that a few hundred horses be turned over to me from one or more of the army corps marching on roads parallel or near to my line of march.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Waynesborough, December 5, 1864.

General J. KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: Your letter of yesterday was received to-day. I assure you Captain Norton has and will received every attention which can be bestowed upon a wounded soldier. I am pleased to inform you that he was doing well and out of pain at last accounts. Since the commencement of this sad war I have used untiring exertions to maintain in my soldiers principles of chivalry and true soldierly honor. They have been taught to despise and spurn the cowardly instincts which induce low men to frighten, abuse, and rob defenseless women and children. You allude to old associations, and promise to return any kindness to Captain Norton. I have only to ask, for the sake of these old associations, for your own sake, and for the sake of the institution where military honor was taught, that you will offer some protection to the families necessarily left defenseless, and not to leave them at the mercy of a brutal soldierly. By so doing, not only will other advantages be gained, but your name will stand before the world in a much more enviable light. It is useless for me to recount the atrocities committed; suffice it to say, that the history of no war, however barbarous, can tell of atrocities equal to those daily and hourly committed by your command.

Respectfully, General, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

HILTON HEAD, S. C., December 5, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: The telegraph operator here has just received a dispatch from Port Royal Ferry, stating that a rebel officer who has deserted brings information that General Sherman is within sight of Savannah,

