
CONFIDENTIAL.] QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., December 6, 1864.

Colonel HERMAN BIGGS,

Quartermaster, Philadelphia:

COLONEL: You will send to Port Royal, to Major C. W. Thomas, the following quartermaster's stores (probably they can be taken on board one of the light-draught steamers built by Messrs. Cramp &amp; Sons, which I suppose to be ready to sail): 50 extra king bolts; 500 linch pins; 200 wagon tongues; 400 extra whippletrees; 50 double trees, ironed ready for use; 100 coupling poles; 200 front hounds for wagons; 100 hind hounds for wagons; 200 mule hames; ironed ready for use; 200 mules collars; 500 wagon bows; 100 wagon whips; 1,000 open links, for repairing trace chains, 500 open rings; 100 water buckets.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

In the Field, Ogeechee Church, GA., December 6, 1864.

I. Each army corps commander will, on the receipt of this order, collect from his command 100 horses, the best adapted to cavalry uses, together with a sufficient number of mounted negroes to lead them, and dispatch them to General Slocum's headquarters, for delivery to the cavalry command of General Kilpatrick. General Slocum's command is at this moment near the intersection of the road running through Statesborough and Armenia to Halley's Ferry, on the Savannah River, about six miles north of Ogeechee Church, and will march by the middle road toward Springfield.

II. The officer charged with these horses will be instructed to deliver them to any officer whom General Kilpatrick may appoint to receive them.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Lane's Farm, GA., December 6, 1864,.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

Two divisions of the Fifteenth Corps (First and Fourth) are nearly opposite Station Numbers 3, and the other two divisions are about four or five miles distant and abreast of us, on the direct road from Statesborough to Eden Station. Reconnaissances are being made to-day toward Wright's Bridge and the bridge to Eden Station, and both of them will be secured, if possible. Preparations were being made last night to cross the river near Station Numbers 3, but when I learned that they, the enemy, had left Ogeechee Church, I did not deem it necessary to lay the pontoon bridge. I shall be ready to move forward with this command when General Blair leaves Ogeechee Church. I agree with you that Eden Station is the point to be made now, and it may be

