
necessary to cross still lower down, as I learn the enemy intends to make a stand at that place. Lieutenant Harvey, who was sent over last night with a select party to strike the Gulf railroad, found the bridges across the Cannouchee all burned and the approaches strongly guarded by rebel cavalry, and was compelled to return without accomplishing his object. Another party has been sent out to strike for a point still higher up, but I am fearful that they will find all the approaches well guarded, and that they will not succeed in crossing the river. As soon as I reach Eden Station, I will make a strong demonstration of infantry toward the Cannouchee, sufficient to enable me to cross a party and strike the road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Ogeechee Church, December 6, 1864 - 4. 35 p. m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of to-day is just received. Reports from General Slocum and General Kilpatrick have also been received. The former will camp to-night on Turkey Creek, in advance of this column, with his command well closed up. The latter attacked Wheeler near Thomas' Station, and drove him through Waynesborough and across Brier Creek in confusion, killing and wounded a number and capturing 100 of his men; he also burned all the bridges on Brier Creek, including (for good) the railroad bridge. To-morrow the entire army will move, General Slocum's left reaching Ebenezer; himself, Springfield; and the Seventeenth Corps, Guyton. The General-in-chief desires you, in conjunction, to reach Eden, opposite Numbers 2, and while General Blair threatens Numbers 2 by moving on Numbers 3 (Guyton), to effect a crossing at or below Numbers 2.

I am, General, yours, with regard,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 187. Lane's Farm, GA., December 6, 1864.

* * * * *

II. The following movements will be made by this army to-morrow the 7th instant; First-Major Osterhaus, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will move forward his command, leaving one division to make a demonstration at Wright's Bridge, concentrating the balance opposite Eden (Numbers 2), from which place he will push one division at least two or three miles below, and thence make a demonstration with one brigade on the Cannouchee River, crossing a party at some point to strike and break the Savannah and Gulf Railroad. He will push his pontoon trains well in advance. Second, Major-General Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, will move his command toward Eden (Numbers 2), as heretofore ordered, opposite which point the Fifteenth Corps

