
will await his arrival. Third, the cattle, in charge of Captain Roots and Lieutenant Todd, will follow the Fifteenth Corps toward Eden Station. These headquarters will be at or near Wright's Bridge to-night.

III. After crossing the river mounted foragers from the infantry will not be allowed; the foraging must be done on foot. The horses and mules used by unauthorized persons will be taken up at the bridge and turned in to the quartermaster's department. They will be collected by the division quartermaster, who will consult with the chief quartermaster of the army as to their further disposition.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard;

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 191. Opposite Numbers 3, GA., December 6, 1864.

I. Division commanders will proceed at once to collect all milk cows in vicinity of their respective commands, and will retain possession of the same until the army arrives at its destination, when they will be turned over to the medical department for the benefit of the sick and wounded.

II. The following are the orders for the movements of the corps to-morrow, the 7th instant: The right column (Second and Third Divisions) will march from its present camp at daybreak, on the direct road toward railroad station Numbers 2 (Eden), the Second Division, Brigadier-General Hazen commanding, having the advance. On arriving opposite the said station this division will be pushed forward in a southern direction, taking a position near or at Black Creek, and there General Hazen will order one brigade to make a demonstration on the Cannouchee River. A select party from this brigade will cross the river at a convenient point and attempt to cut the Savannah and Gulf Railroad. Some very reliable and energetic officer should have charge of this party, as the success of the enterprise will have great bearing on our future movements. If the brigade sent to-day by General Hazen to demonstrate against Eden encamped in the vicinity of that railroad station, it would be expedient to push to the Cannouchee River in the morning. Brigadier-General Smith, commanding Third Division, will mass his command and corral his teams opposite Numbers 2. The Fourth Division, Brigadier-General Corse commanding, will march from its present camp, at 7 a. m., to the Eden Crossing also, where it will encamp. The First Division, Brigadier-General Woods commanding, will, until further orders, remain at Wright's Bridge. The bridge train must be started to Eden in advance of the Fourth Division, for which Lieutenant-Colonel Fort, chief quartermaster, will make due preparations, and will have the same on the road by 5 a. m. to-morrow. Corps headquarters will accompany the Fourth Division and will be established at Eden to-morrow.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

