SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 246. In the Field, GA., December 6, 1864.

I. This command will move at 8 a. m. to-morrow, the 7th instant, in the following order: First, Battery B, First Michigan Artillery, followed by the wagons and ambulances of the battery; second, ambulances of First Brigade (one for each regiment)and pioneer corps (one); third, ammunition train; fourth, division headquarters train; fifth, First Brigade train, including regimental wagons; sixth, Second Brigade train; seventh, quartermaster's train; eighth, commissary of subsistence train; ninth, ambulances corps, except ambulances assigned to regiment and detachments; tenth, regimental wagons Second Brigade.

The infantry will march, the First Brigade in advance, upon the right flank of the artillery and trains, expect two regiments of Second Brigade, which will march in rear of the trains as rear guard.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. BUDLONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,
 In the Field, Ogeechee River, GA., December Numbers 25. 6, 1864.

I. Paragraph I, Special Field Orders, Numbers 8, from these headquarters, of date November 18, 1864, is thereby revoked.

II. This command will move to-morrow, the 7th instant, at 6. 30 a. m., to the Eden Crossing. The First Brigade will have the advance, followed by the battery; the Third Brigade will move in the center, on either side of the trains; the Second Brigade will bring up the rear; the pioneer corps will move in rear of the advance guard, and repair roads and construct bridges whenever necessary. The trains will move as follows: First, pioneer corps train; second, First Brigade train; third, Third Brigade train; fourth, Second Brigade train; fifth, ambulance trains; sixth, ordnance trains; seventh, supply train.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

L. CARPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, Ogeechee River, GA., December 6, 1864.

The attention of brigade commanders is again directed to the looseness of discipline in the command and the want of interest manifested by regimental and company officers in the proper control of their men. The indiscriminate firing that has so disgraced the division is owing, in an eminent degree, to the fact that officers do not hold to a prompt responsibility their next in rank. While the general commanding is desirous of assisting his subalterns in every way practicable by his power and rank, he declines peremptorily interfering with their legitimate duties, and will not punish their men for violation of orders, but hold the officers themselves to a strict responsibility that the men are properly punished. Brigade commanders will at once acquaint the regimental officers that they must require their company officers to keep their men in camp, and not allow them to remove their arms from

41 R R - VOL XLIV

