
the stacks without proper authority after once being placed there. Brigade commanders must further stimulate their subalterns to use every endeavor to maintain an esprit de corps, and in various ways strive to restore discipline and order to their respective commands.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

L. CARPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Lane's Farm, GA., December 6, 1864.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-General commanding to say to you that two divisions of Fifteenth Corps (First and Fourth) are nearly opposite Station Numbers 3, and the other two are about four or five miles distant and abreast of us, on the direct road from Statesborough to Eden Station. Preparations were being made last night to cross the river above Station Numbers 3, but when the general learned that the enemy had left your front at Ogeechee Church, and fallen back, he did not deem it necessary to lay the pontoon bridge. He, however, caused the road leading to the ferry, on this side, to be repaired by the pioneers, so that he could lay the bridge and cross a force quickly to assist you in case it was needed. A small force thrown over the river, by means of row-boats, to guard the crossing, and will remain there to-day. Reconnaissances are being made to-day toward Wright's Bridge and the bridge at Eden Station, and both of them will be secured if possible. The general is confident that Numbers 2 is the point to be made now, as he leans the enemy propose to make a stand there, and it may be necessary to cross the river still lower down, in order to turn the position. Lieutenant Harvey was sent last night, with a select party, to strike the Gulf road, but he was compelled to return without accomplishing anything. He found the bridges across the Cannouchee burned, and the approaches strongly guarded by rebel cavalry. Another party has been sent to strike for a point higher up, but the general thinks it barely possible that they will be successful. As soon as this command reaches Eden Station, the general intends to make a strong demonstration of infantry toward the Cannouchee, sufficient to enable him to cross a party and reach the road. The general desires that you will notify him when you move from Ogeechee Church.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM E. STRONG,

Assistant Inspector-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Ogeechee Church, GA., December 6, 1864.

Major-General BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Corps:

GENERAL: The army being now in position ready for farther movements, the General-in-chief directs that you move your command to-morrow morning, on the Savannah road, via Guyton, and leaving Eden

