
Guyton, and if General Davis' head of column reaches Ebenezer, and can lay a bridge over that creek, it will answer. He wishes you not to pass Springfield, but from there to communicate with him at Guyton; but in the absence of orders, the movement for the day following should be such as to place General Davis at or in advance of Saint Augustine Creek, and the column you are with at or near Monteith. General Blair will be at Eden (Numbers 2), and Howard will cross the river.

I am, General, yours, respectfully,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

THREE MILES FROM ROAD LEADING FROM OGEECHEE CHURCH TO HALLEY'S,

December 6, 1864.

[General J. C. DAVIS:]

GENERAL: The Fifteenth Corps is on the west side of the Ogeechee at Numbers 3. The Seventeenth is on this side at Numbers 4 1/2. The Twentieth Corps will encamp to-night on Turkey Creek, and to-morrow at Springfield. Your corps must follow the road you are now on, and reach the Charleston and Savannah Railroad, at Saint Augustine Creek, as soon as practicable. Fill your wagons with corn if possible. Communicate with me as often as once a day if you can, as General Sherman makes very frequent inquiry.

Yours, &amp;c.,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Turkey Creek, GA., December 6, 1864.

This corps will continue the march to-morrow in the same order as to-day, each division starting at 7. 30 a. m. Generals Geary and Jackson will start all their pioneers, at daybreak, to repair the road they are to pass over. The pioneer battalion of the corps, with all the pioneers of the Third Division and the pioneer detail of the Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteers, will start at daybreak, escorted by the cavalry of Colonel Hughes, and repair the roads toward Springfield. Division commanders will afford all assistance that may be needed by the pioneers. All bad places in the road must be corduroyed, it is ascertained that no other method of repairing them is durable enough to pass the whole train over. It is desired that the whole corps reach Springfield to-morrow. The tool wagons of the center and rear divisions will move at the head of the division trains, and those of the leading division in advance of the pontoon train.

By command of Brigadier General A. S. Williams;

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Turkey Creek, GA., December 6, 1864.

Brigadier General N. J. JACKSON,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding wishes you to get the head of your column up as far as possible to-day, and at break halt and encamp

