
whenever you may be. He wishes you to advise him at once upon encamping where you are. In the absence of further orders he wishes you to move early in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,

Smoke's House, GA., December 6, 1864.

This division will move to-morrow at 6 a. m. (being in the rear), in the following order: Second Brigade in advance, to be unencumbered with wagons, except one regiment, which will guard thirty of the leading wagons, except one regiment, which will guard thirty of the leading wagons; Third Brigade next, to guard the remainder of the trains, including cavalry train; the First Brigade in rear, to be preceded by a battery of artillery, and to be unencumbered with wagons.

By command of Brigadier General N. J. Jackson:

GEO. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Turkey Creek, GA., December 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General GEARY,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: I am directed to inform you that the Third Division has encamped on the east side of Turkey Creek, as laid down on the map. The general commanding wishes your division to encamp at the cross-roads about one miles west of this place if possible. In the absence of further orders you command will move early to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Numbers 4 1/2, Ogeechee Church, December 6, 1864.

General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your report of December 5 has been received, and gives the General-in-chief great satisfaction. He begs you to convey to your command his thanks for their gallant and valuable services in driving the enemy in confusion from beyond Brier Creek, and in destroying those bridges, so useful to the enemy. At your suggestion, he has ordered each army corps commander to select from his command 100 cavalry horses, with a sufficient number of negroes to lead them, and to conduct them for your use to General Slocum's column, which is now on the middle Savannah road, where it crossed the Statesborough and Halley's Ferry road. A copy of that order is inclosed,* and you can

* See p. 638.

