
adopt your own course to secure them. You may always rely upon the general for cavalry horses, as, in order to keep you will mounted, he will dismounted every person connected with the infantry not necessary for its efficient service, and take team horses, even if the wagons and contents have to be burned. On this flank matters have moved smoothly, and as we are a good distance in advance are lying by for General Davis and yourself to get up abreast. General Howard is now near Branhan's Store, west of the Ogeechee, abreast of Springfield. General Blair is here at Ogeechee Church, where McLaws with about 5,000 men had prepared quite an extensive line of intrenchments, but Howard's movement outflanked him, and he quit without a fight, and is now supposed to be at Eden (Numbers 2). General Slocum is about six miles north of Ogeechee Church, waiting for General Davis to get up breast on the Halley's Ferry road. As soon as all are up we will move on Savannah by the four main roads from Branhan's Store, Ogeechee Church, Springfield, and the Savannah River road. As Wheeler is disposed of you might, for the sake of forage, divide your command, coming together, say, about Monteith. We find a great deal of forage, but presume our infantry trains consume it all; still, they do not seem to know that rice in the straw, fed in moderation, is a most excellent forage; and you can taken advantage of it, as you will find an abundance along the Savannah and Ogeechee Rivers. As you come down make a good deal of smoke and fuss about Halley's (now Hutchinson's) Ferry and Sister's Ferry, as though threatening to cross into South Carolina, and should Ebenezer Creek be up, send word to General Davis to leave his bridge down until you are across. No news from the outside world of any interest; but the fleet is known to be watching for us, as the citizens report it sending up rockets every night.

I am, General, with much regard.

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

December 6, 1864.

I take great pleasure in tendering the thanks of the General-in-chief, expressed in official communications* of to-day, to the gallant officers and men of my command for the brilliant cavalry action and victory at Waynesborough. He desires me to thank you for this victory over superior numbers, and for the invaluable service rendered, assuring you that he will see that the command is well mounted, if he has to take horses from the infantry teams and burn the wagons and contents. Soldiers! you have won the admiration of the united Army of the Union, now sweeping onward to victory, and the respect and thanks of the great Sherman. Soldiers! I congratulate; I am proud to command you.

By order of Brigadier-General Kilpatrick:

L. G. ESTES,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

* See next, ante.

