HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, December 6, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MULFORD,

U. S. Agent for Exchange of Prisoners;

COLONEL: For your information, I have the honor to communicate the following facts relative to the flag of truce commenced in Charleston Harbor on Sunday, the 4th instant:

In accordance with the mutual understanding, our own and the enemy's batteries ceased firing. Early on the morning of the 5th instant the enemy opened with sharpshooters from Fort Sumter upon our batteries on the north end of Morris Island. After this had continued for an hour, I ordered our guns and mortars to open on Sumter and James Island, which was kept up for about another hour. At this time, a small boat, displayed a white flag, appeared off Fort Sumter; a boat from the picket monitor went to meet it, and received the following communication to me from the officers commanding at Fort Sumter:

FORT SUMTER, S. C., December 5, 1864.

OFFICER COMMANDING U. S. FORCES ON MORRIS ISLAND;

SIR: Having just been informed by the proper authorities of the continuance of the truce which commenced yesterday, I beg leave to offer an apology for having fired upon the batteries on the norther end of Morris Island this morning with sharpshooters.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. HUGUENIN,

Captain, Commanding.

To the communication I forward the following reply:
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morris Island, S. C., December 5, 1864.

Captain T. A. HUGUENIN,

Commanding Confederate Forces in Fort Sumter:

SIR: Your communication of this a. m., in explanation of the firing from Fort Sumter, is received. The explanation is satisfactory. The firing from the batteries on this island will be discontinued.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. N. HALLOWELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Since the above correspondence there has been an entire cessation of firing on both sides. In case of any probable discussion of the matter between yourself and the Confederate agent, I deemed it advisabu of the circumstances of the affair.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. N. HALLOWELL,

Colonel Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Vols., Commanding District.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Jenks' Bridge, GA., December 7, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

On the arrival of the bridge at this point, Captain Reese, finding the enemy on the other shore, threw over a regiment of Hazen's division in boats and cleared the way. The bridge was immediately laid, and a brigade of General Corse's division, General Rice commanding, pushed

