
ton. The bridge over the small stream without name is burned, and some obstructions there are now being removed, so that early in the morning his column will move right forward on the road which passes about two miles west of Guyton and about the same distance east of Eden, where your road and ours come together. It will be well if you can find a road passing from Springfield to Monteith and Pooler, and General Davis should be instructed to reach Saint Augustine and the vicinity of Cherokee Hill. He must first secure the road indicated from Cherokee Hill to Silk Hope and Litchfield. We hear that the enemy is fortifying in a semi-circle around and about four miles from Savannah.

I am, General, respectfully, yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Springfield, December 7, 1864 - 3 p. m.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

CAPTAIN: The Twentieth Army Corps will be well closed at this point to-night. Morgan's division, of the Fourteenth, encamped last night nine miles south of Halley's Ferry; the other two, at the ferry; cavalry, four miles in rear. Davis wrote me he should make twenty miles to-day, which will bring him well up with this corps. I shall await orders at this point.

Yours, very respectfully,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Two Miles and a Half from Guyton,

December 7, 1864 - 5 p. m.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 3 p. m. just received. All very well. The general wrote you an hour since describing the march of to-day and giving orders. He now wishes you to move on Savannah, with your command well in hand, General Davis to reach the railroad about Saint Augustine Creek, and your column to be in communication with General Blair about Pooler. He will not expect your Twentieth Corps to reach to-morrow further than the vicinity where the road you are on comes into the road General Blair moves on; but if you can find a road to the left leading to Pooler, it is desirable General Davis should be abreast. A Savannah paper, 5th, says Hood attacked Thomas at Franklin, and was defeated, with loss of 6,000, and 1,000 prisoners; Yankee loss, 500. Copied from New York papers.

I am, General, respectfully, yours,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

