HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Two Miles and a Half from Springfield, December 7, 1864 - 1 p. m.

[Brigadier General A. S. WILLIAMS:]

GENERAL: The road is in excellent condition, with the exception of one bad place, which twenty pioneers can fix in half an hour. The orderly knows the place. Good camping-ground all along here. The citizens say there is only one bad place to cross between here and near Springfield. Shall report from there.

Respectfully,

CHAS. W. ASMUSSEN,

Assistant Inspector-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Springfield, GA., December 7, 1864.

The movements of this corps to-morrow will be as follows: General Geary, with the troops of the Second Division, will break camp at 6. 30 a. m., and march on the direct road thorough Springfield. His division pioneers and the pioneer battalion will accompany him. He will clear the road, toward Monteith, of all obstructions and make it passable for infantry and artillery.

First Division will break camp at daylight, and march, with their trains, to Springfield, where the trains will be parked, and the troops move on to join the Second Division, when these two divisions, with two batteries of artillery, will push on toward Monteith.

The trains of the Second Division will cross Jack's Creek first, the trains of the First Division next, those of the Third Division last; the pontoon train preceding the train of the Second Division, and the corps and artillery supply and ammunition trains following it.

The Third Division will remain with the trains, and protect them. The troops will be so disposed about the park on the east side of Jack's Creek as to afford sufficient protection in case an attack on them should be made.

The cavalry of Colonel Hughes will accompany the advance, starting at 6. 30 a. m.

Major Reynolds, chief of artillery, will detail two batteries of artillery, one to accompany each division.

By command of Brigadier General A. S. Williams:

ROBT P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Four Miles from Springfield, GA., December 7, 1864.

Brigadier General N. J. JACKSON,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: Major-General Slocum has ordered that this corps be concentrated to-night at Springfield. In accordance therewith, the general commanding the corps directs that you continue the march to-day to that point, unless you receive further orders. This same order has been sent to General Geary. We are having the roads repaired as far as possible so as to make an easy passage for your trains.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

