
operations has been changed to Tullifinny Point, where a landing has been established, and it is necessary to have every man that can possibly be spared.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, December 8, 1864 - 10. 30 a. m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 7th, with copies of your orders 6th, is just received all right. General Blair is moving on that road which will intersect the road from Numbers 2 to Savannah, southeast of Numbers 2, on the east side of the Little Ogeechee. General Davis is still behind, and it will be to-morrow before he can reach the Charleston road about Morton Hill. The best route for the Fifteenth Corps appears, from the map, to be via Litchfield and the plank road; but I will make more specific orders when I see how far General Blair will reach to-night. I expect to meet General Slocum at the intersection of roads east of Eden some time to-day.

I am, with respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION, OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, December 8, 1864 - 7 p. m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: We are at a point on the road from Millen to Savannah, about two miles north of Numbers 2, called Mount Zion Church. General Slocum is but a short distance from us, and will move to-morrow on a road which branches off from this road and comes into the Augusta road ten miles north of Savannah, where he will effect a junction with General Davis, destroy that railroad, drive the enemy within his intrenchments, and then work to the right an dorm a junction with us, on this road, as near Savannah as we may get. General Blair will move on this road by Pooler, and so on until we drive the enemy within the intrenchments of Savannah, wherever they may be. The general wishes you to get down in the neighborhood of Beverly, Silk Hope, or Litchfield, so as to advance in the direction of the plank road until we come together, or communicate by the road which leads from Silk Hope to Cherokee Hill. He aims to push the enemy far enough into Savannah to have the use of the Shell road as a route of supply. If you can possibly to do so, he wishes you to send a note by a canoe down the Ogeechee, pass the railroad bridge in the night, and inform the naval commander that we have arrived in fine condition and are moving directly against Savannah, but, for the present, do not risk giving any details.

I am, General, with respect, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

