
Bridge (above the mouth of Cannouchee), seven miles of which are planked. King's Bridge is burned, and so is every other bridge across the two streams.

Very respectfully,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Eden (Numbers 2), GA., December 8, 1864.

Major General P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

I accompanied General Corse to-day. He met no opposition except obstructed roads. He has bridged the canal, and probably made a foot bridge across the Ogeechee where Dillon's Bridge was partially burned. Just one mile above Dillon's Bridge is a ferry, and a first-rate place for pontoons. I will try and get General Blair down there at an early hour to-morrow. If, however, I should fail in this, you will still have your own bridge that you can put down at that point. I think the Ogeechee will be too wide to bridge below Fort Argyle. I have sent your trains, cattle, &amp;c., down on the west bank, because there is not a particle of forage on his. My headquarters will be to-morrow with General Corse. If you saved King's Bridge that will be the best place to cross.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 247. Near Eden (Numbers 2), GA., December 8, 1864.

I. This command will move at 6 a. m. to-morrow, the 9th instant, in the following order: First, one regiment Second Brigade as advance guard; second, pioneer corps and tool wagons; third, Battery B, First Michigan Artillery, followed by wagons of the battery and one ambulance, fourth, Battery H, First Illinois Artillery, followed by wagons of the battery and ne ambulance; fifth, ambulances of Second Brigade (one for each regiment) and pioneer corps (one); sixth, ammunition train; seventh, division headquarters train and provost guard; eighth, Second Brigade train, including regimental wagons and pioneer corps wagon (baggage); ninth, First Brigade train; tenth, quartermaster's train; eleventh, commissary of subsistence train; twelfth, ambulance train, except ambulances assigned to regiments and detachments; thirteenth, regimental wagons First Brigade; fourteenth, two regiments First Brigade, rear guard; fifteenth, the infantry, with the exception of the advance and rear guard, will march, the Second Brigade in advance, upon the left flank of the artillery and trains, giving where possible the artillery and trains the road, to facilitate the movement.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. BUDLONG,Assistant Adjutant-General.

