HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Eden Station, GA., December 8, 1864.

Brigadier General J. M. CORSE,

Commanding Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Since making the order for the movements of the army to-morrow, General Howard has returned from a visit over at General Sherman's headquarters, and has modified the order so far as to put the Seventeenth Corps on the next road to the left. The Third Division will follow on by your road. We have communicated with General Osterhaus to-night, and have sent him the order by Colonel Strong. The general desires that you make a foot bridge across the river, even if it takes all the old houses in the neighborhood to do it. General Blair's pontoons will move out on your road with the Third Division, and with be pushed forward as rapidly as possible. The general will leave here at 6 o'clock in the morning, and join you before you move.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Dillon's Bridge, December 8, 1864.

Major-General HOWARD:

Captain Kirlin, of your staff, came to the opposite bank this evening, and reported that General O. was at Eden; that the road east of Eden, crossing the Cannouchee near where it flows into the Ogeechee, is a myth; that General Osterhaus has met a force intrenched on the south side of the Cannouchee, estimated from 1,000 to 5,000. The cannonading heard late to-day was from the rebels. General Osterhaus will try to effect a crossing west of where the Eden road crosses the Cannouchee. Our fleet came into Ossabaw Sound and signaled for Sherman's forces on Saturday, landed forces and signaled again Monday. The foot bridge we found impracticable, but have a boat, by means of which we communicate with the western bank of the Ogeechee. My mounted force went out three miles and struck a rebel force on the main Savannah road, intrenched and with artillery. They developed the position and force of the enemy, but were so hotly pressed as to be compelled to leave one wounded man in the enemy's possession. I am prepared to advance in the morning, either toward Savannah or the Gulf railroad, as you may be pleased to direct. There are six couriers on the other bank of the Ogeechee. In case you want orders to go to General O. this will prove your speediest route.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Mount Zion Church, December 8, 1864.

Major General F. P. BLAIR, Commanding Seventeenth Corps:

GENERAL: The General-in-chief directs that you move your command to-morrow by the direct Savannah road, as usual, pushing any enemy that may be found into his intrenchments.

I am, General, with respect, &c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

