HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,Springfield, December 8, 1864 - 7 a. m.

[General DAVIS:]

GENERAL: General Sherman has information that the line of defense around Savannah is about four miles from the city. He desires to take the road extending from Cherokee Hill, through Silk Hope, to Litchfield, as our first position. Your corps should be at or near Cherokee Hill; the Twentieth will be to the left of Pooler; Seventeenth on right of Twentieth; and Fifteenth near Litchfield. The Twentieth Corps will be at Monteith to-night. *

Yours, very respectfully,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Ebenezer Creek, GA., December 8, 1864 - 8 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Chief of Staff, Left Wing:

I have the honor to report my arrival at this point last night. Ebenezer is a large stream and requires bridging, and considerable to be cut out of the road. Our road was obstructed by timber at many points yesterday; notwithstanding, we made twenty miles. Kilpatrick reports his rear attacked yesterday afternoon; number of force not reported. We heard some artillery and small-arms yesterday evening in rear of the Twentieth Corps. The bridge in my front will be done by 10 a. m. ; I will then commence crossing. It will take all day to get on the other side of Ebenezer. I sent you a messenger yesterday morning, who has not returned.

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Ebenezer Creek, GA., December 8, 1864.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

Commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

General Carlin has just begun to advance toward the crossing. The general commanding directs you to take charge of the cavalry, dispose it as you may deem best to cover your crossing, and cross your division over the creek to-night. He desires that you give orders to the commanders of the cavalry to hold possession of the causeway on this side of the bridge until to-morrow noon at least. Having crossed his animals, he will thoroughly obstruct the road with fallen timber and will destroy the bridge as completely as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

* This dispatch was captured by General Joseph Wheeler.

---------------

