HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., December 8, 1864.

Lieutenant W. B. DEAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-General commanding, that I have not been able to comply fully with his instructions regarding the immediate shipment of 500 troops from this district, owing to the fact of my not finding here available transportation for more than 400 men. The remaining 100 are here in readiness, awaiting the first means of transportation which shall present. I have also the honor to report that I find here some 400 men of the Twenty-first U. S. Colored Troops, who are wholly unarmed, with the exception of a few who are doing provost-guard duty. They are consequently entirely ineffective for defensive purposes. I am informed that the requisite arms have been already drawn for these men upon the proper requisitions, and that they are now at the arsenal awaiting transportation. I have, therefore, ordered Ordnance Sergeant Scherer to that post, for the purpose of taking charge of their shipment, and I request that they may be placed under his care at the earliest opportunity, and that every facility may be rendered him for their immediate transshipment.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ONE MILE AND A HALF FROM Numbers 1,

December 9, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The dirt road runs to the left of the railroad. The troops continue to advance. General Blair thinks there is only cavalry in front. You can safely come to this point. The trains has been ordered to follow the Fourth Division, which is second in advance.

Respectfully,

JOS. C. AUDENRIED,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Pooler Station, GA., Numbers 129. December 9, 1864.

I. Especial attention is called to paragraph V, Special Field Orders, Numbers 17,* and all persons unauthorized riding horses should at once be dismounted and the animals turned over for cavalry use.

II. Brigadier-General Kilpatrick is authorized to organize a patrol to seize all horses and mules ridden by any persons without authority of law, or who may be away from their proper command, appropriating such animals for the use of his cavalry command.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

* See VOL. XXXVIII, Part IV, p. 406.

---------------

