HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Savannah Canal Bridge, GA., December 9, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

On my arrival at the canal General Corse pushed out his reconnaissance. He encountered about 600 rebel infantry, with two pieces of artillery, near the cross-roads. His advance brigade quickly dislodged them, capturing one piece of artillery and some prisoners. He followed the up across the Little Ogeechee, seven miles from Savannah. I went to the railroad with some mounted infantry, and saw the road broken at that point. King's Bridge was burned by the rebels, and all that were on the west side of the Ogeechee withdrew this morning. The bridge for General Blair, near Fort Argyle, is now (5. 25 p. m.) finished. In all probability General Osterhaus has burned the railroad bridge before this time, as two brigades of his had crossed the Ogeechee as last accounts. General Corse has taken up a strong position, by my direction, about twelve miles out of Savannah on this road. General Smith with his division is encamped near this place. I have not heard from General Blair, except from his guns. General Smith will send one brigade about two miles up the tow-path, and General Blair can communicate that way, if he gets ahead far enough. Please let him read this note.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

P. S. - I meet Mr. King to-day, and find him the possessor of King's Bridge. I mean your Marietta friend. He will be pleased to see you when come this way. Since writing the above, Captains Duncan and King and Lieutenant McQueen report that they captured a locomotive, with a train of seven cars loaded with plunder, which was being run our of Savannah, which they destroyed.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Pooler (Numbers 1), December 9, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Your dispatch from Canal bridge just received. The Seventeenth Corps moved at the usual hour to-day, and found the enemy defending the position covered by the swamp, about fifteen miles from Savannah. There was some skirmish fighting and use of artillery on both sides, but General Mower, who was in the advance, handsomely drove the enemy from his positions and works, and we reached this point and encamped in good season. The Seventeenth Corps will move as usual to-morrow morning, and will proceed until it reaches the main line of the enemy's works, supposed to be about four miles from Savannah, when it work t the right and connect with you. The General-in-chief desires you to move on the direct road on Savannah as usual, making progress until the enemy's main line is developed; he also wishes you to communicate with the fleet if possible. General Kilpatrick's command is divided, covering this and General Davis' column, and reports positively that Wheeler is on the east side of the Savannah River. If the Cuyler you have as a prisoner be R. R. Cuyler, brother of Surgeon Cuyler of the old Army, or his son George, the general wishes you to send him to us when practicable,

