
and in the meantime treat him as well as possible. Present the General's best wishes to Mr. King, and say he regrets Brown had not the good sense to follow his advice. The general thinks best for you to leave a brigade at the bridge at Fort Argyle, to hold and guard it, as we may need it. We have not heard from General Slocum direct, but the sound of his guns would place him at Cherokee Hill or near there-we heard them about sundown.

I am, General, yours, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

SIGNAL CORPS, U. S. ARMY,
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,December 9, 1864 - 7 p. m.

CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER OF FLEET:

SIR: It is wish of the general commanding to open communication with the fleet as early as possible, and as we may be in calling distance ere long you will please have a strict watch kept for a flag or torch. At present we will use the old code. If communication should be opened we can arrange the numbers for the remainder of the month.

Yours, respectfully,

JAS. M. McCLINTOCK.

SPECIAL HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENN. FIELD ORDERS, Savannah Canal, near Dillon's Bridge, GA., Numbers 190. December 9, 1864.

The operations of this army to-morrow will be as follows: First, Major-General Osterhaus commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will direct Brigadier General J. E. Smith, commanding Third Division, to push his division forward toward a point marked on the map as Beverly, reconnoitering and feeling for the enemy by the plank and other roads leading into Savannah. Second, he will direct Brigadier-General Corse, commanding Fourth Division, to continue his reconnaissance toward a point marked Hermitage, carefully feeling toward Savannah by all the roads in his front leading thereto. Third, the two divisions of the Fifteenth Corps on the west side of the Ogeechee will leave their trains, with small guards, to follow them, and, crossing the river as heretofore directed, will move the leading division to the support of General Smith and the other to the support of General Corse. Fourth, Major-General Osterhaus will take charge of the right column, and the general commanding will in person take command of the left column. Fifth, Major-General Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, will move his command forward by the Pooler and Savannah road, feeling toward the Silk Hope and Cherokee Heights road, so as to communicate with General Smith. Sixth, each corps commander will locate his train as will be most convenient, and with the view of obtaining forage for it from the other as well as from this side of the Ogeechee.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. T. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

