
is well repaired. We made a small number of prisoners, and my cavalry is driving now the enemy's pickets from the railroad stations. I will move my headquarters to the Fourth Division very early to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Savannah Canal, near Dillon's Bridge, GA.,

December 9, 1864. - 7 p. m.

Respectfully forwarded.

We have captured here to-day probably 50 prisoners. Fort McAllister is said to be occupied by the enemy entirely independent of any other force. I have to-night sent Captain Duncan and two scouts in a canoe down the river to attempt to communicate with the fleet. Two empty trains left Savannah on the Gulf road, and are cut off; two attempted to leave this evening, one of which I reported as burned.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 194. Cannouchee Bridge, December 9, 1864.

* * * * * * *

II. The corps will continue its march to-morrow, in the following order: First, First Division, Brigadier-General Woods commanding, will march from its present camp early to-morrow morning to the pontoon bridge near Dillon's Ferry. On arriving there General Woods will cross his division and trains, turning over the trains of Second Division to General Hazen. The brigade of the First Division stationed at Eden Court-House will leave camp at 5 a. m., and march on the direct road from Eden to Dillon, the commanding officer of which will take measures to pass the old camp of Second Division by 7 a. m. Major Stolbrand will cause the commanding officer of the Twelfth Wisconsin Battery to join the brigade of the First Division marching from Eden Court-House when en route. Second, the Second Division, Brigadier-General Hazen commanding, will march from its present camp at 7 a. m., by the direct road from Cannouchee bridge, to Dillon's Ferry. As soon as his troops and trains have re-crossed the Cannouchee River the commanding officer of the First Missouri Engineers will cause the pontoon bridge to be taken up, and will follow the Second Division. The rear guard of the Second Division will escort the pontoon train, and to that end will remain here until the same is well on the road. As soon as the First Division is over the Ogeechee River Brigadier-General Hazen will proceed to cross his command.

III. The Third Division, Brigadier-General Smith commanding, will leave its present camp at 7 a. m. to-morrow for the place laid down on the maps as Beverly. It will follow substantially the tow-path, on the south side of the canal, but will at the same time patrol and reconnoiter the plank and country roads into Savannah. The Fourth Division, Brigadier-General Corse commanding, will, at 8 a. m., continue its reconnaissance toward the point indicated as Hermitage, scouring all

