
the approaches to Savannah in his front, with a view of obtaining the most perfect information of the enemy's position and works. The First and Second Divisions, after having executed the movements as ordered in paragraph II, Special Orders, Numbers 194, of date, will continue to close on the leading divisions, as follows: The First Division, Brigadier-General Woods commanding, will follow the Third Division, while Brigadier-General Hazen with the Second Division will march to the support of the Fourth Division, Brigadier-General Corse commanding. In order to join as fast as possible their respective columns Generals Hazen and Woods will, on their arrival at the Ogeechee River, leave their respective trains in charge of one regiment each, with instructions to guard and corral them east of the Ogeechee and on the south side of the canal until further orders. Department headquarters will march with the left column (First and Third Division), while the corps commander will accompany the right column (Second and Fourth Divisions).

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS Savannah Canal, near Dillon's Bridge, GA., Numbers 248. December 9, 1864.

I. This command will move at 7 a. m. to-morrow, the 10th instant, in the following order: First, one regiment First Brigade as advance guard, followed by regimental wagons and one ambulance; second, pioneer corps, tool wagons, baggage wagon, and one ambulance; third, Battery B, First Michigan Artillery, followed by wagons of the battery and one ambulance; fourth, Battery H, First Illinois Artillery, followed by wagons of the battery and one ambulance; fifth, four wagons of ammunition (musket); sixth, remainder of First Brigade, each regiment followed by regimental wagons and one ambulance; seventh, three regiments Second Brigade, each regiment followed by regimental wagons and one ambulance; eighth, the trains, except such portions as are mentioned above, will remain in their present camp, guarded by one regiment of Second Brigade.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. BUDLONG,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 27. Near Savannah Canal, December 9, 1864.

I. This command will move to-day at 11 a. m., in the following order: The Second Brigade will move in the advance, followed by the battery; the First Brigade will move in the center; the Third Brigade will bring up the rear. The pioneer corps will follow the advance guard, and remove all obstructions that may have been placed in the road by the enemy. The trains will move as follows: First, the pioneer corps train; second, the Second Brigade train; third, the First Brigade train; fourth, the Third Brigade train; fifth, the ambulance corps train; sixth, the ordnance train; seventh, the supply train.

By order:

LEO CARPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

