
manding Second Brigade, will follow the artillery; fourth, ambulances and ordnance train, all the wagons will follow in rear of the corps in same order of march as their respective commands; fifth, each brigade commander will detail one company for train guard, to report at wagon corral, at 7 a. m. to-morrow, to Lieutenant George W. Porter, aide-de-camp, for further instructions.

By order of Brigadier General M. D. Leggett:

J. C. DOUGLASS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Pooler (Numbers 1), December 9, 1864.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: As yet we have heard nothing from you to-day except your guns, nearly due north, from 3 to 5 p. m. General Howard has reported, and is in possession of the Gulf railroad; captured one piece of artillery, some prisoners, and a train of cars; both corps have met opposition, but have overcome it; and Howard will move the Fifteenth via the plank road, and the Seventeenth via this the main road, on Savannah, in the morning.

The general wishes you to continue along the Savannah River in your movement on the city, making as much progress as you can until the enemy's main line is developed.

I am, General, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Two Miles South of Ebenezer Creek, December 9, 1864 - 9 a. m.

Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Chief of Staff, Left Wing:

COLONEL: My rear only completed the crossing of the creek at daylight. I am now moving for Saint Augustine Creek, and if the obstructions or opposition is not too great will reach there to-day. One of the enemy's gun-boats made several demonstrations against our bridge yesterday, but a few shells satisfied them they could accomplish nothing, and it up the project. My troops skirmished all day. Fewer attacks in rear. I have destroyed the bridge behind me, and do not think I shall be troubled from the rear to-day. I can hear nothing of the Twentieth Corps. Heave cannonading is now progressing in the direction of Savannah or Coosawhatchie.

I am, very respectfully,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Monteith, GA., December 9, 1864.

The movements of this corps to-morrow will be as follows: The First Division will break camp at 6. 30 a. m., and push forward toward the Savannah and Charleston Railroad. The cavalry of Colonel Hughes

