
will precede the infantry, starting at 6 a. m. The Third Division will follow the First Division, starting from their present camp at 6 a. m. The Second Division will remain in charge of the trains. General Geary will send one of his brigades to guard the rear of the train, and hold his other two brigades in their present camps, but be in readiness to move at short notice. The train will remain in its present park until further orders. All pack-animals of the First and Third Divisions, except the animals that carry the pioneers' tools, will be left with the trains. Fifteen wagons from the ammunition train of the First Division and five from the ammunition train of the Third Division will accompany the advanced forces. These wagons, with the headquarters wagons and ambulances, will march in rear of the center brigade of the Third Division.

By command of Brigadier General A. S. Williams:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Monteith, GA., December 9, 1864.

This division will move to-morrow at 6. 30 a. m., in the following order: Second Brigade in advance, followed by a battery; Third brigade next, and First in rear. The trains will remain in their present park, under General Geary, until further orders. All pack-animals, except those that carry pioneer tools, will be left with the trains. Captain Augustine, ordnance officer, will send fifteen wagons of ammunition, which will have a position in the column with the different headquarters wagons and ambulances, in rear of the center brigade of the Third Division, which immediately follows the First Division.

By command of Brigadier General N. J. Jackson:

GEO. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,December 9, 1864 - 6 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps:

COLONEL: The Third Division train (rear(is not nearly all in. The ground will not even hold corduroy. I will push on as soon as possible, but my movements will necessarily be very slow, as I hear that most of the road ahead has to be worked.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. WARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Zion Church, GA., December 9, 1864.

Brigadier General W. T. WARD,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that one mile from where he encamped last night, at Zion Church, you take

