
by the Darien road around to the right, until his right rests on the King's Bridge and Savannah road. Third, all the trains, cattle, &amp;c., on the west side of the Ogeechee will be crossed over to the east side, the trains, with small guards, to be parked, as nearly as practicable, in rear of their respective divisions, and the cattle occupying such places in the rear of the army as may be most convenient for forage, &c. Fourth, the portion of the engineer regiment with the Fifteenth Corps, and as many officers and men os same as can be spared from the Seventeenth Army Corps (leaving enough to take care of the bridge at Dillon's Ferry), will report, with tools, &c., without delay, to Captain C. B. Reese, chief engineer, at King's Bridge. Fifth, the pontoon bridge at Dillon's will not be taken up until King's Bridge in repaired, or until further orders, Sixth, corps commanders will direct an equitable division of the rations on hand to be made to their divisions.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Little Ogeechee, near Savannah, GA., December 10, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN M. CORSE,

Commanding Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

I have heard that you have discovered a way by which you think you can turn the flank of a portion of the enemy's force in your front. If such is the case every effort you make for that purpose will meet my hearty approbation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, GA., December 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General CORSE,

Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: The major-General commanding directs that you protect you from by throwing up earth-works opposite such places as will enable the enemy to move forward across the marshes and rice fields.

I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, GA., December 10, 1864.

Colonel R. N. ADAMS,

Commanding Second Brigade, Fourth Div., 15th Army Corps:

The general wishes you to make a crossing at some point below the railroad as early to-morrow as possible. It is very important that a crossing should be made. The general says the first to make the cross-

