
ing shall have the honor. The general says he cannot spare the Eighty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry. A staff officer will be there early to-morrow morning.

Respectfully,

H. L. BURNHAM,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 304. Near Savannah, GA., December 10, 1864.

The command will be prepared at 7 a. m. to-morrow to draw out from its present position, upon being relieved by the Fourteenth Corps, and to move to the right. The necessary directions for the movement will be given in the morning. Unless otherwise directed, Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will move out first, to be followed successively by Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, and Brigadier General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division. The trains will move with their respective divisions. The First Michigan Engineers will follow the Third Division. The train of the headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi and of these headquarters will move at the head of the Third Division train.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Near Savannah, GA., December 10, 1864.

Major General J. A. MOWER,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-General commanding directs me to say to you that you will send out three or four men in your front, to creep up as far as possible toward the enemy's works, and ascertain the nature of the ground between you and the works. Should there be no swamps or creek in front of your left brigade, and he ground prove favorable for an advance, you will proceed to throw up to-night works for two batteries - one in front and to the right of where Generals Sherman and Blair and yourself were standing together to-day, the works to be placed so as to be masked by the bushes that are there; the other on the crest that is in front and a little to the left of the point mentioned where you were standing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, 17TH ARMY CORPS,

Near Savannah, GA., December 10, 1864.

The troops of this command will be prepared to march to-morrow at 7 a. m. Order of march: First, pioneer corps; second, First Brigade; third battery; fourth, Second Brigade; fifth, Third Brigade, sixth, ambulance train; seventh, ordnance train; eighth, supply train.

By order of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

CHAS. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

