HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Savannah, December 11, 1864 - 2 a. m.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of December 10, and also Special Field Orders, Numbers 191, are just received. The General-in-chief wishes you to secure the trains cut off on the Gulf road and also describe to him what is the position of King's Bridge and Dillon's Ferry. Neither is on the map. I have had couriers looking for you since 5 p. m. 10th, with orders, but they are unable to find your headquarters. I send inclosed another copy. * The general understands the trains to be between Way's and Fleming's Stations.

I am, General,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Little Ogeechee, Eleven Miles from Savannah, December 11, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I inclose you a rough sketch+ made by Captain Reese. He will have a better very soon. The King's Bridge road is the prolongation of the plank road. I have received your Field Order, Numbers 130. My headquarters are now on the King's Bridge and Savannah road, three miles and a half in rear of Corse's advanced line. I shall move up this morning, and will send an officer to let you know where I shall be. I think the atmosphere is now clear enough to communicate with the fleet by signal from a point Captain McClintock, signal officer, has selected. The Darien road is an excellent one from the canal across to this road, and will give us easy communication.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Little Ogeechee, near Savannah, December 11, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have carefully reconnoitered this part of the rebel position. I find that there are at least five batteries, one of them mounting four guns and the others probably one each. The marsh extending along their whole front is impassable either to foot or horsemen, and the only way by which it can be crossed, leading from Doctor Cheves' plantation, has a battery planted at the other shore. Their line runs along the eastern branch of the Little Ogeechee, terminating near its mouth, where it cannot be approached owing to the swamps bordering the river. As Screven's there is a good landing, opposite which is Fort McAllister. The fort is well supplied with guns; some of the negroes saying that there are thirty-five mounted - others, less - and that there

---------------

* See Numbers 130, p. 676.

---------------

+ Not found.

