
second, artillery, Fifteenth Ohio Battery; third, Colonel, R. K, Scott, commanding Second Brigade, will follow the artillery; fourth, ambulance and ordnance trains; all other wagons will follow in rear of First Division is same order of march as their respective commands.

By order of Brigadier General M. D. Leggett:

J. C. DOUGLASS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,December 11, 1864 - 7 p. m.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

Some of Wheeler's cavalry were at Monteith, the residence of General Harrison, when the party sent to arrest him (Harrison) arrived there. I have sent a brigade of infantry to cover my rear and protect trains. The left of my line is now established in very close proximity to the line of the enemy. I have sent a regiment across the river to scout the country, and am throwing up two redoubts on the river-bank.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Savannah, December 11, 1864.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: It is reported to the General-in-chief by Colonel Atkins, commanding cavalry brigade, that his scouts saw a brigade of the enemy's cavalry to-day on Louisville and Savannah road, opposite Springfield, and that they were moving north to the Augusta road, and I am directed by the general to give you to information.

I am, General, yours, &c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In Front of Savannah, GA., December 11, 1864.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

Commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding the corps has directed me to say to you that he wishes you to take position for to-night upon Saint Augustine Creek (the first creek this side of the Ten-Mile Station). He wishes you to destroy all the trestle-works on this side of the bridge toward this point, and desires a report of your operations this morning and of your success in destroying the railroad bridge. He also wishes to know if you deem it practicable to construct a boom above the bridge which will obstruct the passage of boats upon the river.

I have the honor to be, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

