
be nothing more than a line of rails. It will indicate the line and serve as a rallying place in case of an attack. He also directs that, as we shall probably have to make considerable use of the King's Bridge and Savannah road, you cause it to be repaired to-morrow from the front line back to Little Ogeechee Church, bringing dry sand from convenient points to fill up small ruts and bad places, and corduroying the bad ones wherever needed to keep the road in good hauling order. General Blair will repair it from Little Ogeechee Church to King's Bridge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Anderson's Plantation, GA., December 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General HAZEN,

Commanding Second Division:

You will, as soon as King's Bridge is completed, proceed with your command against Fort McAllister and take it, reporting the fact to these headquarters as soon as accomplished.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 250. Near Anderson's Plantation, GA., December 12, 1864.

I. This command will move at 7 this a. m. in the following order: First, one regiment First Brigade in advance; second, pioneer corps and tool wagons; third, remainder of First Brigade; fourth, three regiments Second Brigade; fifth, ammunition wagons, sixth, ambulances; seventh, division headquarters, regimental, and detachment wagons; eights, one regiment Second Brigade, rear-guard.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. BUDLONG,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Near Savannah, December 12, 1864.

Brigadier General E. W. RICE,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: Major-General Osterhaus is of the impression the enemy is gone and orders me to send a regiment to the Anderson house and make a feint of crossing. You will, therefore, send a regiment to the point designated at 4. 30 p. m., push out skirmishers well through the swamp, and if they discover no signs of the enemy's presence move the regiment down till you develop whether they have a force on the other side or not. General Woods will move a regiment down on the main Savannah road at the same time and for the same purpose. Be cautious and do not get the command under fire in the swamp till you are satisfied the enemy is either very weak or gone.

Very respectfully,

JNO M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

