HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, December 12, 1864.

General SLOCUM,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: A flag of truce to-day brought in letters from Wheeler to Kilpatrick. One was headed Waynesborough, 6th, and the other seventeen miles from Savannah, 11th December. The officer bringing it said he belonged to Wheeler's staff. The men of his escort said they or he were from Ross. The flag came to our picket on Louisville and Savannah road, and I give you all I know, from which you may judge Wheeler's position. He may be concocting devilment for us, or it might be a blind to cover up. The General, you know, is at King's Bridge. I will send word to General Davis.

I am, General, yours, &c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,

Numbers 2. Before Savannah, GA., December 12, 1864.

While the army remains in its present position all regular foraging parties from either corps will be permitted to forage upon both banks of the Savannah River and upon the islands in the river. All guards will respect the passes of any corps or division commander for this purpose.

By command of Major General H. W. Slocum:

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Savannah, GA., December 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Chief of Staff, Left Wing, Army of Georgia:

COLONEL: A number of different foraging parties sent from this command to-day report to me that they had attempted to cross to the island in the Savannah River opposite this point (the only region accessible where it is possible to obtain forage), and all untie in saying that they were prevented from crossing by guards from the Twentieth Corps. Guards also from the same command were found posted upon all the rice fodder upon this bank of the river, of which I am informed there is a very large quantity. The animals of my command are entirely out of food, and the men soon will be if this state of things continues. I would respectfully suggest that the major-General commanding will take such measures as will allow my men to forage in the region mentioned, and that they be permitted to procure a portion of the rice fodder upon this side of the river. I desire to send out parties in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant, &c.,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

