
to-morrow morning, pursuing the route taken by the wagon trains, and reporting your arrival when the head of your column has reached the crossing of the Georgia Central Railroad, when further instructions will be given you.

I have the honor to be, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,December 12, 1864.

Brigadier General A. S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Twentieth Corps:

The major-General commanding desires you to have the steamer Resolute (captured this morning) turned over to Captain Whittlesey at once, and the commissary stores on board of her turned over to Colonel Bulloch, chief commissary of subsistence.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Five Miles from Savannah, GA., December 12, 1864.

Captain H. M. WHITTLESEY,

Acting Chief Quartermaster:

CAPTAIN: General Jackson has been directed to detail fifteen engineers and mechanics to repair the steamer Resolute. They will report to you to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,December 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps:

LIEUTENANT-COLONEL: In compliance with orders from headquarters First Division, I detailed last evening one regiment (Third Wisconsin Volunteers) to proceed across the river upon the island for duty. I ordered my acting commissary of subsistence to accompany the regiment and to take possession of whatever supplies he might find for the use of the brigade. He found upon the boat captured this p. m. a small quantity of flour, &amp;c., which he took possession of. Colonel Hawley, commanding Third Wisconsin Volunteers, was ordered by General Williams to turn over the stores to the corps commissary. I would respectfully request that these stores be issued to my brigade.

I am, Colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

