HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Anderson's Plantation, GA., December 13, 1864.

Brigadier General C. R. WOODS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: In order to employ the enemy's attention in our front, and at the same time draw it from Fort McAllister, which Brigadier-General Hazen is about attacking, you will push your skirmishers, supported by some regiments, toward the enemy's line as soon as the tide commences to run out. The artillery will open a brisk fire at the same time. The demonstration will assume a menacing attitude during the day by brisk firing, &amp;c.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus

F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Corse, commanding Forth Division.)
HDQRS DEPARTMENT AN ARMY THE TENNESSEE,Little Ogeechee, new Savannah, GA., December 13, 1864.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

The major-General commanding directs me to say that, at General Sherman's request, he has gone with him to-day down to Cheves' Mill, to witness the attack of General Hazen's division on Fort McAllister. He desires you to occupy the attention of the enemy as much as possible during the days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major-General Osterhaus.)
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Savannah, GA., December 13, 1864.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

Commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you detail a brigade as guard and escort to a foraging train, which is ordered to start at 7 a. m. to-morrow, from a ; point on the Milledgeville road near your headquarters, for the purpose of procuring subsistence for the animals of the corps. The train will go out about eight miles, but it will not be necessary for the whole brigade to march more than four miles, a smaller guard being dispatched to guard the trains the whole distance, the remainder being held as a support.

I have the honor to be, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

