
examining the entire country below Fort McAllister around to a point opposite Sunbery. I understand that our fleet is near Wassaw Sound. Kilkenny is decidedly the point to which our fleet should come. We have here at all times between nine and twelve feet of water, never less than nine, besides, a good dock could easily be constructed, and but fifteen miles from King's Bridge, and certainly one of the best military road I have ever seen. Lieutenant Hollis, from the gun-boat, was at this point last evening making inquiries regarding our army. The fleet is expecting us to cross the Little Ogeechee and push or right flank in around upon Thunderbolt. I have opened up communication with my people at Sunbery, and have directed Colonel Murray to send a determined officer with sufficient force to destroy the bridge (over the Altamaha), telegraph wire, &amp;c.

Hoping, General, my success will please you, I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Kilkenny Bluff, GA., December 13, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find answer to Major-General Wheeler's communication. If you are satisfied with the contents in it contained, I should like to have it forwarded by flag of truce. I should be pleased to make the exchange referred to in wheeler's communication, and will await your decision on the subject. Is Wheeler upon this side of the Savannah? If so, at what point had I best concentrate my command? Captain Brink will bring back any instructions you may have.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND,King's Bridge, GA., Tuesday, December 13, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, C. S. Army:

Your communications of December 5 [6] and 11 have just been received. In reference to the depredations committed by my command while marching through your country, I will simply say that the same complaints have been made by the citizens of Georgia against officers and men of your own command, and call your attention to Governor Brown's message on that subject. If you cannot control your men while they are among their friends, you cannot expect my to prevent my men from committing depredations upon their known enemies-a people who have betrayed them in the past, and for whom they have now no sympathy. Do not understand by this that I have allowed my men to commit depredations along my line of march; such has not been the case. An order has been issued to my command authorizing and instructing my officers to shoot upon the spot any soldier who shall be caught committing any outrage. War is terrible, and the people of Georgia are now being made to feel this in all its force. Had

