
Wilmington, River. turner's Rocks Battery is on the same river, opposite side, and two miles farther down. some light batteries are at Isle of Hope. Beaulieu Battery, nine guns, open gorge, guards the Vernon River; shell road from it to Savannah. Rosedew Battery guards the Little Ogeechee River, open gorge, two guns; good road to Savannah. All these roads are well furnished with batteries at favorable points. Fort McAllister guards the Great Ogeechee River, fourteen guns, k strong, inclosed. Communication with the fleet may be opened by taking latter are preferable, and easier taken, My own force is strongly posted between the Coosawhatchie and Tullifinny Rivers, and commands with its batteries the railroad, which is within 1,200 yards.

Ample supplies are here awaiting your orders. Communications may be sent to any river sound in this vicinity, and find a vessel of the fleet ready to receive them. I hold Boyd's Neck on the south side of Broad River, where couriers in that direction may come in better than at Coosawhatchie, where we are confronted by 5,000 men, veterans and militia. I inclose a traced map of this immediate coast.

Respectfully, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. -An officer of General Grant's staff has arrived with dispatches for you; also a mail for your army of nearly twenty tons weight.

J. G. F.

SAVANNAH RIVER, December 13, 1864.

[General SHERMAN:]

GENERAL: Captain Duncan reached me on the morning of the 12th at 8 a. m. I have two iron-clads at Wassaw and a force of gun-boats at Ossabaw and Savannah River; will await your movements to establish a communication; the best may be by the Ogeechee; this is guarded by Fort McAllister, which has always resisted attack by water, but would be easily reduced from the rear. The rebels have no force of consequence south of McAllister. The Vernon is guarded by battery Beaulieu, the Little Ogeechee by Rosedew, both able to keep vessels from passing the narrow channel, but of no force landward. The island formed by the Coosawhatchie and Tullifinny (head of Broad River) is crossed by the railroad, and is now occupied by General Foster south of the railroad, whose batteries will reach it. I think you will find the rivers going into Ossabaw convenient for communication.

Very respectfully,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

U. S. STEAMER FLAG,

Ossabaw Sound, December 13, 1864-7 p. m.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: I have succeeded in communicating by signals to the signal officer of General Sherman['s army, stationed on a fort about three miles northwest of Fort McAllister, on the north side of the

