
Ogeechee River. I was unable to open full communication by flags with them, as it was most dark, but could see large numbers of troops arriving at that point. I shall return immediately to open communication by torch and rockets.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. FISHER,

First Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

U. S. BARK FERNANDINA,

Saint Catherine's, GA., December 13, 1864.

[General JOHN G. FOSTER:]

SIRS: I have just communicated with our army at Kilkenny. General Kilpatrick and his staff are there. His forces hold the coast between here and Sapello. He wishes to make this place a base for supplies. One of my officers is now at Kilkenny waiting for dispatches from General Sherman, which I will forward as soon as received. I have only this moment received the above intelligence by one of my scouts.

Very respectfully,

LEWIS WESS.

General Sherman's headquarters are at Henry Munger's plantation, on the right hand of the Ogeechee, going up about northwest from Fort McAllister, distance three miles.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., December 13, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN P. HATCH,

Commanding Coast Division, Tullifiny Point:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-General commanding to state that Admiral Dahlgren intends making a demonstration somewhere in the vicinity of Savannah, and will probably have to call upon you for the Naval Brigade. You are therefore directed, in case these men are sent for by the admiral, to send all excepting a sufficient number to man the navy guns. Nothing from Sherman since his scouts

arrived yesterday morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., December 13, 1864.

Lieutenant W. B. DEAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the South:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report most respectfully that nothing of importance has occurred since I assumed command. No deserters or refugees have entered our lines. The camps and outposts of the enemy are the same as they have been for several months back. The only information which I have received with regard to the enemy's

