HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Near Savannah, GA., December 14, 1864.

Colonel JOHN FLYNN, Division Officer of the Day:

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding division to say that there is some probability that the enemy will evacuate their position. The general desires you to direct the pickets to keep a special watch for any movement of the kind by throwing forward vedettes for close observation, and if any such movement takes place occupy their works at once and send notice to these headquarters.

I am, Colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. FORBES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., December 14, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have just returned from meeting General Sherman, whom I met at Fort McAllister at daylight this morning. Fort McAllister was taken by assault at 4. 30 last evening by Hazen's division of the Fifteenth Corps. The garrison, numbering 250 men, were all made prisoners, and the armament of 21 guns, with stores, ammunition, &amp;c., fell into our hands. This important capture opens the Great Ogeechee River to supplies of all kinds, which can be safely landed immediately in the rear of General Sherman's army. This army now holds savannah closely besieged, having driven in the enemy from all his advanced positions until the left wing rests on the Savannah River three miles and a half above the city, and the right on the Ogeechee River. General Slocum, on the left wing, holds Argyle Island, and has a captured steamer in use on the river at that point. A second captured steamer was burned. The Central railroad is thoroughly destroyed; also the Savannah and Charleston Railroad from the Savannah River to within three miles and a half of the city. The Gulf road is also destroyed for a long distance, and the bridge over the Ogeechee burned. General Sherman is perfectly sure of capturing Savannah; and I am now forwarding a siege battery of 30-pounder Parrotts to be placed in position. In two days he will summon the city to surrender, and if not yielded will open his batteries. To prevent the escape of Hardee and the garrison, General Sherman intends to throw one division across the Savannah River at Argyle Island, to hold the river-bank opposite the city. I am also to hold the railroad and stage road in my present position between the Coosawhatchie and Tullifinny Rivers. Admiral Dahlgren is to demonstrate against the water defenses of Savannah to keep the garrisons in those works. Everything now seems extremely favorable to the entire success of General Sherman's expectations. His army is in splendid condition, having lived on its march on the turkeys, chickens, sweet potatoes, and other good things of the richest part of Georgia. The opposition to his march has been feeble. I am supplying everything needed and aiding in every way within my power.

I will send another dispatch as soon as Savannah falls.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, commanding.

(Same to General Halleck.)

