
None of the papers contain particulars of the Coosawhatchie. No information of any conflict at that point since the 30th has been received at the War Department.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

(Copy to Secretary of War.)

WASHINGTON, December 15, 1864-11. 10 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

You are aware that a large amount of supplies were collected at Pensacola for General Sherman, and that Canby held troops there and at Mobile, to open communication with him if necessary. Should not General Canby now by instructed to use these troops and supplies for other purposes? Will General Sherman, after taking Savannah, base himself on that place and operate against Charleston, Branchville, or August? I do not know what instructions have been given him on this subject; but if he is to base himself on the coast, recruits, convalescents, &amp;c., as well as future supplies, should be sent there for his army.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, CITY, December 15, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army:

GENERAL: Please communicate with Sherman, and direct him to send no troops from his army to Virginia until plan of campaign is fully agreed upon. My last instructions to Sherman contemplated his sending troops to operate against Richmond, retaining all his artillery, cavalry, and infantry sufficient to hold our base on the Atlantic secured by his campaign and to compel the enemy to retain there at least the force he now has against us. Also, that artillery can be sent from here to supply his wants.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, d. C., December 15, 1864. (Via Port Royal, S. C.)

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

MY DEAR GENERAL: We have to-day official advice of your position, and that you have communicated, or that General Howard has communicated, with General Foster. I congratulate you on your successful march. You have made the greatest and most remarkable marches of the war, and have demonstrated several times that an army can move more than twenty-five miles from a navigable river or railroad without perishing. We have been shipping supplies for you, and I hope that you will have abundance of all necessaries, though I have been somewhat uncertain as to your numbers. The first orders required

