
some competent staff officer over to the Ogeechee, and, in concert with General Easton, chief quartermaster, collect as many boats as possible to transport your stores from King's Bridge, thorough me canal, up to your very camp. At Doctor Cheves' plantation, ten miles from King's Bridge, the general himself saw at least half a dozen fine, large flats, built expressly to transport rice through the canal to Savannah, the very things wanted, and he has no doubt on other plantations at least twenty or twenty-five boats could be collected, each capable of transporting twenty tons. In dry Weather the wagons will be best, but in case of rainy Weather these boats would be admirable. As soon as possible the general wants your batteries, which are nearest the city, prepared to execute the foregoing plans, and he wants you to write him in full to-night any ideas that may have been suggested by your closer observation of the ground in your immediate front; and you may at once give orders for hauling provisions and forage from King's Bridge, as Admiral Dahlgren assured him this morning that he would have all torpedoes and obstructions removed in the course of to-day. There is also a steam-boat load of mail for your army, Colonel A. H. Markland in charge, which will be at King's Bridge the instant the torpedoes are removed. Captain Merritt brings this to you, and can satisfy all your inquiries, as ne has been with the General.

I have the honor to be, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY HITCHCOCK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,December 15, 1864-5 p. m.

Major Henry HITCHCOCK, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Your communication of 2 p. m. has just come to hand. The heavy guns can be used to advantage in my front. From my extreme left I can shell the city with the 3-inch gun. I think I can safely place a force on the Carolina side of the river and gradually work my way opposite the city. I shall team for stores at once.

I will write fully to-morrow.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,December 15, 1864-9 p. m.

[Major-General SHERMAN:]

GENERAL: I have two regiments on the Carolina shore north of Clydesdale Creek. To-morrow morning the remainder of the brigade, three additional regiments, will endeavor to take the line from Clydesdale Creek to a point on the Savannah River opposite to Cruger's Island, with orders to intrench on that line and feel forward toward the causeway road. With your consent I will try to place a division on the line marked 2 on the inclosed diagram. It will be necessary to move with some caution on that side; and, to render the position entirely safe, it maybe necessary to throw an entire corps over, with instructions to intrench strongly. There are many points in front of our present position that can be guarded by a good pickets-line. If a portion of the line now held by Davis can be held by General Howard,

