
morning of the 13th. The work was a remarkable one (being completed in about two day's time), considering there was little left of the old bridge except the posts. The bridge measured 1,000 feet in length. The General-in-chief in the above order had directed General Kilpatrick to aid me in opening communication with the fleet. I therefore sent him across the pontoon bridges near Fort Argyle to reconnoiter Fort McAllister and the inlets in the vicinity, and, if practicable, to take the fort. General Sherman himself subsequently modified these directions, ordering Kilpatrick not to assault the works. General Hazen, of the Fifteenth Corps, was directed to hold his division in readiness to cross King's Bridge the movement it was completed and take Fort McAllister. General Kilpatrick made his reconnaissance on the 12th, drove in the outposts at McAllister, and reported the fort defended by a garrison of some 200 men, with several heavy guns bearing on the land approaches.

The morning of the 13th I accompanied General Sherman to Doctor Cheves' rice mill, where we had McAllister full in view. At the rice mill a section of De Gress' battery was firing occasional shots at the fort opposite, three miles and a half distant, as a diversion, having for its principal object, however, to attract the attention of the fleet. During the day we watched the fort and the bay, endeavoring to catch glimpses of the division moving upon the work and of vessels belonging to the fleet. About midday the rebel artillery at McAllister opened inland, firing occasionally from three or four different guns, and by our glasses we could observe Hazen's skirmishers firing on the fort. About the same time a movable smoke, like that from a steamer, attracted our attention near the mouth of the Ogeechee. Signal communication was established with General Hazen, who gave us notice that he had invested the fort, and also that he observed the steamer. General Sherman signaled him from the top of the old rice mill that it was important to carry the fort by assault to-day. The steamer had now approached near enough to draw the fire of the fort when her signal flag was descried. Captain McClintock, aided by Lieutenant Sampson, signal officers, speedily communicated with the vessel, which proved to be a tug sent by General Foster and Admiral Dahlgren for the purpose of communicating with us. Just as the signal officer of the vessel inquired if the McAllister was ours, we noticed a brisker fire at the fort, and our flags and men passing the abatis, through the ditch and over the parapet, and then we saw the men fire upward in the air, and could distinctly hear their cheer of triumph as they took possession of the fort. It was a gallant assault. General Hazen lost, in killed a wounded, about 90 men; of the garrison, between 40 and 50 killed and wounded, and the rest captured. There were 22 guns of various descriptions, and a large quantity of ammunition, captured in the fort. That night I accompanied General Sherman in a small boat on a visit to General Hazen, to the fort, and thence down the river to the steamer. Here we learned that Captain Duncan and the two scouts that I had sent down the Ogeechee, on arriving at the Savannah canal, has succeeded in passing all obstructions and reached the fleet, and communicated with Admiral Dahlgren. Until now I had been uncertain as to the fate of the party. After the general had written several dispatches, we returned to General Hazen's quarters, feeling that our expedition had been completely successful, our supplies sure, and the possession of Savannah, not far distant. It having been intimated that our future plans would be modified by specific instructions from the Commander-in-Chief, General Sherman and his officers became

