
nah River, seemingly threatening in flank the movement of troops attempting to escape from Savannah. There are some points which I will explain in person as soon as I can ride over to see you. A messenger is just arrived from general Grant with dispatches of importance. Prepare for the rifled guns and get them into position as soon as possible. Let the engineer regiment continue to destroy the railroad, and cover their work up as far as the bridge, including if possible. After making some letters to-morrow I will come over to see you. Also get from the island in the river all the rice you can as forage for your horses. "

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

HENRY HITCHCOCK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Savannah, GA., December 15, 1864.

Brigadier General W. P. CARLIN and J. D. MORGAN,

Commanding First and Second Divisions, Fourteenth Army Corps:

A brigade from General Baird's division has been ordered to start from near General Baird's headquarters to-morrow, at 7 a. m., as guard and escort to foraging trains and parties from the different divisions. The expedition will proceed toward the Ogeechee River, and division commanders are authorized to make details of wagons and foragers to accompany it.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTER FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Before Savannah, GA., December 15, 1864.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

Commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding the corps directs that you detail one brigade to escort and guard foraging trains from the different divisions on a foraging expedition toward the Ogeechee River, the expedition to start from near your headquarters to-morrow at 7 a. m.

I have the honor to be, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,near Savannah, GA., December 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General JACKSON, Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: the general commanding the corps desires to have you watch well the enemy's batteries in your front, and report at once any movement of their artillery. It is possible that they may take away some of the pieces.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General,

(Same to General Geary, commanding Second Division.)

46 R R--VOL XLIV

