
send them. The 30-pounder Parrots have, I think, got the range of the road. Our battery that is to open at 800 yards on the railroad is, I find, commanded by a battery 400 yards from it. I dare not open until I get a slashing cut through the wood, to enable my batteries in camp to play on that of the enemy; I intend then to capture it. The whole command turned out and cheered General Sherman last night about 9 o'clock. One of our scouts heard one of the rebels say, "Uncle Abe must have issued a new proclamation. " Not bad. We will shut up the railroad by day after to-morrow, if not earlier. Kind regards to the madam.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

Our right battery, deserters tell me, cut the rails in three places. The scouts, who can hear talk on the railroad, assure me that the employees are dissatisfied at having to pass us. I shall send Lieutenant Harrold, New York Engineers, down in arrest. He is worse than useless, as he fills a place that a decent sergeant might occupy to advantage.

J. P. H.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., December 15, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN E. MULFORD,

Assistant Agent of Exchange:

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-General commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatches and rebel papers, and to return you his thanks for the same. General Fosters desires me to state that he is ready at any time for you to declare the truce at an end, and requests that you will inform Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig, commanding the Northern District, of the fact that hostilities may recommence at once. General Sherman has arrived. He called on General Foster on board the steamer Nemaha in the Ogeechee River about daylight yesterday morning. Fort McAllister, on the Ogeechee River, was assaulted by Hazen's division, of the Fifteenth Corps, and captured, with about 250 prisoners and 21 guns, with ammunition and stores. The Ogeechee River is now open to supplies for General Sherman's army. The railroads leading to Savannah are cut and the city invested, excepting the north side. General Sherman's army is in fine condition and in excellent spirits. They have lived on the country almost entirely during their march from Atlanta.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., December 15, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Commanding Northern District, Morris Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: The major-General commanding directs that as soon as Lieutenant Colonel John e. Mulford, assistant agent of exchange, notified you

