
because you did not treat those prisoners in accordance with your instructions, but because you permitted yourself to be complimented by our enemies for conduct that that same enemy would scorn to bestow on our prisoners in their hands., The major-General commanding directs that you immediately acknowledge the receipt of this letter, and state whether you received the letter of instructions of November 4, with the corrected copy of your General Order, Numbers 11.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Savannah, December 16, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commander-in-Chief, City Point, Va.

GENERAL: I received day before yesterday, at the hands of Lieutenant Dunn, your letter of December 3, and last night, at the hands of Colonel Babcock, that of December 6. I had previously made you a hasty scrawl from the tug-boat Dandelion, in Ogeeche River, advising you that the army had reached the sea-coast, destroying all railroads across the State of Georgia and investing closely the city of Savannah, and had made connection with the fleet. Since writing that not I have in person met and conferred with General Foster and Admiral Dahlgren, and made all the arrangements which I deemed essential to reducing the city of Savannah to our possession. But since the receipt of yours of the 6th I have initiated measures looking principally to coming to you with 50,000 or 60,000 infantry, and, incidentally, to take Savannah, if time will allow. At the time we carried fort McAllister by assault so handsomely, with its 22 guns and entire garrison, I was hardly aware of its importance; but since passing down the river with General Foster and up with Admiral Dahlgren I realize how admirably adapted are Ossabaw Sound and Ogeechee river to supply an army operating against Savannah. Sea-going vessels can easily come to King's Bridge, a point on Ogeechee River fourteen and a half miles west of Savannah, from which point we have roads leading to all our camps. The country is low and sandy, and cut up with marshes, which, in wet Weather, will be very bad; but we have been so favored with Weather than they are all now comparatively good, and heavy details are constantly employed in double corduroying the marshes, so than it have no fears even of a bad spell of Weather. Fortunately, also, by liberal and judicious foraging, we reached the sea-coast abundantly supplied with forage and provisions, needing nothing on arrival except bread; of this, we started from Atlanta provided with from eight to twenty days' supply per corps, and some of the troops only had one days' issue of bread during the trip to thirty days; and yet they did not want, for sweet potatoes were very abundant, as well as corn meal, and our soldiers took to them naturally.

We started with about 5,000 head of cattle and arrived with over 10,000; of course, consuming mostly turkeys, chickens, sheep, hogs, and the cattle of the country. As to our mules and horses, we left Atlanta with about 2,500 wagons, many of which were drawn by mules, which had not recovered from the Chattanooga starvation, all of which were replaced, the poor mules shot, and our transportation is now in superb condition. I have no doubt the State of Georgia has lost by our operations 15,000 first rate mules. As to horses, Kilpatrick collected all his

