
anxious to crown our success by the capture of Savannah. In order to accomplish this every exertion was made. Heavy guns were brought from Hilton Head and McAllister and placed in position, the lines were worked up closer to the enemy, along the dikes, good batteries constructed for small guns, and every part of the front of Generals Osterhaus and Blair thoroughly reconnoitered; light bridges were constructed and fascines made, so as to span the streams and fill up the ditches; in brief, every possible preparation was made to assault the enemy's works. The same was the case along General Slocum's front. Two, at least, of my division commanders felt perfectly confident of success in case the assault should be made. While these preparations were going on, the General-in-chief, having demanded the surrender of Savannah on the 18th instant, and having been refused, had gone to the fleet in order to secure co-operation from the admiral and General Foster in the contemplated attack. He left directions to get ready, but not to strike till his return.

The morning of the 21st, about sunrise, Brigadier-General Leggett reported that the enemy had evacuated his front. Soon the same report came from General Slocum and from other officers. General Slocum moved at once and took possession of Savannah, the enemy having withdrawn to the South Carolina shore. He had abandoned heavy guns in all the works on my front, in town, and at the different forts on the coast. Until now our depot had been at King's Bridge, where the army had built a good wharf and corduroyed the main road thereto from our front for the most of the way. Besides, the railroad between the Ogeechee and the Altamaha was completely destroyed-Brigadier-General Hazen having the eastern and Major-General Mower the western half. This work was completely done, as directed in Special Field Orders, Numbers 133, from your headquarters.

I have only attempted to touch upon the work really accomplished by the Right Wing of the army, and have purposely abstained from discussing the contemplated objects of the campaign. The former is best told in the accompanying statistical record, and the latter are already evinced in the growing confidence of our army in a speedy and complete success.

I wish to acknowledge my obligations to Major-General Osterhaus, commanding Fifteenth Corps, for his great activity and energy displayed during the entire campaign.

To Major-General Blair, commanding Seventeenth Corps, I feel specially indebted for his hearty co-operation at all times, and for his successful accomplishment of the work allotted to his command.

I here name again the division commanders: Major General J. A. Mower, Brigadier General C. R. Woods, Brigadier General John E. Smith, Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, Brigadier General W. B. Hazen, Brigadier General J. M. Corse, Brigadier General Giles A. Smith. I cannot express too high commendation of these officers, who have worked vigorously, early and late, without flagging, to keep their commands in order, to accomplish the marches, to bridge creek and rivers, to fight battles, destroy railroads; in short, who were ready, without question or hesitation, to set on foot and carry through the varied labors given into their charge.

I wish further to tender to brigade commanders and to other officers and soldiers of this army something of the deep sense of obligation I feel toward them, and commend them to the commander-in-chief, and through him to the country, for cheerfulness, for constancy, for ability, and for distinguished gallantry.

