
ion to destroy the Gulf road from Station 3 to the Atlamaha River and one brigade of General Smith's division to King's Bridge to unload transports.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 308. Near Savannah, GA., December 16, 1864.

I. Brigadier General G. A. Smith, commanding Forth Division, will send the First Brigade of his command, Colonel B. F. Potts commanding, to encamp at King's Bridge. They will proceed there forthwith, and report to General Easton, chief quartermaster Military Division of the Mississippi.

II. Lieutenant Colonel A. Hickenlooper, assistant inspector-General, Seventeenth Army Corps, is hereby placed in charge of the building of the wharf at King's Bridge. The First Missouri Engineers, Lieutenant-Colonel Twenddale commanding, will report to him for orders.

III. In compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 196, department headquarters (copy inclosed),*Major-General Mower, commanding First Division, will move the two brigades of his command now in camp to a point twenty miles west of the Ogeechee River, on the Gulf road, and will, in concert with General Kilpatrick, destroy the road from there to and including the bridge over the Altamaha River. He will take with him one section of artillery, and will leave in camp his transportation, moving as lightly as possible. He will take three days' rations, and will live as far as possible off the country.

* * *

V. Colonel George E. Spencer, commanding First Alabama Cavalry, will, at 7 a. m. to-morrow, move out on the road to Station 3, on the Gulf railroad, and on overtaking Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will report to him, and be subject to his orders during the time General Mower is absent destroying the road.

* * *

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Near Savannah, GA., December 16, 1864.

Major General J. A. MOWER,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: the major-General commanding directs me to say to you that you will have to proceed without rations. You will be able to procure plenty in the section to which you are going. You may take six wagons of infantry ammunition. It will be necessary to return within the time limited, and to expedite the destruction of the road you cans end the First Alabama Cavalry to the other end to do the work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 730.

---------------

