SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST. DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 170. Near Savannah, GA., December 16, 1864.

I. In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 308, headquarters Seventeenth Army Corps, of this date, the first Brigade, Brigadier General J. W. Fuller commanding, and the Third Brigade, colonel John Tillson commanding, and one section of Battery C, First Michigan Artillery, of this command, will be prepared to march immediately. The troops will move light. One ambulance and one wagon will be taken by each regiment. The artillery will take one wagon-load of ammunition. No other wagons allowed. Three days' rations will be drawn upon the arrival of the troops at the river.

* * *

III. Lieutenant William E. Ells, acting commissary of subsistence of this division, will remain back in his present camp; but should supplies arrive here for the troops within five days from this date he will bring the necessary supplies forward to this command wherever it may be on the Gulf railroad.

By order of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

CHAS. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Near Savannah, GA., December 16, 1864.

Colonel THOMAS CURLY,

Commanding at Cheves' Mill:

The major-General commanding directs me to instruct you to cause to be procured from the Cheves' and all other plantations on the river between Fort McAllister and King's Bridge all the small boats of whatsoever description you can find, and send them to King's 1062ridge, to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Hickenlooper, of General Blair's staff, or officer in charge of construction of wharves at that point, with as little delay as possible. Should there be more boats at Fort McAllister than are necessary for use at that place you will take them also.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,December 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General MORGAN,

Commanding Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Carlin reports that the enemy is working to establish a battery within range of the right of your picket-line, and that your pickets report that they could dislodge the working party if they had not orders to hold their fire. Please give orders to your pickets to stop this work, if it prove true that the work being erected is within range.

Yours, very respectfully,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

