
[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Near Savannah, GA., December 16, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Brigadier General James D. Morgan, with the statement that the pickets of this brigade have at no time been ordered to hold their fire at all times, but, on the contrary, to fire upon the enemy whenever, in their judgment, their fire could be made effective and good accomplished.

I have the honor to be, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. PEARCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Savannah, GA., December 16, 1864.

Colonel E. A. CARMAN,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-General commanding the corps directs that you cross your command to the South Carolina side of the Savannah River to-morrow morning. You will commence the movement before daylight. He directs that you use at first, until a sufficient number of troops have been crossed to drive away or silence the battery, only the small boats; as soon as it is safe to do so, you will use the flat-boats and barges. He further directs that you have the second piece of artillery crossed to-night and put in position near where the one is that was crossed to-day. He also directs that you have all the flat-boats, barges, &amp;c., taken around to the north side of the island to-night, so that they may be in readiness to cross the troops. He also directs that, after you have crossed, you occupy and hold a position near the river, not attempting to advance far into the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Savannah, GA., December 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: In accordance with directions from the brigadier-General commanding the corps, the order for Colonel Carman to cross his brigade to the South Carolina side of the Savannah River to-morrow morning is hereby countermanded. The general commanding directs that you have him send over a force of 90 or 100 men, in small boats, to effect a lodgment, if possible, and feel the enemy's position. He wishes him to take only such force as can be readily brought back in case the enemy is too strong for them. he also desires that Colonel Carman will send reconnoitering parties up the island, to examine the country and channel, and see if a crossing can be effected farther up the river; it may, perhaps, be well to send a small boat or two with this party. The two piece of artillery will be put in position near the mill, as directed in the former order. The general desires to have one-half of

