
the flat-boats brought to this side of the island, the other half to be kept on the north side, in the vicinity of the mill, where they can be sheltered as much as possible.

I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TWENTIETH CORPS,Argyle Island, GA., December 16, 1864.

Lieutenant GEORGE ROBINSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report, that I have made my arrangements to cross my brigade to the main South Carolina shore, if deemed advisable. General Jackson, desired me to advance my skirmishers on the enemy at daybreak; and, I understood him to say, to support it with two or three regiments, if deemed advisable. I would respectfully ask, if I succeed in getting a lodgment with my skirmishers and two regiments, if I am to cross my whole brigade without further orders, or act on my judgment?

I am, very respectfully,

E. A. CARMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,

Argyle Island, GA., December 16, 1864.

This command will be in readiness to move at 4. 30 a. m. to-morrow. Colonel William Hawley, third Wisconsin Volunteers, and Colonel William Cogswell, Second Massachusetts Volunteers, will each detail one commissioned officer and fifty enlisted men, under command of a competent officer from the Third Wisconsin volunteers who is acquainted with the country on the north side of the river, to cross in small boats at 5 a. m. precisely; they will act as skirmishers. the third Wisconsin Volunteers, Second Massachusetts Volunteers, One hundred and fiftieth Nework Volunteers, One hundred and seventh Nework Volunteers, and Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers will follow in barges in the order named. Each regiment will carry two axes and twenty shovels. Regiments that are not already supplied can procure the tools by sending to these headquarters early in the morning. Colonel William Hawley, Third Wisconsin Volunteers, will report to the commanding officer of the brigade, at 5 a. m. to-morrow, as commanding officer of the advance.

By command of Colonel E. A. Carman, commanding brigade:

J. R. LINDSAY,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Steamer Nemaha, Ogeechee River, GA., December 16, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding:

GENERAL: On my way up to-day I sounded the river, obtained two good pilots, one of whom is on the Island City, and removed a pier and the burnt rubbish of the railroad bridge so as to permit vessels to pass. Between that bridge and this point there is only seven feet of water at

