
your army," &amp;c. The position of your forces, a half a mile beyond the outer line for the land defenses of Savannah, is, at the nearest point, at least four miles from the heart of the city. That and the interior line are both intact. Your statement that you "have for some days held and controlled every avenue by which the people and garrison can be supplied" is incorrect. I am in free and constant communication with my department. Your demand for the surrender of Savannah and its dependent forts is refused. With respect to the threats conveyed in the closing paragraphs of your letter, of what may be expected in case your demand is not complied with, I have to say that I have to say that I have hitherto conducted the military operations intrusted to my direction in strict accordance with the rules of civilized warfare, and I should deeply regret the adoption of any course by you that may force me to deviate from them in future.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Anderson's Plantation, GA., December 17, 1864.

Brigadier General C. R. WOODS,

Commanding First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will cause a detail to be made from your command for the purpose of covering that portion of the Savannah road corduroyed by pioneer corps with at least six inches of sand, d&c. The road being a double one, the task of the several divisions will be as follows: To the First Division will be assigned the north side to the bridge; and to the Third Division that portion of the orad corduroyed beyond the bridge; and also an officer of pioneer corps to superintend the extra working detail.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Savannah, GA., December 17, 1864.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

Commanding third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you detail a large regiment from your command, with instructions to support and protect the First Michigan Engineers while engaged in tearing up the railroad above Station Numbers 1 (or Pooler), on the Georgia Central Railroad. Major Yates, the commanding officer of the First Michigan Engineers, will be found at or near Pooler. The commanding officer of the regiment detailed will see and consult with him in regard to position.

I have the honor to be, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

