
Much praise is due Lieutenant Colonel William Tweeddale for the aid he afforded the chief engineer in building wagon and foot bridges across the rivers that we met.

I tender my thanks to Admiral Dahlgren and Major-General Foster for their courtesy and the assistance they rendered me in the operations near Savannah.

I wish to bring before the commander-in-chief the names of my staff, who so materially gave me assistance during the campaign:

Lieutenant Colonel William E. Strong, assistant inspector-General and chief of staff, ever afforded me the most cheerful and ready assistance. He always accompanied one or the other of the columns en route, and used every exertion to have my orders out in letter and spirit.

Captain S. L. Taggart, assistant adjutant-General, aided by Captain W. Bedford, were never too weary to issue clear and distinct orders after the day's march, and otherwise constantly afforded me aid in bearing dispatches.

Captain C. B. Reese, chief engineer, with the assistance of Lieutenant Stickney, have always received my warm commendations for their untiring activity, both in engineering and topographical duty. He collated information with regard to different roads, furnished me good maps when needed, and superintended the laying of pontoons, and the rebuilding of bridges over rivers and creeks in our route.

Major T. W. Osborn, chief of artillery, aided by Major M. V. Z. Woodhull, assistant adjutant-General, and Lieutenant W. N. Taylor, aide-de-camp, were constant in their exertions to mobilize the artillery, and keep the animals and material in perfect order. Major Osborn always ably assisted me in using the artillery on the field, and I always found him and his officers able and hearty co-operators, frequently giving me material aid not connected with that special department. Whenever an opportunity has afforded, our batteries have been located, intrenched, and handled in the most skillful manner. Quite brisk artillery duels transpired after our investment of Savannah, where my attention was more particularly called to the artillery of the command, and when I have had occasion to admire the skill and bravery of its officers and men.

Major E. Whittlesey, judge-advocate of the department, has afforded me substantial aid by carefully revising all the courts-martial and records of military commissions, besides doing ably other important duties connected with different department of the service.

Captain D. H. Buel, chief of ordnance, receives my commendations for his carefulness in regulating the ordnance supplies in such manner as to occasion me no trouble or anxiety.

Captain E. P. Pearson, Jr., commissary of musters, assisted me heartily in various ways during the campaign, and always has performed the duties of his department with fidelity and the clearest apprehension of its requirements.

My chief quartermaster, Colonel J. T. Conklin, has performed cheerfully all the duties devolving upon him, omitting no exertion to procure animals and forage as needed.

My chief commissary, Lieutenant Colonel David Remick, has anticipated the wants of the command and regulated the supply in such manner that no real want has been left by any soldier of this such army during our lengthy campaign. I commend him for cheerfulness, fidelity, and ability, in discharging the duties of his department.

Captain D. W. Whittle, assistant provost-marshal-General, receives my hearty approbation for his activity in discharging the public duties of

