
the pontoon bridge materials. Perhaps it would be well for you to send two or three officers over to examine these fascines, as they may be useful on your line. I hope every brigade commander on your front will make a most careful examination of the lines in his front, and be prepared for the work. I shall order Williams to bring to the front all of the brigade now guarding our rear, except one regiment. About one-third of his command will be held in reserve at our present line. Works have already been constructed for all his artillery, and I intend he shall use all of it for fifteen or twenty minutes before he advances his infantry. I will try to see you to-morrow or next day.

Yours, &amp;c.,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia, Numbers 208. Before Savannah, GA., December 18, 1864.

* * *

III. First Lieutenant Stephen G. Grubb, Battery C, First Illinois Artillery, is hereby appointed ordnance officer of the corps (vice Captain George Estep, who is about to be mustered out of the service), and will report to Major Charles Houghtaling, chief of artillery, fourteenth Army Corps.

By command of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS,

Near Savannah, GA., December 18, 1864.

Colonel D. Miles, commanding Third Brigade, will relieve Colonel J. H. Brigham's (Second Brigade) quietly and without attracting the notice of the enemy at daylight to-morrow morning, the 19th instant.

Colonel J. H. Brigham, upon being relieved by Colonel Miles' command, will encamp his brigade on the ground now occupied by Colonel Miles' command, withdrawing his troops cautiously.

By order of Brigadier General W. P. Carlin:

G. W. SMITH,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Before Savannah, GA., December 18, 1864.

Commanders of divisions will reconnoiter by day and night all roads and approaches to their lines from the enemy's position, using for this object of these examinations is to ascertain eery avenue to the line reports of their investigations.

By command of Brigadier General A. S. Williams:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

