
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 20TH CORPS,

Argyle Island, GA., December 18, 1864.

This command will be in readiness to move at 5. 30 a. m. to-morrow. The Third Wisconsin Volunteers and Second Massachusetts Volunteers will cross the river to the South Carolina shore at 6 a. m. ; the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers will follow as support. Colonel William Hawley, Third Wisconsin Volunteers, will take command of the three regiments above-named, and will receive detailed instructions from the brigadier-General commanding the division to-night. The above-named regiments will leave their knapsacks upon this side. They will carry the extra twenty rounds of ammunition upon their persons. The One hundred and seventh New York and One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers will relieve the three regiments above-named in their present work at 6 a. m. Lieutenant-Colonel Sill, One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, will leave one company in his present camp.

By command of Colonel E. A. Carman, commanding brigade:

J. R. LINDSAY,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Savannah, GA., December 18, 1864.

Brigadier General J. W. GEARY,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires to meet yourself and your brigade commanders at these headquarters to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Brigadier General W. T. Ward, commanding Third Division.)

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. MILITARY DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

In the Field, near Savannah, GA., December 18, 1864-8 a. m.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: In compliance with the plan I indicated to you some days since, I made a demand during yesterday on General Hardee for the surrender of the city of Savannah and its dependent forts, and to-day received his answer declining to accede. You are aware that I am ordered to carry this army to Virginia by sea, but I hope still to be able to get possession of Savannah before sufficient transportation can be had to enable me to comply with General Grant's orders. The 30-pounder Parrotts which you sent me are now being hauled to batteries prepared for them, and in about two days' time, if we can possibly get the ground to stand upon, we shall assault the enemy's lines at four or more points. It is all important that the railroad and telegraph wire should be broken between the Savannah River and Charleston, and the very best point is where your force is represented to be, near the Tullifinny. It seems to me that our operations here, espe-

