
In a few moments I heard the rallying call of the bugle, and a moment after the bugle pealed out the charge, and in a very few moments the troops were swarming over the parapets, which were perfectly black with them, and loud cheers filled the air.

I then received the following message:

General FOSTER:

Foster McAllister is ours. Look for a bout. General Sherman will come down to-night.

HOWARD,

General.

It was then getting dark and too dark to see a flag, and not having any torches with me, and desiring to send dispatch to General Foster and Admiral Daglgren, I turned about and returned with the tug to the Flag, where I wrote my dispatches, which were immediately sent. I then returned to the obstructions just below Fort McAllister and anchored, and in a short time a small boat was seen approaching, which was hailed. "What boat is that?" The answering response came back: "Sherman. " And the boat cam alongside, and Generals Sherman and Howard came on board and were welcomed with twice three cheers by those on board. I then told General Sherman of General Foster's efforts to open communication with him, and that I had sent dispatches to him. They remained on board until about midnight, General Sherman writing his dispatches to General Halleck, and also writing to General Foster and Admiral Dahlgren. I then accompanied them back to the fort, and proceeded around the fort with them. After spending half an hour at the fort I returned to the tug and started down the river with the dispatches for General Foster and Admiral Dahlgren. Had got down nearly to the mouth of the river when we me the U. S. revenue cutter Nemaha coming up. I then went aboard and reported to General Foster, and had my party transferred from the tug to the Nemaha, the General's flag-ship. We then proceeded up the river again until we arrived just below the obstructions, when I signaled to the fort:

McCLINTOCK:

General Foster is here, and would like to see General Sherman.

FISHER,

Lieutenant.

I will send form him. He has gone to General Howard's headquarters at Gr's Creek.

McCLINTOCK.

How far off?

FISHER,

Lieutenant.

Not more than a mile.

McCLINTOCK.

O. K.

FISHER.

General FOSTER:

General Sherman will come to the fort as soon as he can.

McCLINTOCK.

A boat was then sent to the fort, and returned with General Sherman to the Nemaha. We then started down the river again-it was about daybreak of the 14th instant-and proceeded out to Ossabaw

48 R R-VOL XLIV

