
Sound into Wassaw Sound, where we arrived about 11 o'clock 14th instant, and found Admiral Dahlgren, who came aboard and remained for an hour or more; and then General Sherman went aboard the Harvest Moon, the admiral's flag-ship, and returned with him to Ossabaw Sound and to his army, while we returned to Hilton Head, where we arrived at about 6 p. m.

In concluding my report I take great pleasure in making honorable mention of the gallant conduct of both Sergeant Hardy and Private Smedes, who accompanied me upon the reconnaissance, and who I would recommend to your favorable consideration.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE A. FISHER,

First Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

CITY POINT, VA., December 19, 1864-3. 30 p. m.

Honorable . M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

On reflection, I think it would have a good effect to allow Sherman's letter to General Halleck, except such facts as refer to future movements, to be published. It is refreshing to see a commander after a campaign of more than seven months's duration ready for still further operations, and without wanting any outfit or rest.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 19, 1864-3. 50 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Fort Monroe, or City Point:

The steamer Louise, about to leave here for Hilton Head, has orders to touch at Fort Monroe for dispatches. As this vessel will probably reach Sherman several days before Major Anderson from New York, I suggest the propriety of sending a copy of your dispatch of yesterday by her. Could you not telegraph it to Fort Monroe in cipher?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., December 19, 1864.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

While North I met a number of our officer who had just been paroled from Columbia, S. C. The informed me that they understood before leaving that our prisoners who were in the line of your march had generally been removed to Florida. If this is the case Foster might send an expedition to rescue them. Jeff. Davis is said to be very sick; in fact, deserters report his death. The people had a rumor that he took poison in a fit of despondency over the military situation. Of course I credit no part of this, except that Davis is very sick, and do not suppose his reflections on military matters soothe him any.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

