HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Savannah, GA., December 19, 1864.

Brigadier General J. W. SPRAGUE,

Commanding Second Brigade, First Division:

GENERAL: I have referred your communication of this morning to the major-General commanding, and he directs me to say to you that your command was sent to King's Bridge to take the place of Colonel Pott's brigade in furnishing such details as General Easton, chief quartermaster, might call on you for to unload vessels. Colonel Beckwith cannot order the First Brigade, Fourth Division, to remain at the bridge, nor can he take command of your troops, or any others. The First Brigade, Fourth Division, is ordered to the front to take part with the rest of the Fourth Division in the assault on Savannah. Colonel Beckwith can have all the men necessary to perform the work he has in hand from your command, and he must not assume the responsibility of detaining troops from their part in the coming assault.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,King's Bridge, December 19, 1864.

Captain C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPTAIN: Your dispatch just received. After sending my note this a. m. I met General Sherman, and he dictated in person the following order. *

I am consequently on the way to my former position with one regiment; the other is to escort supplies to Major-General Mower, and will leave the bridge to-morrow. After giving me the order copied herein General Sherman said he wanted a battery to report to me, and would send the order to General Howard. The boat was waiting for him, and he may have neglected to send the order.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. SPRAGUE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Before Savannah, December 19, 1864.

Captain J. C. DOUGLASS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the firing on the left this morning is occasioned by General Belknap's brigade moving into position on the ground lately held by the Eighty-eighty Indiana. His skirmish line advanced into the open field in front of the rebel forgone battery on Larkin's plantation, and took position on the crest of the hill. The rebel pickets fell back beyond the water. Musketry then ceased, and the rebels began shelling the woods.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. FORCE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Brigade.

---------------

*See Hitchcock to Sprague, 12 m., p. 758

---------------

