
son directing General Sprague, who had arrived here to relieve you, to return with his command. You will, therefore, adhere to the order of Major-General Sherman given you this morning in writing.

By command of Major General W. T. Sherman:

A. BECKWITH,

Colonel, Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Chief Qrmr. Mil. Div. of the Miss.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Savannah, GA., December 19, 1864.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: The General-in-chief has gone to the Bay. He directs me to further instruct you to push the preparation for the attack of the defenses of Savannah as rapidly as possible, and then await further directions before doing more. He will endeavor to get co-operation from Admiral Dahlgren and General Foster, with whom he will confer before returning. If, in the meantime, anything should occur that you would wish to communicate to hi, please send to me and I will forward.

I am, General, with respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,Before Savannah, GA., December 19, 1864.

Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

The major-General commanding desires you to detail one regiment, of at least 350 men, to report to Colonel Beckwith, chief commissary, at King's Bridge, for fatigue duty, and, if possible, send fifty negroes with them, the whole to constitute a permanent fatigue party. General Williams will furnish a like detail.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Before Savannah, GA., December 19, 1864.

In view of active operations against the city of Savannah which will probably be inaugurated, division commanders will at once prepare their commands and hold them in readiness for an attack. Generals Carlin and Morgan will make thorough reconnaissances of the grounds in their front; examine the approaches of the enemy's works which give the greatest promise of successful assault, and make full reports to these headquarters by 12 m. to-morrow. Fascines, planks, &amp;c., and whatever may assist in the passage of swamps, ditches, and other intervening obstacles, will be immediately prepared.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

