
detached a lieutenant and fifteen men to come back on the road with a wagon sent for that purpose gather up telegraph wire. The expedition then proceeded toward Redoubt No. 1, on the route traveled by the Fourteenth Corps, and about 400 yards beyond the redoubt encountered a rebel outpost, who fired into the advance and retreated, and fired into them again as we advanced still farther. Making inquiries near mile post 16 I learned that the sweet potatoes had been carried away on the preceding Friday by the rebels, and learned that the rebels were encamped in considerable force between mile posts 17 and 18. I then turned off to the left, in the direction of the Middle Ground road, designing to strike the road formerly traveled by the Twentieth Corps, but was encountered by a rebel picket on the first road that I come to, at Mrs. Davis' plantation, and upon inquiring of her I learned that there was a body of 600 rebels within a mile of her house. I then turned to the left and reached the road we had gone out on, at Redoubt No. 1, where, finding no prospect of forage, I returned to camp without further molestation. I am glad to report that no one of the expedition was injured, and that one prisoner was captured, whom I have delivered to the provost-marshal.

Respectfully, submitted,

JOHN B. LE SAGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel 101st Illinois Vols., Commanding Expedition.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Savannah, GA., December 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Corps:

COLONEL: In accordance with orders received yesterday, I have the honor to report that after careful investigation, I do not discover anything not know before respecting the enemy's position in my front and the roads or avenues of approach leading from my line to theirs.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Near Savannah, GA., December 19, 1864.

Colonel ARIO PARDEE, Jr.,

Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding division directs that you take charge of the work on Fort No. 2, and push it if possible to completion by morning, keeping as many men as can be worked constantly busy. He wishes the working parties thoroughly organized the most efficient manner before dark, and the officers in charge of them to be held responsible that they do not neglect their work, as was the case last night. The working detail he wishes to be under command of an energetic field officer who understands the work.

I am, Colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. FORBES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

