
its division. General Sherman's orders said as soon as the four regiments reported to you that brigade would be relieved. Have the kindness to relieve it and oblige.

Yours, respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Savannah, GA., December 20, 1864.

Major-General OSTERHAUS,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Corse requested the privilege of raising a negro regiment for his division for the purpose of pioneer duty, details for work in the quartermaster's and commissary departments, &amp;c. I will approve the raising of two negro regiments, one for each army corps, for the purposes above specified, and give the provisional appointments of such officers as the corps commanders may recommend, subject to the approval of the War Department. Each regiment must be denominated Pioneer Battalion, in conformity with Special Field Orders, Numbers 120, Military Division of the Mississippi, and must be paid as pioneers are now paid, should the War Department fail to approve my action.

Respectfully, &c.,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

(Same to Major General F. P. Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps.)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Anderson's Plantation, GA., December 20, 1864.

Major STOLBRAND,

Chief of Artillery, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: You will please order the following distribution of the artillery to assist in the expect assault on the rebel lines: Savannah road battery, four 12-pounder guns; Cemetery battery, two 12-pounder guns; Lone Tree battery, four 20-pounder guns; Railroad battery, John E. Smith, two 3-inch guns; Barbette battery (to the right of), two 12-pounder guns. The remaining pieces, to wit, one section 12-pounders guns, one section 3-inch guns, will be kept in reserve, and for that purpose placed near the breast-works on General Corse's right near the causeway. They will be kept ready to be thrown to any point where they may be needed. Order the battery commanders to whom the different positions will be assigned to prepare substantial platforms and secure magazines, and to get everything ready to meet any emergency.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General.

