
have been made to find fifty negroes in the corps who could be sent with the regiment, but without effect as all the unemployed negroes had already been sent, 544 in number, and a large proportion of them able-bodied men.

I have the honor to be, Colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Savannah, GA., December 20, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel McCLURG,

Asst. Adjut. General and Chief of Staff, 14th Army Corps:

SIR: In compliance with circular from corps headquarters, dated December 10, 1864, I have the honor that I made a personal examination of my lines with reference to finding some point from which an assault could be made upon the enemy's works. I am sorry to say that I have no place from which one could be made with any reasonable hope of success. Inclosed herewith please find map* of my position. Running diagonally across my entire fort is a deep and, to an army, impenetrable swamp; on my left is the Milledgeville road, running nearly perpendicular to my front; the road is commanded by a well-constructed fort, with abatis and other obstructions in front, the water of the swamp over and across the road for some eighty yards, depth not know. To advance a column by the flank upon this road without any ground for deployment, under a heavy fire, would be a useless destruction of life, without a correspondence advantage. On my left is the canal: the only approach by this flank is the tow-path, with undoubles files, and advance heavy fire from more than one battery. I have ordered a section of Lieutenant Rich's battery to be placed in position on Milledgeville road, about 300 yards from rebel battery. Fascines are being constructed as ordered, also foot bridges across the canal.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Before Savannah, GA., December 20, 1864.

Colonel BUELL,

Commanding Pontoon Train:

COLONEL: I am directed by the brigadier-General commanding the corps to request you to send two wagon-loads of balks to Brigadier-General Geary, commanding Second Division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

49 R R-VOL XLIV

