
country through which we passed, it being densely wooded and quite level. Yet the detachment rendered valuable service upon the march by scouting, carrying information regarding roads, rivers, ferries, &amp;c. In one instance a detachment, of which Lieutenant Sampson and ten men formed the greater part, was sent out by the General commanding to destroy a bridge on the Gulf railroad, but after proceeding some thirty miles was compelled to abandon the project, having met the enemy in greatly superior numbers. A rocket code was also established by Captain Bachtell, chief signal officer military division, for the purpose of transmitting information from the different corps to the general commanding the grand army, and used when occasion required.

On the 10th of December, under orders from the general commanding, I accompanied a party to reconnoiter the country between the Ogeechee Rivers, with a view of opening communication with the fleet, which was supposedcinity of Ossabaw Sound, but failed to see anything of our vessels. On the 11th Lieutenant Sampson and myself established a station of observation at a rice mill on the Great Ogeechee two miles and a half north of Fort McAllister. From this point we obtained a good view of the rebel works on the Little Ogeechee, also part of the sound; and to the 13th a strict watch was kept during the day, while rockets were sent up at certain intervals through the night to attract, if possible, the attention of any vessel that might be in the sound near the mouth of the river. The sub-detachments, in charge of Lieutenants Sherfy and Dunlap, also put forth their efforts in a similar manner, but all was apparently of no avail. On the 13th Lieutenant Sherfy and party accompanied the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, Brigadier-General Hazen commanding, which moved across the river and attacked Fort McAllister. Upon arriving near the fort he opened communication with the mill station, and during the engagement several important messages were transmitted. The rice mill being a good position from which to observe the operations at the fort, there were consequently a number of general officers assembled at this point, and among them were Generals Sherman and Howard. About 2 p. m. a vessel was discovered in the sound, which finally moved up the river to within calling distance. We then opened with her, and messages were then exchanged between General Sherman and General Foster and Admiral Dahlgren. After the fall of the fort Lieutenant Sherfy moved his station to it, and again established communication with us. This line, by direction of the general commanding, was to be kept open until further orders. While in communication with Lieutenant Sherfy and the vessel we received great assistance from Lieutenants Ware and Kelly, who had arrived with the general just before the commencement of the fight at the fort.

On the 14th Lieutenant Sampson and myself returned to headquarters, leaving Lieutenants Dunlap and Kelly to work the station. On the 17th I received orders from Captain Bachtell to extend the line to General Sherman's headquarters, due north from the fort. Lieutenant Sherfy was placed in charge, and opened it as soon as practicable. Length of line when completed twelve miles, with three intermediate repeating stations. On the 19th Lieutenant Dunlap reconnoitered the country between the fort and King's Bridge, fifteen miles up the river. At that place supplies for the army were to be landed, and communication between the points was necessary for the benefit of the commissary and quartermaster. On the 20th, having reported favorably

