
no trains have passed since. The ground is so bad that I can not get the 30-pounders there. I have a platform laid down for one 30-pounders that will reach the railroad at a range of 1,300 yards. Am not firing now, as we are out of all kinds of ammunition, except that for our muskets; have sent to the Head for more, but no attention is paid to our requisitions, or no transportation is furnished to bring it up. Have put two more regiments on Mackay's Neck. Intend making a feint there, but hope to cross the main force over the Coosawhatchie and assault the fort in the rear. To-day the Thirty-third [U. S. Colored] had an affair two miles and a half from Jenkin's plantation. They dispersed a force of 300 of the enemy, capturing their camp and blankets, but getting no prisoners. They lost 2 killed and 9 wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

I hope you will find time to make us a visit.

J. P. H.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., December 20, 1864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that nothing of especial importance has occurred within the command since my last communication. The enemy on my from have remained exceedingly quiet, and no movement has been attempted on my part.

I have the honor to be, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, December 21, 1864-9 a. m.

[General W. T. SHERMAN:]

DEAR GENERAL: I have sent you two dispatches via Fort McAllister in hopes of reaching you. General Slocum reports enemy gone from his front and he has got eight guns-this report at 4 a. m. He is also gone from this front and General Howard reports Leggett near the city, and no enemy. General Woods also got six guns. General Slocum is moving and General Howard the same and I have no doubt both are in Savannah now. I will ride with General Howard, at his request, and leave our camp until the matter is more definite and you make orders.

I am, General, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

