
road, facing southeast; one brigade of Second Division in rear of First Division, and remainder of division garrisoning Fort McAllister and destroying Gulf railroad.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort McAllister, GA., December 21, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Tennessee:

I have the honor to report the Gulf railroad, from a point near Walthourville, twenty-two miles from the Ogeechee River, to within two miles of that stream, thoroughly destroyed, and the remainder will be by sunset to day. The rails are all twisted and the ties all burned. In obedience to orders from headquarters Fifteenth Corps one of the brigades will be sent direct from railroad with extra ammunition and rations for service in from of the enemy's lines.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Savannah, GA., December 21, 1864.

Brigadier General W. B. HAZEN,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-General commanding directs me to say that Savannah was evacuated during last night and occupied by our forces this a. m. The enemy left quite a number of guns and a large quantity of military stores of all kinds. The general directs that you hold your command in its present position until further orders. The bridge ordered to be sent forward can remain with its division and encamp at any convenient place near King's Bridge.

I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, NO. 258.
Station No. 1, Gulf Railroad, GA., December 21, 1864.

I. This command will move at once in the following order: First, pioneer corps and tool wagons; second, Second Brigade; third, four regiments of First Brigade; fourth, ammunition train; fifth, division headquarters train and provost-guard; sixth, pioneer corps wagons; seventh Second Brigade train, including regimental wagons; ninth, quartermaster's train; tenth, commissary of subsistence train; eleventh, ambulance corps, except ambulance assigned to regiments and detachments; twelfth, one regiment First Brigade, rear guard. One ambulance will follow each regiment and pioneer corps.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

S. M. BUDLONG,Assistant Adjutant-General.

