HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING. ARMY OF Georgia,December 21, 1864-4 a. m.

General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The enemy has abandoned his exterior line in from of the Twentieth Corps, and has probably evacuated the city, as he left eight guns in one of the works in our front. Move your command forward and see if there is anything in your front.

Yours, very respectfully,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, NO. 28. Before Savannah, GA., December 21, 1864.

The corps will move to-morrow, to go into camp near Savannah, in the following order:

General Carlin will march at 7. 30 a. m., move down the canal on the south bank until he reaches the road crossing the canal about three miles from Savannah; he will then take the right-hand road, move to the next crossing, and there take the road leading east, and will go into camp on the south of this road. A staff officer will be prepared to show him the position more definitely.

General Morgan will move at 7. 30 a. m. upon the main Savannah road to the cross-road about three miles from Savannah; he will there take the right-hand, cross the canal, and go into camp between General Carlin and the canal.

General Baird will march east upon the main Savannah road as soon as General Morgan's trains have cleared the road, and will go into camp in line with Generals Carlin, and Morgan between the Savannah and Louisville road and the canal.

The corps will be arranged in as perfect order, in accordance with prescribed regulations, as the ground will admit of, and will be faced west and southwest. The picket-lines will be formed, in the old rebel works under the supervision of the corps inspector, Lieutenant Litchfield.

The trains and artillery will be parked in the rear of their respective divisions as compactly as possible, and Generals Carlin and Morgan will thoroughly repair the roads upon which their respective divisions move.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,December 21, 1864.

Colonel MILES, Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: Advance your skirmish line in the direction of the city of Savannah, going as far as it can, supported by a regiment of your brigade. Direct the commanding officer to send you reports of our own or the enemy's troops when necessary.

By order of General Carlin:

G. W. SMITH,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

