
the Savannah River, having been assigned to the command for quarters and government, it is hereby subdivided as follows: Sub-District No. 1, bounded east by Bull street, south by South Broad street, west by West Broad, street, north by the Savannah River, is assigned to the One hundred and second New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel H. S. Chatfield, commanding; Sub-District No. 2, bounded east by Bull street, south by Jones street, west by West Broad street, north by South Broad street, is assigned to the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. Walker commanding; Sub-District No. 3, bounded east by West Broad street, south by Jones street, west by the canal and city limits, north by Margaret street, is assigned to the Sixtieth New York Volunteers, Major Thomas Elliott commanding; Sub District No. 4, bounded east by West Broad street, south by Margaret street, west by the canal, north by Bryan street, is assigned to the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, Major N. Grumbach commanding; Sub-District No. 5, bounded east by West Broad street, south by Bryan street, west by the canal, and north by the Savannah River, is assigned to the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel S. M. Zulich commanding. Commanders of these sub-district will at once place their commands within their prescribed limits and established thorough patrols through all the principal streets and protect all peaceable persons and public and private property, quell all disturbances, arresting all disorderly persons and turning them over to the brigade provost guard. Unoccupied buildings may be taken as quarters for officers and men. Regimental commanders will quarter their different companies throughout their district and at the best and most convenient points for guarding and protecting the same buildings, as their company and regimental commanders will locate their headquarters as near the center of their district as practicable. Lieutenant Colonel K. S. Van Voorhis, commanding One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, will receive separate instructions, for his existing orders ins regard to passes will be rigidly enforced. Every officer of the command is enjoined to put forth the most strenuous efforts to established and maintain perfect order and subordination. All breaches of discipline on the part of either officers or men will be punished to the severest extent. All men found within or prowling about the houses of citizens will be arrested and turned over to the provost guard.

By command of Colonel H. A. Barnum:

O. T. MAY,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Savannah, GA., December 21, 1864.

Brigadier General W. T. WARD,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that the Twenty-second Wisconsin Volunteers relive the guard of 100 men of General Geary's command at the rice mills on the river to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

