HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., December 21, 1864.

Major C. W. THOMAS,

Chief Quartermaster Dept. of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

MAJOR: The propellers Monterey and Ashaland were sent from here on the 14th instant laden with subsistence stores, with instructions to proceed to the Ogeechee River with said for Major-General Sherman's army. Instead of obeying their instructions they dropped anchor at the mouth of the river, much to the detriment of the service and the annoyance of General Sherman's army, who were suffering for some of the provisions on board these vessels. These vessels remained at anchor until ordered up the river by Major-General Foster. For this dereliction of duty on the part of the captains of the above-named propellers, the major-General commanding directs that you deduct $1,000 from the charter party of each of these propellers unless the captains can show good cause for such neglect of duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

VERNON RIVER, December 21, 1864.

Major-General FOSTER:

SIR: Savannah is ours. General Hardee has gone his forces to Hardeeville. I heard General Sherman express some anxiety about your position on the Tullifinny, hence this note. Tatnall intends passing out of the Savannah River to-night with the iron-clad Savannah; at least this is reported by Generals Sherman and Howard. We will try and head him off. Please to notify Captain Reynolds and the senior naval officer off Charleston, in the latter port should be the Savannah's destination. We have Beaulieu, Rosedew, &amp;c.

I am, General, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRADFORD,

Fleet Captain, South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

SAVANNAH, GA., December 22, 1864.

(Via Fort Monroe 6,45 p. m. 25th.)

His Excellency President LINCOLN:

I beg to present you, as a Christmas gift, the city of Savannah, with 150 heavy guns and plenty of ammunition, and also about 25,000 bales of cotton.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Savannah, GA., December 22, 1864.

Major General P. JOS. OSTERHAUS, Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-General commanding directs me to notify you that General Sherman desires to review the Army of the Tennessee as soon as it may be ready therefor, and names Saturday, day after to-morrow, as the day on which he will review your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

