
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Savannah, GA., December 22, 1864.

In compliance with the within order each division commander will at once cause his command to be put in readiness, and will see that it is in a compliance and thorough state for the expected review.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, NO. 204. Savannah, GA., December 22, 1864.

I. The Fourth Division, Brigadier-General commanding, will move from its present camp and occupy the ground between Fort Brown on Shell road and Fort No. 25. Brigadier-General Smith, commanding Third Division, may, if he finds suitable ground, remove the camp of his command to a point between the Shell road and the Gulf railroad. The following will be the assignment of pickets, to take effect immediately: The Fourth Division will picket from the river to the Shell road; the Third Division from the Shell road (where they will connect with the Fourth Division pickets) to the Gulf railroad; the First Division will pickets its own from, connecting on the left with pickets of the Third Division and stretching across the plank road to connect with the pickets on their right. Division commanders will immediately send to these headquarters a corrected report of guns captured near Little Ogeechee and around Savannah, giving caliber, &amp;c. General Corse will include in his report all guns between the river and to Shell road; General Smith, those between the Shell road and Gulf railroad; General Woods, those from Gulf railroad to plank road.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

F. F. WHITEHEAD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Savannah, GA., December 22, 1864.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-General commanding directs me to say-that General Sherman, by a new division, requires this army to picket along the canal from the Ogeechee River to and including the Darien road. He directs me to say that are interested therewith, and will provide and keep on the canal a force sufficient for that purpose. He further tells me to notify you that General Sherman desires to review the Army of the Tennessee as soon as it may be ready therefor, and proposes to review the Fifteenth Corps on Saturday (day after to-morrow), the 24th instant.

I am, General, with respect, yours, &c.,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

