HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Savannah, GA., December 22, 1864-5 a. m.

Brigadier-General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Army of Georgia:

GENERAL: The General-in-chief has just returned to his headquarters, having been somewhat delayed on his way back from Port Royal by high winds. You are no doubt already aware that the enemy has evacuated Savannah, and our troops are in full possession of the city. For the present, however, supplies will continue to be received via Ogeechee River and the King's Bridge road. The general directs me to say that he wishes you, until further orders, to continue to guard the depot of supplies at King's Bridge with your cavalry, on the west of the river, in connection with the brigade of infantry remaining between Big and Little Ogeechee. He is anxious to hear as soon as possible from General Mower's force, sent down the Gulf railroad; also from your cavalry sent toward the Altamaha; and desires that you will at once send him all information you have or may obtain respectfully them. He will himself go into Savannah this morning, and remove his headquarters thither, and will send you further orders after going there.

I am, General, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY HITCHCOCK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

King's Bridge, GA., December 22, 1864.

I. The First Brigade, Colonel Murray commanding, will move, at an early hour to-morrow morning, to the vicinity of a church on King's Bridge road, five miles from the bridge, and will there go into camp. Colonel Murray will examine the country, and established a picket-line running from the Ogeechee River along the line of the canal, to some convenient and safe point, and thence across to the Savannah.

II. Colonel Atkins, commanding Second Brigade, will remain in his present camp, picketing the Cannouchee and the country in the direction of the Altamaha.

III. The headquarters of the division will be at or near the headquarters of the First Brigade. Colonel Murray will encamp one regiment near, and protect the division train.

IV. After the camps are once established brigade commanders may detail one battalion each of their respective commands, with their officers, to proceed (mounted) to the city of Savannah to see the city and enjoy themselves generally. It is to be hoped that these officers and men while in the city will so conduct themselves as to reflect no discredit upon the command.

By command of Brigadier-General Kilpatrick:

L. G. ESTES,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

50 R R-VOL XLIV

