
destroying the important railroad bridge over Oconee River, east of that, and turned down to Milledgeville, the Twentieth Corps via Easton, the Fourteenth Corps via Shady Dale and Eatonton Factory, the two columns reaching Milledgeville by the 23rd [22d], also the appointed time, without resistance or impediment. The penitentiary the railroad buildings and the arsenal; the State House and Governor's mansion I left unharmed. On the 24th the Left Wing crossed the Oconee and burned the bridge at Milledgeville, moving thence to Sandersville, six or eight miles west of which the Twentieth Corps was delayed three or four hours to rebuild the bridges across Buffalo Creek, destroyed to impede us. Just outside of Sandersville, on the 26th, Wheeler, with 2,000 cavalry, attempted resistance; but a single line of infantry skirmishers drove him at double-quick into and through Sandersonville. From this point the Fourteenth Corps went direct to Louisville, crossing the Ogeechee there, above their intended point of defense, without opposition; while the Twentieth Corps followed and destroyed the Central railroad from Tennille (or Station 13) to and across the Ogeechee at Station 10. Kilpatrick, with his division of cavalry, came up to Milledgeville from Gordon on the 24th, and at once started out on and around our left flank in the direction of Sparta, Gibson, and Sylvan Grove, with instructions to cut he railroad leading to Augusta at or near Waynesborough, and thence, if our prisoners were still at Millen, to make a dash to release them, and, returning, to join Davis at Louisville. He did cut the railroad at Waynesborough, partially burning the railroad bridge over Brier Creek (four miles north of that), but learned that our prisoners had already been removed from Millen, and returned to Louisville, joining the Fourteenth Corps there as ordered. During this march Wheeler hung around and attacked him in flank and rear, and gave him some trouble but no real injury. From Gordon Howard followed the Central railroad, crossing the river at Oconee bridge, thence to Irwin's Cross-Roads, destroying the railroad to Tennille (No. 13), including nearly three miles of trestle-work on both sides of and over the Oconee, some of it eighteen to twenty-work on both sides of and over the Oconee, some of it eighteen to twenty feet high. The attempt to resist at this crossing collapsed when the Left Wing reached Sandersville and amounted to nothing; hence Howard marched in two columns parallel to and south of the railroad, Blair's (Seventeenth) corps turning north and crossing the Oconee, without opposition, at Barton (or Station 91/2). Hardee had announced at Tennille the day before I was there his purpose to dispute our passage at No. 10; but the movement on Louisville turned the line of the Ogeechee, and he at once fell back down the railroad and river. The next day, December 3, the Seventeenth Corps entered Millen without opposition. At this point, which was no town, but an important railroad center, the very handsome depot, railroad hotel, and three or four large storehouses were burned. From Louisville the Fourteenth Corps moved on an outer line eastward across the railroad between Millen and Augusta by Sharpe's, about where Brier Creek turns eastward to the Savannah River, and Buck Head Post-Office to the Savannah River, at Halley's Ferry; thence down along or near the right bank of the Savannah to the Charleston railroad opposite Monteith. The Twentieth Corps at the same time followed a nearly parallel route next west of this, through Birdville and Sylvania, down to Springfield and Monteith; the Seventeenth Corps worked down along the Central railroad all the way from Station 91/2 to the outskirts of this city, while the Fifteenth Corps remained on and marched down the west

