
Numbers 10. Report of Asst. Surg. David L. Huntington, U. S. Army, Acting Medical Director. MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Savannah, Ga., December 25, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit a brief report of the operations of the Medical Department of the Army of the Tennessee, during the past campaign, terminating in the occupation of Savannah.

Previously to entering upon the campaign such sick and wounded as would not immediately be fit for duty, or who were liable to embarrass the movements of the army, were transferred to the general hospitals at Chattanooga, Nashville, and beyond. The number thus removed was 748, the greater portion of who were recruits suffering from measles and diseases incident to newly enlisted men. the army has been as well supplied with medical stores as the authorized transportation would allow. No scarcity has been felt, the sick and wounded receiving everything necessary. All preparations being complete, the army left East Point upon the 15th of November, and upon the 21st of December entered the city of

Savannah. The average distance marched daily has been ten miles and two-thirds. The sanitary condition of the army has been peculiarly gratifying-the abundance of nutritious food, and particularly of vegetables, the fine weather, good roads, and easy marches, have all proved most salutary to the troops. From an examination of the weekly reports, I find that the average percentage of men unfit for duty from the 15th of November to the week ending December 17 has been scarcely 2 per cent. (in actual figures 1. 9), and this including the wounded. During the same period, 32 cases of death from disease have occurred, and 29 men have died from wounds, the greater part of this number dying within three days after the receipt of the injury. On the third day's march one mild case of varioloid was reported. Immediate directions were given to vaccinate who had been exposed, also all as to whom any doubt existed as to their having been vaccinated. No further case has come to my knowledge. Two cases of fractured thighs were left on the road, it being deemed impracticable to transport them.

On the 22nd of November, near Macon, the lines held by troops of the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, were attacked by the rebels. After gallantly repelling the assault, our loss was found to be 13 killed and 40 wounded. The wounded were transported in ambulances 190 miles, and have done remarkably well, many of the slighter cases having already returned to duty. At the passages of the Oconee and Ogeechee Rivers skirmishing occurred, but with very trifling injury to us.

On the 13th of December the troops of the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, assaulted and gallantly carried Fort McAllister, with a loss of 12 killed and 80 wounded. The major part of the casualties occurred from the torpedoes which were placed in and about the works. The wounds thus inflicted were generally of a grave nature.

On the 19th of December the hospital transport Cosmopolitan reported, and, in obedience to instructions from the chief medical officer of the military division, I transferred to the hospitals at Beaufort, S. C., 266 cases of sick and wounded.

