
bank of the Ogeechee until opposite Eden (or Station No. 2). The complete destruction of the Central railroad was continued by the Seventeenth Corps, with which I was, after leaving Sandersville, as far as Station 41/2, but from that point to Savannah, so confined was I of taking the city, I allowed it to remain undisturbed, with the view of using it to that distance ourselves. Kilpatrick left Louisville with instructions to cover the rear of the columns moving down the peninsula, and also, if the got an opportunity, to attack and punish Wheeler, who had falsely claimed to have whipped and driven him back on his former expedition to Waynesborough. On the 4th of December Kilpatrick attacked Wheeler's whole force, amounting, as we know, to over 6,000 men, with five guns, at Thomas' Station, on the railroad, four miles south of Waynesborough, and well, broke his center, and drove him back in confusion through and beyond Waynesborough and across Brier Creek, four miles north of it, again and completely burned the railroad bridge across Brier Creek, and then returned leisurely to Alexander, and down the peninsula, covering our rear. It was evident that the only point on the peninsula between Ogeechee and Savannah Rivers where the rebels could attempt to make a stand was at its narrowest point-from Ogeechee Church (or Station 41/2) on the railroad to Sister's Ferry on the Savannah River, some twelve miles across. Here the railroad crosses the Little Ogeechee Creek, on whose east bank were thrown up some earthworks, commanding the bridge over the creek, and they had also at considerable labor built more substantial works across the railroad. But, on the morning of December 5, when the skirmishers of the Seventeenth Corps, advanced to cross the creek, they found the works deserters save by a few pickets, who fled at one volley. The movement of the Fifteenth Corps, down the west side of the Ogeechee, already below this point, had left the rebels at Ogeechee Church no alternative but to run or be cut off in rear. From this point there was not further opposition until within twelve or fourteen miles of Savannah, save ineffectual attempts to delay us by felling trees where our road crossed creeks or swamps; but in no case did the obstructions cause serious delay-the Seventeenth Corps losing but thirty minutes in all waiting for their removal, and the Fourteenth Corps, having the most creeks, &amp;c., to cross, and being most annoyed in this way, making, nevertheless, sixty miles in three days; the Fifteenth Corps, on the west side of Ogeechee, met no opposition or difficulty.

On the 7th of December our four heads of column were nearly on an east and west line-General Howard's headquarters being at Eden (or Station 2), nineteen miles from Savannah, on the railroad; the Seventeenth Corps two miles east of that; and the Twentieth and Fourteenth nearly as far down. At this point (Eden) Howard crossed part of the Fifteenth Corps to east bank of the Ogeechee, with which Corse pushed down along the river, crossed the canal, and has a smart little encounter at a cross-roads east of the mount of the Cannouchee, capturing one piece of artillery and driving back the rebels to the Little Ogeechee River, northeast of Station 1, on the Gulf railroad, where he brought up against the outer defense of the city in the direction. Meanwhile the remainder of the Fifteenth Corps, still west of the Ogeechee River, moved down toward the Gulf railroad on two roads, feinted to cross the Cannouchee near its mouth, crossed it higher up, and cut the Gulf railroad at Way's Station and another point west of that. The Gulf road was also cut east of the Ogeechee, at or near Station 1, and a train of cars captured, on which was taken Mr. R. R. Cuyler,

