
IV. The troops, for the present, will be grouped about the city of Savannah, looking to the convenience of camps, General Slocum taking from the Savannah around to about the seven-mile post, on the canal, and General Howard thence to the sea. General Kilpatrick will hold King's Bridge until Fort McAllister is dismantled and the troops withdrawn from the south side of the Ogeechee, when he will take post about Anderson's plantation, and picket all the roads leading from the north and west.

V. General Howard will keep a small guard at Forts Rosedew, Beaulieu, Wimberly, Thunderbolt, and Bonaventure, and he will cause that shore and Skidaway Island to be examined very closely, with a view to finding many and convenient points for the embarkation of troops and wagons on sea-going vessels.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aided-de-Camp.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, NO. 203. Savannah, GA., December 23, 1864.

* * * *

V. In accordance with Special Field Orders, No. 139, Military Division of the Mississippi, Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will send and keep a small guard, in charge of a good officer, at Forts Rosedew, Beaulieu, Wimberly, Thunderbolt, and Bonaventure. Second, Colonel J. T. Conklin, chief quartermaster, will closely examine the shores in the vicinity of these forts and Skidaway Island, with the view of finding many and convenient points for the embarkation of troops and wagons in sea-going vessels, and will as soon as possible report thereon in writing to these headquarters.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, NO. 205. Savannah, GA., December 23, 1864.

* * * *

III. The commanding officer of Second Division will cause to be detailed one regiment of an average strength of 350 men, and a working party of fifty negroes, to report forthwith to Colonel Beckwith, chief commissary, at the landing, King's Bridge. The First, Third, and Fourth Divisions of the Fifteenth Army Corps will be ready for review to-morrow at 9. 30 a. m., and drawn up in line in the following order: General Charles R. Woods, commanding First Division, will deploy his line, the right resting on the park, fronting north, and running west to the corner of West Broad street, and thence down that street. General John E. Smith, commanding Third Division, takes up the alignment of the First Division, extending his line down West Broad, and then at right angles into South Broad street. General John M. Corse deploys the Fourth Division in South Broad street, on the left, and on alignment with General Smith's division. The Artillery Brigade forms on the extreme left, under special instructions from these headquarters.

