
Officers and men are expected to appear as clean and neat as possible-officers with saber and sash; the men in light marching order, without knapsack, blankets, or haversacks. The companies of each battalion must be equalized, regiments with less than 400 men in eight, with more, in ten companies; full regiments to be equalized in platoons. Field music and regimental bands, will be collected by brigades and placed son the right of their respective brigades.

Division commanders will, on the approach of the reviewing officers, give the command to open ranks and present arms. Whenever the reviewing officers have passed a brigade, the brigade commander will order the shoulder arms, order arms, parade rest. Preparatory to the passing in review the division commanders will command to close order, break into column of companies (except full regiments which will be broken into platoons). The column will pass in quick step, and therefore only mounted officers will salute the reviewing officers. Commanding officers are cautioned to preserve, after having passed by the reviewing officers, the formation of their columns, and not to break the companies by the right flank, and file left. Such changes interfere with the troops in the rear and create very annoying disturbances. The artillery will pass by sections.

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, NO. 74.Fort McAllister, GA., December 23, 1864.

The general commanding the division is pleased to announce that official dispatches have been received from Major-General Thomas saying that he had attacked Hood in front of Nashville; had driven his left and left center eight miles, capturing 16 guns, a large number of prisoners, flags, earth-works, and trains; that night closed the battle, but that he would fight or follows the next day, and expected to destroy the entire army. Our troops did all they were asked to do and all that could be expected.

The fall of Savannah, so soon following the splendid assault and capture of Fort McAllister by ourselves, is deemed a fitting occasion to congratulate the division upon its uniform good and brave conduct since he has had the honor of commanding it, and upon the brilliant close of the late campaign, of which it can justly claim so important a part.

By order of Brigadier General W. B. Hazen:

G. LOFLAND,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, NO. 69. Near Savannah, GA., December 23, 1864.

The troops of this command, except the Second Brigade, Brigadier General J. W. Sprague commanding, will move to the city to-morrow, and will start at 8 a. m. Order of march: First, First Brigade, Brigadier-General Fuller commanding; second, one section Battery C, First Michigan, third, Third Brigade, Colonel John Tillson commanding;

