
fourth, ambulance corps; fifth, ordnance train; sixth, supply train. Colonel John Tillson will detail five companies of his command to march in near of the train.

By order of Major General J. A. Mower:

CHAS. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Savannah, GA., December 23, 1864.

The corps will be prepared for review by Major-General Sherman on Tuesday of Wednesday next in the street of Savannah, the men without knapsacks and marching by platoons. Division commanders will, in the short time which intervenes, place their respective commands in the best possible state of drill, discipline, and soldierly appearance and will see that every available man is under arms.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CITY OF SAVANNAH, NO. 1. Savannah, GA., December 23, 1864.

In accordance with orders received, the undersigned has assumed command of the city. The following staff, officers are announced: Captain W. T. Forbes, assistant adjutant-General an chief of staff; Captain S. B. Wheelock, acting assistant adjutant-General; Lieutenant Colonel A. H. Jackson, inspector; Captain Moses Veale, aide-de-camp; Captain John J. Cantine, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant William C. Armor, aide-de-camp; Captain Ira B. Seymour, provost-marshal; Captain G. L. Parker, assistant quartermaster, post quartermaster; Captain James Gillette, commissary of subsistence, post commissary. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly. The offices of the general commanding and of the adjutant-General's and inspector's departments will be in the Central Railroad Bank Building, next to the U. S. Custom House. Office hours for ordinary business from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m. The offices of the other staff departments will be in the Exchange Building and vicinity.

JNO W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

POST-OFFICE DEPARTMENT, APPOINTMENT OFFICE,

Washington, December 23, 1864.

Colonel A. H. MARKLAND,

Special Agent Post-Office Department, Present:

SIR: You will proceed immediately to the headquarters of General Sherman, near Savannah, GA., and report to him as the agent of this department, to arrange for the regular transmission and distribution of the mails for his army. You will have the entire and exclusive control of these mails, subject only to the orders and directions of General Sherman.

I am, respectfully, &amp;c.,

ALEX. W. RANDALL,

Acting Postmaster-General.

