
present with one, and generally that one engaged in destroying railroads. This work of destructions was performed better than usual, because I had an engineer regiment provided with claws to twist the bars after being heated. Such bars can never be used again, and the only way in which a railroad line can be reconstructed across Georgia will be to make a new road from Fairburn Station, twenty-four miles southwest of Atlanta, to Madison, a distance of 100 miles; and before that can be done I proposed to be on the road from Augusta to Charleston, which is a continuation of the same. I felt somewhat disappointed at Hardee's escape from me, but really am not to blame. I moved as quick as possible to close up the "Union Causeway," but intervening obstacles were such that before I could get my troops on the road Hardee had slipped out. Still, I know that the men that were in Savannah will be lost, in a measure, to Jeff. Davis; for the Georgia troops, under G. W. Smith, declared they would not fight in South Carolina, and have gone north en route for Augusta, and I have reason to believe the North Carolina troops have gone to Wilmington-in other words, they are scattered. I have reason to believe that Beauregard was present in Savannah at the time of its evacuation, and I think he and Hardee are now in Charleston, doubtless making preparations for what they know will be my next step.

Please say to the President that I received his kind message through Colonel Markland, and feel thankful for his high favor. If I disappoint him in the future, it shall not be from want of zeal or love to the cause. Of you I expect a full and frank criticism of my plans for the future, which may enable me to correct errors before it is too late. I do not wish to be rash, but want to give my rebel friends no chance to accuse us of want of enterprise or courage.

Assuring you of my high personal respect, I remain, as ever, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army:

GENERAL: This letter was brought by Lieutenant Dunn, of my staff with the request that I would open and read it, as it contained one or two points which his letter addressed to me does not contain.

Respectfully,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Savannah, GA., December 24, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER, Confederate Army,

Screven's Ferry, South Carolina:

GENERAL: Yours of this date is received. I will let that lady land, but no more. No provision has been made for the families in Savannah, and many of them will suffer from want-and I will not undertaken to feed them. I will give notice that all families who wish to leave can do

