
so, and will provide the means of getting them to General Hardee's headquarters. You need not send in for small parties, and I will not permit any more flags of truce by subordinate commanders.

I am, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - If your pickets fire on our boats, I will clear Savannah and river of all unfriendly parties.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

THUNDERBOLT BATTERY,

Saturday, December 24, 1864-12. 30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, U. S. Army,

Commanding Army of the Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Vessels drawing fifteen feet and under can come up to this place now, entering at Wassaw Sound. The river has been dragged for torpedoes, and none have yet been discovered. The monitor Sangamon, Captain Young, and the Passaic, Captain Fillebrown, are now close beside the work at Turner's Rocks, and will be at anchor at this place in a few hours. I have my vessel at work sounding and putting up marks for navigation, and will anchor here to-night. I respectfully recommend making this place your present depot for large vessels. A short wharf, 100 feet long, will suffice for vessels of deep draft, and materials for its construction are near at hand.

Respectfully,

CHAS. O. BOUTELLE,

Assistant, Coast Survey, Commanding U. S. Steamer Bibb.

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Savannah, GA.,

Numbers 141. December 24, 1864.

I. General Easton, chief quartermaster, is charged with the general responsibility of public property in the city. He will take possession of all cotton and other quartermaster's stores. He will also assign quarters to officers and troops, and designate such buildings, lots, &amp;c., for public use, and have full control thereof. Officers serving with troops will not be allowed to occupy buildings in the city unless the troops are also doing duty in the city, and corps, division, and brigade quartermasters and commissaries will not be allowed to establish themselves at any depot in the city or elsewhere except upon consultation with the chief quartermaster or chief commissary of subsistence. The occupation and use of buildings or rooms for amusement will be regulated by General Easton, and no private property will be removed from buildings, or made use of, by officers or troops except by consent of him.

II. The chief commissary of subsistence, Colonel Beckwith, will take possession of all subsistence stores and be charged with their distribution, as also the supplying of destitute families, conferring with the mayor of the city as regards the necessities, &c., and army commanders will not make issues directly.

51 R R- VOL XLIV

