
III. Corps commanders will furnish the chief quartermaster 500 men each, in regiments, for guard and fatigue duty. They will also use all effort to supply him with a force of negroes for labor. Recruiting agents are forbid recruiting negroes for military service, as all are wanted for labor.

IV. The provost-marshal's department, under the direction of the commanding officer of the post, is charged with the maintenance of good order in the city and the guarding of prisoners, and has nothing to do with property. Passes within the city limits will not be required.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Savannah, December 24, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The Fifteenth Corps will be ready to be reviewed by you at 11 o'clock this a. m. Forsyth Place is the point selected for the review to take place. I will join you at your headquarters and accompany you to the spot.

Respectfully, yours,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Savannah, GA., December 24, 1864.

Major General P. JOSEPH OSTERHAUS,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

I am directed by the major-General commanding to say that, in accordance with the instructions of Major-General Sherman, he desires you to direct Brigadier-General Hazen to at once proceed in the work of dismantling Fort McAllister, and have the guns in readiness to be removed by water. Major-General Foster has promised to send the boats to transport them. The general suggests that, in order to facilitate their loading, they be first got onto flat-boats, from which they can be more readily hoisted aboard a ship. As soon as this is done General Hazen's command will be withdrawn and assigned a position near the city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. 17TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. AND THE TENNESSEE,Savannah, GA., December 24, 1864.

Brigadier General M. D. LEGGETT,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-General commanding directs me to say to you that you will not move to your new camp until it is definitely ascertained that there is water there. At any rate, you will not move to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

