
participated, and has distinguished himself for his coolness and valor. He is a man of strictly temperate and correct habits, and I recommend that he be promoted to the rank of major and assistant adjutant-General.

Very respectfully,

M. D. LEGGETT,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 164. Savannah, December 24, 1864.

The Third Brigade, Brigadier General W. W. Belknap commanding, will move to a new camp near Bonaventure Cemetery promptly at 7 a. m. to-morrow morning. The column will move by these headquarters, from which point they will be conducted by Captain Gurley to their camp.

By order of Brigadier General Giles A. Smith:

CHAS. H. BRUSH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CITY OF SAVANNAH, GA.,

Numbers 2. December 24, 1864.

I. For convenience in military government all that portion of the city lying east of Bull street is designated as the eastern district; that lying west of Bull street, as the western district. Colonel William B. Woods, Seventy-sixth Ohio Volunteers, is announced as provost-marshal of the eastern district; his headquarters will be in the U. S. barracks on Bull street. Colonel H. A. Barnum, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, is announced as provost-marshal of the western district; his headquarters will be near the corner of Barnard and South Broad streets. All applications for protection of persons and private property, or for redress of grievances, will be made to the provost-marshal of the district or to the nearest officer of the guard.

II. Each regiment on provost duty will have assigned to it definite limits within which to perform guard and patrol duty, and the regimental commanders will be held responsible for the peace and good order of their respective sections. The provost-marshals of districts will number the sections assigned to these regiments.

III. All public and private property will be protected, and whenever necessary for such purpose special guards will be assigned. No private property will be taken or used against the consent of the owners, except upon an order from proper authority.

IV. Officers and others entitled to quarters for private or public use will make application to Brigadier-General Easton, chief quartermaster.

V. All persons within the city who have been in any way connected with the rebel army will report, without delay, to Captain Ira B. Seymour, provost-marshal (office in Exchange Building), and there register their names.

VI. No citizen will be arrested except for misdemeanor, or upon written orders from these headquarters or from a provost-marshal.

VII. The fire department of this city has been represented by the civil authorities as highly efficient. Mr. Casey, acting chief of the fire

