
department, is authorized to continue operations, and will be held responsible for the faithful performance of his duties. All members of the different fire companies will continue subject to his orders, and neglect of duty on their part will be duly punished. In case of fire, the provost-marshal of the district will send immediately strong detachments of guards to preserve order in the vicinity.

VIII. Those persons connected with the water-works and gas-works of the city will continue to perform their duties as usual. The manager of these works will apply to the provost-marshal of the district in which they are located for sufficient guards for the protection of the works, together with the fuel and other material pertaining to them.

IX. All soldiers found within the city limits, absent from their camps without passes from their respective commanders, will be arrested and sent to their commands.

X. Captain Silas Spicer is announced as harbor master of this port, and is invested with full authority for the transaction of business in his department. Office, on Bay, opposite Dayton street.

XI. Citizens desirous of leaving the city to go within the rebel lines will make application at these headquarters. They will be transported to our exterior picket-line.

XII. Citizens destitute of provisions can make application at the city store, where they will be supplied upon the order of Doctor Arnold, mayor of the city.

XIII. Tattoo will be beaten throughout the city at 8 p. m. ; taps at 9. After taps all enlisted men found on the streets who are not on duty, and who have not proper passes, will be arrested by the patrol. Suspicious or disorderly characters will also be arrested after that hour. Care must be taken in carrying out this order not to make improper arrests of citizens who may be attending to their lawful business in an orderly manner.

By command of Brigadier General John W. Geary, commanding:

W. T. ROBES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Savannah, GA., December 24, 1864.

Brigadier General J. KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I am very pleased to be able to certify to the eminent services you have performed as a cavalry commander during the present campaign, particularly when operating with my wing of the army. The assistance of deceiving the enemy as to my intention before and after crossing the Ocmulgee River; the bold engagements near Lovejoy's and Macon; the disposition of your forces so as to cover our trains and protect our flanks - in fact, all the duties appertaining to a cavalry officer have during the campaign been completely performed. My gratitude, or rather that of the Government, is due to yourself and your officers for their untiring energy and faithful service. Be pleased so to express it. You have my best wishes for your promotion and other personal interests, and must call upon me ever as a friend without stint.

Respectfully and truly, yours,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

