SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Numbers 416. Hilton Head, S. C., December 24, 1864.

I. Bvt. Brigadier General M. S. Littlefield, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby temporarily assigned to the command of the District of Hilton Head, Fort Pulaski, Saint Helena, and Tybee Islands, during the absence of Brigadier General E. E. Potter.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. G. Foster:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,

Morris Island, S. C., December 24, 1864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the South:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor most respectfully to report that nothing of importance has occurred in this district since my last communication. Troops have evidently returned to James Island, and to other parts of the enemy's lines. It is not known in what numbers, as no refugees or deserters have come to our outposts. The enemy has employed during the past week large fatigue parties in completing and repairing his fortifications in our front; he has been particularly busy on James and John's Island at those points upon which we advanced against them in July last. they are to be seen at work clearing the space in front of their works of brush and undergrowth, and are also repairing the roads in their rear. The last official information which I have received in regard to the operations of our forces in other districts of the department is to the effect that Savannah was evacuated by the enemy on the 20th instant, and that the iron-clad Savannah intended to attempt to make her escape on the following night. I have given the necessary orders for her reception should she succeed in running out and attempt to enter Charleston Harbor.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

CITY POINT, VA., December 25, 1864-8 p. m.

SECRETARY OF WAR,

Washington:

I have just received General Foster's dispatch announcing the capture of Savannah, with artillery, munitions of war, railroad cars, and cotton. I wish Hardee's 15,000 to 18,000 of a garrison could have been added to the other captures. It is a good thing the way it stands, and the country may well rejoice over it.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

