SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 207. Savannah, GA., December 25, 1864.

* * * * *

II. In accordance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 139, Military Division of the Mississippi, and 203, current series, from department headquarters, the Fifteenth Army Corps garrisons the forts at Rosedrew, Beaulieu, Wimberly, Thunderbolt, and Bonaventure. Division commanders will therefore detach from their commands as follows: Brigadier-General Woods, 75 men to Rosedew and 100 men to Beaulieu; Brigadier-General Smith, 100 men to Wimberly; Brigadier-General Corse, 80 men to Thunderbolt and 80 men to Bonaventure. Great care is recommended in the selection of commanding officers for these detachments; they must be zealous and energetic. All assistance that can be rendered by these garrisons will be given to Colonel Conklin, chief quartermaster, who is ordered to explore the waters in the vicinity of the above forts, or to officers who may be authorized to dismantle the fortifications.

* * * * *

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,

Numbers 3. Savannah, GA., December 25, 1864.

I. Corps commanders will at once make all necessary preparations for another campaign. All offices who, by intemperance, inefficiency, or ignorance of their duties, have shown themselves unqualified for the positions they hold should at once be recommended for dismissal.

II. No leaves of absence or furloughs will be granted except upon the surgeon's certificate of disability.

III. The interest of the service at this time requires that at least one commissioned officer shall be present with each company, and one field officer with each regiment; and no officer will be mustered out of service in violation of this rule, until the completion of the ensuing campaign.

By command of Major General H. W. Slocum:

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. STEAMER BIBB, THUNDERBOLT BATTERY,

Wilmington River, GA., Sunday, December 25, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: I have marked this river up to this point, four miles and a half from Savannah, with a good road between the two places. There is a good passage through the obstructions between this place and the battery below here at Turner's Rocks. Vessels drawing fifteen feet can come directly here; least water at low water ten feet (near the obstructions); rise and fall of tide seven feet. All large vessels can come here without difficulty or danger, so far as we can discover. I

