
keep up a good understanding between the citizens and soldiers; they will ascertain, and report to the chief commissary of subsistence as soon as possible, the names and number of worthy families that need assistance and support. The mayor will forthwith give public notice that the time has come when all must choose their course, viz., to remain within our lines and conduct themselves as good citizens, or depart in peace. He will ascertain the names of all who choose to leave Savannah, and report their names and residence to the chief quartermaster, that measures may be taken to transport them beyond the lines.

IV. Not more than two newspapers will be published in Savannah, and their editors and proprietors will be held to the strictest accountability, and will be punished severely in person and property for any libelous publications, mischievous matter, premature news, exaggerated statements, or any comments whatever upon the acts of the constituted authorities; they will be held accountable even for such articles though copied from other papers.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND

FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 205. Savannah, GA., December 26, 1864.

* * * * *

V. Major T. W. Osborn, chief of artillery, Department and Army of the Tennessee, is intrusted with the dismantling of all the forts on the coast and river. He will consult with the engineer and ordnance departments in reference thereto, and make arrangements to remove the guns and material to Fort Pulaski or other points.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 208. Savannah, GA., December 26, 1864.

* * * * *

II. It is probable that our stay here will be of several weeks' duration, therefore immediate steps must be taken to put the command again in the most perfect condition. First, the troops must be thoroughly refitted in clothing and armament. All requisitions must be made out in full, and the officers having charge of these departments must see that every effort is made to procure the necessary stores. Not only the outfit of the men is to be looked to, but the discipline, bearing, and drill of the soldier must be improved. Division commanders will at once make the necessary regulations regarding drills and theoretical instruction (which must embrace all the different branches of garrison and field duties), the daily guard mounts, dress parade, and Sunday inspections. These regulations must be enforced rigidly, with a view to make every man familiar with his various duties, and at the same time rid the corps of a slovenness of appearance which is hardly becoming to a soldier. Second, a recitation course for, principally, com-

