
missioned officers and non-commissioned officers is absolutely necessary, and must be instituted in every regiment, battalion, and battery. Camp guards will be placed around the camp of this corps, and the men will not be permitted to go beyond these guards without authority from their company officers. Whenever allowed to visit the city or other camps, the men must be as neat in their appearance as possible, and always wear their waist-belts and side-arms. Third, division commanders alone have authority to grant passes to go beyond the pickets. They will also take measures to stop all foraging hereafter, as the Government is amply prepared to furnish full supplies. Fourth, only the regularly appointed officers of the respective administrative departments are authorized to collect horses, mules, or subsistence stores; all others are forbidden to indulge in such operations.

* * * * *

By order of Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus:

F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 50. Savannah, GA., December 26, 1864.

I. Major E. S. Johnson, Seventh Illinois Infantry Volunteers, will immediately proceed with the dismounted portion of his regiment to Fort Bonaventure, and garrison the same. Such assistance as can be rendered will be given to officers who may be authorized to dismantle the fortifications.

II. In compliance with orders from corps headquarters, Brigadier General E. W. Rice, commanding First Brigade, will assign eighty men to garrison Fort Thunderbolt. Great care is recommended in selecting commanding officers for this department. They must be zealous and energetic. All assistance that can be rendered by this garrison will be given to Colonel Conklin, chief quartermaster, who is authorized to explore the waters in the vicinity of the above fort, or to officers who may be authorized to dismantle the fortifications.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General J. M. Corse:

A. W. EDWARDS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Savannah, GA., December 26, 1864.

Captain S. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. and Army of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to renew my recommendation, made at the close of the Atlanta campaign, for the promotion of Brigadier General Giles A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division of this corps, and Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, to the rank of major-General. They served with great gallantry and efficiency on the Atlanta campaign, and on the campaign just ended served equally well; they are justly entitled to promotion, and I earnestly recommend that they receive it at once. I desire to recommend Colonel B. F. Potts, Thirty-second Ohio, commanding First Brigade, Fourth Division, and Colonel R.

