
K. Scott, Sixty-eighth Ohio Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, for promotion to the rank of brigadier-General. These officers have commanded brigades for about one year, with credit to themselves and the country, and are justly entitled to promotion; they are brave and gallant officers. I cordially recommend Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, for promotion to the brevet rank of major-General. General Force was severely wounded on the 22nd of July, before Atlanta, while gallantry defending his position against the assaults of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 317. Savannah, GA., December 26, 1864.

* * * * *

III. The review of this corps by General Sherman will take place to-morrow. The following are the orders for the movement:

1. The right of the command will rest on Gaston street, extending along Whitaker street to Hall, westwardly along Hall to West Broad street, northwardly along West Broad to Bay street, eastwardly along Bay to East Broad street, southwardly along East Broad to Liberty street, and westwardly along Liberty as far as necessary.

2. The First Alabama Cavalry will take up position on the right at 9 a. m.

3. Major General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, will take up his position at 9 a. m., with his right resting on the First Alabama Cavalry.

4. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, commanding Third Division, will take his position at 9. 30 o'clock, his right resting on the First Division.

5. Brigadier General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will take his position at 10 a. m., his right resting on the Third Division.

6. Major A. C. Waterhouse will form the artillery of the corps on the left of the Fourth Division.

* * * * *

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Savannah, December 26, 1864.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing, Army of Georgia:

GENERAL: The General-in-chief requests that you will, as early as practicable, detail some competent engineer officer of your command, with instructions to report to Brigadier-General Easton, chief quartermaster, with a party, for the purpose of examining and removing the obstructions in the Savannah River.

I have the honor to be, General, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY HITCHCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

