
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF Georgia,

Numbers 4. Savannah, GA., December 26, 1864.

The following officers are announced on the staff of the major-General commanding; they will be obeyed and respected accordingly; Lieutenant Colonel S. H. Sturdevant, chief commissary of subsistence; First Lieutenant William Ludlow, chief engineer.

By command of Major General H. W. Slocum:

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 29. Savannah, GA., December 26, 1864.

The order of review for to-morrow, December 27, will be as follows: The different division will be drawn up in open order on the south side of three parallel streets, as follows, the right of each resting on Price street: The First Division, General Carlin, upon Jones or Taylor street; the Second Division, General Morgan, upon Liberty street; the Third Division, General Baird, upon South Broad street. After the reviewing officer has passed around the lines, the troops of the corps - in the following order: Third Division, Second Division, First Division - will march down Price street to Bay, and up Bay, passing in review before the reviewing officer, upon the latter street, in columns of companies; after which they will turn south upon West Broad and return to their respective camps. The reserve artillery will march in the rear of the First Division. The divisions will march into position as follows: General Baird down the Louisville road, General Morgan down the canal, and General Carlin by the nearest road south of the canal, to the position indicated.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., December 26, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a copy* of my usual report by each steamer to General Halleck, by the hands of Captain Dunn, of your staff. Captain Dunn bears full dispatches from General Sherman, and will be able to explain to you fully the highly encouraging character of the situation in this department. General Sherman is in excellent spirits, and his troops in splendid condition. His army, with its present morale and condition, is, in my humble opinion, more than a match for any army the rebels can concentrate against it on this continent. Should it please you to give this department a visit you will, it is needless to assure you, receive the most cordial welcome.

I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

