
on leaving Savannah, evinced a determined reluctance to fight for South Carolina, or to remain within the borders of that State. My force is still posted, controlling the railroad, but will shortly be moved, a portion being returned to their original stations and the balance to Savannah. I would respectfully suggest that if there are any new regiments or colored regiments disposable at the North I can make them effective by placing them in garrisons, and by that means be enabled to relieve all of General Sherman's veteran regiments.

The facilities in the way of transportation, &amp;c., are now ample, and I apprehend no difficulty in supplying General Sherman's army up any of the rivers in South Carolina, should he, during the course of his march, require supplies of any kind.

The health of the troops here is good, and all the wounded are doing well.

I have the honor to be, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., December 26, 1864.

ALBERT G. BROWNE, Esq.,

Supervising Special Agent of the Treasury, Beaufort, S. C.:

SIR: At General Sherman's request I have the honor to inform you that he will turn over to you the cotton recently captured by him in the city of Savannah.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Numbers 417. Hilton Head, S. C., December 26, 1864.

* * * * *

III. Lieutenant Colonel S. L. Woodford, One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers, having been mentioned with commendation by his brigade and division commanders for gallant conduct during the recent operations upon November 30 and December 6 and 9, near the Charleston and Savannah Railroad, and having been recommended, on account of such service, by Brigadier General J. P. Hatch, commanding Coast Division, for promotion to the colonelcy of the Twenty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops (vice Colonel Siliman, deceased, from wounds received in action December 9, 1864), he is hereby appointed acting Colonel of the Twenty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, subject to the approval of His Excellency the President.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. G. Foster:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

