
about the route you should take, knowing that your information, gained daily in the progress of events, will be better than any that can be obtained now. It may not be possible for you to march to the rear of Petersburg, but failing is this you could strike either of the sea-coast ports in North Carolina held by us; from there you could take shipping. It would be decidedly preferable, however, if you could march the whole distance. From the best information I have, you will find no difficulty in supplying your army until you cross the Roanoke. From there here is but a few days' march, and supplies could be collected south of the river to bring you through. I shall establish communication with you there by steam-boat and gun-boat. By this means your wants can be partially supplied. I shall hope to hear from you soon, and to hear your plan and about the time and starting. Please instruct Foster to hold on to all the property captured in Savannah, and especially the cotton. Do not turn it over to citizens or Treasury agents without orders of the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Savannah, GA., December 27, 1864.

Captain BOUTELLE,

U. S. Coast Survey:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to request that you will, at the earliest practicable moment, take the necessary steps to have the Tybee Light-House rebuilt, put in good order, and relighted; and also that the channels leading up to Savannah be buoyed and lighted as soon as possible.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENN.,Numbers 291. Louisville, Ky., December 27, 1864.

* * * * *

III. Colonel M. C. Garber, senior chief quartermaster of this department, will at once proceed to New York City and procure transportation to Savannah, GA., for the headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee and the headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps, with the officers and men attached thereto.

* * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND

FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 206. Savannah, GA., December 27, 1864.

* * * * *

V. The several pioneer corps of this army will report to Lieutenant Stickney, Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army, for work on the line of for-

