HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., December 27, 1864.

General POTTER,

Deveaux's Neck:

GENERAL: Send the Twenty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops to Beaufort, and the One hundred and forty-fourth New York Volunteers to Hilton Head, as soon as convenient. I have given Mr. Lawrence, an honest man, permission to bring up to Tullifinny Point, for sale, a supply of tobacco, &amp;c. He will only charge a fair profit, 25 per cent. Your command will probably be in its present position from five to seven days longer. I go to Savannah to-day, to be back in three days.

Yours, truly,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - One corps of General Sherman's army will, in a few days, cross the Savannah and commence the destruction of the railroad. You can co-operate in any way that you deem advisable at the time; only do not sacrifice men, as General Sherman will take care, in time, to destroy the railroad. You can, at least, cut off all that is below you when the army corps advances.

J. G. F.

P. S. S. - Send down Captain Suter to report to me at Savannah.

J. G. F.

DAVEAUX'S NECK, December 27, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER:

GENERAL: Your note of this date is received. I will send the One hundred and forty-fourth New York and Twenty-sixth Colored Troops by the first steamers. I suppose I shall receive information of the exact time of General Sherman's corps advancing, that the movements of this force may be guided thereby. The rebels have opened a battery in front of and within 500 yards of old "marsh battery. " They have the range nicely. They yesterday killed 1 man and wounded 2 of the One hundred and seventh Ohio, and to-day killed 1 man of the Third New York (Light Artillery] and wounded another. Our own battery is rather weak in construction; I shall have it strengthened to-night. We had expected for some time that the enemy would bring guns down to this point. Please tell General Hatch that the Coosawhatchie does run between our battery and the point in question.

Very respectfully,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE,

Jacksonville, Fla., December 27, 1864.

Captain BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department Headquarters:

CAPTAIN: I regret to inform you that on the 24th instant Colonel Noble, Seventeenth Connecticut, Captain Young, One hundred and seventh Ohio, and Lieutenant Rice, Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops,

