
preparing to follow the enemy on his retreat. Beyond continued skirmishing with their rear guard, no further fighting has taken place than that already reported. A gentleman who passed over the railroad from Bristol and Glade Spring after the enemy advanced says the bridges between these places are all burned, but that the track is uninjured.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Savannah, December 28, 1864.

General J. D. WEBSTER,

Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find an order for removal of headquarters to this place; and I will further explain General Sherman's wishes, as he has given me the directions. The officers to be transferred are General Webster, Colonel Sawyer, Captain Rochester, Captain Coverdale, and Lieutenant Towner, of General Barry's staff; also Captain Jenney, with Captain Poe's office. All the other officers on duty at headquarters will be relieved and returned to their commands, as also all clerks, orderlies, and messengers not belonging to organizations in this part of the command. All public property at headquarters will be properly disposed of by orders, and left, and the office records, papers, &amp;c., proper, by brought along. Your private horses will be disposed of as each of you may prefer, by sale, by taking quartermaster's receipts, or otherwise, but not be brought here, as transportation from New York cannot be obtained. The Regular Battalion Thirteenth Infantry will not come. Captain Poe sends instructions for Captain Jenney; and in the absence General Barry I presume Lieutenant Towner must bring only his office proper. The general wishes his trunk, and also the effects or baggage for all the staff here should be brought along; all of us have more or less with Colonel Sawyer and yourself. You will come via New York, and thence by regular steamer. You can make the necessary orders covering these points and giving transportation. The clerks, messengers, and orderlies belonging to this part of the command will be brought along. This relieves from duty at headquarters Captain Rankin, Captain Stockdale, Lieutenant Newlin, and any others not enumerated as to come here.

I am aware the general has written you fully the news, &c., regarding the campaign just closed, and I can only add, all seems to be working well here.

I am, Genera &c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Savannah, GA.,

Numbers 144. December 27, 1864.

* * * * *

XI. The general and business headquarters of this military division will be moved from Nashville, Tenn., to Savannah, GA., under direction of Brigadier General J. D. Webster.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

