
Resolved, That we are opposed to the principle of secession, and look upon all who support said principle as traitors to our Government.

Resolved, That hereafter, as heretofore, we will recognize the Constitution of the United States, and that alone, as the supreme law of our land, to which, though temporarily suspended here, we steadily look for that protection which, as American citizens, we are entitled to enjoy.

Resolved, That two members of this meeting be appointed to proceed as soon as practicable with a copy of these resolutions to the nearest Federal camp.

We do solemnly swear that we will not divulge to any one at all not present at this meeting anything connected therewith, or transpired threat, without the full consent and approbation of the chairman thereof, so help me God.

Be it resolved, That the penalty will be death for any person who reveals any part of the above obligation or resolution or proceeding of this meeting that has been transacted, or may hereafter be transacted at any subsequent.

The following-named persons will act to from resolutions for this meeting to be governed by: P. J. Standfield, A. J. PAGE tt, Asa Barnett, J. E. Beasly, JNO S. Long.

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Savannah, GA.,

Numbers 145. December 28, 1864.

* * * * *

V. Captain O. M. Poe, chief engineer, is hereby authorized, in the execution of instructions to build a line of defense for the city of Savannah, to remove or destroy buildings of any character, to give orders for the removal of any camp of troops or other obstacles in the way, and commanders of troops will assist Captain Poe as much as possible in the removal of camps that may interfere with his proposed line.

* * * * *

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Savannah, GA., December 28, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: In consequence of the rain I have postponed the review of Major-General Blair's command to 11 a. m. Friday, the 30th instant.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

