
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS WHEELER'S CORPS,

November 15, 1864.

I. All orders heretofore issued regarding destroying supplies and removing stock before the enemy are modified as follows:

II. All mills near the enemy's line of march will be rendered useless to the enemy by breaking the machinery, and, when practicable, by drawing off the water.

III. No mill building, corn-crib, or any other private property will be turned or destroyed by this command.

IV. All horses, mules, and other stock which citizens have left on the enemy's line of march will be driven off and proper receipts left for the same. When no owner can be found, accurate, accounts will be kept, so that the stock can be reclaimed by the owner.

V. Commanders of troops in falling back before the enemy will send reliable officers and men at least on day in advance to instruct citizens in which direction to drive their stock.

By order of Major - General Wheeler:

M. G. HUDSON,

First Lieutenant, Aide - de - Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

TUSCUMBIA, November 16, 1864 - 3 p. m.

General S. COOPER,

Richmond:

Reports of General Wheeler indicate that Sherman is about to move with three corps from Atlanta to Augusta or Macon; thence probably to Charleston or Savannah, where a junction may be formed with enemy's fleet. The threatened attack on Wilmington in that event must be intended for Charleston. I would advise all available force which can be spared from North and South Carolina be held ready to move to defense of Augusta or crossing of Savannah River, in conjunction with forces in State of Georgia. Should Sherman take Charleston or reach Atlantic coast, he might then re-enforce Grant. General Taylor has been ordered to move with the available forces into Georgia, and assume command of all troops operating against Sherman should he move as reported.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

LOVEJOY'S, [November] 16, 1864 - 11 a. m.

(Via Barnesville.)

General BRAGG:

Scouts from enemy's rear report that Sherman left Atlanta yesterday morning with Fifteenth, Seventeenth, and Twentieth Corps in two columns - one on Jonesborough, and one on McDonough road; cavalry on his flanks. Many houses been burned in Rome, Marietta, and Atlanta, and railroad bridge over Chattahoochee destroyed by the enemy. Enemy advancing this morning.

JOS. WHEELER,

Major - General.

(Same to Generals Beauregard, Cobb, Hardee, Hood, Smith, and Taylor, and Governor Brown.)

