
GRIFFIN, November 16, 1864 - 4 p. m.

(Received Richmond, 1. 10 p. m. 17th.)

General BRAGG:

Enemy checked this evening near Bear Creek. Enemy evidently marching to Macon.

JOS. WHEELER,

Major - General.

(Same to Generals Beauregard, Cobb, Hardee, Hod, Smith, Taylor, and Governor Brown.)

NEAR JONESBOROUGH, GA., November 16, 1864 - Daylight.

General H. B. HOOD,

Tuscumbia:

Fifteenth, Seventeenth, and Twentieth, with Kilpatrick's cavalry, left Atlanta yesterday morning in two columns - one on Jonesborough, and the other on McDonough road. Fourteenth Corps has reached Atlanta, giving Sherman four corps, fully 60,000 men.

JOS. WHEELER,

Major - General.

(Same to General G. T. Beauregard, Tuscumbia; General Braxton Bragg, Richmond; Lieutenant General Hardee, Charleston; Lieutenant General R. Taylor, Selma; Major - General Cobb, Macon; Major General G. W. Smith, Forsyth; Governor Joseph E. Brown, Milledgeville; Colonel M. H. Wright, Columbus.)

NOVEMBER 16, 1864.

Major - General WHEELER,

Jonesborough, GA.:

Telegraph me daily, whether you have news of importance or not. If Sherman advances to the south or east destroy all things in his front that might be useful to him, and keep a portion of your force constantly destroying his trains.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

CAMP STEPHENS, NEAR GRIFFIN, GA.,

November 16, 1864 - 9. 30 a. m.

Major - General WHEELER,

Commanding, &amp;c., near Lovejoy's:

GENERAL: The rear of my command arrived here at 3 o' clock this morning in very good condition, considering the night's march, for new troops. By 1 or 2 o'clock this afternoon they will, I think, be perfectly ready for anything that may turn up; in fact, are ready now if heavy work is necessary. My movements must, of course, depend in great degree upon the force and movements of the enemy and your ability to hold them in check. If too much engaged yourself please have one of your staff officers notify me of every change in the position of affairs. If the full force of the enemy is moving toward Macon my command should be well ahead of them to put the house in order for defense. If they move in full force toward Augusta it is still important for us to

