
reach Macon soon to take the cars. The rolling stock of this railroad is not adequate their losses in Atlanta. If they are not in largely superior force it is best for us to fight them here. You, I know, will appreciate mu anxiety to know the force and movements of the enemy. At General Cobb's request I inclose some papers which he wishes referred to you.

Yours very truly,

G. W. SMITH,

Major - General.

GRIFFIN, November 16, 1864 - 12 m.

Major - General WHEELER,

Commanding, &amp;c., near Lovejoy's:

GENERAL: Yours of 6 a. m. was received in my camp at 10. 35, and was forwarded to me here in a few minutes. Last night yours of 10. 30 was received at Bear Creek Station at 12 m. I call your attention to these delays; at this time they may be the cause of very serious evil. mine of 9. 30 a. m. would have been greatly modified had yours of 6 o' clock been previously received. I dislike to refer to these matters, but they are just now of great importance. The heavy column marching by McDonough makes it necessary, in my judgment, for this command to move promptly to Forsyth. I have sent for cars. If they come this afternoon will make arrangements for starting, leaving all commissary stores and forage not needed by my command for the use of yours. Colonel Dibrell has just come in. He says his instructions from you will justify his taking position near Griffin, toward McDonough, instead of six or seven miles southwest as now. He will report to you his exact position as soon as he selects. it. General Cobb and myself both recommended this strongly to Colonel Dibrell, and have no doubt it will meet with your approval. It is very important that this heavy column by McDonough should be opposed by a strong cavalry force. They are on the direct road from Atlanta to Macon. If they turn toward Augusta we ought still to be in Macon as soon as practicable. Colonel Anderson, of my staff, will hand you this, and give you my views more fully.

Yours, very truly,

G. W. SMITH,

Major - General.

SELMA, ALA., November 16, 1864.

Major - General WHEELER:

Please keep me advised of enemy's movements. I have your dispatches of yesterday and day before. Should enemy move east better telegraph General Hardee and Richmond direct.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant - General.

MACON, GA., [November 17,] 1864.

President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Sherman's move upon this place is formidable, and the most dangerous of the war. His policy is universal destruction. If by concentration of all forces that can be brought together Sherman's army could

