
be crushed, he having cut loose from his communications, it would be the greatest result of the war. The only mode I see for making defense and destroying Sherman is to order garrisons of Charleston, Savannah, and Wilmington here at once. If not beaten here will either march to Charleston or Savannah.

HOWELL COBB,

Major - General.

MACON, November 17, 1864.

General COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

I left Griffin at 10. 30 last night, and telegraphed the joint views of General Wheeler and myself. The enemy are advancing in two columns, by Griffin and McDonough, evidently moving on Macon. His forces estimated at 35,000, including Kilpatrick's cavalry. We are falling back rapidly to this place. The enemy will probably be here by Monday. We are too weak to resist them unless re-enforced promptly. The prisoners should be removed from this State.

HOWELL COBB,

Major - General.

MACON, Thursday Morning, November 17, 1864.

[Governor J. E. BROWN:]

DEAR GOVERNOR: Things are very bad here. Sherman in person is leading, say, 30,000 men against us. We are retreating as rapidly as possible, consistent with good order and efficiency. The militia are retreating in admirable order and good discipline, as General Cobb reports. I will meet them between this and Forsyth this evening. I believe the Legislature will grant you large and liberal powers. Tell them the country is in danger. Let all of her sons come to her rescue.

Yours, faithfully,

R. TOOMBS.

P. S. - We have called for the troops in Wilmington, Charleston, and Savannah. If we do defend here they will be on us by Monday. Cavalry force said to be below 6,000. Send all the troops you can. If we do not get help we must abandon this place.

Yours,

R. TOOMBS.

TUSCUMBIA, [November 17, 1864].

General S. COOPER,

Richmond:

General R. Taylor has been ordered to repair forthwith to Georgia and take command of all Confederate troops now operating against Sherman.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

TUSCUMBIA, November 17, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

I leave for Corinth this morning, whence I will move according to circumstances. No news since report of yesterday.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

