
TUSCUMBIA, [November 17, 1864].

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

General Wheeler reports from Jonesborough, GA., enemy advanced with infantry, artillery, cavalry, and wagons on morning of 15th instant, driving back our cavalry to Jonesborough.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

RICHMOND, [November 17, 1864].

General BEAUREGARD,

Tuscumbia:

Generals Cobb and Wheeler report Sherman moving with three corps on Macon. This information has probably been communicated to you, if not anticipated by you, but we are not informed. Have you taken measures to meet it? You are aware that few, if any, troops out of your department can now be sent to its defense.

By direction of the President:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., November 17, 1864.

General BEAUREGARD,

Tuscumbia, Ala.:

Your dispatch of yesterday just received. You were dispatched this morning respecting Sherman's movements on Macon. At same time General Taylor was telegraph to call for the reserve forces of his department, and if possible to aid in resisting the army of Sherman. Your order to General Taylor to move with the available forces into Georgia is approved. General Hardee was telegraphed this morning that his command, for the present, was extended to embrace all that part of Georgia south of the Chattahoochee River, and directing to move promptly to the scene of operations, and endeavor to obtain an adequate force by concentrating detachments from garrisons, convalescents from hospitals, reserves, militia, and volunteers. Copy of your dispatch has been sent to the President, and I await his further directions.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

NEAR GRIFFIN, GA., November 17, 1864 - 11 a. m.

Lieutenant - General HARDEE,

Charleston;

Enemy are turning their columns on shortest road to Macon. Scouts from enemy's rear reports Fourteenth Corps moving up to join Sherman.

JOS. WHEELER,

Major - General.

(Same to General Howell Cobb, Macon; Governor J. E. Brown, Milledgeville, and General R. Taylor, Selma.)

