
FORSYTH, November 18, 1864 - 10 p. m.

(Received 19th.)

General BRAGG:

Enemy pressing on rapidly.

JOS. WHEELER,

Major - General.
HEADQUARTERS,Florence, Ala., November 18, 1864.

Major - General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry, Griffin, GA.:

Your dispatched of 17th received. It is very important that you should not allow any portion of your mounted force to be shut up in a besieged city, but keep them constantly harassing the enemy, destroying his trains, and cutting off his foraging parties.

J. B. HOOD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Florence, Ala., November 18, 1864.

Major - General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry, Griffin, GA.:

In returning the section of artillery to Roddey which is with Hannon, you need only send the men and horses, as other and better guns have been obtained.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

FORSYTH, November 18, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Major - General WHEELER,

Commanding, &amp;c.

GENERAL: About half of my infantry started for Macon by rail last night, and the trains have this moment returned. The rest of the infantry will be put upon the cars in a few minutes. I sent fourteen pieces of artillery, under Major Palmer, for Macon at 1 o'clock this morning. My wagon train has started, and as soon as the infantry are off I will start. General Beauregard telegraphs me that General Taylor has been ordered to take command of troops in Georgia. In meantime directs everything to be done to check Sherman's advance, which, in my opinion, can, under present circumstances, be best done by the infantry, by being in the fortifications at Macon, leaving the outside work to the cavalry. There is a large amount of stores here; I will endeavor to get cars sent up to remove them. In case you have to fall back suddenly to this place please notify the trains below. I received information this morning that a large farce of the enemy were moving down the Georgia railroad. If this is so, and I am disposed to credit the man who sent the information, Sherman may stop on the Towaliga and move the mass of his forces east. In that case he will endeavor to break Central railroad to prevent our going by rail to Augusta. I shall always be glad to hear how you are getting on.

Yours, very truly,

G. W. SMITH,

Major - General.

