
AUGUSTA, November 23, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

Your dispatch received and orders obeyed. Nothing definite known of enemy's advance. I will keep you advised of all information I received from military authorities here.

W. M. BROWNE.

AUGUSTA, November 23, 1864. - 9. 10 p. m.

Dr. W. S. MORRIS:

Major Hartridge drove enemy back across river. General Wayne with militia and operator back again, and office reopened. Enemy have taken flat - boat; am building another.

J. A. BRENNER,

Superintendent.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 24, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the information of the President.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., November 23, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Augusta, GA.:

The law which restricts reserve troops to service within their State has been suspended for sixty days. I did not suppose those at Wilmington could be spared. You will exercise a large discretion in the disposition of the forces which may be made available.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

SAVANNAH, November 23, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Adjutant and Inspector General:

I left Macon Monday night for this place, via Fort Valley, Albany, and Thomasville, and reached here tonight. When I left Macon I could hear of no enemy west of the Ocmulgee. The enemy had not been at Forsyth, Griffin, or Barnesville. It was believed that Sherman was moving with his main force on Augusta. I could, however, gain no definite or reliable information respecting the movements of the enemy's infantry. Wheeler attacked the enemy's cavalry at Clinton Sunday's, but gained no advantage and got no information. The same day Colonel Crews drove the enemy from Griswold, but being re-enforced, Crews was in turn driven from the place. Monday Wheeler advanced on Griswold and drove Kilpatrick, who retreated on Milledgeville. Believing Macon would not be attacked, in which my principal officers concurred, I ordered General Smith's entire force, and a part of Cobb's, to move on Augusta via the Central railroad. This road was broken, but as far as heard from could be easily repaired. Lieutenant - General Taylor was in Columbus Monday, and was expected at Macon Tuesday following, and would assume command.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant - General.

