
to his movements. Should the enemy leave the railroad and strike toward Augusta you will get on his flank, annoy him as much as possible, and communicate promptly and constantly with Lieutenant -General Hardee at Savannah. The lieutenant - General commanding desires you on receipt of this to endeavor to learn the present whereabouts, if possible, of Carswell's brigade, Georgia militia, now commanded by Colonel Willis, which must be somewhere south of the railroad and this side of the Oconee. The enemy is reported to have left Clinton about sundown this evening, taking the direct Milledgeville road. Brigadier - General Ferguson and Colonel Breckinridge have been ordered to follow closely, harassing him as much as possible, and send scouts to the right for the purpose of getting in communication with and received orders from you.

I am, General, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

RICHMOND, November 23, 1864.

General A. R. WRIGHT,

Augusta, GA.:

I deem it very fortunate that you are in position to exercise at the same time the authority of your Confederate and state commission. The Adjutant - General, C. S. A., will issue an order placing you on duty in Georgia. This telegram in the meantime will be sufficient for that purpose.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

AUGUSTA, November 23, 1864.

President DAVIS,

Richmond:

I am here with a portion of my command; more expected.

JAS. CHESMUT, Jr.,

Brigadier - General.

AUGUSTA, November 23, 1864.

General McLAWS:

Making every preparation for defense. General Bragg telegraphs that he will leave today with re-enforcement. Chesnut and Gartrell are here. People much more cheerful.

B. D. FRY,

Brigadier - General.

CHARLESTON, November 23, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

If any troops are sent from Virginia I ask that Major Basigner's battalion be of the number. His officers and men are instructed in the use of heavy artillery. There is but one company here now to man the city batteries, and I am in daily expectation of an attack by water. Re-enforcement are absolutely essential here.

SAM. JONES,

Major - General.

