
SAVANNAH, November 24, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

I left Macon to go to Augusta, believing my presence there more necessary than at Macon. Since my arrival here I have learned with pleasure that General Bragg is orders there. there was fighting today at Ball's Ferry, near the Oconee bridge; the enemy was repulsed. I have 600 or 700 men guarding the Oconee bridge and the river.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant - General.

RICHMOND, VA., November 24, 1864.

General W. J. HARDEE,

Savannah, GA.:

When the purpose of the enemy shall be developed every efforts must be made to obstruct the route on which he is moving, and all other available means must be employed to delay his march, as well as to enable our forces to concentrate, as to reduce him to want of the necessary supplies. Your attention is called to the prisoners of war who have been collected in Ware County. The position is, I suppose, only designed for temporary occupation. You will keep in constant communication with General Bragg, while you remain on the coast, so as to have entire unity of design and operation.

JEFF'N DAVIS.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 279. Richmond, Va., November 24, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XLI. Brigadier General A. R. Wright, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to duty with the forces operating against General Sherman, commanding United States forces in Georgia.

* * * * * * *

By command of Secretary of War:

JOHN W. REILY,Assistant Adjutant - General.

OCONEE, November 24, 1864 - 1 a. m.

General McLAWS:

You must get some one else to remove stores from Tennille, for it is questioned if we get out of this pickle. Am holding the bridge, and holding Ball's Ferry, eight miles below, but how long my men can hold out, with the movements I can compelled to make against Kilpatrick's 3,000 men, will be the question.

H. C. WAYNE,

Major - General.

OCONEE, November 24, 1864.

General McLAWS:

The enemy have planted a battery in front of the bridge and are trying the shell us out.

H. C. WAYNE,

Major - General.

