
of our wounded was left behind and given up to the mercies of a prejudiced enemy. All those poor sufferers came with us through the wilderness of Georgia, and are all doing well. It is a consoling thought that even the remains of those noble martyrs are resting in soil which soon will be redeemed from treason and become our country once more. Lists of casualties have been forwarded.

Notwithstanding we were dependent on the country for the subsistence for men and beasts, and large numbers of forages were necessarily and constantly at large, the system adopted to regulate these parties was efficient enough even in the face of ubiquitous rebel cavalry on our flanks. The troops and animals were more than amply supplied. At times the men fared luxuriously; and while but very few of our men were taken prisoners, our foraging parties captured a considerable number of rebel officer and soldiers; in one instance they secured the bearer of important dispatches from General Hardee to General Wheeler.

I cannot look back on this campaign without feeling under the greatest obligations to the officers under my command. With the assistance of Generals Woods, Hazen, Smith, and Corse, there are but few things which cannot be achieved by such officers and men as the Fifteenth Army Corps is composed of. I had occasion before this to bring the services of the above generals, and of General Walcutt and other ofly to the notice of the major-General commanding the army. I here beg to express my high admiration of them.

My thanks are due to the officers of my staff, namely: Colonel Fort, chief quartermaster; Colonel Carpenter, chief commissary of subsistence; Major Gordon; acting senior aide-de-camp; Major Woodworth, medical inspector; Major Gillette, provost-marshal; Captains Whitehead and Wheeler, assistant adjutant-General; Captain Hubbard, acting aide-de-camp; Captain Perkins, acting assistant inspector-General; Lieutenant Dickey, commissary of musters; Lieutenant Perry, acting aide-de-camp; and Lieutenant Mitchell, ordnance officer. They performed their arduous duties with great zeal and proved to be reliable soldiers.

To Major Stolbrand I have to acknowledge important services during the campaign as chief of artillery of the corps. Through his energy and skill that branch of the arms which was under his immediate care was in most excellent condition.

Captain Klostermann, the acting chief engineer, filled the position with marked ability. He did most valuable services in exploring roads through the virgin forests of Johnson, Emanuel, Bolloch, and Bryant Counties, where for miles and miles there in so guide or landmark, and the compass his sole reliance.

I respectfully refer to the inclosed reports of my subordinate commanders.

I remain, your most obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Captain SAMUEL L. TAGGART,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee.

