
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., November 27, 1864.

General HARDEE,

Savannah:

Confer with General Bragg as to combinations against the present movements of the enemy. His command extends over your department.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

SAVANNAH, November 27, 1864-1 a. m.

General SAMUEL JONES:

Send Colonel Gonzales to me for a few days. I need intrenching tools; have your any to spare? I need light batteries or light guns how many can you give me? Answer immediate. It is reported that enemy's cavalry crossed Savannah River twenty miles below Augusta.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

SAVANNAH BARRACKS, November 27, 1864.

General SAM. JONES:

Have all railroad bridges in your district between Charleston and Savannah thoroughly guarded.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

AUGUSTA, November 28, 1864-5 p. m.

Colonel JOHN B. SALE,

Military Secretary, Richmond:

On 26th enemy started a heavy cavalry force in this direction from his main body near Sandersville, General Wheeler promptly following, leaving a portion of his force to confront Sherman. Kilpatrick reached vicinity of Waynesborough yesterday, where Wheeler overtook and attacked him. A running fight has continued to this time, the advantage with us. We are now driving them toward Millen. Young's command has just arrived, and will go forward to Wheeler, who will, I hope, be able to mount most of them from his captures. Devastation marks the enemy's route. Have nothing from the movements of enemy's infantry since Wheeler left their front. I fear they may cross the Savannah and make for Beaufort; it is perfectly practicable.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

MACON, November 28, 1864.

(Received 30th.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Forrest's cavalry cannot now be spared from the Army of Tennessee; moreover, it would not reach here in time. The whole of Wheeler's command is operating against Sherman's force. No news from General Hood. Enemy have evacuated Decatur.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

