HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,Augusta, November 30, 1864. (Received December 1.)

Colonel JOHN B. SALE,

Military Secretary, Richmond:

Following just received from Major-General Wheeler:

FOUR MILES WEST BUCK HEAD CHURCH,

November 29-9 p. m.

We fought General Kilpatrick all night and all day, charging him at every opportunity. Enemy fought stubbornly, and a considerable number of them killed. We stampeded and came near capturing Kilpatrick twice, but having a fleet horse he escaped bare headed, leaving his hat in our hands. Our own loss about 70, including the gallant General Robertson, severely wounded. Our troops all acted handsomely.

General Robertson has arrived here. His left arm is badly broken at the elbow, but he is doing well.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

AUGUSTA, November 30, 1864.

(Received December 1.)

Colonel JOHN B. SALE,

Military Secretary, Richmond:

To re-establish our communications west, I have ordered the immediate repair of the Georgia railroad to Atlanta. With exception of bridges the damage is reported as slight. We should also have a line of telegraph on that route.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

RICHMOND, November 30, 1864.

General BEAUREGARD:

(Care of Colonel W. m. Browne, Augusta, GA.)

Yours of the 24th received. It is probable that the enemy, if short of supplies, may move directly for the coast. When that is made manifest you will be able to concentrate your forces upon the one object, and, I hope, if you cannot defeat his attempt, that you may reduce his army to such condition as to be ineffective for further operations. Until Hood reaches the country proper of the enemy he can scarcely change the plans for Sherman's or Grant's campaigns. They would, I think, regard the occupation of Tennessee and Kentucky as of minor importance.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

SAVANNAH, November 30, 1864.

President DAVIS:

Have just reached here. Directed by General Beauregard to send you following dispatch, in his name:

MACON, GA., November 26-p. m.

President DAVIS,

Richmond:

I have ordered General Taylor to report forthwith, for present emergency, to General Hardee, but to return soon as practicable. Sherman is evidently moving rapidly to Atlantic coast for purpose of re-enforcing Grant. I have ordered again General Hood to take immediate active offensive operations to relieve General Lee. Railroads in Georgia destroyed by enemy are being repaired expeditiously. I hope to re-establish shortly direct communication with Richmond.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[W. M. BROWNE.]

