
SAVANNAH, November 30, 1864.

General S. JONES:

Have re-enforcements passed through Charleston? Hurry them on to Grahamville to General Smith.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

SAVANNAH, November 30, 1864.

Major-General JONES:

Dispatch received dated 4 p. m. says eight transports going up Broad River with troops aboard, and seven came down without troops. Enemy re-enforcing by every boat that goes up the river. Hurry forward the troops to Grahamville.

W. J. HARDEE.

[First indorsement.]

GENERAL: I send you all these dispatches without acting on any, because the matters embraced are so important that I have thought you ad better see them all, as they may suggest additional orders or modifications of those already given.

C. S. S.

[Second indorsement.]

Major STRINGFELLOW:

Hurry forward the troops now in this city to Grahamville. Send you brother to hurry them up, and see what they need in the way of arms, and have them supplies as far as possible. Major Pringle must hurry and start transportation.

[S. JONES,

Major-General.]

GRAHAMVILLE, November 30, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES:

General Hardee has directed me to turn over the command to the next officer in rank so soon as enough troops arrive from Charleston to relieve the Georgia militia, and has indicated General Robertson as the officer. I have, therefore, told General Robertson that it is necessary for him to remain here. We repulsed the enemy to-day in every attempt they made on our position. They had largely superior forces, but in repeated attacks during six hours failed to drive us an inch from the position first assumed by us. Hurry up all the forces intended for this section.

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

COLUMBIA, November 30, 1864.

General SAMUEL JONES:

The battalion of cadets will report to you for service within this State with these conditions: that I shall resume control of them at any moment that I or my successor may think proper. When Colonel De Saussure's forces join them I wish them to compose a part of his command for the present.

M. L. BONHAM.

