
COLUMBIA, November 30, 1864.

Major General S. JONES:

By order of the Governor I have directed the State troops who have not rendezvoused at Hamburg, but who are en route for the coast, to report to you to be forwarded. Will your order transportation for them?

A. C. GARLINGTON,

Aide-de-Camp and Inspector-General.

RALEIGH, November 30, 1864.

Honorable j. A. SEDDON:

Can you give me any information of affairs in Georgia to lay before the Legislature that would assist in inducing them to authorize sending the State troops beyond the State line? Such a proposition is now before our legislature, and my total ignorance of the situation prevents my urging it with sufficient force. Answer immediately.

Z. B. VANCE.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., November 30, 1864.

Governor Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

There is urgent need for more forces to meet the advance of General Sherman's army, and to prevent its junction with forces being landed and threatening movement at Pocotaligo. Latest accounts make it still doubtful whether Sherman is not marching on Augusta. General Wheeler has just telegraphed that the infantry of the enemy have turned to a road leading to that city. General Bragg has suggested that as the movement near Pocotaligo frees Wilmington from the danger of attack, the reserves from North Carolina should be sent to him, and the matter is now under General Lee's consideration. It would be wise, as well as patriotic, on the part of North Carolina to give all assistance possible to defeat for frustrate the designs of Sherman while remote from her borders. General Beauregard telegraphs his opinion that Sherman's ultimate design is to re-enforce General Grant.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

AUGUSTA, December 1, 1864-12 m.

Colonel JOHN B. SALE,

Military Secretary, Richmond:

* * * The [enemy's] cavalry having been driven in, the enemy's main force was yesterday found near Louisville, with strong outposts in this direction. They have secured large supplies in the country; but our cavalry is now all up, and it is hoped they will be prevented, to a great extent, in future. The report from Savannah of the enemy's entrance into Millen on 27th was premature. Telegraphic communication was reopened to Savannah by that route yesterday. Enemy is just now reported as at Station 9, on Central railroad, advancing.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

(Extract submitted to the Secretary of War by Colonel Sale.)

