
AUGUSTA, December 1, 1864.

Colonel JOHN B. SALE,

Military Secretary, Richmond:

Following received from Lieutenant-General Taylor, at Savannah:

General Hardee is at Grahamville. No fighting since yesterday evening, when enemy was driven five miles, leaving their dead on the field.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

AUGUSTA, December 1, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch* to General Beauregard has been received and forwarded. I have had no intelligence from him.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

GRAHAMVILLE, December 1, 1864.

General McLAWS:

The enemy are now seriously threatening Coosawhatchie. It is absolutely necessary to keep the two trains here at present.

G. W. SMITH.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,Augusta, GA., December 1, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER:

GENERAL: General Ferguson reports from Farmer's Bridge road. His note is inclosed, + though it is hoped you have made a junction ere this. The general is instructed to report to you. With this increased force it is hoped you will be able to cover the enemy's front and retard his movements much, whatever may be his line of march. The bridges, causeways, &amp;c., on all creeks should be destroyed; forest trees should be felled at every point where they will obstruct the march; fences may be pulled down and used-indeed, every expedient which ingenuity may suggest should be adopted to retard the enemy's movements. At the same time you should keep your fighting force close in his front, so as to make him work under every disadvantage. To enable you successfully to carry out these orders you are authorized to impress, for temporary use, all the laborers and tools necessary, and tousle the means of the people in the country, as far as they may be of advantage. Supplies of all kinds useful to the enemy and not required for your use must be destroyed. You will observe by the map that Rocky Creek still remains to be crossed if the enemy move to Savannah, and Brier Creek should he move here. These swampy streams are represented as impassable, except at the regular bridges, and afford you the means of greatly retarding the enemy. Let it be known through the country generally that we are very largely re-enforced here and at Savannah, and are prepared for any movement on us. We have troops from Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina, and the troops from Macon

---------------

*Of November 30, p. 911.

+See November 30, 1. 30 p. m., p. 912.

---------------

