HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE, Georgia MILITIA,Altamaha Bridge, December 2, 1864.

R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In accordance with instructions from General McLaws I proceeded on yesterday to this point. I left Colonel Sims, with the Twelfth Regiment, at the west end of Ogeechee bridge, with instructions to hold that and King's Bridge. I have made my headquarters with two regiments, on the island on the east side of Morgan's Lake. I have a company posted at the eastern trestle-work of this crossing, a guard at the east end of the main bridge. At Johnston Station there is a militia company from McIntosh County, picketing down the river. At Doctor Town, on the west side of the river, there are three small companies of militia; they have sent a scouting party up the river on the east side, and have mounted pickets, one at Clark's Bluff and one at Pinhominy, both below on the west side of the river. My position here is such that I can go easily to either side of the river. My position here is such that I can go easily to either side of the river. My force is, however, not large; the brigade is a small one at best, and many of the men dropped out at home on their way here. I have, aggregate, at Ogeechee, 147 men; at Altamaha, 220 men. I could not make a more equal distribution without breaking the regiments, which, in consequence of the want of field officers, I did not think wise. We are now on the second day without regular rations.

Respectfully,

H. K. McKAY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DOCTOR TOWN, December 2, 1864.

Colonel T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Will arrive at 11 a. m. with 600 men. Please send inspector to point out campaign-grounds. Send rations to depot.

L. VON ZINKEN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

AUGUSTA, December 2, 1864.

General WHEELER:

The movements of the enemy yesterday indicate a tendency toward Savannah. You should press down upon him, keep in his front, cut off his foraging parties, and skirmish with him hourly. He should not be allowed to get between you and Savannah. The officers who tore up the railroad bridge should be removed.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

AUGUSTA, December 2, 1864.

General WHEELER:

Have you scout well to the rear of the enemy, and be prepared to strike. I leave here this evening with 10,000 men; will be followed by portion of General Wade Hampton's cavalry, under General Young. Answer by 9 o'clock, if possible, or have courier meet me at Waynesborough.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

