HEADQUARTERS WILLIAMS' Kentucky BRIGADE,Junction of Waynesborough and Warrenton and Farmer's

Bridge Roads, December 2, 1864-5 p. m.

ASST. ADJT. General, WHEELER'S CAVALRY CORPS:

LIEUTENANT: Since receiving General Wheeler's order to report to General Cobb I have been operating in the rear of the left flank of the enemy; have been engaged several times. I followed Howard's Right Wing, consisting of Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps, to near McIntyre's, on Central railroad; then moved to Milledgeville, and crossed the Oconee; then by forced march crossed Ogeechee at Fenn's Bridge. I have reason to believe the Fifteenth Corps crossed Oconee at Jackson's Ferry, two miles above Central railroad bridge; the Seventeenth, at Ball's Ferry, six miles below the railroad. I struck the Twentieth Corps on Tuesday a mile and a half from Louisville, on the Fenn's Bridge road; on Wednesday the Fourteenth Corps, two miles and a half from Louisville, on Patterson's Bridge road, and three miles from Louisville, on Farmer's Bridge road; and on yesterday had a very severe fight with a large cavalry force (part of Kilpatrick's corps) nine miles Louisville, on the Waynesborough road. I have lost many men and valuable officers, and I have captured some prisoners; some I sent to Macon, some turned over to General Ferguson, with whom I have been co-operating, though not under his orders, he thinking it best for us to act independently, but close enough to support each other. A large force of cavalry and at least two divisions of infantry, scouts report, left Louisville yesterday morning. The infantry encamped on the place of Mrs. Netherland, some thirteen miles from Louisville. I think the main force of Slocum have passed down the two Savannah roads-the one to Birdville, the other near the railroad. If I do not receive orders to-night I will move to the Waynesborough road, thence to the Birdville road. I have not definite information of your headquarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. P. BRECKINRIDGE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS LEWIS' BRIGADE,Ray's Bridge, December 2, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER:

GENERAL: At the time of receiving your order to halt where I was I had three regiments with me, about three-quarters of a mile from Waynesborough, on Ray's Bridge road, the remaining two regiments on their way from railroad to Ray's Bridge to join me at Waynesborough. Apprehending an attempt of the enemy to reach Ray's Bridge, I left one regiment near Waynesborough and two others disposed and fortified on the road toward the bridge. One regiment is here at this point and the other at railroad bridge. I have sent scouts on all the roads in the direction of Millen. I have not sent scouts in the direction of Numbers 9 or Louisville, for the reason that I met a scouting party sent by you from Harrison's brigade upon those roads. No enemy have appeared in front of Waynesborough, or nearer than four miles. I have received direct and reliable information that no enemy had been at Millen up to 8 a. m., nor have they been seen anywhere east or below Waynesborough and Millen road. An intelligent gentleman now present, Dr. T. A. Ward, states the first bridge below railroad

