
SAVANNAH, December 3, 1864.

General SAMUEL JONES:

Send the cadets to join the militia at Grahamville.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

COLUMBIA, December 3, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES:

Telegram received at 9 p. m. I do not wish the cadets sent to Savannah. I have received no request to send them, and know no reason for it.

M. L. BONHAM.

COLUMBIA, December 3, 1864.

Major General S. JONES:

If General Bragg has expressed no wish for the cadets to remain at Charleston send them to Grahamville, to report to Colonel De Saussure, at that place. Since I telegraphed you General Bragg telegraphs me that De Saussure's destination was Grahamville, but put Savannah through mistake. He has been halted at the former place.

M. L. BONHAM.

AUGUSTA, December 4, 1864.

(Received 1 p. m.)

Colonel JOHN B. SALE,

Military Secretary, Richmond:

The column is moving on what is known as "Eastern road to Savannah. " There are several ferries from mouth of Brier Creek to Charleston and Savannah Railroad bridge; none below that. General Hardee reports he is patrolling river with a gun-boat. I have had all ferry-boats destroyed, and ordered all roads to and from river to be broken up and blockaded by felling heavy timber. The roads all pass by causeway to the river, on both sides, over dense swamps. None of enemy's forces remain near Macon, and from best information I can obtain it is thought all of ours have left there for Savannah. The Georgia militia who were on Central railroad moved back toward Savannah, and at last accounts were at Station 4 1\2, our cavalry, however, far in advance of them.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

SAVANNAH, December 4, 1864.

(Received 5th.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Skirmishing with the enemy's infantry this evening at Station 4 1/2, Central railroad, forty-five miles from the city. Two corps of the enemy reported by prisoners to be marching on either side of the Ogeechee. The defense of the South Carolina railroad from Savannah to Charleston requires 3,000 men. Can I expect re-enforcements from Richmond?

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

