
COOSAWHATCHIE, December 6, 1864.

Major STRINGFELLOW:

The Forty-seventh Georgia just arrived. Section of artillery will come by next train. Send 40,000 rounds ammunition, caliber . 69. Some of the boxes have no caps. We have only 35 wounded, most of them slightly.

L. J. GARTRELL.
HEADQUARTERS,December 6, 1864-2. 40 o'clock.

Major General S. JONES,

Commanding:

GENERAL; The enemy advanced in heavy force from Gregory's Point. They are now on the road from Old Pocotaligo to this place (Coosawhatchie), and on both sides. We fought them two hours and a half, but had to fall back to our works. If you send a force in their rear, on the road from Old Pocotaligo, it will not only assist us, but probably cut off the enemy. Some provision had better be made to prevent their getting between you and us. I would have communicated with you by telegraph, but the operator says the wires are cut. I must have some old troops; the new ones won't stand.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. J. GARTRELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

COOSAWHATCHIE, December 6, 1864.

General JONES:

The enemy advanced in large force on the road from Gregory's. We met them and drove them back. They were re-enforced, and, portion [of] the troops becoming demoralized, I ordered them to fall back to this side of the river. Enemy not pursuing. The engagement lasted two hours and a half. Loss slight. Send Forty-seventh Georgia Volunteers and any other troops you can spare. The main attack seems to be intended for this point. I would have dispatched you sooner, but being at the front and informed by operator that the line would not work, I sent a courier some time since. We can hold this place. Ammunition is getting short.

L. J. GARTRELL.

POCOTALIGO, December 6, 1864.

Colonel A. C. EDWARDS,

Commanding Forty-seventh Georgia Regiment:

COLONEL: Brigadier-General Gartrell has been ordered to send your regiment to the position now occupied by the State Cadets, at the Tullifinny trestle, on the railroad, where to her troops, under Lieutenant-Colonel Bacon, will be collected before morning. You will be the ranking officer, and will therefore take command. Colonel Bacon's command, with the cadets, will number about 550 men, with two pieces artillery. At the earliest dawn of day you will move down by a plantation road, which crosses the railroad near the Tullifinny trestle and nearly parallel

