
to Tullifinny Creek, until it intersects the road from Old Poco to Coosaw, about 150 yards on the Coosaw side. Lieutenant-Colonel Bacon has a guide with him who knows the road, and you will therefore confer with him. Attack the enemy vigorously at that point and drive him off if possible. The Fifth Georgia will attack in front of Coosawhatchie when your fire is heard. Carry out these instructions promptly and with spirit.

Very respectfully,

C. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 6, 1864.

Major STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Courier from Mackay's Point reports the enemy as having landed a regiment of about 500 men at the junction of the Coosawhatchie and Tullifinny.

E. H. BACON,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

POCOTALIGO, December 6, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BACON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: The major-General commanding has ordered Colonel Edwards, of the Forty-seventh Georgia, to the position near the trestle-work on the railroad now occupied by the State Cadets. Leave the cavalry company (Captain Peeples') to picket the road to Coosawhatchie and watch the position at Tullifinny Bridge, and proceed with the rest of your command to report to Colonel Edwards at the place designated. That officer has been ordered to move at the earliest dawn of day to attack the enemy in flank and rear. The guide Craddock left with you knows the road. Inform Major Jackson that the baggage of his command will be at the crossing of the country road over the railroad by the time you reach that point. Move promptly. If you have or can procure any axes carry them with you to clear out the [sic] should the enemy blockade it; Captain Bachman has perhaps some with his battery. Direct Captain Peeples to keep the major-General commanding fully informed of any movement on the road to Pocotaligo.

Your obedient servant,

C. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUSTA, December 7, 1864.

(Received 11. 52 o'clock.)

General S. COOPER:

General Beauregard reached here last evening from Montgomery, where he received your dispatch, and has gone on this morning to Charleston and Savannah. The enemy's rear crossed Beaver Dam Creek yesterday morning, south, our cavalry pressing them closely.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

