
GRAHAMVILLE, December 8, 1864.

[General BRAXTON BRAGG:]

The enemy are still moving on toward Savannah, obstructing the roads in their rear, and resisting warmly this morning. I cannot learn that any force of the enemy have crossed the Savannah River. I hear artillery firing far in my front; do not know what it means. The Fourteenth Corps and Kilpatrick's cavalry are on the river road, Fifteenth on Middle Ground road, and Seventeenth, and probably Twentieth Corps, on Central railroad. I think the force on the right bank of the Ogeechee must be small.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER.

(Same sent by General Bragg to Colonel John B. Sale, military secretary, December 9, 1864.)

SISTER'S FERRY, December 8, 1864-5 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER:

GENERAL: Your two dispatches of 10 and 12. 30 o'clock have been received. Sister's Ferry is the lowest point at which the enemy can cross the river. There is an old ferry about twenty-five miles lower down which has been discontinued for near thirty years, and I have a strong picket there and an engineer throwing up works. No flats or boats there to cross with. A gun-boat which was up here to protect this crossing has gone down to the railroad bridge to protect that point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. J. COLCOCK,

Colonel Third South Carolina Cavalry.

CHARLESTON, December 8, 1864-11 a. m.

Major General SAM. JONES:

Have measures been adopted for obstructing with torpedoes all roads leading from Savannah River ferry toward Port Royal? Are services of Mr. Fraser Matthewes and about twenty hands required for that object?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

COOSAWHATCHIE, December 8, 1864-10. 20 a. m.

Major STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Enemy occupies same position. All quiet this morning. My effective force this morning (infantry, cavalry, and artillery) is 1,683.

L. J. GARTRELL.

COOSAWHATCHIE, December 8, 1864-2. 35 p. m.

Major STRINGFELLOW:

I will send morning report by courier. Enemy has constructed works across the main road where it intersects with Gregory's road, one mile

