
III. Brigadier General Stephen Elliott is assigned to the temporary command of the Third Sub-District of South Carolina, the western limit of which is extended to Rantowles Creek, as formerly existed.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 9, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps;

GENERAL: Captain Thomas, of Perrin's regiment, has just got in from the other side of Ogeechee. He reports that about two divisions of infantry, 600 cavalry, and 3,000 beef-cattle were passing down the other side that stream. He followed them twelve miles beyond Swainsborough. Captain Thomas also reports that he saw a dispatch from General Bragg to you going toward Augusta to inform you that a steamer and several small boats were at Augusta subject to your orders. In this connection I would call your attention to the fact that not one of your couriers have brought me a dispatch on this

campaign until the circular this morning. Even the dispatch sent yesterday morning, when our headquarters were on the same road and only five miles apart, was handed me to-day by one of my own men.

I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. FERGUSON,

Brigadier-General.

SAVANNAH, December 9, 1864.

Major-General JONES:

Information it that Yankee scouts, in guise of Wheeler's stragglers, have found means to communicate with enemy on the coast. Tell your subordinates to look to it.

W. J. HARDEE.

CHARLESTON, December 9, 1864-5. 15 a. m.

General SAM. JONES:

Will send the cavalry company at once by rail unless you wish it to march. Am attending now to torpedoes; will use every exertion to send some during day.

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

POCOTALIGO, December 9, 1864-12 m.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE,

Savannah:

About 9 a. m. the enemy opened a heavy fire from ten or twelve guns on the railroad between Tullifinny trestle and Coosawhatchie, and followed it up by an infantry attack. We still hold the road, and the fire

