
has slackened. General Robertson is commanding there in person. If Generals Chestnut's and Young's [troops] can possibly be spared for a few days I respectfully urge that I be allowed to keep them. They, or some other troops, are absolutely essential to hold this road.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

SAVANNAH, December 9, 1864.

General SAMUEL JONES:

In addition to General Young's men, which I ordered you to take, apply to General Chestnut to send you the 500 men which I ordered from him to Savannah.

W. J. HARDEE.

POCOTALIGO, December 9, 1864-6. 45 p. m.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE,

Savannah:

The enemy kept up heavy artillery fire on railroad from 9 this morning, occasionally engaging with their infantry. About 4. 30 this evening they made vigorous attack, and after two hours and a half hard fighting were repulsed. Their effort to get possession of the road seems more determined and persistent, and I apprehend the attack will be renewed to-night or in the morning. Have ordered up a part of Chestnut's force and Young's dismounted men.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

POCOTALIGO, December 9, 1864-7 p. m.

Captain H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston:

The enemy renewed the attack vigorously near Coosawhatchie about 4. 30 o'clock this evening, and after two hours and a half hard fighting were repulsed. Hurry forward any troops coming this way.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

COOSAWHATCHIE, December 9, 1864-9. 25 a. m.

Major STRINGFELLOW:

The enemy opened their batteries on the railroad about 9 o'clock. Nearly all the shells fall short. I am just starting to that side, leaving General Gartrell in command here.

B. H. ROBERTSON.

COOSAWHATCHIE, December 9, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES:

Enemy seems to have halted as uncertain in his movement. Nothing but desultory cannonading. There is a large extent of railroad unguarded, and I have not force sufficient to protect it. Enemy reported cutting road parallel to the railroad.

B. H. ROBERTSON,

Brigadier-General.

