
CHARLESTON, December 11, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

General Hardee reports yesterday from Savannah enemy have appeared in force along whole of his main line. Skirmishing and artillery firing throughout the day. No serious attack yet. No report received from General Hood since 28th ultimo.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

CHARLESTON, December 11, 1864.

(Received 3 a. m. 12th.)

General S. COOPER:

No further reports from General Hardee since this morning's telegram. All quiet to-day near Coosawhatchie. Preparations are being made to dislodge enemy at that point.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS,

Savannah, December 11, 1864.

Major-General McLAWS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Hardee directs me to say that the supply of ammunition at this place is limited, especially for artillery, and desires that you take measures to prevent the useless waste of it. He wishes you to impress upon your commanding officers the necessity for economy, and to instruct them to prevent any unnecessary firing.

Respectfully, General, your obedient servant,

D. H. POOLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 11, 1864-1 p. m.

COLONEL: The enemy have little or no cavalry in my front. As far as can be ascertained they have a considerable force of infantry. They are encamped near a creek and beyond it from us. The creek can only be crossed on the bridge, in consequence of swamps on either side. I dismounted a portion of the command and tried to drive them off, but they are too strong. The camp has the appearance of at least a brigade. It is difficult to obtain accurately their force. Pickets have been exchanging shots with them occasionally during the morning. Small arms can be distinctly heard in direction of Savannah.

I am, Colonel, respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOS. H. LEWIS,

Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Savannah, GA., December 11, 1864.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry, Corps:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Hardee asks your special attention to the matter of picketing the Savannah River from the railroad bridge

