
to the city. The enemy have captured some flats on the island plantations, and may cross and strike our line of communication between Screven's Ferry and Hardeeville. The general thinks there should be 1,000 men on this service. He has dispatched Brigadier-General Anderson on the subject, but does not know whether his dispatch has been received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Savannah, December 11, 1864-6 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

Lieutenant-General Hardee is apprehensive that the enemy may cross the Savannah River between the railroad bridge and the city on flats captured on the island plantations and get on his line of communication. He considers it important to provide against such a contingency, and desires you to transfer to the left bank of the river a sufficient force to protect his left flank. He also thinks it best that you should cross the river and establish your headquarters at Hardeeville, or some other convenient locality.

Respectfully, General, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBIA, December 11, 1864.

President DAVIS:

It is to be feared the force at Coosawhatchie is insufficient to save the road. I have ordered out all the State forces that can be spared. Cannot some of the infantry and cavalry from this State be sent to her assistance? The loss of that road will isolate Savannah.

M. L. BONHAM.

CHARLESTON, December 11, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES:

General Hardee applies for two of your Georgia regiments to re-enforce or support him. It is essential that you should dislodge enemy in your front soon as possible.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

CHARLESTON, December 11, 1864-2. 15 p. m.

Major General SAM. JONES:

For [sic] movements additional troops could be withdrawn from General C[hesnut] by having trains ready to carry them to and from G[rahamville]. Beware of deserters, and make use of false rumors to conceal your operations.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

