
unadvisable to withdraw Miller's company from Thunderbolt. Upon consultation with the engineers it has been decided that neither of the canal bridges would bear the weight of the Blakely gun, and Colonel Jones has sent you two field pieces from Hamilton's battalion instead. From of the rockets required have been sent to you, and the remainder will be taken by the bearer of this dispatch.

Very respectfully, General, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. McLAWS' DIVISION, Numbers 1. Telfair Place, December 12, 1864.

I. The staff of the major-General commanding is announced as follows: Major J. S. Williams, assistant inspector-General; Captain R. W. B. Elliot, assistant adjutant-General; Captain M. P. King, assistant inspector-General; Captain G. B. Lamar, aide-de-camp and acting assistant well, acting chief artillery and ordnance; Surg. John D. Patton, chief surgeon division; Captain N. B. Brown, chief quartermaster.

II. The headquarters of the division are for the present located at Telfair Place.

By order of Major General L. McLaws:

R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., December 12, 1864.

Governor BONHAM,

Columbia, S. C.:

Yours of the 11th instant received. I have for some time realized the importance of adding veteran troops to the force assembled to resist Sherman, and have corresponded with General Lee on the subject. The recent operations of the enemy have increased the previously entertained estimate of the danger of detaching troops from the Army of Virginia. My anxiety will render me prompt to respond to your request should it become practicable to do so, and General Lee will in no degree withhold any further assistance which he can give consistently with the safety of his position.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

POCOTALIGO, December 12, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Augusta:

General Jones is out inspecting his lines in front. Will deliver your dispatch on his return. General Beauregard is in Charleston. No news from Savannah to-day. Enemy reported to have burned trestle at Savannah River yesterday. Heavy cannonading heard here. The route to Savannah by Hardeeville and Screven's Ferry was open last evening, and I presume is still. Enemy still in our immediate front in force.

Respectfully,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

