
will urge upon the railroad men the necessity of keeping at east two trains this side Coosawhatchie. If I had an engine I would run up and have a talk with you. I will execute your orders at once.

Most respectfully,

P. M. B. YOUNG,

Brigadier-General.

AUGUSTA, December 13, 1864.

Colonel JOHN B. SALE:

I go to Charleston to-morrow to see General Beauregard, at his request. He has assigned me to duty.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

RICHMOND, VA., December 13, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

I have anxiously desired to send re-enforcements, but events have rendered it impracticable to add to those forwarded some time since. Should a charge of circumstances render it possible to do more no time will be lost in doing so. Should the enemy's fleet be detached for operations against Savannah the opportunity will be presented for our squadron at Charleston to assume the offensive, and perhaps to des tory his depot at Port Royal.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., December 13, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

Your last dispatch was communicated to General Lee. He replies as follows:

Every available man at the South should now be sent to Savannah. As long as Grant retains his present force here I do not think this army (Northern Virginia) can be weakened. If he withdraws any part I can detach proportionately. If the Department thinks otherwise I will send whatever it directs.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CHARLESTON, December 13, 1864-9. 15 p. m.

(Received 9. 20 14th.)

General S. COOPER:

General Hardee reports to-day from Savannah enemy felt his lines sharply Saturday and Sunday, but was comparatively quiet yesterday and has made no serious demonstration to-day. A battery opened yesterday on Fort McAllister, and Major Anderson expected to be attacked to-day by a column along right bank of Ogeechee. General Jones reports nothing new on line of Savannah railroad. No reports from General Hood since the 18th ultimo.

BEAUREGARD,

General.

