
CHARLESTON, S. C., December 13, 1864.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE,

Savannah, GA.:

About 450 men will be sent you to-day with instructions to General Jones to divert them, if necessary, to defenses of New River and those east to Screven's Ferry Causeway. These re-enforcements are the last you and Jones, who is subject to your orders, can hope for. Keep yourself well advised, through staff and otherwise, of his ability to hold your communication, for Savannah must be held only so long as is consistent with the safety of its garrison.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

SAVANNAH, December 13, 1864.

Major General L. McLAWS:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of to-day in regard to communicating with Fort McAllister reached me this evening. Prior to its reception a telegram had been received from Beaulieu announcing the fall of the fort. It was carried by assault near sundown, after severe and continuous fighting throughout the day. A subsequent dispatch from the commanding officer at Rosedew states that a communication by signal had been received from Fort McAllister, without signature, reporting the loss of the work and representing the officers unhurt, with the exception of Captain Morrison, reported wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD C. ANDERSON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Savannah, GA., December 13, 1864.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER:

I am instructed by Lieutenant-General Hardee to repeat that he considers it important that a force of your command should promptly transferred to the vicinity of Hardeeville for the security of that depot and to protect his line of communication, which may be threatened from New River as well as from the Savannah.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PERRYSBURG, December 13, 1864.

Major General J. WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

I have received your request of this day's date to cross troops of your command over the Savannah River at Sister's Ferry. I will proceed promptly and effect the object of your request.

Very respectfully,

W. W. HUNTER,

Flag Officer.

