
RICHMOND, VA., December 17, 1864.

General W. J. HARDEE,

Savannah, GA:

Beyond the force sent sometime since to Augusta, General Lee has not thus far found himself able to detach troops from his command. Should a change of circumstances permit further aid to be sent no time will be lost. Whether General Beauregard can secure the communication between Charleston and Savannah in the contingency referred to by you he can best inform you. Close observation will, I hope, enable you to know when the enemy shall send from your front any considerable force, that you may then provide for the safety of your communications and make the dispositions needful for the preservation of your army.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

DECEMBER 17, 1864-12 m.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER,

Commanding, &amp;c., at Cheves's House:

I am informed there is a large canal, known as the Lawrence Canal, passing by Cheves' farm and falling into Tunbridge Creek near the landing. This canal should be thoroughly obstructed, and protected by infantry and artillery if necessary. It is possible that the battery and obstructions at Tunbridge's protect the entrance of said canal. There are several bad placed in the main road from Hardeeville to your headquarters; they should be drained and corduroyed before another rain.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Memorandum for location of Troops.
HEADQUARTERS,Savannah, GA., December 18, 1864.

First. Smith's division (about 2,000), as soon as it shall reach Hardeeville, to go to Augusta via Charleston (transportation to be provided beforehand).

Second. Wright's division to be sent to Robertson's district as soon as it shall reach Hardeeville, General Robertson to report to Wright temporarily to advise as to disposition of the troops, and then to be assigned to the command of Gartrell's brigade. Colonel G. P. Harrison to be assigned to a brigade wherever his regiment is.

Third. McLaws' division to go, under command of Brigadier-General Taliaferro, to James Island as soon as it can be spared from Hardeeville.

Fourth. Major-General McLaws to relieve General Taliaferro of his present command at Pocotaligo, and to defend the line of the Combahee.

Fifth. Colonel E. C. Anderson' brigade to be sent to James Island (Third Sub-District of South Carolina) as soon as it shall reach Hardeeville.

Sixth. Young's brigade to be increased by the Seventh Georgia Cavalry (dismounted), commanded by Colonel E. C. Anderson, Jr.

