
Seventh. Wheeler's cavalry corps (that part of it east of the Savannah River) will guard the crossing of the Savannah and New Rivers, also the landing east of Screven's Ferry Causeway, until compelled by the enemy to retire. He will then guard and defend the country between the Savannah and the defensive line in rear of the Combahee. He will also guard the right flank of said line, resting at or near Barnwell, to Augusta.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

SAVANNAH, December 18, 1864.

Savannah: To remain two days after our troops have evacuated the city, to protect the evacuation; then to be ready to proceed to sea by the way of Augustine Creek. Lieutenant McAdams to take two boats from the Savannah to remove the torpedoes at Turner's Rocks.

Isandiga: After the evacuation of our troops will proceed up the river, if there are no enemy's batteries to prevent it, and join Flag-Officer Hunter; otherwise, to try the passage to sea by Augustine Creek.

Fire-Fly: Proceed up the river to join Flag-Officer Hunter.

Georgia: The general commanding will give notice of the time of dismantling Forts Jackson and Lee, when the guns will be spiked and shots jammed in the guns. the crew will leave the ship for Screven's Ferry, at the same time scuttling the ship effectually.

Guns on lower end of Hutchinson's Island: Spike the guns and jam shot in them; break the carriages.

The foregoing plan was adopted on the advice and approval of Generals Beauregard and Hardee.

THOS. W. BRENT,

Commandant Afloat, pro tem.

Morning report.

Command. 	 Total	 Total	 Aggregate	 Remarks.

 effectiv	 present.	 present.

 e.

Lewis' brigade. . . 	 590	 641	 699	 Includin

 	 	 	 g First

 	 	 	 Georgia

 	 	 	 Regulars

 	 	 	 .

Baker's brigade. . .	 1,922	 2,048	 2,133

Comming's brigade. .	 608	 660	 711

.

Company E, First	 80	 82	 84

South Carolina

Artillery. . .

Total. . . 	 3,200	 3,431	 4,627	 Includin

 	 	 	 g light

 	 	 	 artiller

 	 	 	 y.

R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS McLAWS' DIVISION,

Telfair Place, December 18, 1864,

