
SAVANNAH, December 18, 1864.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER:

General Beauregard directs me to inform you that, instead of to-day, he will meet you at Cheves' house about 6 a. m. to-morrow.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. CHISOLM,

Aide-de-Camp.

SAVANNAH, December 18, 1864.

(Via Hardeeville 19th.)

General SAM. JONES:

Send back to Florence all that part of Brooks' foreign battalion now at Summerville, under guard, and turn them over to the officer commanding Federal prisoners, to be confined as prisoners of far. Order the officers to rejoin their commands.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., December 19, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Petersburg, Va.:

The following dispatch just received from General Beauregard.

SAVANNAH, December 18, 1864.

(Via Hardeeville.)

General Sherman demanded the surrender of Savannah yesterday of General Hardee, which was refused. The loss of Savannah will be followed by that of the railroad from Augusta to Charleston, and soon after of Charleston itself. Cannot Hoke's and Johnson's division be spared for the defense of South Carolina and Georgia until part or whole of Hood's army could reach Georgia?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

I cannot realize the consequence as portrayed. But General Bragg has just returned; if you can have a conference with him you can better judge. Let me have your advice, and, if you choose, communicate with General Beauregard.

JEFF'N DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,December 19, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Dispatch of to-day received. Beauregard and Hardee must judge of necessity of evacuating Savannah. If done troops can be saved, and by uniting all in direction of Branchville any column marching on Charleston would be threatened and communication preserved. I cannot find that any troops have left Grant. He has united to him the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps. If Hoke and Johnson are sent south it will necessitate the abandonment of Richmond with the present opposing force.

R. E. LEE.

