
addition to this force about 200 men of the Seventh Georgia, under Colonel Anderson, and about 250 under Major Howard. I have also instructed General Taliaferro to come in person to Hardeeville with some re-enforcements, to keep in communication with you, and to bring to your assistance additional forces, provided they should be needed. The pontoon bridge is not yet completed, but the engineers hope to have it done by morning. Fight the enemy at every step if he attempts to advance, and keep me informed of everything relating to his movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

CHARLESTON, December 19, 1864.

General SAM. JONES:

The following just received from General Bragg, at Wilmington, dated to-day:

A large naval expedition, accompanied by transports and troops, said to have sailed from Hampton Roads on 16th instant; destination reported as Wilmington. As they have had ample time to arrive and we do not hear of them, they may have gone on to Sherman's assistance.

JNO M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., December 29, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

Dispatch of the 18th received. The enemy is concentrating before Wilmington, and the indications are that it will be speedily attacked. Grant has been re-enforced from Sheridan's army, and, so far as known, has not detached any portion of his troops. This sufficiently shows the impracticability of complying with your request for Hoke's and Johnson's division. You will be able to judge better than myself, should the necessity arise for the evacuation of Savannah, or of Charleston, and will realize the propriety of postponing such action as long as the safety of the army will permit. In the meantime it is proper that whatever is not needed for defense of either should be removed to place of greater safety. Non-combatants and all movable property should be sent away as promptly as possible. Should it be necessary to evacuate Savannah it is suggested than by massing principal part of your force so as to threaten route to Charleston its defense as well as communication with Augusta may be maintained, and the final withdrawal from Charleston secured if it should become necessary.

JEFF'N DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Pocotaligo, S. C., December 20, 1864.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Hardeeville:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to forward to you the accompanying memorandum of orders, which he wishes you to

