
[Inclosure.]

Memorandum of orders to be issued by Lieutenant-General Hardee immediately after the evacuation of Savannah.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Pocotaligo, December 20, 1864.

I. Major General G. W. Smith will proceed immediately with his command to Charleston, and thence to Augusta, after being relieved by other troops, as hereinafter directed.

II. Major-General McLaws' division (the senior brigadier commanding) and Colonel Anderson's brigade (preceding) will proceed immediately to Charleston and relive Major General G. W. Smith's division.

III. Major-General Wright's division and Brigadier-General Chesnut's command (about 1,500 men), consisting of South Carolina reserves and Second, Third, and Fourth South Carolina Militia, to the Fourth Military Sub-District, a reserve of about 500 men being stationed at Green Pond and another of like number near Adams' Run. Brigadier-General Robertson will report to Major-General Wright for temporary duty, to advise as to disposition of troops, and then to be assigned to duty as circumstances may require.

IV. Colonel George P. Harrison's and Colonel A. C. Edwards' brigades to be stationed on the left bank of the Combahee, guarding the several passages (about six) across that river, to Barnwell Court-House; Brigadier-General Youngs's command to be increased by the Seventh Georgia Cavalry (dismounted), Colonel E. C. Anderson, Jr., commanding, as reserves at or near Blue House, between the Combahee and Ashepoo Rivers.

V. The Third South Carolina Cavalry and Kirk's squadron will cover the left (or coast) flank of the retiring troops. After crossing the Combahee Major John Jenkins, with Captains Seabrook's and Peeples's companies Third South Carolina Cavalry, will take post on John's Island, and Captain Kirk's squadron will proceed, via Charleston, to Christ Church Parish and take post near and northeast of Mount Pleasant.

VI. Major-General Wheeler's corps (that part of it east of Savannah River, and the remainder if it should come up) will guard crossings of the Savannah and New Rivers and the landings east of Screven's Cause way until forced by the enemy to retire. He will then guard and defend the country between the Savannah River and the defensive line of the Combahee and the right flank of that line, resting at or rear Barnwell Court-House, and extending by the shortest defensible line to the Savannah River, covering Augusta.

VII. Colonel Gonzales will assign the field artillery now in South Carolina to the most appropriate positions for the defense of the Fourth Sub-District and the line of the Combahee, from Salkehatchie bridge to the coast, taking care to assign the batteries to the positions with which their respective commanders are most familiar. He will assign, subject to General Hardee's approval, the field batteries coming from Savannah, as circumstances may indicate, for the best defense of the line of he Combahee, the Fourth Sub-District, and Augusta.

VIII. As soon as the service of Brigadier-General Talaferro can be spared from the duty on which he is now engaged, he will proceed to James Island and resume his former command, assigning to their appropriate positions the troops of Major-General McLaws' division and Colonel Anderson's brigade, destined for that island.

