
IX. As soon as Major-General McLaws's division moves from Hardeeville he will immediately proceed to Pocotaligo and relive Major General Samuel Jones, and take the immediate command of the troops on the line of the Combahee.

X. On being relieved by Major-General McLaws, Major-General Jones will proceed to Charleston and resume his command and enter on the duties designated by Special Orders, No. -, from department headquarters.

XI. As the cavalry retires before the enemy it will drive off all cattle, sheep, and hogs not necessary for its consumption, and impress and send to Charleston, to be turned over to the chief engineer, all negroes capable of bearing arms. It will also destroy all mills, boats, buildings (that may be useful to the enemy for military purposes), and all rice, corn, and other provisions not necessary for its own subsistence beyond such as is absolutely necessary for the consumption of the owners and their families and slaves.

XII. All teams and wagons (with their drivers) on plantations about to fall into the hands of the enemy, not required by their owners, shall by impressed for the use of the army.

CONFIDENTIAL,HEADQUARTERS, CIRCULAR Numbers 2. Savannah, GA., December 20, 1864.

The movement ordered in confidential circular from these headquarters dated December 19, 1864, will be executed to-night at the hours as originally arranged, and not as subsequently amended-that is, Wright's division will move at 8 o'clock, McLaws' division at 10 o'clock, and Smith's division at 11 o'clock, and Wright's skirmishers will be withdrawn at 10. 30 o'clock, McLaws' skirmishers at 12. 30 o'clock, and Smith's skirmishers at 1 o'clock.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS WRIGHT'S DIVISION, Numbers 8. In the Field, December 20, 1864.

* * * * * * *

II. At dark the light batteries under the direction of Captain John W. Brooks, chief of artillery of division, will be withdrawn by hand from their position in line, with as little noise as possible, and will be sent over the pontoon bridge to Hardeeville.

* * * * * * *

VI. The chief of artillery of this division, Captain John W. Brooks, will take measures to have the heavy guns in position spiked, or otherwise rendered useless, at 10 p. m. to-night. The ammunition will be destroyed by throwing it into the river, or otherwise, and not by blowing it up.

By order of Major General A. R. Wright:

J. V. H. ALLEN,

Captain of Artillery.

