HDQRS. Georgia RESERVES AND MIL. DIST. OF Georgia,Macon, GA., December 22, 1864.

Honorable James A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: You will remember that upon the occupation of Atlanta by General Sherman he issued a sweeping order for the removal of men, women, and children from the city. Since the reoccupation of the place by our own people there were found soldiers and citizens who had remained there with the Yankee and had been employed by them in various occupations. When women and children were driven out by the heartless brute Sherman, and were forced to make their way to some place of refuge, those who remained subjected themselves, in my opinion, to the suspicion of treason. Acting upon this opinion I ordered Colonel Glenn, commandant of the post, to arrest all such and send them here. In accordance with these instructions arrest have been made and some eight or ten persons are now here. I deem it important that an example should be made in these cases, not only because they deserve punishment, but as a warning against others tempted hereafter to a similar course. With such as are deserters and absentees from the army I shall deal in the military courts-if I ever gotten-and those who are no connected with the army I shall have turned over to the civil authorities. In the absence of the district attorney, who is cut off in Savannah, I have employed Honorable . A. Nisbet to undertake the prosecution of the cases. I selected Judge Nisbet because of his known ability as a lawyer and his earnest devotion to our cause, and from the fact that he was known to the Department. Judge Nisbet will enter at once upon the duty, and will accept such compensation for his service as the Department shall award him.

I trust that my course in the matter will meet your approval, and that it may result in good to the country.

I am, with sentiments of sincere regard, very truly, yours, &amp;c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

DECEMBER 31, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Inform General Cobb that his course of proceeding is deemed judicious, and meets the approval of the Department. He can better judge than myself what measure of severity is advisable in the state of feeling prevailing in the country, and his judgment is relied on.

J. A. S.

Secretary.
HDQRS. Georgia RESERVES AND MIL. DIST. OF Georgia,Macon, GA., December 22, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I respectfully return the inclosed paper, and beg leave to remark that the circumstances which led to the appointment and assignment of General Gartrell are as well understood by the Department as myself, and I do not see how I am to relieve him from his present position. I am not surprised at the request of General winder to that

62 R R-VOL XLIV

