
effect, for the expressed his regret that General Gartrell should be assigned to that command before ever entered upon the duties of it, and he has been unceasing in his efforts to get clear of him. If General Gartrell had been the equal in every respect of General R. E. Lee, I have no doubt the same complains would have been made, for General Winder was determined in advance not to be satisfied with the arrangement. I beg to state frankly to you why, in my opinion, General Winder is so querulous in reference both to the reserves and General Gartrell. Unfortunately there is a mutual dislike and distrust between him and these troops, and each party is conscious of the existence of that feeling on the part of the other. I am not sufficiently acquainted with the facts which gave rise to these feelings to pronounce judgment upon their respective opinions. The objection of General Winder to General Gartrell arises from the respect and confidence of the former in Colonel Forno, whom he prefers in command of the troops. Colonel Forno is an excellent officer and deserves this confidence, and I am not surprised that General Winder is anxious to retain in so important a position one so worthy to hold it.

On the foregoing simple statement you have a solution of the various complaints, suggestions, &amp;c., which are being daily forwarded to you from General Winder. I will add that I have repeatedly called upon General Winder to make his charges and specifications against officers or men of the reserves, and I would have them properly and promptly investigates, but to this hour not one his been made to me.

It is due to General Gartrell to say that he is now temporarily relieved from duty by a dangerous would received at the head of his troops in a late fight near Savannah, and it is equally due to his troops to say that they shown themselves in the presence of the enemy worthy on the respect and confidence of their these remarks I beg leave to say that my relationship, both personal and official, with General Winder has been pleasant in every respect. At the same time I am free to say that he is not more anxious to get rid of the reserve than I am to get rid of his complaints against them, and it will therefore be most acceptable and agreeable to me to have any arrangement made by which the reserves shall no longer be in anywise connected with the General and his prisons.

I am, General, very respectfully, your, &c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, GA., October 8, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: Special Orders, Numbers 108, issued from General Cobb's headquarters, assigns, Brigadier General L. J. Gartrell to command of the Second Brigade, Georgia Reserves, composed of the First, Second, Third, and Fourth Regiments, and directs him to take command of it wherever it may be. This necessarily brings him to me. An officer of this rank will be embarrassing in a command like this. The officer second in command necessary has duties to perform that a brigadier-General ought not to be expected to perform. Colonel Forno is an excellent officer, and I would be glad to retain him in his present position. The reserves are not suited to the guarding of prisoners, and I would be

