
One hundredth Indiana Infantry, Major R. M. Johnson commanding, 327 enlisted men; total present for duty, 1,513; and one section of Battery B. First Michigan, Captain Arndt commanding. About the time I started, the pickets of Brigadier General J. Kilpatrick were driven in by a superior force of the enemy. General Walcutt moved forward about two miles and a half on the Griswold road, with a heavy line of skirmishers, which drove everything in front of them to a point beyond Griswold. The forces met on this reconnaissance were a part of Wheeler's cavalry. I then, by direction of General Osterhaus, drew General Walcutt's brigade back to a strong position on the Duncan farm, and posted it in the edge of the woods, with open fields in front, the flanks resting near a swamp, impassable except at one or two points, and directed temporary works of rails and logs to be thrown up. About 2 o'clock the enemy attacked with infantry (militia), three lines deep, and numbering about 5,000, four pieces of artillery (12-pounder Napoleons), and two brigades of Wheeler's cavalry in reserve. The enemy moved across the open fields in three compact lines and gained a ravine within seventy-five yards of our works, from which they made three assaults, but met each time with a bloody repulse. The fight continued until sundown, when retired, leaving their dead and wounded on the field. Shortly after dark the brigade was withdrawn to the position near the church. About the middle of the engagement Brigadier General C. C. Walcutt was wounded severely in the lower part of leg; he retired from the field, and Colonel R. F. Catterson, Ninety-seventh Indiana Infantry, assumed command of the brigade. He showed marked ability in the manner in which he handled the troops. Shortly after the engagement opened the section of the battery was withdrawn on account of the severe fire from the enemy's lines, then within 100 yards of our position, and very destructive to the men and horses of the battery. About 4 o'clock I sent Major Baldwin, Twelfth Indiana Infantry (First Brigade), to report his regiment to Colonel Catterson, who put him on the right of his line to prevent the enemy from turning that flank. I also applied to Colonel Murray for some cavalry to cover the flanks; he kindly sent a regiment on each flank, covering and watching the crossing of the swamp.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the coolness and gallantry of Brigadier General C. C. Walcutt and Colonel R. F. Catterson, Ninety-seventh Indiana Infantry. The skill with which they handled the troops and the results obtained show them to be men of marked ability.

The rebel loss, as near as could be ascertained without actual count, was 300 killed and from 700 to 1,200 wounded. Major-General Philips, Colonel Munn, Fifth Georgia, and Colonel George, are reported by the prisoners taken to have been killed, and Brigadier-General Anderson to have been wounded. Twenty-eight prisoners were captured and turned over to the provost-marshal of the army corps. Fifteen wounded were brought in and left at a house, not having transportation for them. Our loss was 13 killed, 79 wounded, and 2 missing.

Inclosed please find a list of killed and wounded. *

I will forward Colonel Catterson's report as soon as received.

I have the honor to be, captain, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. R. WOODS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Captain FREDERICK WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

