
said place to labor. And an account shall be kept by the said agent of all expenditures incurred and paid by the State in providing the slave labor aforesaid and in carrying this act into full execution, which shall be annually deposited by him in the office of the Governor of the State, to be presented oim as a claim by this State against the Confederate Government for payment. And that the funds necessary to pay all expenditures incurred under the provisions of this act shall be paid out of the funds of the public treasury, not otherwise appropriated, upon the presentation of the pay bills signed by the State agent.

SEC. X. It shall be the duty of the Governor and the State agent to have all slaves returned to their owners upon the expiration of their term of service for which they were impressed, and the owners of such as may have been killed or died from disease during their term of service shall not be liable to supply their places with other slaves for the unexpired portion of said term of service.

SEC. XI. If the Confederate Government should make any impressment of slave labor over and above what is to be furnished by the provisions of this act, in view of greater emergencies than are contemplated in this act, then and in that event the owners of such slaves shall have credit as for so much labor furnished for coast duty.

SEC. XII. That all acts and parts of acts here before passed by the Legislature of this State on the subject of furnishing labor on the coast or fortifications be, and the same are hereby, repealed.

In the Senate and House the twenty-third day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and the eighty-ninth year of the sovereignty and independence of the State of South Carolina.

W. D. PORTER,

President of the Senate.

R. B. BOYLSTON,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

SECRETARY OF STATE'S OFFICE,

Columbia, December 26, 1864.

I hereby certify the foregoing to be a true copy of act entitled "An act to repeal all acts and parts of acts heretofore passed by the Legislature of this State on the subject of furnishing slave labor on the furnishing such labor, "ratified the twenty-third day of December, Anno Domini 1864, and now on file in this office.

Given under my hand and the seal of the State.

[SEAL.]

WM. R. HUNTT,

Secretary of State.

CHARLESTON, December 24, 186.

(Received 7 p. m.)

President DAYS:

The-following telegram sent to General Hood yesterday is communicated for your information:

I regret to inform you that no re-enforcements can possibly sent you from any quarter. General Taylor has no troops to spare, and every available man in Georgia and South Carolina is required to oppose Sherman, who is not on a raid but an

