
ing last night part of his force from my immediate front for a landing at Boyd's. I have apprised General Chesnut, and ordered him if he needs them to ask for [re-enforcements]. Please inform me of your movements and when you are likely to be here.

W. B. TALAIFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

NEAR SAVANNAH, December 24, 1864.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE,

Charleston:

Cannot the order for burning mills and rice, corn, and other provisions be reconsidered? The threats of enemy to burn and destroy all property in South Carolina are of such a character if we commence burning enemy will feel justified in continuing. Will it not be better to give them no provocation to burn? What we would burn in Beaufort District would be of little value to enemy.

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.

CHARLESTON, December 25, 1864-8 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

General Hardee reports that a force of enemy-infantry, artillery, and cavalry-number not known, has moved from Savannah toward the Atlamaha River. He has ordered some cavalry to watch and check the column. No report from General Hood since November 28.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA,

Columbia, December 25, 1864.

His Excellency President DAYS:

MY DEAR SIR: The accidental circumstance of the delay of Colonel Buist's departure for Richmond enables me to send this note by him. General Preston having informed me that you had been unwell, to gather with the many matters now pressing upon you, induce me to confine myself at this time to a few brief suggestions. The fall of Savannah has, of course, very much affected the people of this State. The question which naturally present itself is, why the force which penetrated Georgia cannot penetrate South Carolina. And at this moment it is to an unwillingness to oppose the enemy, but a chilling apprehension of the futility of doing so, which affects the people. I am endeavoring, and I will remove that chill and dispel that apprehension; but upon you must I rely for that material aid which will assist the people of the State to make good their determined opposition. As rapidly as it can be done I am reorganizing the militia; its effective force I cannot yet estimate-I hope larger than has been supposed. If you will send us aid (although for the moment it falls short of effectual aid), if it be that aid which now foreshadows other aid to come, that spirit can be vitalized which when aroused to a certain extent supplies the place of numbers, and is of itself strength.

