
These suggestion I make to you with the conviction that you will assist me in every way to develop now all of our resources to aid you in the task that is before you re other matters concerning which I will at an early day communicate with you.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

A. G. MAGRATH.

CHARLESTON, December 25, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER:

Suspend the order for burning mills, corn, rice, and other provisions for the present.

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Smith's House, December 25, 1864.

Lieutenant M. G. HUDSON,

Aide-de-Camp:

LIEUTENANT: General Wheeler told me verbally two days ago that he wished me to take charge of and picket the line between Union Creek and New River bridge, and that he would send me, in addition to my present force, 400 cavalry to perform the duty. Colonel Pointer's regiment, of Allen's brigade, has reported to me, but not the Second Tennessee. General Allen left without telling me what portion of the line was being picketed by his command. I was under the impression that he was covering the river between Izard's and Screven's Ferry, but I have just received a note from General Young asking me to move the left of my line down to Huger's place, as he was picketing six miles with only fifty men. What force is now picketing the line between Screven's Ferry and New River bridge? Please give me all the information you can relative to the manner in which the line from Izard's to New River bridge is being picketed. I would also respectfully request a written order defining exactly the duty I am to perform and when I am to commence performing it. I would also like to be informed what quartermaster at Hardeeville my division quartermaster is to call on for corn. Colonel Pointer has reported to me, and has not a single wagon. How can he subsist his men and horses? Everything for them must come from Hardeeville, and it is absolutely necessary that he should have wagons. I am depending entirely on the major-General commanding to assist me in getting corn for my animals; without his prompt assistance they must suffer. I have ordered Colonel White to extend his line to Clydesdale Creek, and Colonel Pointeer to cover the line from Clydesdale Creek to Screven's Ferry. Beyond this I have and shall do nothing until I hear from the major-General commanding and until the Second Tennessee reports. My horses have had no corn four or five days. Colonel Pointer told me this morning that several horses had already died from eating rice. Please urge upon the general the urgent necessity of supplying my command immediately with corn.

Respectfully requesting an answer at your earliest convenience, I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General.

