
[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 14, 1865.

Return to the Secretary of War.

Subsequent events answer the main points in this letter.

J. D.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. GA. RES. AND MIL. DIST. OF GA., Numbers 30. Macon, GA., December 7, 1864.

I. The following military organizations, raised under the authority of Governor Brown, and afterward received into the Confederate service by General J. B. Hood-to wit, the regiment commanded by Colonel Findlay, the battalions commanded by Majors Beall, Murkinson, Graham, McCallum, and Ledford, and the battalion lately commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Glenn, of Pickens County (whose commission was revoked because he was reported to Governor Brown as a deserter), under the person who may have been elected to command it-will be maintained for sixty days from date in discharge of such duties as they may be called upon to perform.

II. After the expiration of the sixty days all men between the ages of eighteen and forty-five subject to conscription will report to the proper enrolling officer for assigned to the army in the field; those liable either to militia duty or to service in the reserves will remain in the present organization.

III. All persons now in these organizations absent without leave from the Confederate Army will return promptly to their commands with the assurance that their cases will be recommended to the most favorable consideration of their respective commanding generals, in view of the services renderer by them in these organizations; and to carry out this object the officers under whom they have been serving will furnish each one with a statement of his services. After this opportunity further indulgence to absent will not be granted.

IV. The officers in command of these organizations are enjoined to be vigilant in the arrest of all deserters and absentees, and will forward them without delay to the conscript camp at this place.

By command of Major General Howell Cobb:

R. J. HALLETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Macon, GA., December 7, 1864.

I. The above orders of Major-General Cobb have been submitted to my inspection, and I concur in the order that the persons in said organizations who are subject to my command as militiamen remain in the same organization with those subject to his command as Confederate reserves till further orders, and I direct all such organizations to report to General Cobb, and obey his orders in future as they have heretofore obeyed the orders of General Hood, till further directions from these headquarters.

II. All persons in said organization who belong to the State Line or the company of State scouts who are now absent without leave will report immediately to their respective commands. Those who obey

