
POCOTALIGO, December 27, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER,

Hardeeville:

I am directed by General Hardee to assume command of all the troops between the Savannah River and this point. Order General P. M. B. Young to proceed forthwith to Grahamville with his brigade and take command at that point.

L. McLAWS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Hardeeville, December 27, 1864.

Colonel T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I dispatch to Lieutenant-General Hardee a day or two past to know if he would permit me to withdrawn my picket-line to or near this place. Yesterday I received a dispatch (which suppose was an answer) to hold on to New River, as it was intended to hold the line from Hardeeville to Pocotaligo. I wish to know if it would not answer for my line to extend from New River bridge to Pringle Smith's plantation, on Savannah River? This would shorten my line and enable me to blockade the roads below that line. Please answer by telegraph.

Very respectfully, Colonel, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, Georgia, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, December 29, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Major-General Wheeler:

The authority to shorten his line, within asked for, has been given him by telegraph.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CENTRAL RAILROAD COMPANY,

Macon, GA., December 27, 1864.

The president reached Macon yesterday. To-day he had a meeting with Mr. Purse, the only director of the company now in Macon. After full conversation with Mr. Adams, superintendent, it was.

Resolved, First, in relation to the railroad, that it is expedient and proper that the road be repaired down to Gordon, and thence to Midway, on the Milledgeville Branch, and then that the Eatonton Branch be repaired up to Eatonton. By this means two passages across the State can be secured, viz, one of thirty-miles, from Midway to Mayfield, and one of twenty-two miles, from Eatonton to Madison. It is expedient to repair the Augusta and Savannah Railroad down to or a little below Thomas' Station. Such portion as above specified to be worked with engines and cars.

