
CHARLESTON, December 28, 1864.

(Received 10. 15 29th.)

General S. COOPER:

The light artillery of this department has been organized into eight battalions of three batteries each, and the following-named artillery officers, the majority of whom are the senior captains in their respective battalions, are recommended for promotion to majors and command the battalions: Capts. G. H. Walter, E. L. Parker, W. K. Bachman, W. E. Earle, H. M. Stuart, J. W. Brooks, J. A. Maxwell, and Lieutenant W. H. Kemper. All available artillery officers of rank in this department have been assigned to heavy artillery commands, and will be required with these commands, should they take they field as infantry, except Lieutenant-Colonels Kemper and Jones, to each of whom it is proposed to give two of the above-mentioned battalions as reserves.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA. Numbers 311. Charleston, S. C., December 28, 1864.

* * * * * * *

IV. Taliaferro's division, Brigadier-General Taliaferro commanding, is hereby constituted as follows:

Rhett's brigade, Colonel Alfred Rhett commanding, consisting of First South Carolina Artillery, Colonel Rhett; Second South Carolina Artillery, Colonel Frederick; First South Carolina Infantry, Colonel Butler.

Anderson's brigade, Colonel Edward C. Anderson commanding, composed as follows: Regiment consisting of Twenty-second Georgia Battalion (six companies), Cobb Guard (two companies), Mercer Artillery (one company), Hanleiter's battery (one company); Lucas' battalion, Major J. J. Lucas, consisting of three companies; Buist's battalion, Major G. L. Buist commanding, consisting of Gilchrist's Melchers', Mathewes', and Johnson's companies; Manigault's battalion, Major Manigault commanding, consisting of Bonaud's battalion (Companies A, B, C, D, E), Smith's company siege train, Zimmerman's company siege train, and Bridges' company siege train.

The several above-named commands will remain as at present assigned, and make their reports as heretofore, until further orders, but commanders will require such reports and returns from their respective commands as may be necessary to acquaint them with their number, condition, &amp;c.

V. The light batteries of this department will be organized into battalions for field service as follows, the senior officers taking command of the battalions for the present; orders for the assembling of the batteries of each battalion will be issued hereafter:

First Battalion-Walter's battery, Kanapaux's battery, Schulz's battery; Second Battalion-Parker's battery. Wheaton's battery, Le Gardeur's battery; Third Battalion-Bachman's battery, Kanapaux' battery, De Pass' battery; Fourth Battalion-Earle's battery, Girardey's battery, Anderson's battery; Fifth Battalion-Stuart's battery, Wagener's battery, Gaillard's battery; Sixth Battalion-Brooks' battery Barnwell's battery, Abell's battery; Seventh Battalion-Maxwell's battery, Daniell's battery, Guerard's battery; Eighth Battalion-Dunham's battery, Gamble's battery, Villepigue's battery.

