
intelligence from Fort Yuma. Send down some belts for the repair of White's mill at the Pima Villages. Please order Captain McAllister to send down by return boat a good supply of percussion caps. I am afraid to depend on the tape primers altogether. Majors Woods and Drum left for Fort Yuma April 9, 1862. Lieutenant - Colonel West with fove companies is now passing the Yuma desert. [See my instructions to that officer which went up by the last boat]. colonel Bowie doubtless reaches Camp Wright today. Two companies more leave that camp for Fort Yuma as soon as practicable after Colonel Bowie's arrival, and two companies of cavalry and Shinn's battery will leave Camp Drum for Temecula en route to Fort Yuma this week. This leaves at Camp Drum Major Fergusson and one company of cavalry to escort tthe funds, which I confidently look for in the return boat. Unless the teamsters are paid a part of their wages at least they will quit. I must have money. I can revolutionize Sonora with coin as against the secesion scrip, even admitting Sibley to have the country, which he is not understood to have. If you could send down the Indian goods named in my list of December I could buy all of White's wheat back, which the secessionists seem to have distributed among the Indians. Send all funds, whether subsistence or quartemaster's, to Lieutenant Hammond, who will wait at Camp Drum with Major Fergusson to received them. Please leave none of this business undone for still another boat. Send 100 tons of barley to San Pedro, and say 20,000 rations of subsistence, but no more until estimated for.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 47. Camp Drum, Cal., April 11, 1862.

I. Shinn's light battery, Third Artillery, will be prepared to take up its march for active field service on Sunday morning, the 13th instant. The officers and troops will be prepared according to the spirit of General Orders, Numbers 3, current series from these headquarters. The troops will have ten days' rations.

II. Company B, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will be prepared to march on active field service tomorrow at 3 p. m., with ten days' rations. Major Fergusson, First Cavalry Califonia Volunteers, is charged with seeing that the officers and men are in the most perfect possible order for marching and for fighting.

III. The officers attached to the headquarters of this district, except Lieutenant Hammond, and including Captain Moore, assistant quartemaster, U. S. Army. will take the field on the morning of the 13th instant.

* * * * * * *

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CULTER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

