HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Temple's Ranch, Cal., April 13, 1862.

Captain E. D. SHIRLAND,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, El Chino, Cal.:

SIR: Proceed to the vicinity of Temecula and encamp with your company and the train under your charge where you can find good grass and water in that neighborhood.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,San Pedro, Cal., April 13, 1862.

Major DAVID FERGUSON,

First Cavalry California Volunteers,

Commanding, Camp Drum, New San Pedro, Cal.:

MAJOR: I leave to-day for Camp Wright. You are left at New San Pedro with Company E, First Cavalry California Volunteers, and with Lieutenant Hammond, regimental quartermaster First Infantry California Volunteers, to receive and escort such funds pertaining to the quartermaster's department and subsistence department as may be sent down on the next steamer for the expenses of the expedition just organized for field service toward the Rio Grande. Should these funds not come down on the next boat, you will notify the general commanding the department that you are instructed to remain here until they do come, at which time you will escort them on toward Tucson, Ariz. Ter., until you come to the headquarters of the expedition alluded to above when you will receive further instructions. Lieutenant Hammond will receipt for the funds, but you will charge him not to expend one dollar of them without the order of the commander of the expedition. There are many teams here fitting u for the expedition. Therse are to be prepared in the most perfect manner possible for the service required of them. All of them are to be laden with subsistence and barley, and as soon as possible after the arrival of the Senator they are to be sent to Fort Yuma under charge of Wagon-master Allen. You will promptly notify me by express when they are ready to leave, and give me the number of the teams and the amount and kind of stores with which they are laden. All public stores you may need from the depot you are authorized to draw from Lieutenant Morgan, depot quartermaster and commissary at New San Pedro, Cal., and when you finally leave Camp Drum to join me you will see that Lieutenant Morgan receipts for all public property of whatever description which you may be obliged to leave behind. Doubltess some ammunition for mountain howitzers, some percussion caps, and some clothing may be sent down on the next Senator. These articles you will forward by the first opportunity. Other matters necessary for you to attend to will readily suggest themselves to an experienced officer like yourself.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

