
approaching that location from this side is over an immense landslide, full sixty roads across, or by going upon the mountain and coming down to it from above by the Weaverville trail.

By order of Captain Douglas:

P. B. JOHNSON,

Second Lieutenant and Post Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY OREGON VOLUNTEERS,Portland, Oreg., April 14, 1862.

General WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Herewith I forward a communication from Lieutenant-Colonel Maury for your consideration. His views is regard to the requirement of a military force in Southern Oregon, as far as my knowledge extends, are correct. The two last companies mustered by Lieutenant-Colonel Maury being so near full, and being composed of good men well mounted, I would urge upon you (the matter being in your discretion) to increase to seven companies.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. R. CORNELIUS,

Colonel First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers.

[Inclosure.] CAMP BAKER, JACKSON COUNTY, OREG., March 27, 1862.

Colonel G. WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

SIR: On account, no doubt, of the threatening appearance of Indian affairs in Washington Territory and Oregon there are rumors that the troops now in this part of the State are to be removed north. In consideration that this might be the case in an emergency, I deem it my duty to represent to you our condition. The eastern frontier or Southern Oregon is occupied solely by Indians, though it contains large valley susceptible of cultivations as well as extensive range for stock. If there should be war with the Indians north, the probabioity of which is unquestionably great, it will involve the Indians south. They are mines, and anxious at the same time, natually, to commit depredations upon the settlements. This will leave Jackson County especially exposed, and offer inducements to make equal cause with the Indians of the north as well as to commit depredations (which will necessarily lead to war) on their own account. Aside from any predisposition of these Indians for hostilities, they may find aggravations from the fact that their country will be extensively prospected and traveled over by parties going to Salmon River mines, or those of Humboldt River, who, through thoughlessness or recklessness, may provoke hostilities from which the innocent are always the greatest sufferers. Without being able to obtain positive evidence of the fact, I am satisfied that they have accumulated this winter a large amount of ammunition. In connection with this I ask respectfully to suggest that a military establishment east of this valley has been for a long time necessaron of the interests in every respect of Southern Oregon and Northern California. Its importance under present circumstances in largely increased. It will lead to the peaceable development of a large tract of agricultural and mineral district now unoccupied with but little additional cost to the Government. Troops in that direction would be

