
convenient enough to attend to any emergency that might arise from the present disturbed condition of the country. In this end of the State we are about evenly divided as to the national issue. On account of the agitations consequent upon our coming elections, as well as those that may occur from possible reverses to the national arms, our condition cannot be foretold. Under the instructions from Adjutant-General's Office of September 24, 1861, after consultation with the gentlemen embraced in them, I proceeded to organize four companies in the southern part of the State. Two were promptly filled in this county. The severity of the winter postponed for some time the necessary steps for the organization of the other two. Good substantial citizens were selected in the adjoining counties, who immediately applied themselves to raise the other two. The continued severity of the weather, with much local opposition, prevented their completion before the receipt of your order reducing the regiment to six companies (it was forwarded promptly to the parties concerned.) On the 24th of February forty enlisted men were mustered in for one of these companies, and on the 12th March fifty for the other - between these dates and the receipt of your order. I am infromed that they number about seventy each enlisted men. It will be a severe disappointment to those who have worked under many disadvantages, now that they have nearly the required number, after their efforts and outlays, to be left out. If the requirements of the service and your duty will allow it, I respectfully ask a favorable consideration for them; that is, that they may be allowed to fill these companies, thus making the seventh of the regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 15, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

First Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District of Southern California, Los Angeles, Cal.:

COLONEL: The general commanding the department directs me to write you that he has read carefully and with deep interest the voluminous correspondence received by last mail regarding affairs in your Rigg warrant the conviction that they are not to be overreached by any parties of rebels. All the supplies asked for have been ordered. Neither the quartermaster's nor the subsistence departments have yet received funds, but they are expected daily, and possibly may reach us in time to go on the next steamer. January

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. KIRKHAM,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DIVISION,Fort Humboldt, April 16, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, U. S. Army:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a letter from the general commanding the department, dated April 7. I feel much

---------------

*Some unimportant matter here omitted.

---------------

