
sketch of it by Private Skobel, of Company K, Second Infantry California Volunteers, as also post returns from Posts Baker, Lyon, and Anderson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Infty. California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.

FORT BAKER, CAL., April 16, 1862.

First Lieutenant JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

Second Infantry California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General:

SIR: In compliance with paragraph 716, Revised Regulations, I have the honor to communicate the following in relation to the route to and site of this post: Fort Baker is about southeast of Fort Humboldt and bay; distant by the nearest available route, fifty-three miles; is reached by a wagon road from the latter point; twenty-three to Hydesville, the nearest village to the post. From that point the trail runs over a high ridge of mountains, through the Redwoods to what is called Reed's, twelve miles, and over a range of bald hills, six miles, and from thence on through a canon from one and a half to two miles, and from thence on the summit and along the slope of a high range of mountains eight or nine miles, and striking Van Dusen's Creek. The camp or post is situated on a small flat from one and a half to two miles long, and about half a mile wise. The site of the camp is somewhat marshy, but well sheltered, being on the west bank of the Van Dusen between high ranges of mountains running nearly north and south. It exhibits signs of having at some period been overlfowed, and indications of minerals. The country is also well adapted to the habits of the Indians peculiar to this country, affording excellent grass, plenty and good timber of several varieties, among which is the ash, not commonly found in the country. A small steam running directly through the campa ffords plenty of good water, summer and winter. Van Dusen's Creek on the left affords fish of several varieties, and game of almost very kind is exceedingly abundant. The temperature is cool but even, the thermometer at this season averaging about 45^ in the shade. I may add that the country is thinly settled, and exhibits but little, and that little old, Indian signs. Owing to a want of suitable material it is impossible at present to furnish a sketch of the route and post. I shall, however, endeavor to comply with the regulations in that respect as soon as the circumstances will admit.

THOS. E. KETCHAM,

Captain, Third Infty. California Vols., Commanding Fort Baker District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 16, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN WHITEAKER,

Governor of the State of Oregon:

SIR; I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt this day of Your Excellency's letter of the 29th ultimo, relativry of protection against Indian hostilities to the settlers in and near the eastern and northeastern frontier of Oregon, and inquiring as to the steps designed to be taken by the U. S. military authorities in reference thereto. Of the means now under my control, it will not probably

