
be expedient to make any change in their present disposition, but I am happy to be able to inform Your Excellency that I am advised by the commanding general of the department, under date of 27th ultimo, that the cavalry force under Colonel Cornelius has been ordered by him to be collected "together in the Willamette Valley with a view of moving into the Walla Walla country, and thence to the mining districts, and, as the season advances, to throw forward troops to Fort Hall to meet the emigrants. " I have recently apprised the commanding general of the proposed settlement by citizens of Oregon in the valley of Powder River, and I can have no doubt that the necessary steps will be taken by him for the protection of that and such other settlements as may be attempted within the frontier limits of Oregon. It is also within my power to infrom Your Excellency that the military force in this district will, within a few weeks, be increased by the addition of form four to six comapneis of infantry under the command of Colonel Steinberger.

In the hope that what I have above stated may tend to allay the anxiety expressed, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

A. CADY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Infantry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Camp at Laguna Grande, April 17, 1862.

Captain R. W. KIRKHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: I beg you will learn by telegraph the result of Sibley's operations in New Mexico. From the report of the fight at Pigeon's, near Santa Fe, it would seem the Texans had already been masters of Santa Fe, the capital, and were on their way through Apache Canon east of that city toward Fort Union. It is important that I be kept informed by express of all intelligence received by telegraph, or through the papers, of the operations of the enemy and his fortune, whether good or bad, in that country which you may receive.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Camp at Laguna Grande, April 17, 1862.

Major E. A. RIGG,

Commanding at Fort Yuma, Cal.:

MAJOR: Apply to Major Drum to replace Assistant Surgeon Meacham, reported sick, as judge-advocate general court-martial, ordered to convene at your post. Your court, to get through in time, should be all means sit without reference to hours; see article 75 of the Rules and Articles of War. Get Major Drum to grant the authority, if possible; if not, sit from 8 till 3. As soon as Shirland's cavalry comes, have him cross the river and move on to report to West with the least practicable delay. Give him all the information about grass, &amp;c., in your power, and caution him to be on the qui vive, or he will have his horses stampeded. Have his mules and horses shod, so as to have as little delay as possible. His horses and mules otherwise will consume

64 R R - VOL L, PT I

