
too much of your forage. As soon as Captain Roberts' company gets to Fort Yuma, detach Dresher's and Cox's companies to report to West at the Pima Villages. Shirland has three teams with him. Enjoin the greatest care of the mules. See to them and to the wagons and harness yourself.

I am, major, very respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE. - The colonel commanding directs me to say that, in case the court has not adjourned when Captain Roberts' company reaches Yuma, that the officers of Captain Dresher's and Captain Cox's companies who have been detailed on said court will remain until the court adjourns sine die, the remaining officers taking on those companies; but in case all the officers of Companies B and H, First Infantry California Volunteers, are detailed as members of the court, then those companies must remain at Fort Yuma until the court has completed its labors and adjourned sine die.

B. C. C.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Fort of Laguna Grande, San Diego County, Cal., April 17, 1862.

Captain E. D. SHIRLAND,

First Cavalry California Vols., in Camp near Temecula, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: The colonel commanding the district directs that you march your company without delay to Fort Yuma. You will have ten days' rations of subsistence, 100 rounds per man for the Sharps carbine, and fifty rounds per man for the navy revolver. Your transportation will be three wagons from McDonald's train. Each wagon will have two or three water kegs for use on the desert. You will be careful to send a small party a day in advance with buckets to fill barrells at the different wells, and leave a small party a day behind you with orders to leave all the barrels full of water for the next company which follows you. You will start from your present camp, from Camp Wright, and from Carriso Creek with your wagons learned to 3,000 pounds each, made up of forage. Mr. Beard has doubltess made arrangements for beef to be driven on the hoof for your use. If the days are hot you must ravel by night. Your men must walk at least half the time by the watch. Practice as you march along, one hour each day, the saber exercise. It will require great judgment to get your horses across the desert in as good trim as they are now. Eyre did this; you can do it.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, April 17, 1862. (Via Shasta.)

(Received 21st, 4. 50 p. m.)

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

Dispatches left behind by steamer forwarded per Weaverville. Two more companies required as indispensable, besides one for this post.

F. J. LIPPITT,

Colonel, Commanding Humboldt Military District.

