HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, April 17, 1862.

Captain JOHNS,

Third Infantry California Vols., Commanding Fort Gaston;

CAPTAIN: You are directed by the colonel commanding the district to forward immediately the inclosed* to Weaverville by express. The praiseworth exertions of Lieutenant Anderson and men displayed in apprehending the deserters of Company K, Second Infantry California Volunteers, have been reported to department headquarters. From the tenor of a dispatch received from department headquarters the colonel commanding is hourly expecting Lieutenant-Colonel Olney with Companies H and I, Second Infantry California Volunteers. On their arrival he intends to re-enforce Fort Gaston. You will be relieved of the charge of the deserters as early as practicable.

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

First Lieutenant and Actg. Second Infantry California Vols.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 17, 1862.

Colonel G. W. PATTEN,

Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, Presidio of San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: You have been assigned to the command of the post at Fort Steilacoom, with a general supervision of all other military stations on the sound, whether at present occupied or not. After assuming command of Fort Steilacoom I wish you to make a critical examination of the condition of the command, and particularly of the staff departments, not only their present condition, but examine the amounts of money and property in the different departments from the moment Captain Woodruff, Ninth Infantry, w as relieved up to the time you assume command, and should you find that the officers responsible have not fiathfully performed their duties relieve such officers at once. I am determined that the money and property of the United States shall not be squandered away by unworthy agents. As soon as convenient after establishing yourself at Fort Steilacoom I desire you to visit the posts at Townsend, San Juan Island, and Bellingham Bay. The first and last are at present unoccupied, and are in charge of special agents. I want to know whether the barracks and public property have been well taken care of, &amp;c. On the subject above referred to I will thank you to make full and frequent reports.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 18, 1862.

Brigadier General J. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: After a conference with Governor Nye, I have ordered a company of the Second Cavalry California Volunteers to cross the mountains via the Overland Mail Route to Carson City and then proceed to

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

