
the neighborhood of Pyramid Lake for the purpose of maintaining peace between the white people and Indians in that quarter. This company is destined to form a portion of the command for the protection of the overland route. Some time since a detachment of fifty cavalry was sent from Fort Churchill south to the Mono country, and about the same time Colonel Carleton dispatched a like from the southern district to the same point. I have no late intelligence from those commands but I have no doubt that the difficulties between the white people and the Indians will be settled. In the District of Humboldt our Indian difficulties have assumed a more serious aspect. Colonel Lippitt, the commander, is active, energetic, and zealous, and with the additional troops I am sending to him I am confident of his ultimate success. The face of the country presents almost insurmountable obstacles to rapid movement. The Indians are very numerous, but nomadic, and prowling about in small bands committing depredations at every exposed point. They will not unite in any large numbers for a fight, hence the necessity of dividing and subdividing our commands in order to accomplish anything. Should we succeed in collecting together all or most of those Indians the question then comes up, what is to be done know that they cannot be kept there securely. They will run back to their native wilds in spite of guards. The only way to dispose of them that occurs to me now is to colonize them on some of the islands near this coast. In the District of Oregon all is quiet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

CONSULATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,

Mazatlan, April 18, 1862.

General WRIGHT,

Commanding Army of the Pacific, San Francisco:

SIR: I received on the 20th ultimo from Chihuahua, from a reliable private correspondent, a letter of date 21st of February, and to-day from same, and same place, one of date 22nd of March, and as they contain important information in regard to the movements of the rebel army in Arizona and thereabouts, I submit by this, the first opportunity, the following extracts. My correspondent of February 21 says:

General Sibley with about 3,100 Texans is at Fort Thorn, busy preparing to go up and attack Fort Craig, and will leave as soon as he is joined by 600 men now near El Paso. Fort Craig, I am informed, is defended by about 4,000 men, and 3,000 more are within hailing distance, and that they are very anxious to have the Texans come, as they feel confident they can defeat them. The New Mexicans, it is said, are united and will act as one man, although there are plenty of rumors to the contrary, but it is believed that these reports are put into circulation for the purpose of enticing the Texans into a trap and then destroying their army. Your friend Mills after his arrest as a spy, imprisonment for six weeks, part of the time in irons, was released, remained in El Paso several weeks, then got a horse and went to Fort Craig by way of Salt Lake, and I hear is now on Colonel Roberts' staff with the rank of captain. I have an idea that the Texans will be routed, and that on their way down they will commit all kinds of depredations and that they will respect neither persons nor property, and that they will clean out the valley of the Rio Grande. The Texans are badly armed and short of provisions. Flour and beef is all they have; coffee and bacon they have none. As I look at the matter they cannot afford to remain inactive, and a move up into New Mexico before May will prove fatal to them. They have acted about El Paso in such a manner as to enrage the whole community against them. All Mexicans are down on them, and they will find very little

