HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 19, 1862.

HENRY D. BARROWS,

U. S. Marshal, Southern Dist. of California, Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR: Your communication of the 10th instant has been received and carefully perused. I shall not hesitate a single moment in using the most stringent measures for the suppression of treason or disloyalty to our Government, and the officers in command of U. S. troops will arrest and hold in confinement all persons against whom such charges can well be established. I full concur with you as to what should be done, and the only difficulty we have to encounter is as to the best manner of accomplishing the object in view. When I do arrest persons, to hold them safely they must be removed beyond the reach of a civil process, or such writs disregarded. Soon I shall send additional officers to the southern district and place an experienced officer in command, who will be instructed to confer freely with yourself and other civil officers of the United States in that quarter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Near Temecula, Cal., April 19, 1862.

Colonel G. W. BOWIE,

Fifth Infty. California Vols., Commanding at Camp Wright, Cal.:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding directs that Captain Thayer's company, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, be prepared to leave Camp Wright en route for Fort Yuma on the 20th instant. Captain Thayer will take with him ten days' subsistence and 100 rounds of ammunition per man; he will have for transportation two teams from the train of Wagon-master McDonald, who will reach Camp Wright with his train to-night. Captain Thayer's company will accompany McDonald's train from Camp Wright to Fort Yuma.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infantry California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

NOTE. - The company, in order not to interfere with those behind, must marxch as far as Warner's ranch on the 20th.

B. C. C.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 19, 1862.

Colonel FERRIS FORMAN,

Fourth Regiment California Volunteers,

Commanding Camp Union, Sacramento, Cal.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that he whises you to hold yourself in readiness with your headquarters and three comapneis to come to San Francisco to embark on the next trip of the Senator for Southern California.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. KIRKHAM,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

