HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 19, 1862.

C. A. HURDOCK, Edq.,

Arcata, Humboldt County, Cal.:

SIR: I have received your communication of the 9th instant, with a copy of the resolutions passed at a meeting of the citizens of Arcata convened on the 2d. I assure you that the state of our Indian affairs in the District of Humboldt has received my most serious consideration. I have an officer in command there in whom I place the highest confidence. I have sent him instructions to prosecute the campaign against those Indians with the greatest vigor, and to hang on the spot all who have been engaged at any time in hostilities. to-day I have sent up by steamer Oregon Lieutenant Colonel James N. Olney, with 150 men of Colonel Lippitt's regiment. With this addition to his force I am in hopes that the colonel may be able to bring the campaign to a successful termination. Should we be able to collect those Indians the question then comes us - what shall we do with them? Just before receiving your letter I was writting to the War Department on this very subject, in which I observed that those Indians could not be kept on reservations near their old homes; that they should run back to their native wilds in spite of guards, and the only way which occurred to me was to place them on some of the islands near this coast. The sixth resolution of your meeting confirms me in what I had already stated to the War Department.

With great respect, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 46. Fort Humboldt, April 20, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel Olney with Companies H and I, Second Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed immediately to Fort Gaston via Arcata. Regimental Quartermaster Lieutenant Swasey will provide the necessary transportation.

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Lippitt:

JOHN HANNA, Jr.,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 66. San Francisco, Cal., April 21, 1862.

* * * * *

4. The two companies of the Second Infantry California Volunteers, now at Fort Vancouver, will be relieved from duty at that post and proceed to Fort Humboldt, and report to Colonel Lippitt, district commander. The means of transportation will be furnished by the quartermaster's department.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

R. W. KIRKHAM,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

