HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Camp near Camp Wright, Cal., April 21, 1862.

Captain R. W. KIRKHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjtuant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: Owing to the ill health of Assistant Surgeon Meacham, U. S. Army, I shall be obliged to have Doctor Wooster in advance of Fort Yuma. Brigade Surgeon Christian will be at Fort Yuma, and very properly, as it is an important point. A citizen physician can be employed to attend the sick at Camp Latham, but as there is so large a quantity of medicines and hospital stores accumulated there from the various posts and camps broken up and to be broken up, I have thought it best for the service to have these supplies sent to the puveryor to be used in other districts. There are large amounts of flour, pork, and other subsistence stores at New Sand Diego. I have sent there and withdrawn a good supply of sugar, coffee, rice, and tea for the expedition. These small stores can be taken to the front to help make up the ration where meat and bread can be bought. The stores at San Diego, except a year's supply for one company which is to garrison that post, I would respectfully recommend to be sent to the depot at New San Pedro for the garrison at Camp Latham by the Senator; or, if necessary, shipped farther north, so that they may be consumed before they deteriorate. I have established, as you see by the inclosed order, a chain of vedettes to bring and to carry information. While they will exercise surveillance upon the route, and in some places guard sub-depots of supplies necessary deposited here and there upon the road, they will keep me informed of all that transpires in my rear; all that relates to the approach of supplies, and keep me in open communication with the general. This will be done with no increased expense, at least none of importance. All of which is respectfully submitted for the general's consideration and approval.

The troops and trains are crossing the desert by installments, and thus far successfully. Colonel West, with seven companies, will be at the Pimas on the 30th instant.

Respectfully, I am, captain, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Camp Wright, Cal., April 21, 1862.

Distances from Los Angeles, Cal., estward: To the Monte, 12 miles, water, grass, wood; to San Jose, 13 miles, water, grass; to Chino Rancho, 14 miles; water, grass; to Temescal, 20 miles, water, grass, wood; to Laguna, 16 miles, water, grass wood; to Temecula, 21 miles, water, grass wood; to the Dutchman's, 16 miles, water, grass wood; to Oak Grove, 9 miles, water, grass, wood; to Warner's ranch, 16 miles, water, grass, wood; * to San Felippe, 16 miles, water, grass; * to Vallecito, 16 miles, water, grass; * to Palm Springs, 9 miles, water; to bad; * to Indian Wells, 18 miles, water scarce; * to new River, 15 miles, water scarce and bad; to Norton's Wells, 12 miles, water good; * to Gardiner's Wells, 8 miles, water bad; to Cooke's Wells, 17 miles, water good; * to Algodones, 13 miles, water good; to Fort Yuma, 11 miles, water, grass, wood; * to Gila City, 22 miles, water; to Mission

