
Camp, 13 miles, water; to Antelope Peak, 12 miles, water, grass; to Mohawk, 12 miles, water, grass; to Texas Hill, 11 miles, water, grass; to Stanwix's ranch, 15 miles, water, grass; to Burker's Station, 12 miles, water, grass (old); to Oatman's Flat, 12 miles, water to Kenyon's Station, 14 miles, water, grass (some); to Gila Bend, 16 miles, water, grass (little); to Maricopa Wells, 40 miles, water (salt grass), grass and water bad; to Casa Blanca, 11 miles, water (in a well), grass; to Picacho, 14 miles, water (sometimes in tanks); to Point of Mountain, 24 miles, water (in a well), grass (litte); to Tucson, 16 miles, water, grass, (grain can be purchased); to Cienega, 30 miles, water, grass; to San Pedro 24 miles, water grass (good place to recruit); to Dragoon Springs, 18 miles, grass (plenty), water one mile up canon; to Apache Pass, 40 miles, grass (no water for this distance); to San Simon, 16 miles, water, grass; to Steen's Peak, 14 miles, water (scarce), grass; to Soldier's Farewell, 35 miles; to Cow Springs, 14 miles, water, grass (plenty), Indians bad; to Miembres River, 16 miles, water, grass; to Cooke's Springs, 16 miles; to Picacho (on the river0, 52 miles, water, grass; to Mesilla, 6 miles, water, grass. Total, 859 miles.

All troops and trains in their marches across the desert will make the camps as marked by the asterisks.

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Camp Wright, Cal., April 21, 1862.

Captain MOSES A. McLAUGHLIN,

Second Cavalry California Volunteers:

CAPTAIN: The colonel commanding directs that immediately upon your return to Temecula from San Diego, without wainting for the train which you are escorting, you will proceed without delay to Fort Yuma, Cal., and report to the commanding officer of that post for further orders.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

NOTE. - You will take three of your detachment as an escort on your departure from Temecula for Fort Yuma; the remainder you will leave with your party at Camp Wright. It may be well for you to know that upon your arrival at Forty Yuma you will probably be tried before a general court-martial now in session at that post on charges which have been preferred against you for cruelly beating and maltreating Private Michael Burk, formerly of your company.

B. C. C.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Camp Wright, Oak Grove, April 21, 1862.

Major DAVID FERGUSSON,

First Cavalry California Volunteers,

Supposed to be Commanding at Camp Drum, Cal.:

MAJOR: In case you have not left Camp Drum, and in case Allen's train has not left, this is to inform you that it will not be necessary for

