
you to load on at New San Pedro any more subsistence stores than you will require for the use of your command on its march, say to Carriso Creek. I find a good supply at this camp, and have sent to San Diego for twenty wagon loads, so you can load with barley, ay 2,500 pounds per team, including the other stores which you are to bring, and including your baggage, &amp;c. ; thus your teams will be fresh. If you find any barley or corn at Clancy's, or at Temescal, Temecula, Camp Wright, San Felipe, or Carriso Creek, you can keep your supply up to the origianl mark at Camp Drum. There are some paulins at Greenwade's which you must bring. Inclosed is an order for Surgeon Christian and Lieutenant Frink to come forward. They are to come with you in case you have left. Be sure they come with you, and be sure that they have but the regulation allowance of baggage determined by the scales. The howitzer ammunition, percussion caps, cartridges for revolvers, army size, &c., which may have come down, you are to bring. Have the troops walk at least half the time, and have at least two hours' halt to grazxe midway each day's march. The soldiers must be drilled at the saber exercise on horseback while marching at least an hour each day. The horses must be kept fresh and in good condition, even though the men walk most of the way. Please get from Mr. Banning two of Captain Moore's umbrellas and bring them on. No news yet from Tucson.

I am, major, respectfully, &c.,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Camp Wright, Cal., April 21, 1862.

Major E. A. RIGG,

First Infantry California Vols., Commanding at Fort Yuma, Cal.:

MAJOR: Captain Shirland with his company of cavalry en route to Fort Yuma encamped to-night at Vallecito. He is followed by McDonald's train, divided in two parts, the first part oen day behind him, the second part two days. Have Shirland's horses shod and ferried across the river the day after his arrival; have McDonald's mules shod, and his teams ferried over the day after his arrival. McDonald's train is to be loaded, each team as fast as its mules are shod. You will forward to Lieutenant-Colonel West 20,000 rounds of ammunition for the rifle muskets, 10,000 rounds of ammunition for the Sharps carbines; 5,000 rounds for the navy revolvers. You will forward the wagon load of manta which goes with McDonald's train, the pemmican, the hospital stores about which Surgeon McNulty writes to Assistant Surgeon Meacham by this express, and forwarde the wagon load of tents in McDonald's train. The remainder of the loading of McDonald's train must be made up of subsistence stores in due proportion, one article with another. The day following that on which McDonald's train must be made up of subsistence stores in due proportion, one article with another. The day following that on which McDonald's last wagons reach Fort Yuma, Captain Cremony's company will reach Fort Yuma, followed by Winstons' train of thirty-one wagons in two divisions a day apart. These will be filled in like manner, except that Winston's train will be loaded with subsistence stores in due proportion. Shirland will escort McDonald's train, starting as soon as the last of that train has crossed the river, and Cremony will escort Winston's, starting as soon as Winston's last wagon has crossed the river. This operation will consume six days' time, when other

