
sent them to the depot at Mesilla, which I had established. I then proceeded 100 miles farther down the valley of the Rio Grande into Texas. The object of my march was to restore confidence to the people. They had been taught by the Texans that we were coming among them as marauders and as robbers. When they found we treated them kindly and paid them a fair price for all the supplies we required their rejoiced to find, as the came under the old flag once, more, that they could now have protection and will be treated justly. The abhorrence they expressed for the Confederate troops and of the rebellion convinced me that their loyalty to the United States is now beyind question.

On August 22 the troops of the Column from California hoisted the Stars and Striped over Fort Quitman. This was done by Captain JohnC. Cremony, with his company (B. Second California Volunteers Cavalry). On the same day Captain Shirland, First California Volunteer Cavalry, was directed to proceed to Fort Davis, 140 miles still farther into Texas, and hoisted the national colors over that post. (See General Orders, Numbers 16, marked K.) How well Captain Shirland performed this duty and how gallantly he and his men behaved in a fight with the Indians will be seen by his report, a copy of which is herewith inclosed, marked L. Captain Roberts' company, which whipped the Indians in Apache Pass, is from Sacramento. Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre, who led my advance guard to the Rio Grande and hoisted the colors over Forts, Third, Fillmore, Bliss, and Mesilla, is from Sacramento, and so is Captain Shirland, who hoisted the Stars and Stripes 240 miles farther into the State of Texas, and also whipped the Indians in that neighborhood. This speaks nobly for the men from that city. I inclose a telegraphic communication from General Canby to the Adjutant-General of the Army, dated August 10, in which he requests that a regiment more of infantry and five companies of cavalry be sent into the Department of New Mxico from California, so as to relieve the regular troops now here it is marked M. On August 21 I was instructed to arrange the affairs of the District of Arizona so as to turn over that district to have officer next in rank to myself, and to hold myself in readines to repair to the headquarters Department of New Mexico. I also received Special Orders, Numbers 148, from the headquarters of that department, directing me to send and officer as bearer of dispatches to the commander of the Department of the Pacific. Copies of these documents are herewith inclosed, Marked N.

On September 2 I received Special Orders, Numbers 153 (marked O), directing me to relieve Brigadier-General Canby in the command of the Department of New Mexico. Previous to this order I had published General Orders, Numbers 17, which posted a company of infantry at Franklin, Tex., and another one at Hart's Mill, Tex. It is herewith inclosed, marked P. On September 1 I put the texan prisoners of was whom I found at Franklin on their parole, and sent them on their way to San Antonio, tex., Escorted by Company D, First California Volunteer Cavalry. (See my letter to the commanding officer of the Confederate forces, San Antonio, Tex., marked Q.) I then returned to Las Cruses, N. Mex., where I published General Orders, Numbers 20 (marked R), regulating the affairs of the District of Arizona and transferring the command of that district to Colonel Joseph R. West, First California Volunteers Infantry. (I still retain the command of the Column from California, and shall cause all the reports which you require in your letter to me, dated at San Francisco, May 30, to be sent to the headquarters Department of the Pacific, until I am otherwise ordered by competent authority.) I then proceeded to Santa Fe, arriving here on the 16th instant.

