
capture them, using for this purpose the whole force under your command, or such part of it as you may judge sufficient, including the detachment under Lieutenant Staples, who will place himself under your orders. As soon as you have no further use of his detachment in respect to the object now in view Lieutenant Staples will take post with it on Yager Creek, opposite Simmons', aggreably to Special Orders, Numbers 43.

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. Second Infantry California Vols.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.

(Copy to Lieutenant Staples, Third Infantry California Volunteers. 0
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Camp Wright, Cal., April 22, 1862.

Major E. A. RIGG,

First Infantry California Vols., Commanding Fort Yuma, Cal.:

MAJOR: Since writing to you yesterday circumstances have rendered it necessary to delay Winston's train in reaching Yuma some two or three days, so you can have Shirland and McDonald's train await above Fort Yuma, where there is good grass or hay abundant, and rest until further orders. Send Cremony to the same point on his arrival to await Winston's train. I shall perhaps be at Fort Yuma as soon as Cremony. I wish you to send two loads of hay out upon the desert to the points where it is most needed, to be kept exclusively for the use of Shinn's light battery as it come on. he will have 125 horses and mules.

I am, major, very respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 17. San Francisco, Cal., April 23, 1862.

The general commanding this department having been appealed to by many loyal citizens residing on the Pacific Coast, for the adoption of more vigorous measures against the treasonable designs of persons who, while claiming and receiving protection for themselves and property, do not blush to denounce the Cheif Magistrate and Government of the United States, and do all in their power to raise the standard of rebellion on this coast, it is therefore made the express duty of all officers commanding districts or posts to maintain within their respective jurisdictions a due observance of our National and State laws, and a proper respect for the legally constituted authorities. Treason's hideous crest shall not pollute the fair land of California. Military commanders will promptly arrest and hold in custody all person against whom the charge of aiding and abetting the rebellion can be sustained; and under no circumstances will such persons be released without first subsribing the oath of allegiance to the United States.

All persons seeking to furnish supplies of any kind to the army on this coast must first submit unequivocal evidence of their loyalty to the Goverment, otherwise their propositions will not be entertained.

