
The following General Orders of the War Department are republished for general information. *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

R. W. KIRKHAM,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. ADVANCE GUARD, CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,Grinnel's Ranch, April 23, 1862.

Lieutenant B. C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of Southern California:

I have the honor to report the arrival of my command (one company of cavalry and four companies of infantry) at this station, five days from Fort Yuma. We proceed to-morrow and should reach the Pimas on the 28th instant. I take with me thirty-six wagons. Two are left here to join Bosha's, with twelve now en route from Fort Yuma with 11,000 rations subsistence. Then the fourteen will go forward escorted by Lieutenant Nichols, with sixteen men First California Volunteer Cavalry. To carry through my fifty wagons and the cavalry id raw from the 35,000 pounds barley; this half-rations the fifty wagons back to this post. I shall send them back without a moment's delay. Unless otherwise instructed, I shall send Company I, First California Volunteer Infantry, back to this post. So my orders of March 31 read. The 300 flour-sack coats, 300 pairs of shoes, and the manta were not on the four potato wagons. The latter should be expressed on, if possible. When Bosha's train gets through I shall have rations for 800 men to June 1.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel, First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

Report on measures taken to make secure the Overland Mail Route to California.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 24, 1862.

First. November 13, 1861, Major-General McClellan directed Brigadier-General Wright to order the necessary force, two or three regiments - if possible, under colonel Carleton - to protect the Overland Mail Route, and to confer with Louis McLane, esq., about the loaction of the troops.

Second. General Wright's reply, marked A,+ shows the season to be too late to send troops and supplies, reprots he has agreed with the Governor of Nevada to issue provisions from Fort Churchill (Carson's Valley) to the Indians, and the Governor and himself feel sure that measure will keep the Indians quiet and the route secure until spring. The Governor's letter is inclosed in General Wright's.

Third. December 10, 1861, General Wright reports the Overland Mail Route cannot be depended on because of storms of rain and snow, and suggests sending letters by sea through express (marked B. ++)

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 67, August 26, 1861, Series III, Vol. I.

+See Wright to Thomas, December 9, 1861, p. 753.

++See p. 757.

---------------

