
Fourth. January 9, 1862, General Wright alludes to apprehensions of Indian hositilities on the overland route, but says quiet has thus far been preserved, and the issue of provisions has had a good effect (marked C*).

Fifth March 21, 1862, orders were sent from the Secretary of War to Brigadier-General Wright to make necessary preparations and disposition of his troops to protect emigrants and the Overland Mail Route from Indian hostilities and depredations, a report called for of what he could do, and whether Colonel Carleton could have the immediate direction.

Sixth. General Wright's reply, marked D,+ received this day by mail, reports five companies of cavalry (of which two are at Fort Churchill) and six of infantry ready to move on the overland route as soon as the season will permit, and says he can rpotect the route as far as Salt Lake or Fort Bridger. Mr. McLane's not einclosed says the Overland Company expect that troops will be permanently stationed on the mail route for the protection of the mails and treasure. This ends the report as far as the Department of the Pacific is concerned.

Seventh. February 26, 1862, the commander of Fort Kearny was ordered to "give protection to the stock and property of the Ovelrand Mail Company and not allow any interference in carrying the U. S. mails, under color of any civil authority or pretense whatever. " Copy of this was sent to General Hunter, commanding Department of Kansas.

Eighth. April 2, 1862, the following dispatch was sent to Colonel E. B. Alexander, Tenth U. S. Infantry, at Fort Laramie:

Complaints are made that you have neglected to furnish men and arms for protection to the Overland Mail Route. The Secretary of War now peremptorily directs that you afford every necessary protection in men and means, also report why this has not been previously done.

Ninth. Colonel Alexander's reply (marked E) does not believe in reports of Indian hostilities near his post. Will not trust employes of the mail company because many are secessionists. Refers to report of March 2 (which should be 22d) for reasons why he did not send men and arms.

Tenth. Colonel Alexander's report of March 22 (marked F.)

Eleventh. April 10, 1862, the following dispatch was sent to General Denver, commanding at Fort Leavenworth:

The Secretary of War directs that you afford every necessary protection to the Overland Mail Route against Indians and other depredations.

Twelfth. And the following was sent to the same officer April 11, 1862:

Send daily a stage load of soldiers from Leavenworth or Atchison, or any nearer point, until each station in the Indian country where depredations are committed shall have ample protection. Let rations be furnished from Laramie and Kearny or until other arrangements can be made by the Overland Company, with whom the Government can settle afterwards. The Secretary desires everything in your power to be done to give the fullest protection to the Overland Mail Route.

There are no mounted troops in the vicinity and considerable time would elapse before they could be placed in position to guard the part of the mail route said to be subject to molestation, which is nearer Salt Lake than Fort Laramie. The suggestion of the acting Governor and other civil functionaries of Utah that a regiment of mounted men be raised in that Territory is not concurred in because it is not supposed so large a force is necessary. The proposition of Senato by him most expedient and reasonable, is that Brigham Young be authorized to raise, arm, and equip a company of 100 mounted

---------------

*See p. 798.

+See dispatch of March 26, p. 953.

---------------

