
men for not less than three months, to protect the mail and route, and the telegraph line west of Salt Lake near Independence Rock, from Indian depredations and to recover the stock and property of the mail company which has been stolen. From the personal interest Brigham Young is said to have in the telegraphic communication with Salt Lake and from his known influence over his own people, and over the Indian tribes around, this plan is supposed to offer the most expeditious and economical remedy to the obstructions to the mail route. The objection to this plan is that Brigham Young is not a functionary recognized by the United States Government, and a requisition for volunteers from utah should be made upon the Governor of the Territory. There are two companies of the Third Regular Cavalry, paroled men, now at Detroit. These might be mounted and sent to the point where troops are required, but a considerable time would elapse before they could reach there.

Respectfully submitted.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP DRUM,Near New San Pedro, Cal., April 24, 1862.

Captain R. V. KIRKHAM,

Assistant Quartermaster and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose herewith a letter from Captain William Jones, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, with a communication from a Mr. W. L. Kennedy in relation to the expedition to Owen's Lake under Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, Second Cavalry California Volunteers. There is nothing left on record at this post to show the nature of Colonel Evans' instructions or duties, &amp;c. I sent this day to Captain Jones, commanding at Camp Latham, a six-mule team and wagon and twelve aparejos. The depot quartermaster at the depot at New San Pedro also turned over to-day to the acting assistant quartermaster at Camp Latham nineteen mules, considered as unserviceable, however, being left by Captain T. Moore, assistant quartermaster, as such. Being on special duty here I cannot of course take any action in regard to the relief of Colonel Evans, but I suppose Captain Jones, who is an officer of good judgment, will send to his relief. I sent a message to-day to Captain Jones to report to the general commanding such facts as he was in possession of in regard to this affair, and to report such action as he might take in the premises. Colonel Evans has not been heard from officially since he left. The parties certifying to the reliability of Mr. Kennedy are themselves entitled to consideration as to respectability and credibility, I believe.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S. - Though this is not the proper mode of asking it, I would, in view of the urgency of the case, respectfully request the orders of the commanding general for two trumpets for the First Cavalry California Volunteers, to be sent by the Senator on her next trip. They are indispensable. Lieutenant Morgan, acting assistant quartermaster at New San Pedro, will receipt for them. Requisitions have been forwarded for these articles heretofore to no avail.

D. F.

