
probable increase of the number of Indian prisoners and the great number of general prisoners, some thirty or more now about to be tried for their lives, that Captain Akey has only some fifteen privates, more or less, for duty, all of whom are much needed in the field, I think myself bound to report another and a well-discriplined company for no other duty than to garrison this post to be also indispensable, and respectfully permit, as soon as practicable. Being compelled to keep a portion of the mounted company here as a garrison, the detachment posted at Liscombe's Hill to furnish the necessary escorts and expresses was about half what was needed. The result is that, as reported to me whilst I am now writing, the horses of that detachment are fast breaking down from overwork; one of them has just died on the road. They will have to be relieved as fast as they give out by fresh horses from the stables here, which are still in a rather poor condition. To recall that detachment would be to leave our communication exposed, our supply trains without escort, and settlements unguarded. The service these twenty-seven men are now rendering makes them equivalent to at least two companies of infantry. All the settlers agree that if the Hoopas and Klamaths should rise we would have a long and bloody war on our hands, and that whenever they do rise their first step will be to attack Fort Gason, which has no defenses whatever, and peculiarly liable, from its location, to surprise. Deeming it of the first importance to prevent any such event and to hold these tribes in check until we have disposed of the hostile Indians in this neighborhood, and at the same time to quiet the alarm expressed on this point throughout the community, I have sent the two companies of Lieutenant-Colonel Olney's command to that post. Captain Johns will now be able to place detachments at so many points that all the movements of the Hoopas can be watched, and if not able to apprehend those of them that are said to be constantly leaving their valleys to take part in the present hostilities, will be at least able to verify the fact and to enforce at once such severe measures upon the leading men of the tribe residing around the fort as may be necessary to repress the evil. Captain Johns was here yesterday, and I gave him full verbal instruction on the subject. The two companies have left, each with its second lieutenant in command, the other company officers with Lieutenant-Colonel Olney having to remain here on the court-martial, which will last several weeks. The inclosed correspondence in relation to the shooting of two Indians by Lieutenant Flynn near Trinidad will explain itself. I have only to add that I am informed on good authority that the Indian spoken of as an old man was about thirty-five or forty years of age.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second California Vol Infty., Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] THINIDAD, April 11, 1862.

Colonel F. J. LIPPITT,

Commanding Fort Humboldt:

DEAR SIR: The undersigned, secretary of a public meeting held in this place on the 10th instant, submits the following recital of facts: That a company of twenty-five men under command of Lieutenant Flynn, a portion of the command stationed in Humboldt County, having under a circuitous march from that county, striking Klamath County at a

