
point knows as the Lagoon district, eight miles from this place, there succeeded on the 9th instant in killing one old man and wounding another belonging to a ranch occupied by three male Indians who have always been of an inoffensive character, living at least thirty miles from the theater of hostilities in Humboldt County, and belonging to a different tribe and speaking an entirely different language from those with whom the people of Humboldt are at war. At the public meeting called in consequence the following resulutions were unanimously adopted, with an additional one, that a copy be forwarded to Brigadier-General Wright and Colonel Lippitt:

Resolved, That while our earnest sympathies are due, and are held by the people of Humboldt County in the present Indin war which rages within her boundaries, yet we entirely deprecate and enter our public protest against the invasion of Klamath County by any of the citizens of Humboldt County or military command stationed therein for the purpose of killing peaceable Indians; that such an act will only bring upon us all the horrors of an Indian war.

Resolved, That a committee should be appointed to wait upon Lieutenant Flynn and represent to him the madness and folly on his part of attempting the subjugation of 3,000 well-armed Indians by a force of twenty-five U. S. soldiers, and that we, the people of this vicinity, can be the same system we have heretofore used toward the Indians in the neighborhood exert and use the same control over them that we have ever had.

Respectfully, yours,

CLINTON WOODFORD,

Secretary of Meeting.

A. HANDY,

Chairman.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,

Fort Humboldt, April 23, 1862.

CLINTON WOODFORD,

Secretary of a Public Meeting held at Trinidad:

SIR: Before answering your letter of the 11th instant, transmitting a copy of resolutions passed at a meeting in Trinidad, I have waited to receive Lieutenant Flynn's official report of his scout. That report is now received, and it appears by it that Lieutenant Flynn has done no more than his duty. Under instructions from the general commanding the Department of the Pacific the troops under my command are now prosecuting a war against the hostile Indians in this district wherever they may be found. Lieutenant Flynn, while in command of a scout, was led to believe, from information received, that a band of some 200 hostile Indians had crossed to the southerly side of Redwood Creek and gone down to its mouth. He every properly went in pursuit of them. Before arriving there he saw three Indians going in that direction, very possibly, at least, to inform the others of his approach, and so enable them to escape. He very properly took them prisoners, and they having attempted to escape after being fully warned of the consequences, Lieutenant Flynn having no other means of stopping them, and in order to prevent, as he supposed, the entire defeat of the object of his expedition, as a good and faithful officer fired upon them, by which fire one of them was killed and another wounded. Whatever course may be adopted with regard to the peaceable Indians in this

