
district, the citizens of Trinidad cannot expect any county boundary line to constitute a barrier to the pursuit of hostile Indians by the troops under my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Commanding Second California Volunteer Infantry,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 25, 1862.

Captain GEORGE F. PRICCo. M, Second Cav. California Vols., Camp Alert, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: I have lately received of Indian difficulties at or in the vicinity of Honey Lake, and deeming it necessary to send some troops to look after affairs in that quarter as well as the country around Pyramind Lake, I have ordered your company designated for this duty. The quartermaster's department has made arrangements for your transportation from this place by steamer to-morrow evening as far as Sacramento, and from that place you will march via the Placerville route to Carson City. An agent of the quartermaster will accompany you and furnish everything necessary for the movement. An order has been sent to the commanding officer at Fort Churchill to send to Carson City in wagons subsistence for your command for one month. After receiving your supplies I desire you to move with your command to Susanville, on Honey Lake, or to such point as you may deem your presence necessary. The main object of sending you is to restore peace between the white people and the Indians. Should you capture any of the latter who have been guilty of murder, robbery, &amp;c., execute summary justice on them. I have generally found that by hanging a few of the worst Indians peace and quiet is soon restored. My instructions to you must necessarily be of a general character. Knowing your activity and zeal, coupled with a knowledge of that country, I take great pleasure in confiding to your judgment and management the entire business. Consult with Governor Nye and the leading citizens whom you may fall in with, and report frequently to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

STEAMER PANAMA, Near San Francisco, April 26, 1862.

General WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

SIR: I take the earliest opportunity to lay before you the inclosed copies of letters addressed to Governor Pesqueira, of Sonora, Mexico, by the rebel General H. H. Sibley and his next in command, Colonel Reily. * Please forward after your perusal to the State Department at Washington. I also deliver you important extracts of letters+ from reliable persons at El Paso, made and forwarded by our very worthy

---------------

*For first inclosure see Sibley to the Governor of the State of Sonora, December 16, 1861, p. 766; and for last inclosure see Escalante to Moody (inclosure of the letter from Waterman to Wright, April 7), p. 988.

+See Robertson to Wright, April 18, p. 1012.

---------------

