
and efficient consul at Mazatlan, R. L. Robertson. Our loyal citizens in the northern States of Mexico, especially Sonora, deem it of great importance our Government should prevent the exit of the rebels into Mexico; at least to have an armed vessel at Guaymas to guard against any of their contemplated demonstrations at that important harbor.

Witht he greatest respect, I have the honor, general, to be, your most obedient servant,

FARRELLY ALDEN,

Ex U. S. Vice-Consul.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NEW MEXICO, C. S. ARMY, Fort Bliss, Tex., December 27, 1861.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF SONORA:

SIR: I have the honor hereby to accredit to Your Excellency Colonel James Reily, of the Army of the Confederate States, who is charged with the duty of delivering to Your Excellency a communication of importance, and of further explaining the views entertained and objects contemplated by me. Colonel Reily is the next officer to myself in rank and command present on this frontier with the forces of the Confederate States, and Your Excellency will recognize in his selection for this duty the desire I have of manifesting to you my high respect and appreciation. I commenced to your consideration the representations which he shall make to you, and bespeak for him your highest confidence and esteem, as well in his private as in his official capacity.

With great respect and the highest consideration, I am Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, Commanding Army of New Mexico.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HERMOSILLO, SONORA, MEXICO, March 14, 1862.

His Excellency Senor Don IGNACIO PESQUEIRA,

Governor of the State of Sonora, Republic of Mexico:

The understanding has the honor to inform Your Excellency that I am here, having a communication to you from Brigadier General H. H. Sibley, of the Army of the Confederate States of America, and commanding the Army of New Mexico. In obedience to orders received at Fort Thorn, on the Rio Grande, I was proceeding to Ures, but am happy to find Your Excellency would designate a time when you would give me a personal interview, so that I might present you with my letter of credence from the general, and at the same time deliver the communication with which I have the honor to be intrusted.

I have the honor to be, with sentiments of the highest consideration and respect, most respectfully, yours,

JAMES REILY,

Colonel, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] HERMOSILLO, SONORA, March 15, 1862.

His Excellency Senor Don IGNACIO PESQUEIRA,

Governor of the State of Sonora, Republic of Mexico:

The undersigned has the honor to call the attention of Your Excellency to an article headed "Mysterious proceedings in the South," in a newspaper published at San Francisco, Cal., styled The Herald and

