
Mirror, and dated February 14, 1862, and circulated in this city. The undersigned most respectfully requests to be informed if His Excellency credits the falsehood stated in said article? If His Excellency the Governor credits the falsehood, the undersigned most respectfully requests that he be at once informed what action has been taken in the matter by himself or the General Government. Has General Wright the privilege to occupy Guaymas with Federal troops? The undersigned most respectfully requests an early reply to this note to the communication of General Sibley, and the return of this newspaper inclosed.

With sentiments of highest consideration and respect,

JAMES REILY,

Colonel, C. S. Army, First Regiment, Army of New Mexico.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.] HERMOSILLO, March 17, 1862.

His Excellency Senor Don INGACIO PESQUEIRA, &amp;c.,

Sonora:

The undersigned present his compliments to His Excellency the Governor of Sonora, and informs him that the undersigned would be gratified to pay a brief visit by the diligence to-morrow to Guaymas. The undersigned requests to be informed if His Excellency has any objection to his visiting Guaymas, as the undersgined is unwilling to do anything contrary to the wish or policy of His Excellency the Governor.

With sentiments of great consideration and respect,

JAMES REILY,

C. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.] HERMISILLO, SONORA, March 18, 1862.

His Excellency Senor Don IGNACIO PESQUEIRA, &c.,

Sonora, Republic of Mexico:

The undersigned has the honor to acknowledge the receipt on yesterday of His Excellency's two notes, one directed to Brigadier General H. H. Sibley and the other to myself. The undersigned requests His Excellency to issue him a passport for himself and escort, and also his letter of recredence to General H. H. Sibley, C. S. Army, commanding Army of New Mexico. The undersigned is sincere in the expression of the wish that nothing will occur to obstruct the present friendly relations now existing between the Confederate States and the State of Sonora. The undersigned most respectfully requests the return of the newspaper styled The Herald and Mirror, of date February 14, 1862, which he had the honor to inclose to Yoru Excellency.

I have the honor to be, with sentiments of highest consideration and respect, respectfully, yours,

JAMES REILY,

Colonel, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.] HERMISILLO, SONORA, March 24, 1862.

His Excellency Senor Don IGNACIO PESQUEIRA,

Governor of Sonora, Mexico, at Ures:

The undersigned has the honor herewith to inclose the letter* of credence from General Sibley, C. S. Army, by which the undersigned

---------------

*See Inclosure Numbers 1.

---------------

