
was accredited to the confidence and kind consideration of Your Excellency, and which letter has by some mistake been returned to the undersigned. The undersigned respectfully requests from Your Excellency the letter of recredence (usual in such cases) directed to the general, and by which he may be informed whether in my deportment and official and private intercourse with Your Excellency, and during my residence in Sonora, I have obeyed his instructions to cultivate the most respectful and friendly relations. The undersigned will take great pleasure in reporting to the general the courtesy with which he has been treated, and his belief in the desire of Your Excellency to be on good terms with the Government of the Confederate States, and also your determination to maintain a strict neutrality in the present war between the South and the North. The undersigned requests Your Excellency would be pleased to direct your answer to this letter to the care of the perfect at Magdalena.

With sentiments of highest regard and consideration, I remain, most respectfully, yours,

JAMES REILY,

Colonel, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Sackett's Wells, Yuma Desert, Cal., April 26, 1862.

Captain JOHN B. SHINN,

Commanding Light Company A, Third Artillery, San Felipe, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: I presume you will arive at San Felipe to-day. Stay at that point the whole of the 27th instant; leave for Vallecito on the 28th; leave Vallecito for Carriso Creek on the 29th; leave Carriso Creek for Indian Well at 4 p. m. on the 30th. I shall cause all the water at Sackett's Wells to be saved for you; but these wells are drying up, so you most not count on even one gallon per animal. Have all your kegs filled at Carriso Creek. Have your barley soaked, so as to feed of soaked barley at Sackett's Wells five quarters per animal. At Sackett's Wells you will find a feed of hay. Thus you will arrive quite fresh at Indian Well early on May 1. Start again at 4 p. m., with soaked barley for a night's feed. I will send you back word again, if necessary.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 51. Indian Well, Cal., April 27, 1862.

After this date companies of troops and Government trains will pass the Yuma Desert in the night, starting from Carriso Creek at 4 pl. m., going eastward. Cavalry and quartermaster's trains must be so divided as to not have over eighty animals leave Carriso Creek twenty-four hours in advance of the next eighty. Thus the supply of water at Indian Well, the Alamo, and Cooke's Wells will each afford a supply for eighty animals.

By order of Colonel Carleton;

BEN. C. CUTLER,First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

NOTE. - The above order does not apply to Shinn's battery, which leaves Carriso Creek April 30 at 4 p. m.

