HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Indian Well, Yuma Desert, Cal., April 27, 1862.

First Lieutenant W. G. MORRIS,

Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Indian Well:

SIR: The colonel commanding directs that you remain at Indian Well in person with the party you have detailed, to be stationed permanently at that point until after Shinn's battery has passed there. You will see yourself that the barrels which Judge Winston brings from Sackett's Wells are properly placed in the earth, and that all the barrels here are filled with water for the battery which leaves Carriso Creek April 30 at 4 p. m. The party detailed by you to remain permanently at Indian Well will reliave the party from Fort Yuma now here. The remainder of your party will proceed to Yuma with Judge winston's train. after seeing that every facility is afforded Lieutenant Shinn in getting a good supply of water at this point, you can come on to Fort Yuma with the light battery. The party from Fort Yuma now on duty here will remain here until after the battery has left, and then go on to Fort Yuma by the first train which passes for that point. You are to instruct the party of vedettes stationed here that in addition to their other duties they will be expected to keep the barrels at these wells filled up with water at all times. Captain Moore has contracted with Mr. Williams, of Carriso Creek, to deliver some seven or eight tons of hay at this point, the first load to be placed here in about one week from this date.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, April 27, 1862.

Captain DOUGLAS,

Second Infantry California Vols., Commanding Fort Anderson:

CAPTAIN: In consequence of the weakenning of the force at Fort Lyon and the withdrawing of the troops at Riley's, you are expected to extend your operations so as to include the district lying between Redwood Creek and Mad River.

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

Very respectfully, your obedient serva, Jr.,

First Lieutenant and Actg. Second Infantry California Vols.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.

SAN FRANCISCO, April 28, 1862.

(Received 2. 30 a. m. 29th.)

Adjutant-General THOMAS:

Will the War Department please assign Bvt. Major P. Lugenbeel to duty according to his brevet? He is at Vancounver, and volunteer troops assembling there under majors.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

