SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 69. San Francisco, Cal., April 28, 1862.

Under the special circumstances Bvt. Major P. Lugenbeel, Ninth Infantry, is assigned to duty according to brevet rank, subject to the approval of the War Department.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

R. W. KIRKHAM,Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,

Camp at Norton's Wells, Yuma Desert, Cal., April 28, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Fifth Infantry California Vols., Commanding at Camp Wright, Cal.:

COLONEL: About the time this reaches you, say the 30th instant, some trains will be near your post en route from San Pedro to Fort Yuma. These trains must be so divided at your camp that not over eighty animals, whether horses or mules, be at any one point on the desert on any one day. This precaution is rendered necessary from the failing of the water at Sackett's Wells. All the marches from Vallecito across the desert must be made at night, starting from each point at 5. 30 p. m. The increasing heat of the weather renders this absolutely necessary. You will arrange the programme of the movement of the trains accordingly, giving to each conductor a written paper of the hour and the day when he is to leave ach of the following places, viz: Vallecito (water plenty, perhaps some hay; hardly any agress here to be obtained). Carriso Creek (water plenty, but bad; nog rass, no hay). Indiand Well (water to be drawn up in buckets; more can be gotten by having aman descend the well there to dip the water into the buckets by a cup as fast as it rusn in; this will take all day steady work to water the animals; no grass, probably no hay). Norton's Wells (water abundant, to be drawn up in buckets; no hay, no grass). Cooke's Wells (water abundant, possibly hay; no grass). Pilot Knob (on the river; probably hay). Fort Yuma. - Send forward by the different divisions of the trains thus marching a day apart (omitting to send any of the infantry with the one with which Lieutenant Hammond is to come on without delay, with a half company of cavalry) one company of the Fifth Infantry, until only one is left at Camp Wright. Yourself, staff, band, &amp;c., will come in the next division, following your third company thus detached. You will find barley at San Felipe, Carriso Creek, Indian Well, and at Norton's Wells. If you cannot make arrangements to have fresh beef delivered to each train, each detachment, or each company thus leaving Camp Wright on its march across the desert, you must be sure to cause your commissary to issue pork, if necessary, for the whole distance. The teams must not be overloaded, as the weather is getting hot. Have the teams load mostly with submsistence stores, b eing sure to have barley enough on to last, say, eighty miles in case of accident or failure of supply at any one station. Each company will bring it squota of the rifled musket ammunition now at your camp (Wright); will bring ten days' rations of subsistence for its sustenance en route; will bring each two tents. Under no circumstances will any officer or man be permitted to bring any article of baggage, or pound's weight of baggage, not authorized by regulations for

