
troop sin the field. This rule does not apply to yourself in greater force than circumstances in your estimation may warrant. To insure this, and to insure that the teams are not overloaded, have every artcile or package or box weighed upon the scaled, and a list of such weight made up against every load. The present acting commissary of subsistence and acting assistant quartermaster at Camp Wright you will leave at that camp until further orders, even though his company comes forward. Assistant Surgeon Randle will also stay there until further orders. Brigade Surgeon Christian will come on with yourself or with Major Fergusson in case you have left before the arrival of the latter officers. I presume Surgeon Wooster has already left Camp Wright for Fort Yuma. This letter places you in control of all trains passing your post eastward until you yourself leave, and enjoins upon you the care that they shall be so instructed that not over eighty horses or mules, aggregately, be at any one of the points before mentioned at the same time. Each wagon should, if possible, have two water-kegs. Marching by night, the men and animals will suffer but little for want of water. The letters for Los Angeles will be sent forward by a dragoon express. Keene will return to Yuma from Camp Wright.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 28, 1862.

Colonel FERRIS FORMAN,

Commanding Fourth Infantry California Vols., Sacramento, Cal.:

COLONEL: The steamer Senator will sail from this city for San Pedro on Saturday morning next (the 3rd proximo) at 9 o'clock. The general commanding directs you to come down with your command destined for the southern district by Friday's boat. Arrangements have been made with the California Steam Navigation Company for the men to remain on board their boat Friday night, but the men must bring one days' ration in haversacks. The Senator will ration the men going from here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. KIRKHAM,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 28, 1862.

Colonel FERRIS FORMAN,

Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, Sacramento, Cal.:

SIR: You have been ordered to move with your regimental headquarters and staff, with three companies, to the District of Southern California. On your arrival at San Pedro move as soon as practicable with your command to Camp Latham, and assume command of all the troops at or near that place, reporting by letter to Colonel Carleton. My object in posting you in the southern district is to have an officer of rank there to command the mixed corps located in the Los Angeles

