
Distict. I have various reports of dissatisfaction and treasonable plotting in the southern district, and although I do not fully credit all the rumors afloat, yet I am satisfied that there is in that country a strong element of disloyalty which is only kept down by the strong arm of power; but should any reverses happen to our arms, the traitors would at once show their colors. It will demand of you great firmness and prudence to manage affairs in the district, but whedn it is necessary to act, let it be done promptly and without a failure. Our laws and instituions must be preserved, and no open demonstration against our Government will for a moment be tolerated. There are certain men about Los Angeles, strong Union men, too, with whose acts I am not well pleased. From some cause they are constantly trying to throw suspicion on the loyalty of the officers, especially of Colonel Carleton. Such men are infinitely worse than open and avowed traitors, who can be dealt with as they deserve. Treason must be dealt with in a summary manner, and if you make arrests, send them strongly guarded to Fort Yuma. I have not heard the result of Colonel Evans' expedition to the Mono country. If of course gave no credit to the vague rumors of his defeat, or of his failing to accomplish fully the object of his movement. I desire that a cavalry command be kept in the Mono country for a length of time, to give confidence to the settlers and to punish the Indians who may commit any aggressions. I shall be glad to hear from you fully and frequently in relation to all affairs in Southern California.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 28, 1862.

Colonel JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

First Infantry Washington Territory Volunteers,

under orders for Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

COLONEL: After assuming command of the District of Oregon, I desire that early measures be taken to concentrate the Oregon regiment of cavalry and move it to the east of the Cascades. The headquarters of that regiment will be established at Fort Walla Walla, from which place a company should be sent to the Nez Perce country, to remain, probably, during the whole summer. But the principal object in having a large cavalry force in the Walla Walla country is to move over the mining district of Salmon River in the spring and early summer, and as the season advances to be thrown forward to meet the emigrants as they approach from the Eastern States. Let the staff officers of the different departments in your district prepare their estimates and requisitions for everything necessary during the next fiscal year as soon as practicable. I commit to your hands the District of Oregon, with full powers to dispose of the troops as you may deem best to preserve the peace of the country, and to maintain the honor of our flag and respect for our Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

