
SACRAMENTO, April 29, 1862.

(Received 12 m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTOn;

Your dispatch of the 14th instant received, and will be attended to immediately.

LELAND STANFORD,

Governor of California.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, April 29, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding, &amp;c., San Francisco, Cal.:

The Secretary of War says order Surgeon Coolidge to this city, and report to the Surgeon-General for duty as soon as possible.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 29, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The route of the overland mail will not be practicable for wagons before the end of May; in the meantime we are preparing the outfit for the troops designated for that line. The southern expedition under Colonel Carleton has drawn off all our extra means of transportation, and we shall be compelled to purchase wagons, mules, &c., here. The wagons are now being manufactured in this city. We are still embarrassed for want of funds; the credit of the Government, however, is good, but we must necessarily pay more than we should have to do if we had the cash in hand. The mail route at this moment, as far as the limits of this department, can be traveled in perfect safety; had it been otherwise, I would have forced a passage over the mountains and thrown troops on the line at any cost. I presume it is the desgin of the department to have troops distributed along the line to afford permanent protection for the mails and treasure. With the treasure, of course the escort would have to be continued all the way, and mounted troops would be required for this service monthly or semi-monthly. The distance from Sacramento to Fort Bridger is about 800 miles, and it will be important to have a careful examination of the whole route made and suitable points selected for posts. Ruby Valley is well spoken of; it is about midway between Fort Churchill and Camp Floyd. On the 15th proximo I shall advance Colonel Connor's command toward the mountains and have it prepared to cross as soon as possible. A year's supply of clothing, subsistence, &c., will be sent over as soon as the roads are in good order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 29, 1862.

Colonel FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District of Humboldt, Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

COLONEL: Your letters of the 16th, 23d, and 24th instant are received and submitted to the general commanding, all of which are approved.

