
Lieutenant-Colonel Rigg, which will be a reward for his important services as commanding officer at Fort Yuma during the past winter and for his efficient labors in the column while crossing the Great Desert. I regard Colonel Riggs as one of the finest, soldiers in the Columns from California. Thosewho knew the troops from Califnornia as I knew them will consider this a high compliment.

Lieutenant Colonel Edward E. Eyre, First California Volunteer Cavalry, deserves a regiment. The zeal he has manifested in the discharge of his duties and the alacrity and cheerfulness he has always shown when when called upon for any hazardous enterprise distinguished him as one eminently fitted for the profession of arms. If five companies more of cavalry are to be sent from California, as requested by General Canby, I trust they will be added to the five which now compose the First California Volunteer Cavalry, and that Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre will be commissioned as full colonel. The services of Major Coult, Fifth Califonia Volunteer Infantry, and of Major Fergusson, First California Volunteer Cavalry, and of Major McMullen, First Califonia Volunteer Infantry, have been most ardurous and are edeserving of reward. The officers and men of the Second Califonia Volunteer Cavalry and of the Fifth California Volunteer Infantry shared alike in all the privations and toil encountered by the First California Volunteer Infantry and the First California Volunteer Cavalry. As soldiers, patient, energetic, and patriotic. If I should select the names of some of them to be rewarded for these high qualities, it would be an invidious distinction. Captain John B. Shinn and First Lieutenant Franklin Hardwood, of the Third U. S. Artillery, for their incessant toil by night and by day to bring the battery of light artillery which is attached to the Column from california through the Yuma and Gila Deserts, should each receive the comliment of a brevet - Captain Shinn to be brevetted as major and First Lieutenant Hardwood as captain. Unless these young men are rewarded by a compliment of this kind I shall always feel that the passageof a battery of light artillery of light artillery, always in fighting condition, over such an inhospitable waste, in the midst of the heats of summer, is a matter of such trivial importance in the profession of arms as not to be worthy of notice. Theirs was the first battery that ever crossed the desesert. I am sure that he who crosses the next one will be considered an accomplished soldier. I trust that General Wright will call the attention of the General-in-Chief to the credit which is eminetly die these young gentleman for my adjutant-general, Lieutenant Benjamin C. Cutler; for my medical director, Surg. James M. McNulty, and for my regimental quartermaster, First Lieutenant La Fayette Hammond, all of the First California Volunteer Infantry. Their merits are too well known at the headquarters Departmentof the Pacific to need any further words of commendation from myself.

In conlusion, I beg to thank General Wright for the confidence he always reposed in me. In carrying out his orders and instructions I have endeavored to do my best, yet, as it was a new and very extended field of operations, my judgment about what was best to be done under emergencies as they arose was doubtless not always of the soundest character; yet I feel that General Wright has kindly overlooked all imperfections of this nature, and saved me the pain of many rebukes, which no doubt I have deserved. For this I feel very grateful. The march of the Column from California in the summer months across the Great Desert, in the driest season that has ever beed known for thirty

