
Two companies of your regiment now at Vancouver are under orders to report to you. They will be down on the Panam. She leaves for Vancouver on the 30th instant. The general says he can spare you no more troops at present.

I am, respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. W. KIRKHAM,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 30, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Colonel Steinberger sailed to-day for Fort Vancouver with the headquarters and four full companies of the First Infantry Washington Territory Volunteers, leaving in this city his lieutenant-colonel to complete the enrollment of three more companies. The remaining three companies are being raised in the District of Oregon. On arriving at Fort Vancouver Colonel Steinberger, as the senior officer, will assume command of the District of Oregon; and as soon as practicable I have directed that the battalions of five companies each, of the Second and Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, shall be relieved by the troops of Colonel Steinberger's regiment. The Oregon cavalry regiment of six companies will be concentrated at Fort Walla Walla as soon as the route is open for service in the mining districts, and later in the season to be thrown forward toward Fort Hall to meet the emigrants, as I have previously advised you. On the 26th instant a company of the Second Cavalry California Volunteers commanded by Captain George F. Price, left this city to proceed via Sacramento and Placerville to Carson City, and thence north to the vicinity of Honey and Pyramid Lakes, for the purpose of quelling a difficulty in that quarter between the whites and Indians. This company will afterward join the troops desingated for the protection of the Overland Mail Route. Colonel Lippitt, commanding the District of Humboldt, is exerting himself to the utmost to maintain peace in that region. I have re-enforced him with the two companies of his regiment lately at Santa Barbara, and two other companies of his regiment now at Fort Vancouver will coem down to Fort Humboldt on the return of the steamer now conveying Colonel Steinberger and his troops up the coast. South of Fort Churchill about 200 miles, on the Mono River, there has been a difficulty between our people and the Indians, and I had to send a detachment of cavalry from Fort Churchill and also a detachment from Los Angeles to the same point. I have no official report as yet from that quarter. I am under the impression, however, that it will be necessary to maintain a small command there during the summer. The excitement about the mines of the north is unabated; vast numbers are rushing to that region; every steamer and sail-vessel is crowded, and it will require great energy and prudence on the part of the commander of our troops to preserve peace in the Nez Perce and Salmon River countries during the summer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

