HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 30, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Major Drum is still absent, inspecting the troops at and near Fort Yuma. My latest dates from him are of the 14th instant. It is probable that Colonel Carleton is now at or in advance of Fort Yuma. Colonel Bowie's Fifth Infantry California Volunteers is concentrating at Fort Yuma as a reserve. Carleton's movement will sweep the predatory bands of Baylor and Reily out of Arizona and break up their plan of obtaining a foothold in Sonora, and then with the well-appointed force under his command, strengthened, if necessary, by the fine reserve regiment of Bowie, I have no apprehension as to the result in any conflict with the rebels this side of the Rio Grande. Outwardly everything is quiet in this country, but I know that there are many men on this coast who are traitors at heart, and who are at this moment writhing under the defeats of the rebels. They are harmless now, because so greatly in the monority; but such men require close surveillance. In the southern portion of this State there are more sympathizers with the rebels than anywehre else, and I have now ordered Colonel Forman, of the Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, now in camp at Sacramento, to proceed by the next steamer to San Pedro with his headquarters and three companies. The colonel will take post at Camp Latham, near Los Angeles, where we have already four companies of the Second Cavalry. It has been my aim not to create any unnecessary alarm in the publid mind on this coast, but to watch closely the progress of events and be ever ready to crush any attempt to raise the standard of rebellion on the Pacific. You will observe by my General Orders, Numbers 17, that I am gradually drawing the cords a little closer around treason.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Grigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 30, 1862.

Whereas, it having coem to the knowledge of the undersigned that there are certain persons, either holding office under the rebel government, or aiding and abetting the enemies of the United States, and that such person or persons are owners of real estate or personal property within the limits of this military departrment, it is hereby declared that all such estates or property are subject to confiscation for the use and benefit of the United States.

It is further declared that all sales of transfers of real estate or personal property, by any person holding office under the rebel government, or who may be aiding and assisting the enemies of the Union, whether made by them personally, or by their agents, shall be null and void.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

66 R R - VOL L, PT I

