HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 30, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

First Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding U. S. Troops, Fort Yuma, Cal.:

COLONEL: By the last steamer from the Gulf of California I received a copy of Sibley's letter to the Government of Sonora, with several others from Reily, the agent whom Sibley sent with his dispatches. I send you the Bulletin containing the whole correspondence. You will observe the aim of the rebel chief is to gain an entrance into Sonora under the pretext of pursuing hostile Indians, and finally to get the authority of the Governor to establish a depot at Guaymas. When the steamer sailed the reply of the Governor had not transpired, but it was generally understood that he had refused to enter into the arrangement proposed by Sibley. By the next steamer I propose to address Pesqueira myself, assuming, as a matter of course, that he has refused Sibley's request, and reminding him of the embarrassing position the government of Sonora would be placed in should the rebel forces be allowed admission within the State. As far as I can judge, from present knowledge of the position and movements of the rebels, I am under the impression that the movement on Sonora has been deferred. However, you will obtain more reliable information, and later than I have, but at all events, should the forces of Sibley invade Sonora, you will pursue them without regard to boundary lines. There are certain persons about Los Angeles professing to be strong Union men who have been writing letters attacking the loyalty of yourself and other officers of your command. One of these men, William P. Reynolds, is the author of the scurrilous attack published in the Call of the 27th; another letter was sent to the Bulletin by Paul R. Hunt, but not published. I do not know either of those men, but their attempt to throw suspicion on the loyalty of yourself and the gallant officers and soldiers of the southern army is infinitpen and avowed trason. I know you and the principal officers under your command, and I can only say that the confidence I have reposed in the loyalty and devotion to duty of yourself and those gentlemen is universally entertained by all true friends of our country on this coast. Wishing you very success,

I remain, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HDQRS. ADVANCE GUARD, CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,Pima Villages, April 30, 1862.

Lieutenant Ben. C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of Southern California:

I have the honor to report the arrival yesterday, with my command, four companies of infantry and two companies of cavalry, in twenty-one days from Camp Wright. The second company of cavalry I met at Kenyon's Station, en route to Grinnel's; it has returned here with me. I have sixteen days' rations on hand, and expect a train here in a few days with enough to last me until the 1st of June. The country provides wheat and hay for horses. In a few days I shall report more fully as to such supplies as I can depend on here. At present appearances are favorable to a good result in that way.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

