SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 53. Fort Yuma, Cal., May 1, 1862.

The commanding officer at Fort Yuma is hereby authorized to permit citizens of the United States or of Mexico, while following a lawful business, to pass and repass the Colorado River at Fort Yuma, either with goods or provisions, or with horses, mules, cattle, and teams. This he will do under such restictions as in his opinion the exigencies of the public service may from time to time require. All person who avail themselves of this indulence for the purpose of gaining information in order to give aid, intelligence, or comfort to the enemies of the United States shall be seized, held, and punished as spies and traitors.

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

MILITARY ROAD EXPEDITION,

Camp on Hell's Gate River,

Rocky Mountains, Wash. Ter., May 1, 1862.

Colonel A. CADY,

Seventh U. S. Infantry, Commanding District of Oregon:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the order directing the escort of my expedition to proceed to the Pacific as soon as the snows of the mountains would admit, and in reply would state that our last account from the mountains was that the snow was nine and one-half feet deep on the summit, and twelve feet on a prairie to its east, with no forage for animals. The snow is fast disappearing, and will probably enable the command to cross some time in June, when it will proceed to carry out the order as therein directed.

I am, sir, truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN MULLAN,

First Lieutenant, Second Artillery, Commanding Military Road Expedition.

Please have a copy of this sent to the headquarters of the department, and oblige,

Yours,

JOHN MULLAN,

U. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 2, 1862.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of February 8, with inclosures, I am directed to approve your action in regard to Colonel J. Steinberger, First Regiment Washington Territory Volunteers, taken for the organization of that regiment.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

