
your position as a Governor, and so much against your integrity as a man, that I should shrink from wounding your sensibility by such a question. I merely mention the rumor that has reached me to show to Your Excellency how much you have been maligned.

Wishing Your Excellency health and good fortune, and your people happiness and prosperity, I have the honor to be Your Excelelncy obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Vols. and Major Sixth U. S. Cav., Commanding

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 80. Fort Yuma, Cal., May 2, 1862.

In pursuance with instructions contained in Special Orders, Numbers 53, dated headquarters District of Southern California, Fort Yuma, May 1, 1862, citizens of the United States or of Mexico, while following a lawful business, will be permitted to pass and repass the Colorado River at Fort Yuma, either with goods or provisions, or with horses, mules, cattle, and teams. All persons who avail themselves of this indulgence for the purpose of gaining information in order to give aid, intelligence, or comfort to the enemies of the United States shall be seized, held, and punished as spies and traitors. All persons bringing provisions, goods, or cattle or traveling to and from any portion of Mexico, or Arizona and California into Arizona, or any portion of Mexico, will be required to report to the commanding officer of this post.

By order of Major Edwin A. Rigg:

FRANCIS S. MITCHELL,

First Lieutenant, First Infantry California Volunteers, Post Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Fort Yuma, Cal., May 2, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WEST,

Commanding Advance Guard, California Volunteers,

Pina Villages, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: About the time this letter reaches you Companies B and H, First Infantry Cavalry Volunteers, will have reported to you. Shirland's cavalry will be near Grinnel's, with Smith's company of infantry and Shinn's battery, supported by, say, three companies of infantry, and Cremony's cavalry will be en route to Antelope Peak or its vicinity, where they will remain for a few days to recruit the horses, while I am waiting for means of transportation now on the road hither from New San Pedro. It is well for you to know all this. The spades, seythes, tape line, pickax handles, some hospital supplies, tents, ammunition, manta, and subsistence stores left there this morning on McDonald's train to be delivered to you. I do not believe the Confederate troops who may be at Tucson are in any considerable force, nor do I believe, unless they are e without time to retreat, that they will make any stand at that place. It is possible, but not to my mind probable, that Captain Hunter still remains there. Of all these matters you are doubtless well informed by your scouts. As you are near Tucson and better informed than I can possibly be of the condition of affairs at that place, I authorize you to take it if you feel able to do so without

