
at that point. If the enemy is in force at Tucson then you are not to move against it until further orders, and not even now unless in your judgment the chances of success are nearly all in your favor.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE. - In case you move against Tucson, the Fifth Infantry, under your command, must have equal chances in the expedition with the First Infantry.

J. H. C.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 2, 1862.

Colonel FERRIS FORMAN,

Fourth Infty. California Vols., Commanding U. S. Troops,

En route for Southern Dist. of Cal., San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have received several deputations from the people living near Owen's Lake and River, and from those residing in the neighborhood of Lake Mono, representing their situation as critical, and asking that troops may be sent at once for their protection. I have not yet received any report from Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, but I learned unofficially that he was on his march back to Camp Latham. As soon as possible after your arrival in the southern district I wish a command of mounted troops dispatched for the Owen's Lake country to chastise those Indians and protect our people; the command to consist of the tow companies of the Second Cavalry, or, if you deem it necessary, send these companies with an ample supply of ammunition and provisions for sixty days. I think it probable that we shall have to maintain a command in that country until fall. Lieutenant Colonel G. S. Evans, Second Cavalry, will command the expedition. If you have not public transportation which can be spared for the transportation of the supplies for the command the deficiency can be supplied by hiring private wagons. Take measures to keep the command supplied with at least one month's provisions in advance as long as it remains in the field. I have full confidence in the energy and ability of Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, and I expect those Indian difficulties to be brought to a speedy termination, and such punishment inflicted on the guilty as will prevent another Indian outbreak in that quarter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, CAMP LATHAM, Numbers 34. May 2, 1862.

The undersigned hereby takes command of this camp.

GEO. S. EVANS,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Cavalry California Vols., Commanding Detachment.
HDQRS. U. S. MILITARY DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 3, 1862.

His Excellency Sr. Don IGNACIO PESQUEIRA,

Governor of the State of Sonora:

SIR: By the last steamer from the Gulf of California I received a copy of a communication addressed to Your Excellency, under date of

