
the 16th of December, 1861, by H. H. Sibley, the rebel chief in command of a body of insurgents in New Mexico, and although I did not receive a copy of Your Excellency's reply, yet I was much gratified by the assurances of my correspondent that Your Excellency had declined entering into any arrangements proposed by the rebel commander. Considering the friendly relations subsisting between the Government of the United States and that of the Republic of Mexico, as well as between the citizens of the contiguous States of Sonora and California, any other decision than that which Your Excellency has made would have been deeply regretted. I need not point out to Your Excellency the utter ruin and devastation which would inevitably befall the beautiful State of Sonora should the rebel forces obtain a foothold within its limits, as in that event it would be indispensably necessary that the frontier should be passed by the U. S. forces, and our enemies pursued, possibly, to the city of Guaymas. I beg Your Excellency to rest assured that under no circumstances will the Government of the United States permit the rebel horde to take refuge in Sonora. I have an army of 10,000 men ready to pass the frontier and protect your Government and people.

With the greatest respect, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department of the Pacific.

[MAY 3, 1862. - For Carleton to Canby, reporting operations, &amp;c., see p. 95.]

FORT YUMA, CAL., May 3, 1862.

MY DEAR WEST: By this express you will get authority to move with or send a part of your force to take Tucson, if that place has not been re-enforced so much as not to render such a momvenet on our side practicable at this moment. We can well afford to wait a few days until our troops and supplies are move to the front, so as to make the matter one in the ordinary course as we proceed eastward. It occurred to me that the Texans under Hunter knowing of our approach would soon leave for the Rio Grande. I do not believe that sibley can spare troops enough from the Rio Grande to make a respectable stand against us in Arizona, nor do I believe that he would come 300 miles away from his maganizens of fight us, when if he waits we will dobutless attempt to go to him; so, admitting that Hunter still lingers there to watch our movements and to count our force up to the last moment, then to go, I have thought it would be well to entrap him, if possible. This duty, if practicable, from intelligence in your possession, I leave with you. I have fancied that it would be aggreable to you to put up the Stars and Stripes in Arizona; but we can afford to wait until all is ready, in case the enemy is too strong for you. Keep the horses and mules fresh. When you are obliged to tie them to a line at night have the men cut hay even with knives and bring it in blankets to lay before the animals. After tucson is taken the valley of the San Pedro, doubtless of Fort Breckinridge, will be a good place for horses and mules to recruit. I wish you to report to me on the grazing facilities in the valley of the San Pedro after you have seen or learned from a reliable source all about it. One of these prisoners taken at the Picacho

