
informs me that if Barret had called upon them to surrender before he commenced firing upon them they would have done so. Employ Mr. Jones to go with the party that you may direct against Tucson. Some essential part of the machinery of White's mill was hidden by the Texans, so the mill could not be run. This one of the prisoners tells me. The belting is now en route from Los Angeles to this point. If you can have everything ready for it to run against this comes, we can soon have flour enough. Have some adobe ovens made. This is as easy way to make them: Make the hearth of your oven, say, three feet in height, and have it nicely leveled off with clay. When this is dry build upon it with wood, covered with hay, the form of the inside of the oven. Spread a layer of clay over this, let it dry, spread another layer of clay over the first, and so on until the required thickness is obtained. Then burn out the wood, and the oven is done. I send by an ambulance, which you can keep, Mr. Weaver and Sergeant Wheeling, of F Company, First Infantry California Volunteers. Get some animals, if necessary, from the Pimas, and have them escorted up the Salinas toward Zuni. when they are past danger from the Apaches the escort can return, and these men proceed to New Mexico to gain information. Wheeling should be disguised. If necessary you can add a couple of reliable men, citizens, if they can be got of the right stamp, to the party for New Mexico. Talk with Weaver on the point and agree upon the best plan. Canby, if he is still at liberty, can send an escort of his own cavalry back with Weaver. I wish you to fix this matter in the best possible manner, and so manage it that no one will know when the party gets off, except the party and yourself, or where it is to go but Weaver and yourself. He can have sealed instructions for the escort to return to be handed to the commander at the proper point. I send you a roll of papers. Pray distribute them among the commanread them.

Very truly, yours,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

CAMP LATHAM, SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

May 3, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE S. EVANS,

Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding Camp;

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of my trip to the Mojave:

In pursuance of the annexed instructions* I left Camp Drum on the 6th day of April, A. D. 1862, and arrived at Camp Cady on the 14th day of April, A. D. 1862, seeing and hearing of nothing unusual on the route, except at Lane's Crossing of the Mojave, where I was informed by Mr. Lane that a wagon loaded with powder had crossed there a few days previous, said to be going to Salt Lake. I remained at Camp Cady until the 24th of April, seeing and hearing of nothing unusual, and meeting no parties that I could suspect of treasonable intentions toward the Government. On the 24th I left Camp Cady for Camp Latham, and on arriving at Lane's Crossing, some seventy miles above Camp Cady, I was informed by Mr. Lane that during my absence at Camp Cady another wagon loaded with powder, said to be for Salt

---------------

*See Cutler to Pierce, April 5, p. 985.

---------------

