
years, is a military achievement creditable to the soldiers of the American Army; but it would not be just to attribute the success of this march to any ability on my part. That success was gained only by the high physical and moral enrgies of that peculiar class of officers and men who composed the Column from california. With any other troops I am sure I should have failed. I send you a set of colors which have been borne by this column. They were hoisted by Colonel West on Forts Vreckinridge and Buchanan, and over Tuscon, Ariz.,; by Colonel Eyer over Forts Thirn and Fillmore, and over Mesilla, N. Mex., and over Fort Bliss, in Texas. They were hoisted by Captain Cremory over Fort Quitman, and by Captain Shirland over Fort Davis, in Texas; and thus again have those places been consectrated to our beloved country.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.

[Inclosure B.] HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,

Miembres River, Ariz., August 6, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH R WEST,

First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Camp:

COLONEL: I have been credibly informed that there are some twenty families of men, women, and children at the Pino Alto mines, some forty miles from this camp, who are nearly perishing for want of food, the Indians having robbed them of what they had, and the secessionists having captured and appropriated to themselves a train of supplies which was on the way some time since to their relief. You will send Captain E. D. Shirland, First California Volunteer Cavalry, and Lieutenant D. C. Vestal, First California Inrfantry, with a sufficient escort of cavalry and infantry, to the Pino Alto mines with some provisions for these starving people. Send them 5 beeves, 600 pounds, more or less, of pemmican, 3,000 pounds of flour, and 1,500 pounds of panoche (Mexican sugar). These

provisions will be given to the most needy. If it be not practicable to distribute them all at once, they will be left in the hands of some responsible man for this purpose, proper receipts being taken therefor. I instruct Captain Shirland particularly on these points, and direct him and Lieutenant Vestal to make a joint report on the number and sufferings of the people at Pino Alto, and whether they are strong enough to protect themselves from further harm from the Indians.

I am, resepectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure C.] CAMP ON RIO MIEMBRES, ARIZ.,

August 10, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH R. WEST,

First California Volunteer Infantry:

COLONEL: Pursuant to instructions received on the 6th instant we left this place on that day for the Pino Alto mines, taking with us a quantity of provisions for distribution among the inhabitants of that

