
Lake, has passed. I was informed by the parties keeping the toll-gate at Cajon Pass that armed men in small parties had been passing through all the winter and spring.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

N. P. PIERCE,

Second Lieutenant Co. G., 2nd California Cav. Vols., Commanding Detachment.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 11. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 3, 1862.

I. Companies A and E (Smith's and Gibb's), Second Infantry California Volunteers, will be held in readiness at a moment's notice to embark for Fort Humboldt on the steamer by which the companies under the command of Colonel Steinberger will arrive at this post.

* * * * *

A. CADY,Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Infantry, Commanding District.

HDQRS. ADVANCE GUARD, CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,

Pina Villages, May 4, 1862.

Lieutenant B. C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of Southern California:

LIEUTENANT: I am as yet unable to report upon the supplies for troops available at this post will any degree of confidence. Mr. Ammi White, who was taken prisoner by the rebels, was the only person here conversant with the Indian resources. I have as yet only succeeded in eking out daily a supply of forage for the command. I can neither get any stock of forage in advance, nor have the Indians yet produced their flour in any but trifling quantities. I am, however, trading under every disadvantage. It is difficult to make this people understand the magnitude of our demands, and further, I have nothing but promises to offer them in payment. When the manta rrives I shall then understand whether they hold back their wheat and flour from fear of non-payment, or because they have but limited quantities on hand. The first of the new crop of wheat should begin to come in within a fort-night. Of hay I can get but a mere daily ration. I am negotiating, with what prospect of success it is impossible to tell, for a standing field of wheat, with the intention of feeding it and keeping the grain that comes in for future uses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 5, 1862.

WILLIAM L. BAKER, Edq.,

U. S. Consul, Guaymas, State of Sonora:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 8th ultimo, for which please accept my thanks. I sent a copy of your letter to Flag Officer Bell, and in reply he informs me

