
that he has ordered the Saint Mary's to Guaymas. You need be under no apprehension that the rebels will gain a foothold in Sonora. I have written to Governor Pesqueira on the subject, informing him that I have 10,000 men ready to pass the frontier and pursue our enemies should they enter the State of Sonra. Herewith inclosed is a communication for Governor Pesqueira, which I will thank you to forward to His Excellency. *

With great respect, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 5, 1862.

R. L. ROBERTSON, Esq.,

U. S. Consul, Mazatlan:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 18th ultimo, for which please accept my thanks. Flag Officer Bell informs me that he has sent orders for the Saint Mary's to proceed to Guaymas. The rebel chief (Sibley) has been roughly handled in New Mexico since the date of his letter to Goevrnor Pesqueira, and should be attempt to enter Sonora I have 10,000 men ready to pass the frontier and pursue him, even to Guaymas, if necessary. I have so written to the Governor of Sonora.

With great respect, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

UNION IRON WORKS, SAN FRANCISCO, May 5, 1862.

(Received 8. 30 a. m. 7th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

SIR: In the event of the Government deciding to build an iron-clad steamer, with ram or steel bow, permit me to say that I have every facility for building the same, together with engines and boilers. My foundry, machine-shop, blacksmith and boiler shops, and tools are equal to any in the Atlantic States, consisting of blooming furnace, Nesmith steam hammer for fording, a large lathe, the largest in California, and the same as the one in the Charlestown Navy-Yard; can forge and turn the largest shafts, punching and riveting machines of the largest sizes; also shoars. And I am now getting up a rolling-mill. I have on hand 300 tons of blooms made from wrought scrap, and have every variety of iron, and would, in the event of obtaining a contract, give any bond the Government would require for the entire completion of the ship and fulfillment of the contract to the satisfaction of the Government. I would respectfully refer to Senators Latham and McDougall, or any of the California delegation; to General Seawell, U. S. engineer, who superintended the building of the Saginaw at my works, or to any gentleman in Washington from California, for my ability to perform the work. Please telegraph me on receipt of this of it will be necessary for me to visit Washington.

I remain, your obedient servant,

PETER DONOHOE.

---------------

* See Wright to Pesquiera, May 3, p. 1047.

---------------

