HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 6, 1862.

Colonel J. STEINBERGER,

First Infantry Washington Territory Volunteers, Commanding District of Oregon:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to say that he desired Colonel Cornelius with six companies of Oregon cavalry, after concentrating in the Willamette Valley, prepare to cross the mountains to The Dalles as soon as the route is passable. Transportation (the allowance for the field) will be provided at The Dalles for his command to move to Walla Walla, where the headquarters of Colonel Cornelius will be stablished.

I am, respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. W. KIRKHAM,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 7, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Since my communications of the 30th ultimo, addressed to you, nothing of cpecial importance has occurred in this department. My latest advices from Fort Yuma are dated on the 21st of April. Colonel Carleton's advance was at the Pima Villages, and it is presumed that at this moment his entire command is moving into Arizona. I have received no further intelligence in relation to the design of the rebel chief, Sibley, to enter the State of Sonora. It is probable that he has abandoned to project, if, as is currently reported, his army is completely demoralized and on the retreat from new Mexico. However, should the rebel forces enter Sonora, I have ordered Colonel Carleton to pass the frontiers at once and pursue them. On the 3rd instant I addressed a communication to His Excellency Don Ignacio Pesqueira, Governor of the State of Sonora, a copy of which is herewith submitted. * I also inclose herewith my General Orders, Numbers 17, of the 23rd ultimo* and my proclamation of the 30th. * The latter was promulgated with the view of preventing as far as possible the tranfer of property by persons in arms against the United States or who are aiding and abetting the rebels. I have not at this moment power to enforce my decree, but my object was to hold it in terrorem until such time as legal proceedings could be had. Quiet prevails theroughout the country. Our Indian difficulties have made if necessary to send small commands to different points, but I doubt not we shall speedily restore peace between the white and red man.

Very respectfully, your obeient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, June 4, 1862.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War, especially in reference to the inclosed proclamation in regard to confiscation and prohibition to tranfer of property belonging to disloyal persons.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See pp. 1047, 1021, 1041, respectively.

---------------

