HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Fort Yuma, Cal., May 7, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel JOSEPH R. WEST,

Commanding Advance Guard, California Volunteers, Pima Villages, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: In case you should wish to move in Tucson, as authotized in my letter of the 2nd instant, but desire to leave a stronger force than you can well spare to guard the sub-depot at the Pima Villages while you are gone, this is to inform you that you are at liberty to order Smith's infantry or Shirland's cavalry or both to join you from Grinnel's. If the enemy should happen tgo have 600 men at Tucson, which I do not believe he has, and which of course you will know beyond a doubt before you leave your present position, you must wait until you have force enough to outman him if necessary, he being without doubt more or less protected by houses and barricades. Nothing will be lost delay in getting yourself well and strongly prepared. It is possible if he has that force that some fine morning he may enliven your own camp. I mistake you very much if he ever can surprise you. If re-enforcements are reaching Tucson from the Rio Grande I am very glad. The issue may as well be tried at Tuscon; besides, we shall be saved a march of 300 miles. Bear has just reached here with a herd of cattle. He has the contract for supplying us all with beef. The train, at the rate of twelve wagons a day, is coming in from the desert. I shall stay here a few days longer to send such supplies forward as I think may be necessary and then come on. All the companies of the Fifth, except one at San Diego and one at Camp Wright, will be here and in advance of this post. Colonel Bowie after his arrival will remain at Yuma for the present, when Rigg and all of the First will move forward. I hope you will get Weaver safely off. The pemmican is the stuff for that party. Weaver must be safely escorted through the Apaches. Let me suggest to you to have an advance guard and a strong support of infantry in the canons to be deployed as skirmished well in front of your force in moving to the San Pedro, should you go by that route. If the enemy is as enterprising as I think he is he will watch and guard that route. If he does not, and you once get on to the stage road between Tucson and the Rio Grande, I believe you will capture all who remain in Tucson. Send Expressman John Jones directly back. I shall feel anxious to know what is going on at the front. The percussion caps, belts, for the mill, &amp;c., leave here on a tran to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

OFFICE SUPERINTENDENT OF INDIAN AFFAIRS,

Portland, Oreg., May 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: My advices from the southern part of this State indicate very positively that a military force in that region not far fromJacksoncille is imperatively necessary. An unusual number of Indians, mostly Klamaths, are already hovering about the settlements, and a no inconsiderable number are in and around Jacksonville, where they persist in remaining, greatly to the annoyance of the citizens there. That

