
they meditate harm is evident from the fact that their boldness and impudence increases as the population ecomes weaker by the enlistment and withdrawal of the troops of Lieutenant-Colonel Maury's command from that part of the State, and the heavy migration to the new mines up the Columbia River. I have a sub-Indian agent in that district, but he is powerless without military aid. I think that two companies of cavalry are absolutely requisite for the protection of the citizens of that section, and that they should be placed on duty there as soon as possible. This communication I presume should be addressed to the commander of this military district, but as the steamer for San Francisco leaves here this evening, and believing that no time should be lost in laying this matter before you, I take the occasion to address you direct. I beg you to excuse this informality and give the subject immediate consideration.

I am, general, very respectfully, our obedient servant,

WM. H. RECTOR,

Superintendent Indian Affairs for Oregon.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 57. Fort Yuma, Cal., May 8, 1862.

I. First Lieutenant William A. Thompson, of Company E, First Infantry California Volunteers, will receive from Major Edwin A. Rigg, First Infantry California Volunteers, two 12-pounder mountain howitzers on prairie carrigaes, with fixtures and implements complete, so that the pieces will be ready for service at a moment's notice, and will receive an adequate supply of spherical case-shot, shell, and canister-shot fixed, to fill the boxes and limbers of these pieces, and also receive a good supply of friction tubes, metallic tubes, port fire, slow-match, extra fuses, &amp;c., to serve the howitzers. A detachment of men will then be placed under Lieutenant Thompson's command to proceed with these pieces to the Pima Villages, in New Mexico. This detachment will be composed of Corporal Russell, of Company F, First Infantry, and Corporal Carey, Company C, Fifth Infantry, and the following privates of the First Infantry California Volunteers, viz: Keho, Swan, Andrews, and Winchill, of Company A; Monihon, Jay, Hundertmark, and Magill, of Company F; O'Brien, Winnel, Pape, and Fleming, of Company G, and Webber, of Company D, and Baxter, of Company E. This detachment will be armed with muskets with thirty rounds of ammunition per man.

II. Lieutenant Thompson will be furnished by captain Moore, assistant quartermaster, with two four-mule teams for the howitzers and two good teamsters. He will provide himself and party with subsistence to include the 31st of May, 1862. He will proceed with Veck's train to the place if his destination and there report for duty to the commanding officer.

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,First Lieutenant, Furst Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

HDQRS. FOURTH INFANTRY CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,

Camp Latham, May 8, 1862.

Captain R. W. KIRKHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that immediately on my arrival at this post, in pursuance to instructions, I determined to dispatch

