
Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, Second California Cavalry, to Owen's River tocommand the troops to chastise the hostile Indians. You will judge of my surprise upon my arrival at Camp Latham to find the soldiers of his command were destitute of everything (nearly) pertaining to a soldier, excepting only commissary stores. Colonel Evans' command exhibits an aggregate of 204, of which number 114 are reported as duty men. To mount these men scarcely 100 horses are fit for service, a large number of the horses attached to the command having been previously condemned in First Cavalry and turned over to Second. To arm the command there are 114 pistols and only 2,000 pistol cartridges (navy revolvers). The Government has not a single team fit to be used in an expedition of this kind, but I have made arrangements to supply the same by private constract through my quartermaster, subject to be hereafter approved by the Quartermasater-General. Permit me to suggest that a mountain howitzer with the necessary ammunition should accompany the expedition, and that the deficiency in pistol cartridges should be immediately supplies, say 40,000, for neither of the above are to be found at Camp Latham or the depot at San Pedro - in fine, no ammunition of any kind is to be had this side of San Francisco or Benicia. Should my command be ordered forward at an early day 50,000 musket cartridges would not exceed our wants. I deemthe force able to be put in the field totally inadequate to the purpose intended, yet I will start so many as can be moved at an early day, believing that the general commanding will concur with me in the necessity of re-enforcing them. I shall send no infantry with the expedition unless so directed, believing that the settlers of the valley will with alacrity supply any deficiency in that perticular. In the artcile of pantaloons and shoes I have ordered Regimental Quartermaster Williamson to distribute to Second Cavalry any supplies he may have on hand, which will be probably sufficient for the present wants. In the estimate of men above, eighteen men and six non-commissioned officers are to be deducted, by order of Colonel Carleton, to be distributed along the linefrom camp Wright to Fort Yuma to act as vedettes. I think of nothing more at present to suggest in relation to the Owen's River expedition. I have spent a day in Los Angeles since my arrival at Camp Latham, and taken considerable pains to ascertain the state of things existing here, and should give it as my opinion that though the loyal sentiment is not in the ascendant, yet the disloyal sentiment is not to be dreaded. No man of sense here doubts the loyalty of Colonel Carleton, yet under him many contracts have been given to parties not friendly to the Government. Whether this could fairly have been avoided I have no means of judging. I fear the command of Colonel Evans has been greatly weakened to strengthen the command under the immediate supervision of Colonel Carleton. Military necessity doubtless required this, but the facts are as I have stated. Your communication of April 28 only justifies me in being thus prolix.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. FORMAN,

Fourth Infantry California Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Fort Yuma, Cal., May 10, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: By this express a requisition for clothing for the troops under my command to December 31, 1862, will be forwarded by Captain

