
place, represented to be in a starving condition. we arrived there on the 7th, and called upon the principal men of the place to assist us in ascertaining the names, ages, business, condition, number, &amp;c., of the inhabitants. We found about thirty Americans, Franch, Germans, &c., two of the Germans with families. All the rest were Mexicans. Most of them were extremely poor and destitute, there beingscarcely any ore at all in the mines. They had received some little assistance previous to our arrival, before which time they had been living on purslane and roots, and several had become insane from hunger.

* * * * *

Number of families in the mines, two - Mr. Schneider's and Mr. Holtz's; number of Mexican families living in the mines, about thirty, all extremely poor. All the people seemed to be loyally inclined, although several of them had belonged to the Arizona Rangers, a company formed for the purpose of fighting the Indians in the Territory. The Indians were represented as being extremely hostile and in the habit of committing depredations upon the settlers whenever they and in the habit of committing depredations upon the settlers whenever they had anything to steal. At the time of our visit there were no Indians in the neighborhood, but every one thought that as soon as trains with supplies commenced their trips the Indians would begin to commit depredations. All were extremely anxious to have the Government extend to them sufficient protection and station at least one company in their neighborhood.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. SHIRLAND,

Captain, First California Volunteer Cavalry.

[Inclosure D.] HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, CAMP ON THE RIO GRANDE, ARIZ. TER., Three and a half Mile above Fort Thorn, August 8, 1862.

Brigadier General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Department of New Mexico, santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: Before arriving at Cooke's Wells I learned that there was not any water to speak of between that point and El Picacho, on the Rio Grande, fifty-five miles from Cooke's Wells and six miles above Mesilla. The Rio Grande had divided in the great flood and broken across the country so as to leave the town of Mesilla on an island difficult of access from the west, and that the facilities for grazing in the neighborhood of Mesilla were bad. This information decided me to strike the Rio Grande at or near Fort Thorn, a distance of not less than thirty-five miles nor more than forty from Cooke's Wells, but destitute of water the whole way. I arrived here last evening with two companies of cavalry and one if infantry, having left Cooke's Wells at 8 a. m. The other detachments - West's, gWillis', and Rigg's, a day apart - will reach this point, commencing with West's, to-morrow evening. I leave to-day for the San Diego Crossing, at the foot of the Jordana, and I shall pass the Rio Grande at that point. I have this day written to Colonel Howe that of they have not already left Fort Craig to go up the river. The Colorado Volunteers can leave at once, agreeably with your Special Orders, Numbers 128, current series. I inlosefor your information a copy of a note to Colonel West, First California Volunter Infantry, in relation to sending some provisions to some destitute men, women, and children at the Pino Alto mines. If I have authority to occupy posts in the northwestern portion of Texas, i. e., Forts Bliss and Quitman, will you permit me to have my headquarters,

