
Moore, assistant quartermaster. I beg to impress upon the mind of the general that some other person than the one who made the last purchase of clothing for these troops should, in my opinion, be selected to make the next purchase. You know from actual inspection here how wretchedly poor the quality of this clothing is. The shoes should be sewed, and of the first class. The hot sands of the desert shrink the pegs of the pegged shoes, and they come to pieces. It is indispensably necessary that this clothing, or half of it at least, should be forwarded without delay. I will send wagons to New San Pedro for it, and count on its being at that point by the steamer which will leave San Francisco on the 3rd proximo. By this express I also cause to be sent a requisition for Indian goods. You see by the inclosed letters from Lieutenant-Colonel West how important it is that we have these goods. * They are better than money for trade to the Indians, and they are a great saving to the Government. I will expect to received them by the train which goes for the clothing.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Fort Yuma, Cal., May 10, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistat Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I inclose herewith certified copies of letters just received from Lieutenant-Colonel West, dated respectively May 4, May 5, and May 6, 1862. By these you will see how matters are progressing at the Pima Villages. In a private letter to myself Colonel West says: "You will recollect your request for 5,000 pounds of Indian presents, which was declined. If it is not too late to get the same goods now as property they would be of great service. Placed in charge of the depot party here I believe they would work wonders. " If the general will have those goods forwarded even now they will be a great saving of money in the purchse of grain and flour at the sub depot for the use of the troops stationed there, for the use of trans coming with supplies, and to be forwarded if necessary there goods can be receipted for and expended as money. It is doubtful if any troops are coming from the Rio Grande to make a stand against us in Arizona. I am forwarding supplies as fast as possible to the sub-depot, and when I have got enough in front to justify it I shall without delay make still another stride onward. It is said the rainy season in Arizona commences about the 24th of June. Until then it is impossible to cross a large command, so I hearm, from Tucson to the Rio Grande, a distance of 300 miles. It will not do, for obvious reasons, to arrive on that river by small detachments. The general may rely upon it that all justifiable risks will be taken. I hear that nine Americans have just been murdered at Lally's mine in Arizona. I hope to be clothed with powers to regulate all matters in that Territory. Of course I shall take upon myself all necessary responsibility to give order and safety of life and property in thet chaotic country. I am having the road up the Gila to Fort Breckinridge reconnoitered, and shall soon occupy that post. You may know that before the rebellion, Fort Breckinridge was to be a six-company post. It was commenced at a site near the junction of the Aravaypa and San

---------------

* See West to Cutler, May 4, 5, and 6, pp. 1050, 1052, 1054.

---------------

