
Pedro, the best point for a post in Arizona. The adobe walls of many buildings were made, and some were roofed over. These may be in good preservation. I would recommend that this fort, with a change of name, be reoccupied. The grazing in the valley of the San Pedro, the year round, is reported as being very fine. Aside from its being one of the posts on the chain of communication from California to the Rio Grande, it is a fine place for weak and broken-down animals to recruit.

I am, major, very respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 8. Fort Yuma, Cal., May 10, 1862.

The post just established by Lieutenant Colonel Joseph R. West First Infantry California Volunteers, at the Pima Villages, Ariz. Ter., is hereby designated as Fort Barrett, in honor of the memory of Lieutenant James Barrett, of Company A, First Cavalry California Volunteers, who fell in defense of his colors near that point on the 15th of April, 1862. The names of privates Johnson, of Company A, and Denerd, of Company D, First Cavalry, who fell by his side, will until the end of the war be called at every stated roll-call of their respective compnaies, and a comrade shall always respond, "He died for his country!"

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. ADVANCE GUARD, CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,Pima Villages, May 10, 1862.

Lieutenant CHAUNCEY R. WELLMAN,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Pima Villages:

With forty men of Company A, First Cavalry California Volunteers, provided with fifty rounds carbine ammunition and twenty rounds pistol, also with sixteen days' rations, you will escort a man named Weaver and his companion for eight or nine days at most through an Apache country by such road as he may designated. At the expiration of the time, or as much sooner as Weaver may deem it judicious to dispense with your escort, you will return with all possible expedition to this post consistent with maintaining your animals in fair condition. Onserve the country well through which you tavel, the general direction of your route, and the water and grazing upon the same. Report to the commanding officer of this post upon your return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry california Volunteers, Commanding

FORT TER-WAW, CAL., May 10, 1862.

Colonel FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Second Infty. California Vols., Commanding Humboldt District:

COLONEL: I have the honor to communicate some facts in relation to the present situations of this post and my command. In obedience to

