
many more on Smith River, of the Indians and others [at] Humboldt. and with no assistance at hand they are liable at any moment to be sacrificed. Furthermore, the Hoopas are coming down the river daily in scored to fish and trade on the coast. From reliable information I learn that the Indians in this vicinity are said to have some 400 stand of arms which they keep concealed (supposed to be some of the arms floated away from the frot during the floods of last winter), and that persons from Humboldt Bay have been selling them ammunition. They look with great care after bullets that have been fired away in target practice cut them out, and save them, The Indian agent has abandoned this reservation, which is across the river from the fort. I learn that since his abandonment they have dug up quantities of leasd pipe and took it away, with all the old iron they could find. Upon my arrival at this post I found the quartermaster's and commissary departments without money and a small amount of provisions, quartermaster's stores, but by paying Indians in clothes, &amp;c., at the sutler's store, giving him vouchers on Government, we could get them to work transporting Government stores, but now they will not do anything except for cash, which we have not got. They even threaten that the Hoopas and others up the river will come down and clean white men out from their fishing grounds, saying, "Indians all fight against white men. " I would suggest that, if it be necessary, twenty of this command be stationed at Elk Camp. It appears that their subsistence can be furnished from Humboldt for about one-third the expense it can from Crescent City via Fort Ter-Waw. When I visit Elk Camp, however. I will report what I know from observation, and let hearsays go.

I am, respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WM. W. STUART,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 10, 1862.

Colonel T. R. CORNELIUS,

First Oregon Cavalry, Portland, Oreg.:

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions from the headquarters Department of the Pacific, you will take prompt measures to organize the men already enlisted in your regiment into six companies in accordance with existing regulations and orders from the Adjutant-General's Office for the cavalry volunteer service. The headquarters of your regiment will be at Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., and you will hold yourself in readiness to move to that post with such companies as have completed their organization. Companies not yet mustered into service with the minimum standard of seventy-six enlisted men will be so merged and consolidated as to comply with the formation in the agreegate of six companies to the required standard, and upon notification to these headquarers an officer of the Army will be assigned to muster them into service and complete company organization. It is required that early and frequent information be furnished these headquarters as to the movement of the troops under your command, specifying the strength of the companies, their officers, and where posted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.

