HDQRS. ADVANCE GUARD, CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,Pima Villages, May 11, 1862.

Lieutenant BENJAMIN C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist of Southern California, Fort Yuma:

I have the honor to report that the scout, Weaver, accompanied by Sergeant Wheeling, Copany F, First Infantry California Volunteers, left this post this morning under the escort of Lieutenant Wellman and forty men of the First Cavalry CaliforniaVolunteers. This was the number of men required by Weaver, and upon inquiry I decided to send them. Lieutenant Wellman's orders are to escort Weaver through the Apache country by such road as he may dedignate, for eight or nine days at most. At the expiratio of that time, or as much sooner as Weaver may dispence with the escort, Lieutenant-Wellman is to return to this post. The escort took sixteen days' subsistence, pemmican and panole chiefly, on pack-mules. Weaver and his companion were well equipped.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Fort Yuma, Cal., May 11, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE S. EVANS,

Second Cavalry California Volunteers:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your report* of your recent scout to the valley of Owen's Lake, and regret to learn that you found the Indians on the neighborhood in a state of hostility toward the whites. The general commanding the department, to whom I understand you forwarded a duplicate of your report, will doubtless give such orders in the case as in his opinion may be necessary to restore quiet to that part of the country. I take pleasure in assuring you that your operations were conducted with judgment, dicretion, and gallantry, and in bearing testimony to the cheerfulness and courage of your men under great hardships, exposure, and peril.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. ADVANCE GUARD, CALIFORNIA, VOLUNTEERS,Pima Villages, May 11, 1862.

Sir Don MANUEL GUADARA,

Cubabi:

ESTEEMEN FRIEND: I have your letter from Cubabi of the 8th instant. Do what you can to gather corn, flour, cattle, or any supplies needed by troops at Tucson. There will soon be a force there to consume them, and fair prices will be paid for them. I beg you will keep me advised of your success, and also of the movements of my enemies.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

---------------

* See p. 46.

---------------

