
movement. As a matter of pressing importance for the prompt organization and movement of this regiment, I have respectfully to refer to the commanding general its urgent need of clothing and camp and garrison equipage. The commanding officer of the district who preceded me has directed in some instances the issue of subsistence by the depot commissary at this post to companies and detachments of companies of this regiment on account of their pressing necessities. The same plan will be pursued when practicable and actually necessary upon requisitions approved by the colonel commanding until the consolidation and organization of the regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 12, 1862.

Colonel JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

COLONEL: The general commanding has directed one company of Colonel Cornelius' regiment of Oregon mounted volunteers left at Jacksonville. Oreg. Lieutenant-Colonel Maury has been telegraphed to that effect.

I am, respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. W. KIRKHAM,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 12, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. F. MAURY,

Oregon Volunteer Cavalry, Jacksonville, Oreg.:

One company of the Oregon regiment will be left at Jacksonville.

By order:

R. W. KIRKHAM,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 12, 1862.

W. H. RECTOR, Esq.,

Supt. of Indian Afairs in State of Oregon, Portland, Oreg.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two communications of the 7th instant. The Indian chief John and son will be sent to you by the first opportunity. I have given orders for one company of Oregon cavalry to remain at Jacksonville. I have had several appeals made to me by the citizens of Jacksonville to leave a command there, but I declined to do so, as I was anxious to send Colonel Cornelius with his entire command to the eastern frontier of the State. I assured the people of Jacksonville that should any danger threaten them I would promptly send troops there. I do not believe there is any real danger from Indians at Jacksonville, yet, as there have been so many men withdrawn from that section of the country, I deem it

