
proper to leave a colmpany of cavalry there to give a feeling of securing to the women and children, whose natural protectors are saving their country.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 13, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have just heard from Major Drum. He was at Fort Yuma on the last day of April; had completed his inspection, and would leave the same day on his return to these headquarters, inspecting the troops near Los Angeles and San Pedro on his way. Colonel Carleton was at Fort Yuma, pushing his troops forward into Arizona. The major, after inspecting the troops, says: "The troops are all in fine spirits, and anxious for the movement eastward; " and further, "It has fallen to the lot of few men to take into the field so well instructed a body of volunteer troops as compose Carleton's command. " With such men and officers, I look for a speedy re-establishment of our authority over Arizona and New Mexico. In Arizona it will be necessary to hold the country under a military governor until such time as the civil authorities can be reorganized. To-day I received a telegraphic dispatch from Governor Nye, at Carson City, Nev. Ter. The Indian disturbances at Honey Lake and the region of country have been quelled, and everything is quiet. Colonel Steinberger, First Infantry Washington Territory Volunteers, has reached Fort Vancouver with four full companies of his regiment, and assumed command of the District of Oregon. Colonel Lippitt, Second Infantry California Volunteers, commanding the District of Humboldt, is at work energetically, bringing those Indians under subjection. The country is a difficult one to operate in, and it will take time to collect all those Indians and place them on reservations. A lathe assemblage of Indians at the Owen's Lake country, some 300 miles southeast from here, rendered it necessary to send a force of three companies of cavalry from Los Angeles to protect our people and their property and chastise the Indians. The country generally is quiet and prosperous. The sympathizers with the rebels are careful to keep within the pale of the law. The season is more than a month later than usual. The snow on the Sierra Nevada Mountains is very deep, and certainly not before the middle of June will it be possible for Colonel Connor, with his troops and supplies, to cross over toward Salt Lake.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Fort Yuma, Cal., May 13, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: Please inform me without delay if by any treaty or convention any arrangement has ever been made, which is now in force, by

