
which the U. S. military forces have a right to pass through any portion of the Republic of Mexico. If such an arrangement has been made, I beg you will forward to me be express and official copu of it. I have been endeavoring to accumulate supplies at Fort Barrett. To this end every wagon has been at once employed as soon as it reached here from the desert. I could not afford to have but force enough there to make all safe until this was done, as theremainder could be subsisted herecheaper in point of time and labor of trains than there. What may have appeared as a delay is really the gaining of time. I have received the generals kind and considerate letter in relation to the effort which has been made by some persons in Los Angeles to cast a suspicion on my loyalty and my integrit. So the general pays no heed to this I think I can well afford to be abused. If such men as these who have abused me had complimented me, I should at once have cast about to see wherein I had done some rascally act.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. ADVANCE GUARD, CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,Pima Villages, Fort Barrett, May 13, 1862.

Lieutenant BENJAMIN C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist, of Southern California, Fort Yuma:

I wish to state officially my reasons for advancing upon Tucson in accordance with permission granted by the colonel commanding the district in official and private letter. It is my opinion that Tucson is the most available point for introducing supplies from Sonora; that none such can be looked for to be taken there until an authorized agent of the United States shall present himself with a sufficient force to protect them; that the infantry of my command will consume no more of our own supplies there than here, and that pasturage for cavalry can be found in that vicinity; that all information about the enemy disclosed no risk to the command with which I move, nor to -depot at this post under the protection of the troops that will be left here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding
HDQRS. ADVANCE GUARD CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,Fort Barrett, Pima Villages, May 13, 1862.

Lieutenant BEN. C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Southern California, Fort Yuma:

LIEUTENANT: The Apaches made a foray in this vicinity this morning and killed three Pimas. Captain Pishon's Cavalry is looking after them, but I have little hopes of their coming up with them. The Pimas and Maricopas complain bitterly that the Apaches have fire-arms and that they can get none. If the colonel commanding can procure some arms for issue to them it would be of much benefit to us in our negotiations about supplies. The manta, calico, flannel, and drills arrived yesterday. About 30,000 pounds wheat ave been taken in since, and nearly all outstanding credits redeemed. Yet there is no guarantee how long the flow of grain will continue, as there are no means of ascertaining how much they have in reserve. But when the

