
new harvest ripens and abundance can be procured, say 400,000 pounds. Blue drills, blue and orange prints, red flannel, indigo blue drills, paints, beads, and tobacco, if furnished in the required quantity, will do all that is necessary for the supply of grain. Cattle are very scarce. I have only been able to procure six. The majority of the stock is poor, and they will not sell their work cattle. The condition of the flour mill here, and the little probability of being able to transport that at Tucson to this point to any great advantage, induces the suggestion to have a small mill sent for from San Francisco at once. A millwright to put it up could also, with such material as is to be found here, soon erect a horsepower. A shaft, large drum, and belts (leather) from San Drancisco are all that would be required.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

CARSON CITY, May 13, 1862 - 12. 10 p. m.

Brigadier-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Pacific Coast:

I understand the troops en route for this place are destined for Honey Lake. I have direct information from there that all is quiet. A fight there now will involve an Indian war throughout this Territory. Our Indians are all quiet, and I can keep them so if allowed to accompany the troops with presents. Strange troops among them unaccompanied by an agent of their department will, I fear, produce difficulty. Answer.

JAMES W. NYE.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Fort Yuma, Cal., May 14, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: If it shall prove that Pesqueira has made any bargains with an agent of the Confederate States to join the Southern Confederacy with the State of Sonora, I respectfully submit if it would not be a kind act to Mexico, now that she is embarrassed by her complications with the allied powers of Europe, to seize Sonora and hold it in good faith in trust for our neighbor, to be given up whenever the Central Government of Mexico claims it. Ethically we have the right, and I doubt very much if it is not our duty to do this.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

CARSON CITY, NEV. TER., May 14, 1862.

Captain R. W. KIRKHAM,

Asst. Quartermaster and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, San Francisco:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I arrived in Carson City this day at 12 m. The command is in excellent condition. I have made the following marches since the 12th instant: From Strawberry

