
Valley to Billy Mac's, 17 miles; from Billy Mac's to Van Syckle's, 15 miles; from Van Syckle's to Carson City, 15 miles; [total], 47 [miles]. Upon my arrival at this place I found, much to my disappointment, that neither wagons, forage nor provisions were in waiting for me. It appears that there is a misunderstanding on the part of the commanding officer at Fort Churchill as to the movements of my command. He expected me to pass Fort Churchill and take my supplies from that place, and with this understanding on his part he sent me one day's rations to this place. Upon learning these facts I immediately started an express to Fort Churchill. requesting the commanding officer at that post to forward my supplies as speedily as possible to this place. I am credibly informed that the Government has no six-mule teams, nor any other kind of teams for me in this vicinity. I will go to Fort Churchill to-morrow. I would be much pleased if the general commanding the department would give me permission to take one of the small howitzers at Fort Churchill with my command. From the little knowledge I have of Indian warfare I think good service could be done with one of them, if occasion required. In the event of not being able to obtain teams at this place I will be compelled to engaged a pack train and crowd through to Susanville in three days (110 miles), and rely upon the generosity of Lieutenant-Colonel Babbitt to confirm my action. The general commanding instructed me to confer with Governor Nye and other leading citizens upon my arrival in the Territory. In obedience to these instructions I waited upon the Governor, and soon discovered that there were two parties in the Territory, to wit, the war party and the peace party. Governor Nye has urged upon me, and informs me that he has telegraphed the same in substance to the general, that the Indians are all peaceable, and will so remain of he is allowed to direct the business. If an attack is made upon any portion of them the entire Territory will be plunged into an Indian war, which will cause a great loss of life and property without securing any good result. He is very anxious to have me to go Pyramid Lake, he going with me, and there he will try to effect a meeting with the leading Indians, and by giving them presents, &amp;c., secure a peace which will be permanent. He sets forth another fact which my own experience confirms, to wit, that the stealing time for the Indians is about gone by for this season. It is rarely tat they disturb property in the summer when roots and berries are plentiful. Governor Bye also informed me that he had offered to muster into service a number of citizens of Honey Lake Valley and arms them, provided they would hold themselves subject to his orders. This they refused to do, desiring to have the arms and be allowed to fight upon their own responsibility, when and where they pleased. On the other hand it is urged by Mr. Isaac Roop and others [that the Indians] are very bad in that section of the Territory (Honey Lake Valley); that troops should be in that vicinity to protect the emigration, &c. If I may be permitted to make the remark here, I will say that the idea of having troops to protect the Humboldt route for the emigration this season will naturally cause the emigrants to travel that route, thereby greatly benefiting the town of Susanville and Honey Lake Valley. Unless all other routes inlifornia are protected by troops I infer that this portion of their argument falls to the ground. Such is in substance the results of my first interview with Governor Nye, and of conversations with Mr. Roop and others. I will be able to fully understand the whole affair upon my arrival at Susanville. I have in a former communication referred to the admirable manner in which Mr. Wyse, quartermaster's

