
agent, has discharged the duties devolving upon him in connection with the command, and I cannot refrain from again, at the close of my official intercourse with him, expressing my entire satisfaction with his conduct of business. His knowledge of the road, suitable camping grounds, and economy in the transaction of business have been of much value to me. I will communicate again with the department before leaving this place.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. F. PRICE,

Captain, Commanding Company M, Second California Vol. Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 14, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Since my communication of the 12th instant I have ascertained that there is at the quartermaster's depot at this cavalry clothing enough for the partial equipment of two companies. To expedite as far as possible the movement of these troops, I have directed the company of Oregon cavalry now at Salem, under Captain Harding, and the detachment of fifty-eight men under Captain Currey, to move to this post. The latter fraction of a company will be merged with a portion of the detachment under Captain Kelly, now here, and the organization of Captain Currey's company completed. I propose to have these two companies inspected and mustered into service immediately, and with the clothing referred to, equipped as far as possible. At the earliest practicable moment Colonel Cornelius with his surgeon, regimental adjutant, and quartermaster and these two companies will be sent to Fort Walla Walla. From the best information I can get it will be impossible for troops to cross the Cascade Mountains before the middle of July, and to wait until that time to move Colonel Cornelius' command would prevent their becoming available at the moment when they will be most needed. I am the more immediately urged to prepare the two companies of this regiment, for early departure to Fort Walla Walla from the reports, official and otherwise, of the complete disorganization of the troops now there and the extreme jeopardy of public property. Captain Dent, who carried this, will report to you the urgent necessity of some prompt measures to correst abuses of vital interest to the public service at that post. The acting assistant quartermaster is inefficient and incapable of the important trust involved, and the report is reliable and direct that the medical officer is incapacitated from habitual drunkenness. I do not, to be sure, look for much valuable addition to the military strength of the post for the present from these two advance companies of the Oregon cavalry, for they will undoubtedly be very raw troops; but I have much confidence in the rectitude of purpose and intergity of Colonel Cornelius, and in the capability and character of Surgeon Watkins. The regimental quartermaster, who will also be ordered to Fort Walla Walla with the colonel and his command, bears the character of an active and efficient officer, thoroughly acquainted with his duties. Another eration prompts this early movement. I only know from rumors, 'tis true, but frequently and reliable accounts represent the expensive and extravagant support of Harding's and Currey's companies where they

68 R R - VOL L, PT I

