
now are. At present I have no control over them, and cannot direct their economy. As soonas they are here they will be placed under proper restraints and must submit to the usages of service. Besides, it is of much importance that these troops are properly posted and the effort made to discipline and drill them. The indications now are that they will be needed, and unless prompt measures are taken to get them east of the Cascade Mountains they will be useless for any active operations this number. I cannot wait for Colonel Cornelius to put his whole command into position at one camp near Oregon City as he proposes, and then organize the whole body together by taking from one company and adding to another, consulting his captains and deferring to their interests and wishes. This will be done for him. If his returns are correct there will be no difficulty. He has enough enlisted men for six companies, and after he has marched toward Fort Walla Walla to accomplish, as I hope, a pressing demand of the public interest, his field officers under directions can organize the balance of his regiment. I trust that the commanding general will approve my action in direction the issue of such articles of cavalry equipment now here as will be reqired for the two companies referred to.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STENIBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 15, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C. ;

GENERAL: I have nothing of importance to report since my letter of the 13th instant. At the earnest request of the superintendent of Indian affairs for Oregon, cavalry in the Rogue River Valley, near Jacksonville, to afford protection against Indian depredations in that quarter. The remaining three companies, enrolled in Southern Oregon, will move as soon as practicable, under command of Lieutenant Colonel R. F. Maury, Oregon cavalry, to the valley of the Columbia, where, uniting with the two companies now there, the whole under Colonel Cornelius will move eastward to Fort Walla Walla, with a view to carry out the plan of operations for the summer as already indicated in my communication to you. My latest reports from the remote posts of Colville and Walla Walla, as well as from the mining districts, represent the Indians as peaceable and quiet. At the special request of Mr. Victor Smith, the U. S. collector at Port Townsend, Wash. Ter., I have authotized him to take possession of the buildings at Fort Townsend for a marine hospital, until such time as they may be required for military purposes. I have done this without any special authority from the War Department, assuming that it would be approved, as the garrison buildings will be better taken care of by an officer of the Government, and much expense saved to the Treasury Department, by using them for a marine hospital. The mail leaves here by steamer for New York four times a month and my distapches will be habitually made up to the steamer day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

