
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 9. Fort Yuma, Cal., May 15, 1862.

I. By direction of the general commanding the Department of the Pacific the undersigned hereby relinquishes the command of this district to Colonel George W. Bowie, of the Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, whose headquarters for the present will be at this post.

II. Lieutenant Richard S. Barrett, First Infantry California Volunteers, will until further orders remain on duty at Fort Yuma as depot quartermaster and depot commissary of subsistence. He will make timely requisitions for all the supplies which may be needed for the troops from California which are to operate in Arizona and New Mexico until such times as he may be otherwise directed.

III. The system of vedettes established by vitue of Special Orders Numbers 49, current series, will be continued in operation under the superintendence of Second Lieutenant James P. Bennett, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, who will proceed without delay to Camp Latham, Cal., and receive from Captain Morris, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, all the Government property on the route, for which that officer was responsible as superintendent of the vedettes before his promotion from the Second Cavalry California Volunteers to his present position in the Army. Captain Morris will impart to Lieutenant Bennett in writing all the details in relation to the vedetted and how they are to be supplies, &amp;c., which have been agreed upon between himself and the district commanders.

IV. The mail matter, especially the letter mail from Los Angeles, for all the troops from California now operating in the field, or stationed at posts east of that city, whether in California, Arizona, New Mexico, or Texas, will be made up by the depot quartermaster at New San Pedro and forwarded to their destination every Tuesday by a vedette.

V. An account of the supplies at each station on the route, including Camp Wright, will be forwarded to the district commander of Southern California, at Fort Yuma, Cal., twice a month.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Coloneia Volunteers, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, Numbers 1. Fort Yuma, Cal., May 15, 1862.

The forces belonging to the United which are now moving from the Department of the Pacific toward Arizona and New Mexico will hereafter be known as the Column from California. The following are announced as staff officers attached to these headquarters, viz: First Lieutenant Benjamin C. Cutler, adjutant First Infantry California Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Tredwell Moore, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, chief quartermaster; Surg. James M. McNulty, First Infantry California Volunteers, medical director; First Lieutenant Lafeyette Hammond, regimental quartermaster First Infantry California Volunteers, chief commissary.

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

