
the majors of the regiment remain at Jacksonville in command. When the regiment shall be concetrated on the Willamette I wish it moved at as early a day as practicable to Fort Walla Walla. It will save much expense if the march can be made entirely by land, but should it be found impracticable to cross the mountains to The Dalles by the 20th of June you can send them up the water. From the Dalles to Fort Walla Walla it is an eight days' march. With field baggage only it will require but a few wagons. The heavy supplies can be sent up by water. Ascertain the best disposition to be made of the cavalry during the summer to preserve peace between the Indians and our people in the mining districts, bearing in mind that at the proper time a suitable force must be advanced on the road to give protection to the emigrants as they approach. As soon as the companies of your regiment are prepared for service I wish the three companies of the Second Infantry California Volunteer relieve and sent to Fort Humboldt to relieve the three companies of the Third Infantry California Volunteers, under orders for the protection of the Overland Mail Route.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

ACAPULCO, May 17, 1862. (Via San Francisco, May 29.)

Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President:

France will take and keep Acapulco and Western Mexico. Present them.

WM. PICKERING,

Governor of Washington Territory.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 1. Fort Yuma, May 17, 1862.

I. In the pursuance of orders from the headquarters of the department of the Pacific, the undersigned hereby assumes command of this district.

II. The following is announced as staff attached to these headquarters, viz: First Lieutenant James A. Zabriskie, adjutant Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general.

G. W. BOWIE,

Colonel Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Gila City, N. Mex., May 17, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor herewith to inclose the last advices from Lieutenant-Colonel West. * I shall occupy Forts Breckinridge and Buchanan and Tucson this month, and after gathering in what forage I can, and afte setting the tires of our wagons and making other

---------------

* See West to Cutler, May 13, p. 1070.

---------------

