
essential repairs, we shall move on to the Rio Grande. The kind of Indian goods in the way of manta, &amp;c., and the small mill recommended to be purchased and sent to the Pima Villages, I trust will be gotten at once. The mill will be of importance to the Government at that point, in all our operations, even after this rebellion is crushed out. Captain Kirkham can tell exactly what kind of a mill would be best, with bolting cloths, &c. The mills, if possible, should be sent from San Pedro to save time.

I am, major, respectfully, our obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

COTTONWOOD SPRING, May 17, 1862.

[Lieutenant-Colonel EYRE:]

DEAR COLONEL: I have your note of yesterday. The two letters of Gaudara relate principally to the serious illeness of one of his sons, for whom he is much alarmed. He is cary of other information, probably distrusting his messengers. You did right to open them. Pray do so with others that can by any possiblity be official. So Hunter staid at Tucson until the 14th. When Carpenter was over there Hunter was playing bopeep in the neighborhood. I suspect that he is doing so yet. If he flickers around the candle a little longer he will get his wings singed. I understand that Lennan, from Tucson, is looking for me, having, he says, something important to communicate. I hope that he will come up to-night. The Ojo Verde Spring I did not go to. It is there, four miles off the road, described as somewhat like Palm Springs, both as to quality and quantity of water, with some grazing. It is no easy matter for a stranger to find it. The descent int he notes you have leads to a basin of some thirty acres area, midway of the north side of which a trail makes out to the Ojo Verde. As it was four miles out and back, I preferred coming on here, which I did last night. Wagons can run easy to Dry Camp (the above basin), but the road from there this way runs up to a sandy arroyo for six miles, where the pulling is heavier than from Vallecito to Palm Springs; then it is nine miles more uphill to this place, and no favorable prospect ahead. At present I think that Oneida Station and the Blue Water should be cleaned out. From the latter to Point of Mountains are forty-three miles; fine road. By this road one may have to dodge Ojo Verde, and is sure to encounter fifteen miles of very severe traveling for both men and animals, besides for six miles this side of Dry Camp an enemy could annihilate a train and have a column at great disadvantage. I do not expect to find a turnpike from here through the Canada del Oro. This is a good spot to camp, and easy to reach as described. There is plenty of bunch grass on the hills and an abundance of very fine water; 300 animals and, say, 500 men could be supplies. I mention all these matters because we should all becomes as intimate as possible with the topography of the country. The distances are from Fort Barrett: To Sacaton Station, 11. 39 miles; to White's ranch, 15. 42 miles; to Dry Camp, 20. 21 miles; to Cottonwood Spring, 15. 30 miles; total, 60. 32 miles. We are laying be here all day. I shall push on in the morning. I expect to have to go within six miles of Breckinridge, and to reach my destination on Tuesday.

Regards to all and to yourself.

[J. R.] WEST.

