HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 17, 1862.

Major HENRY HANCOCK,

Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Camp Union, Sacramento, Cal.:

MAJOR: In the course of next week break up your camp and move your command by water to Benecia Barracks and report to Colonel Connor. All the lumber belonging to the Government, whether in temporary buildings, sheds, storehouses, tent floors, or otherwise, will be disposed of at auction, and the proceeds accounted for by the acting quartermaster. All other public property of ever description bring with you to Benicia.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

(Copy to Captain Kirkham.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 17, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Lieutenant W. B. Hughes, of the Ninth Infantry, having within a few days returned from Fort Walla Walla, and after completing 	his report connected with his recent duties at that post, I have retained him at these headquarters as acting assistant adjutant-general. His services will be in this capacity of much value during the operations in this district for the coming few months, and I have respectfully to ask of the commanding general his approval of my order placing him on duty as such. Lieutenant Hughes, from his experience in the staff department while posted east of the Cascade Moutains, and his practical knowledge of much of the country involving the movement of troops the coming summer, will give me valuable assistance. I find, too, that I will require probably at an early moment the services of an active and well-informed officer in the organization of the volunteer force in this district. his presence at headquarters will provide for a demand, that I doubt not will soon become urgent, for the employement of an officer capable and reliable in the investigations growing out of reported irregularities and abuses now existing. At the present moment, and undoubtedly for some time to come, much valuable service can be secured to the public interest by the employment of a well-informed and active officer of the Army on the special duty I have referred to, and I trust trhe requirements of the department will permit the assignment I have made in this instance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICTOF OREGON, Numbers 5. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 17, 1862.

First Lieutenant W. B. Hughes, Ninth Infantry, is assigned to duty and announced as acting assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.

