
your men in tobacco and sutler's stores will be made known to the merchants in this city, who will no doubt be very glad of the opportunity of supplying them. General Wright has given a more extended application to War Department General Orders, Numbers 29, than I have understood it to warrant. That, however, is of no material consequence. We are here in the same cause and for a common purpose, and nothing shall be wanting on my part to insure the harmony of action which is essential to efficiency, and I feel assured from your character that I may count upon your co-operation in everything that has for its object the advacement of the honor and interest of our country. Please communicate with me freely, and be assured that whatever I can do either officially or personally, to advance the interests or add to the comforts of your command will be done with the greatest pleasure.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.

[Inclosure G.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., August 11, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Column from California, District of Arizona:

GENERAL: At an early period of last year I reported that an invasion of Texas from new mexico, although practicable, was not a practicable undertaking; the length of the march, the desert character of the country to be traversed, the scarcity of supplies on the route, the necessity of bringing from the Missouri River or from the Pacific coast every article of equipment and munition and much of the food, all cinspired to make it an undertaking of great magnitude and of questionable value; and that the troops that would be required for the expedition could be more usefully employed at points that are not only near the appeared of supply but near the points to be attacked. The same views appeared to have been entertained at the Headquarters of the Army, as before my report could have reached Washington I received instructions to withdraw first a part and afterward the whole of the regular force then in New Mexico. These last instructions were subsequently so modified as to direct the withdrawal of these troops "as such time and in such manner as would not expose the Territory to consequent or invasion before the volunteer troops of New Mexico are property organized, armed, and posted. " At a later period I reported that it would be difficult, if not impracticable, to raise the additional force authorized for this Territory; nor do I think it desarable that it should be done if it is practicable to send one or two volunteer regiments from the East to replace the regular troops when they are withdrawn. The New Mexican Volunteers, unless supported by regular troops or by volunteers drawn from some other section of the country, cannot be relied on to resist invasion of the this department I received instructions from the Secretary of War to disband the New Mexican Voluntthought proper. The force from the Department of the Mississippi was subsequently diverted from its destination, and soon after information was receievd that your command was on the march. I have coupled these changes with the instructions for the movement of the regular troops, and supposed that your command was intended for service in New Mexico.

