
CARSON CITY, NEV. TER., May 18, 1862.

Captain R. W. KIRKHAM, U. A. Army,

Asst. Quartermaster and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, San Francisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to respectfully report that I received a telegraphic dispatch from the general commanding, under date of May 16, 1862, 11. 40 a. m., directing me to confine my movements to such points as rendered my presence necessary, and to escort the Governor of Nevada Territory to such Indians as he desired to visit. I proceed to Fort Churchill on the 15th instant, leaving my command at this place, and obtained on the commanding officer of the post two six-mule teams (all that he had at the fort) and thirty days' rations, and returned to this place yesterday evening, when I received the telegraphic dispatch above referred to. The commanding officer at Fort Churchill failed to receive any orders from headquarters relative to my movements, hence the delay in securing transportation and supplies. After receiving the telegraphic dispatch from the general commanding I immediately had an interview with Governor Nye. There were also present with us, Major Charles McDermit, Second California Volunteer Cavalry, commanding Fort Churchill, and Mr. Wassen, acting Indian agent. Mr. Wassen informed us that he had made arrangements to meet the Pyramid Lake Indians (Pah-Utes) and make them certain presents. The Indians desired to see the military officers, when he told them that if the officers came the soldiers would have to come also. To this the Indians consented. Governor Nye and Mr. Wassen were very anxious tat I should move with my command to the place of rendezvous agreed upon with the Indians. The interview resulted in determining me to move with the command to Pyramid Lake via Fort Churchill, effect a treaty with the Indians, and this prevent any trouble in that section of the Territory. Understanding from the general's orders, as well as from my own experience, that peace is more desirable than an Indian war, I the more readily concurred in many of the excellent suggestions of the acting Indian agent, whose long residence in the Territory has made him familiar with the Washoe and Pah-Ute tribes. There are many Indian chiefs in these two tribes who could cause the Government an immense expense of money of hostilities were provoked between them and the whites. It is understood that Governor Nye, Mr. Wassen, acting Indian agent, and Mr. Roop will accompany me. After consumating the interview at Pyramid Lake I will return to this place, and if no further orders are given me will move with my command to Susanville. I will leave this place on the 20th or 21st instant, taking fifteen days' rations and twenty rounds of ammunition to the man. The remaining portion of my provisions, forage, &amp;c., will be stored here at the rate of $2 per ton per month. I cannot learn of any Indian difficulties in the vicinity of Susanville. Indians report that Smoke Creek sam, a very bad chief, has been killed by the Pah-Utes. Mr. Wassen tells me that if I co-operate with him no difficulty will be experienced. I will act with him so far as my own duties will admit. I remark here that I have not made any record of march from Sacramento City to Carson City further than has already been communicated to you, judging the route to be so well known as to render it unnecessary; but from this point will make such record and forward it to your office. The suggestion as regards economy contained in the general's dispatch will receive my cordial co-operation. My men are behaving finely, are healthy and contended. The horses have improved at least 20 per cent. since leaving San Francisco.

