
respectfully submit tat it is important that the regiment should be at Walla Walla at the earliest practicable moment. The presence of one company at the Nez Perce Reservation is already urged by the Indian superintendent as of great necessity for the preservation of our friendly relations with that tribe of Indians. For operations in the Slamon River country and along the emigrant trail I am fearful the object would be defeated if we were compelled to wait for the snow to melt on the Cascade Mountains before marching these troops. Forage of every description is selling at very high rates in the valley and in this neighborhood, and the difference in the cost of supporting these four companies at Camp Barlow and east of the mountains would go far toward paying the transportation by water to Fort Dalles. At Camp Barlow and, indeed, throughout the Willamette Valley, grazing must be hired and short forage purchased, while east of the Cascade mountains the season is further advanced and forage of all kinds to be procured at less cost to the Government. As some time will of necessity elapse before they can be equipped to move in either direction, the commanding general will have full opportunity to become informed of the proper route to take for these companies. I am well impressed that to promote the successful employement of these troops in the movements indicated in the letter of instructions to myself on leaving San Francisco, that it would be eminetly advisable to send them by water to Fort Dalles, and thence to Fort Walla Walla by land as soon as they are in readiness to move.

Trusting that my action in the case of Colonel Cornelius, his staff, and Companies B and E will be approved, and awaiting further directions as to the balance of the regiment, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 14. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 19, 1862.

I. Colonel T. R. Cornelius, First Oregon Cavalry, with Companies B and E, of his regiment, will more without delay by water to Fort Dalles en route to Fort Walla Walla.

II. On arriving at Fort Dalles the necessary arrangements will be promptly made for the continuation of the march by land to Fort Walla Walla; departure from the former post made at the earliest practicable moment.

III. Colonel Cornelius on his arrival at Fort Walla Walla will assumed command at that post.

* * * * *

By order of Colonel Steinberger:

WM. B. HUGHES,First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, CAMP ABOVE OATMAN FLAT,

Gila River, Ariz. Ter., May 20, 1862.

Major T. A. COULT,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Troops at Grassy Camp, Gila River, Ariz. Ter.:

MAJOR: Through some strange oversight the trains leaving the Pima Villages are only furnished with half rations of forage. This

