
render it absolutely necessary that Shirland's and Cremony's horses receive no grain until they leave Grassy Camp for Fort Barrett. The train under Somers, which arrived from Fort Barrett at Grassy Camp to-day, is to rest and be carefully fed for three days, when it is to return to Fort Barrett with the loading of Sergeant Naper's fifteen wagons, just arriving from Fort Yuma. This latter train (Naper's) is to return to Fort Yuma. All trains leaving Fort Yuma are ordered to be loaded one-half with barley, so that shortly you will be likely to have enough for an onward movements. As soon as your wagons arrive which you sent to Yuma for barley, if you can then have anough tomove to Fort Barrett with the artillery and infantry, do so, and leave the cavalry to follow as soon as they can get forage to do so, one company at a time, commencing with Shirland's. There is no hay at Oatman Flat. You should see that some is put there at once, particularly for the artillery horses. If necessary have your animals under a strong guard herded, in the daytime only, on the opposite side of the river from Grassy Camp. Be sure and have your command cut hay enough to keep a good in front of all the horses and mules every night. I wish you to prepare at or near Grassy Camp a defensive work large enough to shelter 20 men, 10 horses, and to protect, say, 50,000 rations of subsistence stores. This must be done at once. Consult with Captain Shinn as to the best plan. The kind of work I have reference to you can make in two or three days. Thus, when the troopsleave there a small detachment of one sergeant and six first-rate men from the Fifth Infantry, and one first-rate corporal and three light men, with fine horses for vedette service, from captain Cremony's company, will be left there, and in charge of the sergeant, all the public property and stores which may be necessarily left behind, including all now at Grinnel's, which under your own supervision. I shall count on seeing all your force except this detachment at Fort Barrett by the 30th instant, with the animals in first-rate condition; if it be necessary to, get some of Grinnel's barley. He should press some hay at once and have it out upon the road. The two eagons now at Grinnel's should be left at the redoubt, or others in their place. The men left at the redoubt must be temperate and of the first class. They will be relieved in one month. I trust greatly to your forecast and industry and acknowledged resources to give practicable effect to all this. I am satisfied your horses and mules will hold their own on the fine grass at and near your camp, including that across the river; so you can watch carefully your supply of barley to be used on the road. The mules must be well fed, even though you buy some of Grinnel's barley; so must the artillery horses. With these in good heart, you may have no fear.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

CARSON, May 20, 1862 - 9. 20 a. m.

Captain R. W. KIRKHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Command left this morning for Pyramid Lake. Governor Nye with me. All well.

GEO. F. PRICE.

