
OFFICE INDIAN AFFAIRS, NORTHERN DIST. CALIFORNIA,

San Francisco, May 20, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT,

San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I regret that the most urgent necessity compels me to call upon you asking a company of troops for the protection of the Indians and U. S. employed on the Nome Cult or Round Valley Indian Reservation, located in the extreme northeast corner of Mendocino County, against some of the white people in said valley. Recent occurrences, attempts to assasinate the supervisor, and threats to kill the whole of the Indians on the reservation and take possession of the reserve, clearly demonstrate that the arm of Government protection should be at once extended in that direction; and in carrying out this object it is very desirable that orders to prevent the troops from intermixing with any of the Indians on said reserve should be given and strictly observed. And furthermore, there are persons who are trespassing upon lands, claiming the same as 'swamp and overflowed lands," and the only civil officer (a justice of the peace) in said valley is one of those trespassers, before whom we have on several occassions brought offenders against our rights and the laws of the State, who have by him been invariably discharged, showing clearly the necessity of military force at that point for our protection. In consulting the U. S. attorney on this subject he advised that military force be used to "put all such persons off the lands inclosed and used for the Indians service, whether they be swamp lands or otherwise. " I have thus been particular to detail our grievances, that your orders may meet the necessities of the occassion, as your officer in command may not be willing to act upon the request of myself or my supervisor in charge.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. M. HANSON,

Superintendent Indian Affairs, Northern District of California.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIS,San Francisco, May 21, 18F. J. Lippitt, commanding District of Humboldt, will take prompt measures to carry out the wishes of the superintendent of Indian affairs, as contained in the within communication.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 20, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that Companies B and E, First Oregon Cavalry, were this morning inspected by Actg. Asst. Adjt. General Lieutenant W. B. Hughes, presenting each three officers and seventy-six enlisted men, and moved toward Fort Dalles, en route to Fort Walla Walla. Colonel Cornelius, commanding the regiment, accompanies

