
with his staff this command. I transmit inclosed a copy of my letter of instructions to Colonel Cornelius for the information of the commanding general.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.

[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 20, 1862.

Colonel T. R. CORNELIUS,

First Oregon Cavalry, under orders for Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter.:

COLONEL: In carrying out the order for your movement to Fort Walla Walla with staff and Companies B and E, it is expected that the greatest dispatch will be used consistent with the safety and good condition of your command. Four si-mule teams with wagons will be furnished you by the commanding officer at Fort Dalles for the ytransportation of your supplies on the march. This number of wagons will be amply sufficient to carry ten days' rations from that post with the field allowance of camp and garrison equipage. Use your own judgment as to the maximum number of rations you take with you, being governed by the information you can gather as to the condition of the roads and the probable time occupied in the march, but inno event take less than ten days; subsistence. Your medical officer should be supplied with the necessary medicines for the troops on the march. For the successful prosecution of the march to Fort Walla Walla, and for the subsequent good order of your officers and men, it is earnestly enjoined upon you that enforcement be made and in strict conformity to the Regulations of the discipline and military requirements on a march. Report to me as opportunity offers your progress, as well as any items of intelligence that you may think useful in the future disposition of troops in or near the country through which you march. In assuming the important and responsible command of Fort Walla Walla a high and delicate trust devolves upon you, and much confidence is felt in the officers and troops of your command for the proper discharge of their duties. A large amount of public property is now and from its important position will of necessity for the future be kept at that post, and I desire to impress upon you, and through you your staff officers, the weighty obligations and accountability it imposes. In the prevailing excitement about the gold mines and the large emigration to Indian country contiguous to your headquarters, there is reasonable prospect of dissatisfaction among the tribes upon whose grounds the doscoveries are made, and in some instances the probability of conflict. To prevent the outbreak of hostilities, protect settlers, and secure justice on either side, for the preservation of amicable relatcted that the force under your command is mainly to be employed. It is therefore required that strict attention be given to the discipline and drill of your companies, and their efficiency for active service be industriously promoted with a view to their readiness to march into the mining country at short notice. The force under your command should, from present indications, be large enough to accomplish the desirable object of preventing outbreak if judiciously disposed of. To prevent rather than combat hostilities with the Indian tribes on our frontiers should be the policy pursued, and with this view I have to request early and frequent

