
information to these headquarters upon any intelligence that may involve the movement of troops or be useful to our military establishment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERG,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 20, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Inclosed I have the honor to transmit communicaton from Colonel T. R. Cornelius, First Oregon Cavalry, referring to means and cost of trabsportation of his regiment by the emigrant trail across the Cascade Mountains. The matter has already been referred to in former communications from this office, and this paperis forwardede in confirmation of some views expressed therein.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERG,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.

[Inclosure.] HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY OREGON VOLUNTEERS, Portland, Oreg., May 19, 1862.

Colonel J. STEINBERGER,

Commanding the District of Oregon, Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

COLONEL: I submit to your consideration the following facts and statements relative to the movement of my regiment across the Cascade range of mountains by the emigrant road, the only route of possible land travel before September, which route, on account of the depth of snow and high water, could not be traveled before the middle of July, and then would be accomplished with great difficulty. I estimate the ways and means of transportation by this route to The Dalles as follows, viz: Forage, which on account of there being no grass upon the route would be absolutely necessary for ten days, for 500 horses and 400 mules, 96,000 pounds of barley at 2 cents, $1,290; for hire of 400 pack animals, which would be required for the transportation of forage and subsistence for the regiment ten days, at $2 per day, $8,000; total, $9,920. I would also state that the thousands of miners proceeding to the northern mines this spring with pack trains going light, in no instance have they deemed the route possible or practicable for travel, and would aks if a route discarded by miners as impracticable could be taveled with safety and economy by a military force.

T. R. CORNELIUS,

Colonel First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 21, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Volunteers,

San Francisco, Cal.:

The Secretary of War directs you to order Major Burton, Third Artillery, to report in person at this office without delay.

L. THOMA,

Adjutant-General.

