HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 21, 1862.

GEORGE M. HANSON, Esq.,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, Northern District of California, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication dated on the 20th instant. I have this day sent an order to Colonel F. J. Lippitt, Second Infantry California Volunteers, commanding the District of Humboldt, to take immediate steps to carry out your wishes. A copy of your letter has been forwarded to Colonel Lippitt.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

OFFICE INDIAN AFFAIRS, NORTHERN DIST. OF CALIFORNIA,

San Francisco, May 21, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT:

SIR: I am just in receipt of a letter from the judge of the country court of Del Norte County, which I beg leave to inclose you. I have but little apprehension of trouble myself in that quarter, but still it would hive quiet to the nerves of those who are apprehensive, and I expect the Indians will be continued there until the Government makes othe provisions, even if the lands are not purchased for the use of a reservation. Hence I would be glad there should be troops stationed in that quarter.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. M. HANSON,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, Norther District of California.

[Inclosure.] CRESCENT CITY, May 19, 1862.

GEORGE M. HANSON, Esq.:

DEAR SIR: I feel it a duty to write you a few lines and represent to you the feeling of the citisens of this county at this time about the Indians. They having relied upon your prmise to have at least one company of troops in Smith River Valley by the 1st of April, tamely acquiesced in your placing the Indians among them, upon your representation that the Government would purchase these lands for a reservation. Most of the men in the valley have left and gone to the norther mines, many leaving their families in the valley. Since they have the Indians are becoming quite impudent, going to houses where there are no men and demanding food and clothing. This has alarmed the women and children, and some have already moved to town for protection, adn we are informed that there are now between 200 and 300 more Indians in Humboldt under arrest, and that they are about to be brought here by the steamer. If this is the case it is the wish of every man, woman, and child that troops should come at the same time, and I sincerely trust that you will fulfill your promise and have them sent at the same time. The Smith River Indians were very much displeased when thns came to the valley, and were unwilling to have them fish or get museels on their possessions; but lately they have become friendly, and old Ilas, the chief chief who has

