
always been at enmity with the Klamath Indians, has made three visits to the Klamanths, and fear are entertained that a plot is made for a general outbreak. The Klamath River and forty miles above. This is ascertaine to be the fact, and we only have in this county for protection a small body of troops stationed at Fort Ter-Waw. Twenty of that company have been ordered by Colonel Lippitt down on Mad River. You are well aware of the position I took when you first brought the Humboldt Indians here. I was unwillig to have them in our midst without an adequate number of troops to keep them in awe and protect our families and our property. This feelings has now become universal, and I doubt of if the citizens will permit any more Indians to land without troops. I trust, sir, that you will give this matter your serious attention.

Respectfully,

E. MASON.
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Gila Bend, Ariz. Ter., May 21, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel EYRE,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Fort Barrett, Ariz. Ter.:

COLONEL: Veck's train and Winston's train, now near Fort Barrett, will remain near that fort, if possible, where grazing can be found until further orders. Send at once a suitable party of men under Captain Pishon to have the wells cleaned out between the Pima Villages and Tucson, especially those referred to in Colonel West's letter to yourself dated May 17, 1862. The bearer of this need not return.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE. - If Francis' train has not left to return, give him ten pounds of wheat per mules each day for his trip to Yuma.

J. H. C.
HDQRS. ADVANCE GUARD, CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., May 21, 1862.

Lieutenant BENJAMIN C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Fort Barrett, Pima Villages:

I have the honor to report the occupation of this place by the forces under my command. Captain Emil Fritz with Company B, First Cavalry California Volunteers, entered the town yesterday. The five companies of infantry arrived to-day. Captain Hunter with eighty rebels evacuated the place on the 4th instant, and was last heard of on the 18th instant at Dragoon Springs in full retreat for Mesilla. A rumor is current that he was recalled in consequence of a late severe reserve met by the rebels in New Mexico. The colonel commanding can rely upon this place being held against the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

