
Acting upon this supposition, I have reported that "the near approach of General Carleton's force justifies the opinion that the regular troops may now be withdrawn, as originally intended, without detriment to the service," and have already made some arrangements for the movement; but as there have been some material changes since these instructions were given, I do not intend to put any of the regular troops beyond the reach of recall until I receive further instructions. I have been thus particular, not only for the purpose of answering your question, but to particular, not only for the purpose of answering your question, but to indicate the policy and instructions under which I have been acting, and which I suppose will devolve upon when the regular troops leave the country. In the arrangements that were made made for the reoccupation of Arizona it was my intention to restore the sovereignty of the United States in its original integrity, post the troops os as to protect the inhabitants and guard against invasion, and, in addition, to occupy such points in Texas as could be reached without throwing the troops so employed the reach of support. This has been directed in general terms in the instructions given to the commander of the Southern Military District, and who would also have been the commander of the expdition organized for that purpose. Copies of these instructions have laready been furnished you. The retreat of the rebels and the approach of your command rendered it unnecessary to send this force below the Jornada, and, with the exception of the infantry e cavalry force with Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre, it has been recalled. The detachments will also be recalled, but the movement will not be commenced until your arrangements are so far perfected that it can be done without incovenience.

I do not think that an invasion of New Mexico will again be attempted by the Rio Grande; but if our troops in the Southwest should meet with any serious reserves, it may be by the Canadian or attempts may be made to interrupt our communications with the East. This last I have regarded as the most probable danger, and some time since requested the commander of the Department of Kansas to place a sufficient force on that line (within his department) to secure it. The renewal of the disturbances in Missourihas prevented this, and I am now putting some of the Colorado troops on the line. If there should be no change in the order for the removal of theregular troops a part of your command will probably be needed at and above Fort Craig. I have estimated the force required at that post and the Rio Grande as far as Fort Bliss at 2,000 men. I infer from your letter of May 3 that you can readily be re-enforced from California, and there is no doubt that troops can better be spared from ythat State than from any other quarter. I make these suggestions now for your consideration, and will be pleased to hear from you in relation to them before any general movement of the regular troops takes place.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.

[Inclosure H.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., August 12, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Column from California, District of Arizona:

GENERAL: I have just received your communication of the 8th instant. It is my wish that you should exercise your own judgment both with regard to the distribution of your troops and the point at which your

