HDQRS. ADVANCE GUARD, CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., May 21, 1862.

Lieutenant BALDWIN,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Tucson:

With tenmen of Company B, First Cavalry California Volunteers, and the Scout Weaver, four days' rations for your men, apack-mule, and such forage as you can carry, take the road for Fort Barrett via the Canada del Oro. Then endeavor on the following day to open a wagon road cut-off to Cottonwood Springs. If you do not succeed in this go around by Fort Breckinridge, spin out your rations, and go through to Fort Barrett. Be on the alert for Apaches; keep your men together and close by their horses at night. If your succeeded in opening this road you will render a very essential service. Report to the commanding officer at Fort Barrett.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

PRIVATE RESIDENCE,

Cottage Grove, Oreg., May 21, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington City, D. C.:

SIR: Your circular communication of the respective dates of April 11, 1862, and April 28, 1862, are this day received, and the acknowledgment is made by telegraph, via San Francisco. As your circular of the latest date appears to be a duplicate of the firstm an answer to either is deemed to be sufficient. You desire me to 'send to your Department a full and accurate statement of all the troops from this State which are now in the service of the General Government, together with a separate list of all not mustered into the service; and all used as home guards. " In reply I have to say that there are any troops from this State now in the service of the General Government. In september last, Colonel Wright, then commanding the military in Oregon, made a requisition on the Governor of this State for one company of mounted volunteers, intended for the Indian service on the frontiers of this State and Washington Territory. The requisition was responded to and the recruitment about completed, when the authorities were informed that the volunteers were not needed, and soon after the Governor was ordered by Colonel Wright to disband the men alreadyn enrolled, which, however, had been done before the receipt of the order. During the winter and spring just passed there has been, as I learn through the public prints, a regiment of mounted men raised in this State, but as to their strength I have no official knowledge, they having been recruited and officered by officers appointed by the President; the authorities of this State have never been called upon or consulted with, in the matter of raising troops here or appointing their officers, except in the case of Colonel Wright, above referred to. There is not a figure or the scratch of a pen in the executive office which would enable me to answer your inquiries. ds I am not aware that there are any such as your inquiries are intended to cover now in this State, nor indeed has there ever been.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN WHITAKER.

