
HEADQUARERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, May 22, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have just received reportes from Colonel Carleton, dated at Fort Yuma, on the 10th instant, and from Lieutenant-Colonel West, First Infantry California Volunteers, commanding at the Pima Villages, as late as the Pima Villages, as late as the 6th instant. Copies are herewith inclosed for informationof the Department. * Our Indian difficulties in the District of Humboldt have been admirably managed by Colonel Lippitt, and it is confidently expedcted that all the Indians will soon be collected together and placed upon their reservations. In the District of Oregon all is quiet. Colonel Connor, with seven companies of this regiment (Third Infantry California Volunteers), will move on the 26th instant and encamped beyond Stockton, preparatory to crossing the mountains at the earliest moment practicable, and advance on the OverlandMail Route. The cavalry force designated for the same service will be thrown forward at an early day. I am happy in being able to assure the Department of the firm and unwavering fidelity to the Union and the Constitution of the people of the Pacific Coast, although we have in our midst rebels and ardent sympathizers with the rebellion; yet their voices are drowned by the overwhelming majority of patriotic Union-loving citizens on this far distant shore.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Gila Bend, Ariz. Ter., May 22, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding District of Southern California, Fort Yuma, Cal.:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding the Column from California directs me to say to you that he will be much obliged if you will endavor to have a good supply of hay placed at once at Gila City and Mission Camp. There is no hat at those points, and without it the teams passing over the road will be broken down. Could you not make arrangements with Mr. Yager or some other responsible person to contract to place they hay at the points designated, at least five tons at each point? The colonel commanding directs me also to say to you that Francis' train left Fort Barrett for Fort Yuma on the 21st, and that at least by the return trip of that train to Fort Barrett he will require Major Rigg to come forward with Company G, First Infantry California Volunteers, and perhaps Captain Thayer's company of the Fifth Infantry. The colonel commanding the column suggests that in order to keep the animals in good heart on the road they should be fed most liberallywhile at Fort Yuma. Any quartermaster attached to this expedition will receipt to your quartermaster for all forage fed to the animals over and above the regulation allowance, as a quartermaster in the field can make his accounts balance at points where he cannot feed the full allowance himself.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

---------------

* See pp. 1060, 1054.

---------------

