
Honorable Secretary that the request of General Allen be granted, and that the same allowance be authorized for this company as is made to light batteries in the Regular Army annually for practice. The entire militia of this State is under the new organization, commanded by one major-general, and Lucius H. Allen, a graduate of West Point, has been appointed to that office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-Genera, U. s. Army, Commanding.

OFFICE INDIAN AFFAIRS, NORTHER DIST. OF CALIFORNIA,

San Francisco, May 23, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT:

SIR: your letter of 22nd instant making inquiries about "the number of Indians now on Smith River Reservaation," also "whether all those which were near Ter-Waw have been removed," [has been received.]

In answer to the first inquiry, I will say, previous to my leaving Smith River I had removed all, or nearly all, the Humboldt and Eel River and a very few of the Klamath Indians up to Smith River. The Smith River Indians included would number voluntarily removed. The Klamaths, formerly being at enmity with the Smith River Indians, seemed disinclined to emigrate at that time, and believing in their old haunts they could shift or provide for themselves better than the others who had been brought there, I permitted them to remain until I had more means to provide for them, and I think of Ter-Waw, and I think no white settlers within some thirty miles in any direction with the exception of a very few 'squaw men," so-called, and but very little stock, if any, belonging to white people on any part of the Indian Reserve on Klamath. I would be pleased that the troops could be located at some good point between Crecent City and Smith River, but nearest the latter, so as not to cross the river into the Indian asettlements, with orders to those in command also sctrictly forbidding the admixture or commigling of the troops with the Indians. I think like Mr. Bryson, my supervisor (whose letter I also inclose you, as well as another gentleman in Crescent City), that the apprehensions of danger from Indians are unfounded in facts, but troops may be necessary for the protection of the Indians and employes as against the whites, as it is at Nome Cult. As soon as harvest is over I purpose removing all the Kalamath and Hoopa Indians also, provided Congress appropriates money to pay for the Smith River lands and improvements I have been negotiating for.

I have the honor to be, very truly, your obedient servant,

GEO. M. HANSON,

Superintendent Indian Affairs, Norther District California.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] OFFICE INDIAN AFFAIRS, NORTHERN DIST. OF CALIFORNIA, Crescent City, May 10, 1862.

Honorable G. M. HANSON:

DEAR SIR: I have been requested by the citizens of Smith River Valley and Crescent City to ask you to have a company of troops stationed at or near this city. Fears are entertaioned that the Smith River and Klamath Indians will unite and reclaim this country. The late emigration to the new mines would make this country an easy

