
prey to them in case they would attempt it, as there is scarcely anything Indians that we have here, and very little of any others, so far as my own feeling go, but as this country will be so nearly depopulated this summer, and almost at the mercy of the Indians in case they break out, I would think it best to have a company of troops here, as prudence is said to the better part of walor, and it would make all parties feel more secure. It has been showery for the last few days. The young grain is coming finely. We are looking for you by every steamer, and would be much pleased to see you and Mrs. H.

Very truly, yours,

WM. BRYSON.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] CRESCENT CITY, May 18, 1862.

Honorable G. M. HANSON:

DEAR SIR: I am requested by a number of individuals to write youat this time. There is a good deal of feeling manifested by the citizens, especially in Smith River Valley, in relation to the Indians. We learn by passengers per steamer Panama that the tug-boat at Humboldt will bring up in a few days 200 more Indians - as they say, Indians that have been captured, not disposed to peace. The people in the valley are feeling alarmed. I learned the other day they were making preparations to build a fort in case of an emergency. The people were expecting you up on this steamer. If you think the United States Government will not purchase the valley do not send any more Indians, for if an outbreak would happen there would be hardly men enough left to protect themselves. There seems to be a strong feeling in our midst that the valley will never be purchased by the Government. If you have any doubts upon that subject do not send any more Indians. Please write return steamer.

I remain, yours,

G. KINGSBURY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 23, 1862. (Via Carson City, Nev. Ter.)

Captain GEORGE F. PRICE,

Comddg. Company M, Second Cav. California Vols., Susanville:

CAPTAIN: Your letter of the 18th instant from Carson City is received. The general commanding directs me to say that he is extremely gratified by its perusal, and that he fully approves of all you have done and purpose to do. The propriety of going to Susanville is left entirely to your own judgment.

I am, respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. W. KIRKHAM,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Fort Barrett, Pima Villages, Ariz. Ter., May 24, 1862.

Major RICHARD C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-general, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that I arrive here yesterday evening. The weather has been intolerably hot during the last

