
few days, but the troops have marched admirably notwithstanding. Colonel West with five companies of infantry, and one of cavalry and two howitzers, you may remember, was ordered to occupy Tucson. He doubtless arrived there last Tuesdaym the 20th instant. I am in hourly expectation of hearing from him. The rebels, from the best information I can get, have retired from Arizona toward the Rio Grande. The Apaches attacked Captain Hunter's company of Confederate troops near Dragoon Spring and killed 4 men and ran off 30 mules and 25 horses. The Pima and Maricopa Indians have already sold to us for manta and on credit 143,000 pounds of wheat. Of the new crop, it is estimated that they will have for sale, say, 200 tons of wheat. I held a council with them to-day and promised to have sent down from san Francisco the additional supply of manta and the Indian good asked for in my letter of the 10th instant. I have directed a train of fifteen wagons to proceed to San Pedro, Cal., for these goods and for clothing for the troops. The depot quartermaster at that point should be instructed to forward these articles, and particularly the clothing, the moment it comes down from above. The troops must have the clothing at once. Once their feet come to the hot ground and their clothing comes to be greatly worn, they will suffer immeasurably. The Pima and Maricopas are the finest Indians I have ever seen, and will be of great service to us and to the Overland Mail Company, which eventually is certain to run over this route. The Apaches are their hereditary enemies. The Apaches have murdered people on the route and possessed themselves of arms, with which they now, for the first time, successfully assail the Pimas. The latter pray to be furnished with arms, not only to defend themselves, but to punish the Apaches. I beg respectfully to request that the general will cause to be sent o my address, at Fort Barrett, 100 stand of the old muskets (percussion), with 10,000 rounds of buck and ball cartidges, and with a supply of bullet molds for the muskets. These can be issued direct to the chiefs, who will be responsible for them, or, which would not be as well, to the commanding officer at Fort Barrett, for the use of the Indians when necessary. The general may rely upon it, this would be a great favor to this worthy people, who have always been our fast friends. I shall proceed to Tuscon in four or five days. I am now having all the wells repaired and made deeper which lie between the Gila and that place on the old stage road. As soon as the rebels are brushed away from Mesilla, the overland stage from Independence, Mo., via Santa Fe, Fort Thorn, Tucson, Los Angeles, to San Francisco, can commence its trips before the snows of winter again set in. I sution be drawn to this subject even now.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, Fort Barrett, Pima Villages, Ariz. Ter., May 24, Numbers 2. 1862.

1. The post on the San Pedro River in this Territory hotherto known as Fort Breckinridge will hereafter be known as Fort Standford, in honor of the Governor of the State of California.

2. Lieutenant Colonel Edward E. Eyre, First Cavalry California Volunteers, with all the troops of his regiment now at Fort Barrett, will proceed

