
without delay to Fort Standford and reoccupy it. Lieutenant-Colonel Eyrewill take 100 rounds of ammunition per man, and subsistence for his command to include the 30th proximo.

3. Lieutenant Colonel Joseph R. West, First Infantry California Volunteers, in command of the advance guard of this column, having taken possession of Tucson in this Territory, will leave that town under the command of Captain William McMullen, First Infantry California Volunteers, and proceed with Fritz's company of cavalry, and such other troops from the advance guard as he may deem necessary, and reoccupy Fort Buchanan.

4. The post returns of Fort Buchanan, Tucson, and Fort Standford, Ariz. Ter., for the month of May, 1862, will be forwardede through these headquarters to their proper destination.

5. The chief quartermaster, the medical director, and chief commissary will give such orders and may be necessary to aod in carrying the foregoing paragraphs into due effect.

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. california Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San francisco, Cal., May 24, 1862.

GEORGE M. HANSON, Esq.,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, Northern District of California, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 23rd instant with inclosures. I will send up orders by Colonel F. J. Lippitt, who is temporarily in this city, for posting a company of troops between Crescent City and the reservation. I have had several applications made to me for troops at various points, and the reasons advanced are that the men have gone to the mines and left the women and children to the mercy of the Indians. A very poor argument. There is either no danger from Indians or the men who will thus abandon their wives and little ones for the gold fields deserve death.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH INFANTRY CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,Los Angeles District, Camp Latham, May 25, 1862.

[Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT:]

GENERAL: In your letter of instructions of the 28th April I am directed to proceed to the Southern District of California with three companies of my regiment and staff, and take command of the mixed corps located in the Los Angeles District. Believing that your letter of instructions contemplated that the command of the souther district was instructed to my charge, I yet hesitated to assume command until after consultation with Major Drum, who confirmed me inmy original impression, and acted thereon until Orders, Nos. 9 and 1, the one signed by Colonel Carleton and the other by Colonel Bowie (copies of which are herewith inclosed), January

reached me two or

---------------

* See May 15, ante.

---------------

