
three days since. If Colonel Carleton can assing an officer to the command of this district, then of course my command is coextensive with Camp Latham, but this later view will not be acted upon by me except by further instructions from headquarters Pacific Department. It is probable that the action of Colonel Carleton was based upon published register of May 1, 1862, by which it appears that Colonel Bowie ranks me by one day, he taking rank from the 8th November, 1861, and Colonel Forman November 9. This was doubtless copied from Adjutant-General Kibbe's annual report, which is full of mistakes. As an evidence of the error in my case it is only necessary to Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Department of the Pacific, dated at San Francisco, November 8, 1861. This order recognized me as a colonel at that date, but also orders me to my regiment at Camp Sigel. In connection with this subject, permit me to inclose a copy of a letter* addressed by me to General Kibbe. To the reasons contained in that letter I would add another - the number of Bowie's regiment and my own and the rank of the commanders thereof, our predecessors. Captain Judah commanded the Fourth, my regiment, Lieutenant Kellogg the Fifth, Bowie's. I hope not to be deemed a stickler for rank, but the same points would be insisted upon by me under similar cirscumstances did I hold but the position of a non-commossioned officer.

With the hope that I may be pardoned for thus obtruding my views, partaking perhaps more of a private than public character, I subscribe myself, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. FORMAN,

Colonel Fourth Infantry California Volunteers.
HDQRS. FOURTH INFANTRY CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp Latham, May 25, 1862.

[Brigadier General G. WRIGHT:]

GENERAL: I have nothing to modify in regard to my views of the loyalty of the people here and of their utter harmlessness. Since my letter of May 8 most of the supplies therein applied for have reached here. The expedition I had intended should move from this place on Monday or Tuesday week, but from a communication+ addressed to me through the adjutant of my regiment from Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, and which I inclose to the acting assistant adjutant-general, with an indorsement favorable, the expedition may be delayed three or four days to hear from headquarters Departmentof the Pacific. Should it be determined to establish a post on Owen's River for winter quarters, tools and materials for erecting tents or temporary buildings for the command should accompany the expedition, and would require a slight modification of my plans. I had already intended to send out rakes, scytes, and mechanical tools in anticipation of a necessity for a winter campaign. The views of Colonel Evans, if concurred [in], show the necessity of a considerable expenditure of money in erecting buildings to shelter the men and publis property. Of the amount requisite I can form but an inadequate idea, though from the distance timber must be hauled, the expense myst be large as the Government must dependupon hiring teams. In connection herewith I would state that I have caused the regimental quartermaster to enter into a contract with a responsible individual who has agreed to haul 50,000 pounds for 7 1/2

---------------

* Omitted as unimportant.

+ Not found.

---------------

