
cents per pound with oz teams. This man lives on Owen's River, or did, and hals also agreed to do what hauling may be required in the valley. From the contract already made with him, I judge favorable contacts may bemade with him for subsequent labor to be performed by him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. FORMAN,

Colonel ourth Infantry California Volunteers.

P. S. - I am just advised by the surgeon of the regiment that he has no supply of medicines on hand to supply the expedition, or surgical instruments. These, together with an assistant surgeon, should be supplied. The latter can be obtained here.
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Fort Barrett, Pima Villages, Ariz. Ter., May 25, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding District of Southern California, Fort Yuma, Cal.:

COLONEL: Please order Major Rigg, First Infantry Clalifornia Volunteers, and Captain Greene's company, First Infantry California Volunteers, and Captain Thayer's company, of the Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, to march to this post at the time when Francis' train, now en route to Fort Yuma, returns to this post. Our people took possession of Tucson without a fight on the 20th instant. The secession troops have all left the Territory, and a rumor is afloat that Sibley has been badly whipped. I inclose for your information General Orders, Numbers 2, from these headquarters; also a letter for Major Rigg, and an open letter to Lieuytenant Barrett, depot quartermaster and commissary at Fort Yuma.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

[MAY 25, 1862. - For Carleton to Wright, relating to occupation by the Union forces of Tucson, Ariz. Ter., see p. 88.]
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Fort Barrett, Pima Villages, Ariz. Ter., May 25, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel E. E. Eyre,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Fort Barrett, Pima Villages Ariz. Ter.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the colonel commanding the column to say to you that from some information which he has this day received it is possible that on your arrival at Fort Stanford you may find the grazing facilities in that neighborhood not good enough to warrant the keeping of cavalry horses and quartermaster's mules in large numbers at that point, with a hope of having them recuit their flesh and strength. Should this prove to be the case, after a careful and extended examination of the country in that vicinity, you will move by

