
easy marches up the valley of the San Pedro to the point where the road from Mesilla to Tuscon crosses that valley, and there encamp and await further orders. You wuill retain with your command the quartermaster's train and the herd of beef-cattle which starts from this point with you until further orders. Should you come across any fields of wheat on your route be careful that these fields are not molested. The Apache Indians must not be attacked by the troops under your command unless they manifest hostility by some overt act, such as firing upon your command or running off your stock. As soon as you have taken possession of Fort Standford the colonel commanding directs that you will make a detailed report on the present condition of Fort Stanford and the resources of the country between this point and (in case you go that far) the point on the San Pedro where you are to encamp and await further orders.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

CUSTOM-HOUSE,

Post Townsend, wash. Ter., May 26, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the pacific:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication from you, dated 14th instant, authorizing Victor Smith, collector of curstoms, now absent, to take charge of the post and public buildings at Fort Townsend to be used as a marine hospital. Being satisfied that you granted this authority under the impression that some benefit would accrue to the Government, I deem it my duty to inform you how fat the interests of the United States are subserved by the occupation of said buildings for the purpose designated in your letter. There are three classes of marine hospitals, viz: First, where a building is erected for the purpose and the offices and servants appointed, and the whole expenses defrayed by the Government, through its agent, the collector of customs. second, when the United States erect building and place the same in charge of the city authotities under a contract for the accomodation of sick and disabled seamen at a certain rate per week, per capita. The only hospital of this class was at Charleston, S. C., Third, when contacts are made with medical or other incorporated nodies or individuals for the relief of the sick and disabled seamen in hospitals under their charge at certain rates per day or per week. The marine hospital here is of the third class, and Dr. John Allyn has contratced with the United States in the manner and form prescribed by law, "to provide said seamen with good and suitable lodging, medicine, and medical attendance, at the rate of $1. 50 per diem for each and every patient. " The military barracks at Fort Townsend have this been occupied by Allyn since last September, and he has paid Victor Smith $218 for the rent thereof, to April 1, which sum Smith has appropriated to his own use. I have reported Victor Smith to the Secretary of the Treasury for embezzlement of the sum of $4,354. 98, and for official misconducsgraceful character. Much of it in connection with the marine hospital.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

J. H. MERRYMAN,

First Lieutenant, U. S. Revenue Service, and Acting Collector.

