
headquarters will be established. My instructions to Colonel Chivington of June 22 and subsequent dates were predicated upon the supposition that he would meet with some resistance, and were more in detail than I should have considered necessary with an officer of more experience. In my letter of yesterday I gave the general tenor of my instructions, in order thatyou might use your discretion in carrying out the policy of the Government with reference to this department. Directions will be given to send tents to Fort Craig for the use of your command, and I trust that you will not hesitate in askingfor anything that will add to the comfort of your command. If not already at Fort Craig, it will be sent there, and if not now in abundance, we will share wat we havem and renew our supplies when the trains come in. It will probably be necessary for a time to send your own transportation to Fort Craig for any supplies that you may need from that place.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.

[Inclosure I.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Las Cruses, N. Mex., August 15, 1865.

Brigadier General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: I wrote to you a letter from Ojo de la Vaca on the 2nd instant advising you of the strength of the forces under my command then en route to the Rio Grandle. Since then I have not received any letters from your headquarters advising me of the receipt of that communication. The inclosed general orders (Nos. 14 and 15, from these headquarters) will give you an idea of the force stationed at Mesilla. In Las Cruses there are four companies of the Fifth U. S. Infantry; at Fort Fillmore there are Shinn's light battery, Third U. S. Artillery; Companies A and E, First California Volunteer Infantry; Company B, Fifth California Volunteer Infantry, and Companies B and D, First California Volunteer Cavalry, and Company B, Second California Volunteer Cavalry. I places all the cavalry and nearly all the quartermaster's wagons and teams at Fort Fillmore on account of the good grazing in that vicinity and the abundance of mesquite beans now in tat neighborhood, which for the present precludes the necessity of purchasing much forage. As there are sufficient quarters at La Mesilla for the four companies of the Fifth U. S. Infantry I shall establish them in that town, unless otherwise directed by yourself, at least for the present. The emulation which will naturally spring up between them and the volunteers, as to who shall best perform their duties, will, in my opinion, be of great service to both; besides, there is a fine building there, where the supplies - quartermaster's and subsistence - can be kept free of expense, and the town of Mesilla is said to be a cooler and healthier locality than Las Cruses. Colonel Howe wrote to me desiring that I would send these four companies to Fort Craig, but this I do not feel authorized to do unless your order it. Mr. Woods the beef contractor, wrote me a note in relationto furnishing beef for my command. It is herewith inclosed,* together with my reply. I hope my desicion in this case will meet with your approval. I have not yet learned officially whether Mr. Woods will or not supply beef for only the four companies of regulars; I have heard that he would not. To-morrow I leave for Fort Bliss, in Texas, with Companies B, of the First, and B, of the Second, California Volunteer Cavalry. Company

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

