HDQRS. BATT. FOURTH Regiment CALIFORNIA INFTY. VOLS.,Benicia Barracks, May 26, 1862.

Captain R. W. KIRKHAM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Quartermaster and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report to the general commanding that upon the departure of Colonel P. Edward Connor this morning I assumed the command of this post, as shown by the accompanying order:
HDQRS. BATTALION FOURTH REGIMENT CALIFORNIA INFANTRY VOLS.,Benicia Barracks, May 26, 1862.

The commanding officer of this post, Colonel p. edward Connor, Third Regiment California Infantry Volunteers, having departed this day, the undersigned assumes the command. All existing orders will remain in force until countermanded by competent authority.

By order of Major Henry Hancock, Fourth Regiment California Infantry Volunteers:

JACOB AUSTIN,

First Lieutenant and Acting Adjutant.

HENRY HANCOCK,

Major Fourth Regiment California Infantry Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, Numbers 3. Fort Barrett, Pima Villages, Ariz., May 26, 1862.

Company H, First Infantry California Volunteers, with 100 rounds of ammunition per man and ten days' subsistence, will proceed with Winston's train, starting this afternoon to Tuscon, Ariz., and there become attached to the command already stationed at that post. Lieutenant Hammond will superintend the weighing of the baggage of the company, and see that nothing goes on the wagons not authorized by existing orders.

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

HDQRS. ADVANCE GUARD, COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,

Tucson, Ariz. Ter., May 26, 1862.

Lieutenant B. C. CUTLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Column from California:

I have the honor to report as follows in regard to procuring supplies at this post, and first as to the resources of the immediate vicinity: The extreme lateness of the season occassions a scarcity of breadstuffs. No flour was to be found here, and all the wheat a scarcity of breadstuffs. No flour was to be found here, and all the wheat, in quantity 50,000 pounds, was held by one party. For current consumption the purchase of this was imperative at the exobitant price of 6 cents per pound. Flour from this purchase will cost the Government $9 per 100 pounds, less the quantity of bran and shorts taken for forage. A small mill within two miles of town is now in our possession. It is a water power, but cannot be served more than twenty out of twenty-four hours, during which times it turns out 1,200 pounds of flour. The quantiry of flour available from the above wheat amounts in round numbers to 24,000 rations. In from two to three weeks the standing and now nearly ripe harvest of wheat in the vicinity will be gathered. It is estimated that 100,000 pounds will be offered for sale, and, should there not be a pressing necessity for its purchase, the price will abte. The

