
introduction of a train load of wheat from the Pimas would have a good effect to the end. The ravages of the Apaches have cut off the supply of cattle; but ten head fitfor beef could be procured on the spot. A contract has been made with J. M. Elias for fresh beef at 10 cents per pound for the command for thirty days, terminating June 25. No small rations can be procured here. All such must [be] introduced from the Government depots. The necessary supply of fresh vegetables for the health of the command can be obtained. The immediate supply of forage purchased at 3 1/2 cents per poind, with bran and shorts at 2 1/2 cents. Good hay from mesquite grass is delivered to the assistant quartermaster at $16 per ton. I am of opinion that 200,000 pounds barley will be offered for sale here from the fields now ready to be cut, and venture to hope that a lower price will buy it than is now demanded. The general commanding will observe that the expenses of maintaining this command here are for the present high. I have used every exertion compatible with our necessities toward a proper economy, but I have to regret being so situated as to be compelled to submit to such heavy expenses. As to supplies from Sonora, the matter is still vague Communication has been almost entirely cut off. The news of our being here and of our want will soon spread; with some of our troops protecting the road to Santa Cruz and Magdalen, supplies of flour, corn, and cattle may be looked for from that region. Some expelled Unionists, men of business, will shortly return to this post, and through them supplies will most probably be obtainable. There are two good blacksmith shops here and a carpenter shop, all worked by Government. Enough charcoal for present uses, and more can be made, considerable iron, a few horse and about 200 pounds mule shoes. No nails are as yet discovered, but may be as things develop daily. Some wagon timber is here, but inferior to that at Fort Standford, where

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding
HDQRS. ADVANCE GUARD, CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., May 26, 1862.

Lieutenant B. C. CUTLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Column from California:

I have the honor to report that in compliance with General Orders, Numbers 2, I shall to-morrow turn over the command of this town and proceed with forty of Captain Fritz's company of cavalry to occupy

Fort Buchanan. The general commanding can rely upon receiving a post return for May of U. S. troops stationed at that point. Inquiry makes me of opinion that the Calabazas Ranch will be a desirable locality for the full cavalry command of the column. It occupancy is generously offered by Governor Gaudara, who represents the grazing fine and buildings sufficient to quarter 400 men. It is one the main road to Sonora, and scouting parties could readily be sent out from there to protect such supplies as will likely come forward from that State. I shall take the Calabazas Ranch en route to Fort Buchanan and report the results of my observations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

