
CAMP,

Aurora, Mono County, Cal., May 26, 1862.

Captain R. W. KIRKHAM,

Assistant Quartermaster and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: As I deem it an imperative duty to address this communication to department headquarters, no further excuse for so doing I presume will be necessary. Having left For Churchill on the 14th instant, per verbal orders from the major commanding, to join the expedition sationed at this place, I have the honor to report my arrival on the 17th instant. Finding this community still in a considerable state of excitement and anxiety in relation to Indian difficulties existing in this neighborhood and upon Owen's River I have exerted myself to establish tranquillity. To this end I took thirteen mena dn made a scout into the Indian country of some ninety miles in circuit. I had secured the services of an Indian as interpreter, and first visited Mono Lake, some twenty-eight miles distant from this place. There I succeeed in getting fourteen Indian warriors to visit my camp and have a "talk. " The head chief (Man-na-wa-he) was present, as well as some of the Indians lately engaged in the disturbances on Owen's River. They pretended to have no connection with the Owen's River Indians, but nevertheless were anxious to convey to me the idea that the Owen's Rivers from this time forward desired peace. They said that since the Owen's Rivers had killed some white men they were now satisfied. Of course this talk must be interpreted with judgment. But my object was not so much to have a talk at this time as to see if I could meet them, as no white man has been able to do so since the late difficulties. Having acccomplished this object, I assured them they would not be molested during good behavior, and promised to meet them again at the same place in twelve days, which will be on the 5th of June, hoping in the meantime to be able to hear from the general commanding, or at least from Government Nye, or Mr. Wassen, Indian agent of Nevada Territory. If I should fail to receive instructions or to hear from either source I propose to take to them such provisions as I may have to spare and distribute among them for the purpose of keeping open this the only avenue to reach the Owen's River Indians in case negotiations are contemplated. Although these Indians professed to befirneldy yet they exhibited a suilkiness and war tone not to be mistaken. There were but thirteen men with me (fourteen in all), and there were fourteen of them all armed with bows and arrows, with the exception of three, who had splendid Kentucky rifles; notwithstanding all this they can be managed with prudence and jugment. I shall write to-day to Governor Nye and Indian Agent Wassen, stating the facts as I find them. Leaving Mono Lake I proceeded to visit Adobe Valley, which lies nearly due east from the lake about thirty-two miles. It contains some twleve or fifteen square miles of good agricultural land, with an abundant supply of water and timber. It is through this valley that the Owen's River road passes to this place and vicinity. There are no Indians living in the valley, but in the hills adjacen here are a few. It is in this valley also through which the boundary line runs dividing the Pah-Utes from the Owen's Rivers. This valley's is about thity miles from Aurora. If the general commanding will excuse my presumption I will suggest here that a small force stationed in Adobe Valley would be able to exert an influence over a greater extent of country than from any other point between For Churchil and Owen's lake. It looks to be important just now that troops should be somewhere in this vicinity. If troops have been sent to Owen's River from

