
below it will have a tendency to drive the Indians to this region, and a small force could check them if disposed to violence. From Adobe Valley I returned to this camp, which is one mile from Aurora. With this I forwarded a rough sketch* which may be of some service in forming an estimate of this country. I will say here that the character of the country is very rough-mountains and valleys, sand and sage brush, occasionally a patch of grass and stream of water. There is more timber, however, in this section than there is either north or south for 100 miles. In traveling from here in almost every direction we are obliged to pass through snow, which yet covers the mountain tops all around. This command of fifty men of Company A, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, has now been absent from Fort Churchill since the 28th of March. The expenses of the command have from necessity been heavy, principally for forage. The inclemency of the season has rendered grazing impossible. The parties from whom forage, &amp;c., has been purchased are getting somewhat anxious for their pay, and I would most respectfully inquire whether a requisition for funds to meet these outstanding debts shall be made from here direct or from Fort Churchill? Some early action should be taken, and I hope the general commanding will not consider it out of place for me to speak of it here and at this time, although I suppose I should more properly address the chief of the quartermaster's department in realtion to the matter. I should have stated in the forepart of my letter that the number of Indians in the vicinity of Mono Lake at the present time is about eighty-men, women, and children. This being in California, it is very uncertain whether Governor Nye will take any further steps in relation to these Indians. I therefore hope that my acts will be approved by the general commanding, and that further orders or instructions may be received at an early day. If consistent with the views of the department it would be considered a great favor if in the future Company A could all be together.

EDWIN A. ROWE,

Captain Company A, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding Aurora Expedition.
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Fort Barrett, Pima Villages, Ariz. Ter., May 27, 1862

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Commanding District of Southern California, Fort Yuma, Cal.:

COLONEL: I find that when I start for the Rio Grande it will not, in my opinion, be necessary for the time being to have over two companies stationed at this post and three in other parts of this Territory; so if Captain Thayer's company, of your regiment, has not already left Fort Yuma to join me please retain it at the post. If it has left, and is not over three marches up the Gila, I beg you will recall it. Let me impress upon your mind the great importance of having the clothing asked for sent forward with the greatest possible dispatch. The suffering for the want of shoes on the hot deterts will be terrible. Pray urge the general, as well as the depot quartermaster at Camp Drum and Fort Yuma, to admit of no delay in this matter. The weather is getting very hot in this part of the country. The Indians have already commenced to harvest their wheat.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

