
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, Numbers 3. Fort Barrett, Pima Villages, Ariz. Ter., May 27, 1862.

I. The chief commissary will give his personal attention to the repair of barrels, boxes, bags, &amp;c., containing subsistence stores, that no waste or damage take place, and that supplies shall be kept in a state of readiness for immediate transportation. This rule is to be in force at all parts of the column wherever their officer may be.

II. In order to insure that all the savings of the rations issued to the sick in hospitals are devoted to the purpose of procuring such nourishing diet for the patients as may be gotten by exchange or purchase, it is hereby made the especial duty of every surgeon and assistant surgeon in this column to give a close attention to this matter, that not an ounce of provisions which properly belong to the sick or to the men in hospitals be wasted, or be defelected from its legitimate use. It is expressly forbidden for officers of the medical department tomess in their hospitals, or to have their meals served from there. Commanding officers will see that this order is duly enforced to the minutest detail.

III. The troops of this column being in a desert country far from the base of operations and source of supply, it is hereby made the imperative duty of every officer and soldier, and employ of the Government serving with the column, to practice the most rigid economy in the use of every article of ammunition, food, forage, clothing, medical supplies, and quartermaster's property. Commanders of regiments and companies will personally see that not a round of ammunition is wasted, that no more cooked; that the clothing of the men be kept in repair, &c., and for the preservation and repair of public property they are the agents and guardians to look after interests of the Governmetn in this respect as closely as if these interests were their own.

IV. The subsistence department will pay cash at the end of each month for every article of subsistence stores saved in companies during that month.

* *

VI. This order will be copied into all the regimental and company order books, and be read at dress parade for three successive evenings after this receipt.

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. THIRD INFANTRY CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp Halleck, Stockton, Cal., May 27, 1862.

Captain R. W. KIRKHAM,

Assistant Quartermaster and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, San Francisco:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the safe arrival of my command at this camp at 5 p. m. yesterday in good health.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Colonel Third Infantry California Volunteers.

