HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 28, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

First Infantry California Vols., Commanding Column from California:

SIR: In reply your letter of the 13th instant, the general commanding the department directs me to inform you that there is no evidence at these headquarters of any authority having been granted, either by treaty or otherwise, on the part of the Mexican Republic for the passage of troops through her territory. Should the contingency alluded to in a former letter arise, the instructions therein given will be your guide. The general directs me to say that your letters to Lieutenant-Colonel West have been carefully perused and receive his approval.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Carson City, Nev. Ter., May 28, 1862.

Brigadier-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: On the 12th instant Agent Wassen received a communication from Lieutenant H. Noble, commanding detachment at Aurora, under date of the 7th instant, informing him of the condition of Indian affairs in that locality, the purport of which is as follows, to wit: On the 5th instant a white man was shot and severely wounded in two places by a renegade Indian from California, by the name of Spanish George. The citizens, attributing the outrage to the Pah-Utes, proceeded to arrest and confine every one of that tribe they could find, and would have hanged them immediately had it not been for the prompt action of Lieutenant Noble, who investigated the matter, and after ascertaining the above facts released the Pah-Utes, thereby securing their friendship and giving them assurance of the disposition of the Government to protect them in their rights. The citizens of Aurora becoming greatly excited over this affair, and fearing other assaults of a similar nature would be made, it became apparent that something must be done topreserve peace in that section. I accordingly requested Capta. E. A. Rowe, on the 13th instant, to take charge of Indian affairs in that end of this territory while his command remained there; circumstances requiring the presence of the attaches of the department in other places, and having unlimited confidence in Captain Rowe's will and ability to manage the business properly, I left him to be governed by the circumstances that might surround him. I am informed by captain Rowe, in a communication of the 25th instant, that he has just returned to Aurora from an expedition south of that place, and that he has opened a communication with the hostile Indians of Owen's River, who expressed a desire to have their existing difficulties with the whites amicably adjusted. I would, therefore, respectfully suggest the propriety of your giving Captain Rowe discretionary power sufficient to enable him to accomplish this much-desired objet. It is true that the Indian difficulties above alluded to occurred out of my jurisdiction, yet if a force is sent into Owen's River Valley and suceeds in defeating the Indians there it will have the effect to drive them into this Territory to renew their depredations and involve the Pah-Utes in their difficulties,

