
unless a sufficient force is kept along the line separating the territory claimed by the Pah-Utes from that claimed by the Owen's River Indians. The boundary passes along the south side of Adobe Valley. I am informed by Agent Wassen (who has a thorough knowledge of the topography and resources of that section of country) that Abode Valley possesses peculair advantages over any other place in that vicinity for the establishment of a post to protect the southern portion of this Territory. It is on the line between the two tribes and commands the principal passes from Owen's River into this Territory. It is supplied with wood, water, and grass. I think there should be at least one company stationed there, or in that vicinity, until the difficulties on Owen's River are settled. I have just returned from Pyramid Lake on a visit to old Winnemucca and his tribe, to inquire into and settle a difficulty between the Pah-Utes of the Truckee River and those of the Walker River, growing out of the killing of the third chief of the Pah-Utes, Wah-Hee, by the Walker River Indians some two or three weeks since. Wah-Hee being a brother of old Winnemucca, the head chief of the Pah-Utes, I had no little trouble in reconciling him. I trust now the matter is permanently settled. I was accompanied on this expediton by Captain Price and his command. It affords me pleasure to assure you of their uniformly courteous and soldier-like conduct on all occasions while with me, and I am confident he and his entire company will do credit to the service in any emergency. The Indians in my superintendency were never more peaceable and prosperous than they are at this time, and soliciting your co-operation to preserve this state of affairs,

I remain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JAMES W. NYE,

Governor, &amp;c.

CARSON CITY, NEV. TER., May 28, 1862.

Captain R. W. KIRKHAM,

Asst. Quartermaster and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, San Francisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to respectfully report that I received your communication of May 23, 1862, inclosing Special Orders, Numbers 86. I have also to report that I arrived here this day with my command from Truckee River, nineteen miles southeast of Pyramid Lake. Governor Nye, Indian Agent Lockhart, and U. S. Marshal Wassen were with my command. We met 200 Pah-Ute warriors, who were accompanied by their principal chief, Winnemucca, on the bank of the Truckee at the point above referred to, and held an interesting talk with them on the 24th instant, which I am gratified to say resulted in entire satisfaction to both parties. The agent gave the Indians a number of presents and about 400 pounds of provisions. The Indians expressed their earnest desire for peace with the whites, and only asked that their lands on the Truckee be preseved to them by the Government. Several chiefs of the Bannock tribes were also present and expressed a desire to be at peace with the white men. They have gone north to call their people together to meet me one day's march beyond the Truckee. The Bannocks have been represented to me as the most dangerous tribe in the Territory. I am fully satisfied that with reason, kindness, and firmness all difficulties with Indians in this Territory will be avoided. An agent of the Indian Department (Mr. Burch) will accompany me to distribute presents. Governor Nye will, if possible, go with me. I move with my command to-morrow morning en route for the Honey Lake district. After holding an interview with the Bannocks, or other Indians who may meet me beyond

