
the Truckee, will move to Susanville if I deem it necessary. I will return to this point within twenty-five days. Communications intended for me should be directed to Carson City, "to remain until called for" indorsed on the face of the envelope. My transportation is wholly inadequate for my necessities. The two six-mule teams furnished me at Fort Churchill are very inferior articles. I must have an additional teamin order to move my command promptly. Inclosed please find journal of march from this point to Truckee River; from thence, from information received, the direction to Pyramid Lake.

I remain, with much respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. F. PRICE,

Captain, Commanding Company M, Second California Volunteer Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, May 29, 1862.

First Lieutenant CHARLES G. HUBBARD,

Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Detach. at Reed's Ranch, Humboldt Military Dist.:

LIEUTENANT: Upon arriving with the detachment under your command at Mattole Valley you will encamp where in your opinion you can most effectually aford protectiont to the settlers against the inroads of hostile ndians, this being the principal object to be kept in view in your operations. At the same time you will by careful reconnaissance endeavor to ascertain if any considerable bodies of Indians are in that vicinity, and report promptly to these headquarters what information you may acquire upon this subject. Should it appear to be necessary for an escort to the train upon its return Lieutenant Flynn will at your request furnish the same.

By order of Lieutenant Colonel James N. Olney:

Very respectfull, your obedient servant,

JOHN HANNA, JR.,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. Second Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., May 29, 1862.

Colonel JOHN R. BAYLOR,

Governor of Arizona, Present:

SIR: You are authorized to raise five battalions of partisan rangers of six companies each, either mounted or on foot, as may be found most practicable, the said men to be regularly enlisted men mustered into service for the war, and the several battalions and companies to be organized as required for other corresponding corps. The men will receive bounty with tvolunteers, but must furnish, so far as possible, their own arms and equipments and the mounted men their own horses. These troops will be under your command as Governor of Arizona, and will be organized under your direction. Field officers will be appointed to each battalion upon your recommendation; company officers must be elected.

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

P. S. -One battalion may be enlisted for twelve months, into which no person liable to conscription can be admitted.

