HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 30, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Nothing of special interest has occurred in this department since my reports of the 23rd instant. My latest dates from Colonel Carleton were on the 14th instant. He was then at Fort Yuma with his advance guard, a strong force under Lieutenant-Colonel West, at the Pima Villages. Colonel Carleton would proceed with his main force immediately, and it is presumed that by this time he had occupied Tucson. A slight skirmish had taken place between a detachment of the First Cavary California Volunteers and a small band of rebels, resulting in the death of Lieutenant James Barrett, First Cavalry California Volunteers, and two privates, and the capture of two of the rebels and the dispersion of the party. I donot think that Colonel Carleton will encounter any large body of rebels in Arizona. His force, however, is ample to meet any emergency-his own regiment (First Infantry), six companies of cavalry, and the light artillery battery, Company A, Third Artillery, commanded by Lieutenant Shinn; besides, he has a portion of the Fifth infantry California Volunteers, with the balance of that regiment as a reserve at Fort Yuma. His command has been supplied with everything necessary for the campaing. It is not believed that the rebel forces under Sibley will prosecute the design they had of entering the State of Sonora. If they do so, I have ordered Colonel Carleton to pursue them even to the gates of Guaymas if necessary. I have no late news from Sonora, and I have no positive information as to the fianl action of Governor Pesqueira on the communicationa addressed to him by the rebel chief Sibley. If it should turn out that Pequeira has yieleded in the least to Sibley's request, it appears to me that we should take the initiative in the matter by seizing Guaymas and the principal cities and towns, and holding the State under martial law. In the District of Oregon everything is quiet. Colonel Cornelius, with a squadron of Oregon cavalry, has moved to Fort Walla Walla. The three companies of the same regiment now in the Williamette Valley will also proceed without delay to Walla Walla. The other company of Oregon cavalry, with one of the field officers, I have ordered to remain near Jacksonville for the present. The troops in the District of Humboldt, under command of Colonel Lippitt, Second Infantry California Volunteers, are actively employed in collecting the Indians, with the view of placing them on the reservations.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 30, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Since I received instructions from your office to prepare a command for the protection of the Overland Mail Route, I have received no instructions as to how far east it was intended that I should send my troops. Colonel P. E. Connor, Third Infantry California Volunteers, whom, I appointed to command all the troops on the mail route, has

