
advanced with seven companies of his regiment and iw now encamped near Stockton. Supplies are being collected and transportation preparing for crossing the Sierra Nevada, as soon as the roads are practicable for wagons, probably about the 20th of June. I have two companies of cavalry at Fort Churchill, and one company temporarily near Pyramid Lake, which, with the two companies of the same regiment, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, now near this city, will constitute the mounted force I designated for Colonel Connor's command. Three companies of the Third Infantry California Volunteers are now serving in the District of Humboldt. I propose, as soon as their services can be spared, to order them to join Colonel Connor. At present there seems to be no danger apprehended on the mail route between here and Salt Lake. Unless otherwise instructed, I shall advance possibly two, intermediate stations between Fort Churchill and Utah. Colonel Connor has with him two field pieces and three mountain howitzers, with equipments and ammunition.

With great respect, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 30, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. Army,

San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to report that, in compliance with instructions received from the general commanding the department, I proceeded to the Distrist of Southern California, on the steamer leaving this port on the 6th of April. On my arrival at Camp Dru, which is situated half a mile back from the landing, on the main road leading to Los Angeles, on a ridge sufficiently elevated toa fford drainage during the rainy season, and surrounded with abundant grazing. The troops were supplied with good water from wells dug within the limits of the camp. There being no timber in the immediate vicinity, fuel was supplies by contract. During the aftrnoon of the 8th and morning of the 9th of April I inspected Captains Mead's, Shirland's, and Cremony's companies of cavalry and Lieutenant Shirland's, and Cremony's companies of cavalry and Lieutenant Shinn's battery (A) of artillery. The equipment of all these companies was complete and, with their clothing, in very good condition. The companies of cavalry were exercised in platoon and squadron, and evinced care in their instruction and a tactical knowledge on the part of their respective officers. The battery was exercised for one hour at battery drill, and when you consider the short time in which Lieutenant Shinn has had to operate, it is not too much to say that its instruction is excellent and displays intelligence and zeal on the part of its officers. They discipline at this camp, as well as the general appearance of the troops, was good. Their messing received the attention of company commanders and was generally very well conducted. By direction of the district commander he cooks of each company at this and other camps and posts were instructed in making bread. The object of this was to lessen the amount in bulk of subsistence to be transported. It has succeeded admirably, and the men much prefer this to the hard bread usually provided on a campaign.

