
At Kline's ranch I found Captain McLaughlin's company, Second Cavalry. One third of this company are on detached service, as expressmen, teamsters, &amp;c., and the captain could give me no satisfactory information of the condiction of their horses, clothing, or equipments. The portion of the company at this station I found admirably instructed in all their duties (excepting their clothing, which is very bad), and in good condition for active service. This officer is, I think, one of the best instructed in the cavalry force from this State, and prompt and active in the discharge of all his duties. I arrived at Camp Wright early in the morning of the 14th of April and remained there until late in the afternoon of the same day. During that time Major Coult exercised the command, which consisted of six companies of the Fifth California Volunteer Infantry, in battalion drill, both at the quick and double-quick, equipped in complete marching order. These companies have been carelessly instructed, for neither in their marching nor in executing the evolessly instructed, for neither in their marching nor in executing the evolutions in battalion drill, both at the quick and double-quick, equipped in complete marching order. These companies have been carelessly instructed, for neither in their marching nor in executing the evolutions in battalion did they display that careful training so necessary to military movement. With the exception of Major Coult none of the officers appeared familiar with tactics, and from what I ascertained I am satisfied that no regular recitations have ever been required of them. In Major Coult I found an exception, for he is not only familiar with all his duties, but in tactial knowledge has probably no superior in the volunteer service. I inspected these companies at different points on the route subsequently, and foundtheir equipments and clothing, except in the article of knapsacks, in very good order. The latter were generally rotten, and very inferior to these used in service. I could not ascertain positively, but think that any of those on hand were made in this city; the material of which they are manufactured is not serviceable, and the officers generally prefer the old army pattern.

The messing arrangements in the several companies were very good; everyting indicated neatness and a proper care on the part of the officers. Examined carefully company records and found company commanders almost totally deficient in their knowledge of keeping their accounts. There was a very general desire to be instructed, and a disposition to assume the entire responsibility of the losses resulting from their negligence in not keeping properly their clothing accounts. The hospital at this camp was in the charge of Surgeon Wooster, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, and was apparently properly conducted. All the officers of the regiment appear to have great respect for an confidence in this gentleman. Camp Wright is under the command of Colonel Bowie, Fifth Infantry. Owing to the necessities of the service the companies of his regiment have been much scattered since their arrival in the district, which has prevented his giving greater pe to their instruction. His recent orders, however, if faithfully carried out, will go far to remedy many of the defects now so apparent. I arrived at Fort Yuma on the 20th of April, and reviewed and inspected the troops the next day. The garrison consisted of seven companies of the First Regiment of Infantry California Volunteers, under the command of Major E. A. Rigg, same regiment. The battalion passed in review both at quick and dobule-quick, equipped in heavy marching order, displaying a steadiness and regularity of movement that would have done credit to regular troops. The arms and equipments as well as the clothing of these companies were in excellent condition.

The influence of the large number of old soldiers in this regiment is made apparent in the neatness of their quarters and great care taken

