
of their clothing and equipments, and more particularly in the messing arrangements. Indeed everything about the quarters was highly creditable. On the 22nd and 23rd the command exercised at company drill; the first day at Hardee's tactics and light infantry, and the second at the bayonet exercise. I required all the company officers to drill, giving the necessary explanations previous to the execution of any command. They were generally very well instructed in tactics. The companies executed their movements in a manner displaying much are in their instruction. Much of the credit for the great degree of excellence in the military duties of this command is due to Lieutenant-Colonel West and Major Rigg, both of whom have been untiring in their efforts to make their regiment little short of regular troops. All their orders to secure this end indicate a knowledge of men and a familiarity with the details of the service. The company books were neat, and the clothing accounts properly kept. The reports and returns required in Regulations have been regularly furnished. In this, as in all other commands in the district, I find that the men have been permitted to overdraw their allowance of clothing, many of them even exceeding eighteen months' allowance. This was owing to a want of experience on the part of company commanders and the impression that all accounts of this character were to be settled annually.

In the recent payment of the troops in this district the excess was generally deducted on the pay-rolls, so that the error is partially corrected and not likely to occur again. Agreeably to instructions, several earth-works have been thrown up at different points around the barracks for the protection of the position from assault. In executing this it was necessary to instruct the men in making gabions and fascines, with which dutye they are now familiar. The tracing of the works is, to speak critically, defective, but when you recollect that the whole was executed by officers who had no previous experience and no military works to refer to, it is altogether one of the most creditable undertakings and executed in a manner worthy of commendation. The police of the garrison was very good, and everything indicated that the place was garrisoned by a well-disciplined regiment. The howitzers sent to Fort Yuma by the department commander were mounted on a commanding position and a detachment well and regularly instructed by an officer of the regiment who had served in the Army. I had not winspected all the troops connected with Colonel Carleton's expedition, and in every respect found them, so far as equipment and clothing were concerned, provided as the general commanding desired they should be for active service in the field. The condition and quality of the supplies pertaining to staff department will be found in another part of this report.

Returning I arrived at Camp Latham on the 10th of May. The camp is under the command of Colonel Forman, Fourth Infantry, and its garrison consists of three companies of the Second Cavalry under Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, and three companies and headquarters of the Fourth Infantry. I inspected and reviewed the companies of cavalry (D, G, and I) on the following day. The men rode very well and management of their horses was excellent. The clothing of these companies was in a most wretched condition; much of the material was evidently made of shoddy and was actually rotten when received, while other parts had so faded that all trace of the original color was lost. This was particularly so with the pantaloons and caps. The equipments generally were in pretty good order, as were also the arms. In the latter, however, many small parts in quite a number of pieces were

