
wanting, such as screws, &amp;c., which have been lost, no doubt in consequence of the men being permitted to take their arms to pieces. I called the special attention of company commanders of General Orders, Numbers 2, on that subject. The company books were neatly and carefully kept, and the messing well conducted. These companies were exercised at squadron and platoon drill, mounted and dismounted, and acquitted themselves very creditably. All the officers were familiar with the tactics and appear zealous in the discharge of all their duties. At least 90 or 100 of the horses pertaining to these companies are unserviceable for active operations. Most, if not all these, were transferred from the First Cavalry and replaced to these companies are unserviceable for active operations. Most, if not all these, were transferred from the First Cavalry and replaced by taking good, serviceable horses from the Second Cavalry. This was done by order of the district commander; the consequence is that the command in its present condition is not fitted for field service. For some time after this exchange very serious results were apprehended, for the taking way their horses came near demoralizing the whole command. It was only the assurance that the department commander would give them an equally good remount that satisfied them that they were not entirely neglected. The system of detachments carried on in this district has done much to weaken the authority of company commanders and interfere with the instruction of the men and officers. Nevertheless Lieutenant-Colonel Evans has, under all these adverse circumstances, kept his command in as good condition for service as could possibly have been expected. He is certainly one of the best and most reliable volunteer officers I met in the district. I reviewed and inspected the infantry battalion in marching order on the 11th. Their marching was very unsteady, and it is very evident that but little care has been taken in the instruction of these companies. Their clothing, equipments, and arms were in excellent condition. The company books were well kept and the messing arrangements of the companies very good. The hospital, under the direction and charge of Surgeon Todd, Fourth Infantry, was very neat and clean; the sik were made very comfortable. The doctor represents that many of the sick were made very comfortable. The doctor represents that many of the sick belong to companies on or beyond the Colorado, and are here without descriptive lits. I gave the necessary directions in the matter, and suggested the propriety of discharging those of them who were permanently injured.

STAFF DEPARTMENTS.

FOR YUMA.

Second Lieutenant Barrett, First Infantry, discharges the duties of quartermaster and commissary at the post and depot. He appears zealous in the performance of the duties assigned him, and in the transaction of the business pertaining to these departments proves himself both competent and faithful. The amount of quartermaster's fund son hand was $21. 30. The amount actually paid out from november 1, 1861, to April 1, 1862, was $253. 85, of which $145 was for secret service, by direction of Colonel Carleton, district commander. The outstanding indebtedness of this department is $2,860, incurred principally as follows: For guides and expressmen, $961; mechanics, $76; interpreter, $325; teamsters and extra-duty men, $966; purchase of implements and manta, $552. There was a sufficient amount of clothing on hand to meet the wants of the command; it was in good condition. There was on hand 5,184 pairs of infantry bootees, 1,721 flannel shirts, 800 cotton shirts, 4,252 pairs of drawers, 5,928 pairs of stockings,

