
1,023 blankets, 1,832 toursers. This, in addition to the amount of clothing then en route, of which the quartermaster had received invoices. There was in store and en route (invoices received) 161,000 pounds of barley; a large quantity had already been thrown forward to points on the Gila. Most of the barley received at this depot by steamer was in very bad condition, owing partly to the sacks being defective, but principally caused by rough handling. The result has been very great wastage. There are but two citizens employed, one as carpenter, the other as wagon maker. The services of one of these can, I think, be dispensd with now that the trains have passed beyond the extra-duty men. I would respectfully recommend that instructions be given to have the quartermaster's store-house floored. It is very much needed and would add much to the security and preservation of best floor would be one made of cement. The clothing room is quite dry and admirably adapted for storing clothing. I have been thus minute in stating the amount of clothing actually on hand because of the general's desire that Colonel Carleton's command should have everything necessary to insure its success and the comfort of the men.

The total amount of subsistence funds received since November 1, 1861, is $ 3,461. 67. The expenditure for the same period has been $3,378. 02, leaving a balance on hand April 1, 1862, of $83. 65. The principal part of this expenditure has been for the purchase, under contract, of fresh beef. The outstanding indebtedness is $3,204. 49. The amount of subsistence stores on hand and en route, 230 barrels of pork, 2,100 barrels of flour, 11,000 pounds of hominy, 800 bushels of beans, 15,000 pounds of rice, 37,000 pounds of coffee, 54,000 pounds of sugar, and about 10,000 pounds desiccated vegetables, as also a proportionate amount of less important parts of the rations. Stores sent by steamer to this point are generally delivered in bad condition; many packages are broken and all more or less injured, and large wastage is reported. The packages in which sugar and rice are sent from here are very bad and I would suggest that some other mode of packing for these stores be resorted to. There is no difficulty in preserving pork, candles, and soap if stored in the cellar of the building on the hill, which is now used for the purpose; but great wastage is reported on molasses, vinegar, pickles, and whisky. This is owing to the shrinkage of the vessels containing these stores, and, although several have been tried, no place has yet been devised preventing this loss. It would be advisable to send pickles in galss jars to this post, otherwise they cannot be preserved. In the absence of other vegetables the commissary has purchased and issued pumpkins, which are relished by the troops. The ordnance at this post was generally in a serviceable condition. What was not required at the post will be sent to Benicia Arsenal.

CAMP WRIGHT.

The quartermaster's and subsistence departments at this camp were under the immediate control of Lieutenant Bayley, Fifth Infantry. This officer was totally ignorant of his duties, and I had to depend for accurate information on the quartermaster and commissary se camp has been entirely supplied from the depot at New San Pedro, the only expenditure has been the pay of extra-duty men. The outstanding indebtedness for this purpose dows not exceed $20. The amount of quartermaster's stores on hand include 1,500 sacks of barley,

