
800 horseshoes, and 900 muleshoes. As all the trains belonging to Carleton's expedition had passed this point previous to my inspection, most of these articles will have to be sent elsewhere, for they will not be required by the few expressmen who pass over the route. The indebtedness of the commissary who pass over the route. The indebtedness of the commissary department is $118. 50, principally incurred in the purchase of fresh beef. There was on hand May 6 about 10,000 rations, except that there was of sugar, pork, and beans, respectively, 25,000, 20,000, and 10,000 rations. Nearly all of this amount would be over and above what could be required by the part of Carleton's command yet to pass Camp Wright. If the camp is to be broken up, directions should be given to have these stores removed to some point where they will be required.

CAMP LATHAM.

First Lieutenant D. J. Williamson, regimental quartermaster Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, the quartermaster and commissary for this command, is intelligent and active in the discharge of his duties. He had just been assigned to them. He reports great irregularity in the discharge of these duties by his predecessors, and as evidence of the fact stoates that much of the public property in use is not borne on any of their returns. I advised him to take up all government property found in camp, stating its condition. Many of the tents are much worn and were being repaired. The only outstanding indebtedness at this camp pertains to the subsistence department, and was principally for the purchase of fresh beef.

SAN PEDRO DEPOT.

Lieutenant F. A. Morgan, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, is in charge of the depot at this place. He is represented as a man of strict integrity and excedingly zealous in discharging his duties. His accounts are regularly and correctly made out, and, what is much in his favor, gives his personal attention to the business intrusted to his care. The outstanding ine quartermaster's department is $21,635. 14, of which $4,125 is for purchase of mules by Captain Moore, but taken up on Lieutenant Morgan's accounts, and the balance princiapply for the purchase of barley and pay of teamsters. The amount of money on hand was $61. 77, received for sale of public property. I found in store quite a number of carpenter's and mason's tooks, which I advised Lieutenant Morgan to have carefully packed and in readinss to be used should they be required for Lieutenant-Colonel evans' expedition; also 70 Sibley, 20 wall, and 25 common tents, more or less worn, 50 pack-saddles complete, and 1,900 pounds of nails. The new buildings used of store-houses are admirably adapted for this purpose, although the ground on which they are located is very damp; yet I think they are raised sufficiently high to prevent any injurious effects.

At present there are no teams at the disposal of the depot quartermaster, consequently transportation for all stores landed on the wharfhas to be hired to transport them to the warehouses, a distance of about 200 or 300 yards, which costs $1. 50 per ton. This has cost the Government during part of the month of May, 1862, $725. 25, enough almost to have purchased the mules for one team. A corral is much needed at this point for securing the animals belonging to trains coming in for supplies; there is abundance of room on the lot ceded by Mr. Banning both for this purpose and any sheds it may be necessary to erect. The

