
inhabitants of this State to the effect that they may cross the Colorado River and take advantage of the gold diggings recently discovered and sell their produce and goods to the forces under your command. And the government has no dobut but that its inhabitants will find it to their further advantage the cultivate the best of relationship with your citizens, who, for many reasons, must be considered as both friends and brothers. On behalf of this government you ought to be fully satisfied, dear colonel, that all my movements will correspond with the friendly demonstrations which you may manifest toward me; I following always the express orders which I have received from the Government of the Union and my own sentiments; because you will readily comprehend, dear colonel, that besides the great political interest which this Republic has in cultivating friendship and limited relations with its neighbor of the United States, my political sympathies have been and always will be with those nations which are so fortunate as to be governed by purely democratic institutions.

The government of this State considers the assertions circulated by Mr. Reily (and to which you refer in the latter part of your communication) as exaggerated, or perhaps badly interpreted, and it even esteems, as it ought to, your delicacy or politeness in not exacting an expalantion of this mater. But this delicacy corresponded compels me to make know to you that no arrangement nor agreement was entered into between the forces or authorities of the States called Confederate and this government, although it is true we offered them all the rights of the neutrality circular which we have been compelled to adopt in the question now agitatintes. This does not interfere in any way with arrangements or compromises which have no existence, nor does it offer any more than that which can be granted without failing in the duties of hospitality. Be assured, dear colonel, I give you my most expressive thanks for the sympathy which you manifest for our people and our government, expressed in terms which at once set forth both your gentility and your refined education. The government repeats that these sympathies being reciprocal, I shall be compelled to correspond as far as possible, and on every occasion that compelled to correspond as far as possible, and on every occasion that may present itself. And now, dear colonel, is the time for me to offer you my distiguished consideration and esteem. Liberty and reformation.

I. PESQUEIRA.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., June 2, 1862.

His Excellency JAMES W. NYE,

Governor of Nevada Territory, Carson City, Nev. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Your Excellency's communication of the 28th ultimo. A few days since orders were sent to Captain Rowe to concentrate his whole company and take a position at or in the vicinity of Adobe Valley, in which region of country he will remain for the present. I am highly gratified to learn from Your Excellency that the Indians within your supreitendency are peaceable and prosperous, and to assure Your Excellency that I shall always be ready to afford active co-operation to maintain this state of affairs.

With great respect, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

