
you to continue on this duty with the men under your command. You will continue to make your returns and reports to these headquarters, even though you pass beyond the limits of this military department. You will notify Lieutenant Mullan of the general's orders on this subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 105. Fort Walla Walla, June 5, 1862.

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 14, headquarters District of Oregon, the undersigned hereby assumes command of this post.

T. R. CORNELIUS,

Colonel First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, Commanding Post.

ARCATA, June 6, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel OLNEY,

Commanding Humboldt Military District, Fort Humboldt:

DEAR SIR: I inform you herewith that the report came in this evening that the Indians have attacked, some two hours ago, Mr. Stillman Daley's house, on Mad River, five miles from town, and have murdered Mrs. dalley and their children, with exception of one child, which was hid in the brush. A party of citizens have started out to the place to find the dead bodies.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

H. MANNHEIM.

P. S. -Just now I am informed that the Indians have murdered Mr. Daley's hired man and the two soldiers who were stationed there belonging to Captain Johns' command, Fort Gaston.

H. M.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., June 6, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Herewith I have the honor to transmit a communication from Brigadier-General Carleton, commanding Column from California; also one from Lieutenant-Colonel west, commanding the advance at the Pima Villages, dated on the 17th and 13th of May. * These letters contain the lates advices I have received from General Carleton's command. With reference to the Indian goods mentioned in these letters, I beg leave to submit the following explanation: I ordered the quarter master's department to purchase certain articles sutiable for trading with the Indians, such as manta, prints, &c., and turn them over to the quartermaster of General Carleton's command. This was done on the score of economy, as the purchases of supplies from the Indians in Arizona and New Mexico can be made on much more favorable terms by paying in goods than by paying in cash. Under these circumstances I trust that the department will approve of my action. I have no later

---------------

*See pp. 1077, 1070.

---------------

