
news from District of Oregon than contained in my report of the 30th ultimo. I have broken up the recruiting rendezvous of the Third Artillery and Ninth Infantry in this city. Want of success in obtaining recruits is attributable in a great measure to the excitement consequent on the discovery of rich mines in various quarters. I have ordered Captain Stewart, Third Artillery, to report at these headquarters for special duty. I wish him to make a critical inspection of the troops, and particularly of the staff departments at several remote stations.

With great respect, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., June 6, 1862.

Captain JULIAN McALLISTER,

Ordnance Corps, Commanding Benicia Arsenal, Benicia, Cal.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of yesterday I am directed by the general commanding the department to inform you that when the three companies of Connor's regiment now in the Humboldt District join their regiment there will probably be about 800 infantry on the line and at Salt Lake.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP LATHAM, SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

June 6, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I am really afraid that I shall be ranked in that most unenviable position in the Army, as a grumbler, but taking the chances and hoping for the best I musk speak. The steamer Senator arrived here yesterday, and on her came 120 horses, not good serviceable horses as the order, a copy of which you forwarded me, required, but a mixed lot of Amexican and Spanish animals, the most of them too poor to do service until they are fed and groomed for at least a month, instead of horses coming from Captain DeMerritt that had been grain fed and fit for service. The order requiring the naimsl to be sent by this steamer has been complied with in letter, but not in spirit. Captain DeMerritt that had been grain fed and fit for service. The order requiring the animals to be sent by this steamer has been complied with in letter, but not in spirit. Captain DeMerritt has not turned over a single horse, except some that had been condemned; and all the horses that cam down are the refuse horses that the quartermaster had on hand and running out on a ranch near San Francisco. It does seem to me that it is a poor rule that won't work both ways. If it was right for Colonel Carleton because the "exigencies of the service required it" to take my best horses when my men had worked on them for eight months to get them gentled, drilled, and in condition for service, and turn over to my officer in place of the animals taken, the refuse and condemned horses of the First Cavalry, certainly I have a right to ask that the companies of my command, now that they are under orders for actual service, may be equipped and mounted properly, even to the taking of the horses from the pet Company F if necessary, who have no use for anything more than ponies to

71 R R-VOL L, PT I

