
ride around the city with. Not more thanone-hlaf of the horses that came down are fit for service at any time, and two-thirds of them are not fit for service at the present time, and will not be until they have at least one month's feed and attention. I write this letter because I know from the reading of the order and from seeing he horses that came down that the general has been trifled with, and as I said before, the letter of the order has been obeyed, and the spirit and intention of it intentionally avoided. I am informed by Captain Goodman that there was no water on the vessel for the horses, and that they were not watered from the time that they left San Francisco until their arrival here, except at San Luis Obispo, where they were allowed one bucket each; and that although the invoice of the horses contains an item of 6,000 pounds of hay and no grain to feed them, that, in fact, there was but eight or nine bales of hay, and that the horses suffered for ood as well as water; all of which, of course, places them in a condition for everything else rather than immediate service. Captain Goodman also informs me that he receipted for the hay and for 121 horses upon the representation made to him that they were placed on board of the steamer before he came down, and that upon landing the animals there was found to be only 120. I have received no order from Colonel Forman about the expedition, and don't know when I am to start or what arrangements have been made. I am almost as much in the dark as you are at San francisco. Had I been allowed the privilege of fitting out my own expedition I should have ben at Owen's Lake before this, and at an expense to the Government of less than one-half what it will cost under the present arrangements, so far as I can learn. I have made application to Colonel Forman for information as to how I am to do, what number of men I am to take, and for positive orders as to whether I am to build temporary quarters and prepare for the winter, or not, &amp;c., and have asked for two howitzers and for money to pay the expenses of the trip, to all of which I have received no answer and am still in the dark. Since you were here twelve more men have been taken from the Second Cavalry are being used as teamsers; that, too, when there are plenty of infantry all through the district to perform such duty, and in direct conflict, it seems to me, of paragraph 910 of U. S. Army Regulations. Again, I have but two captains and two lieutenants for the three companies here, Lieutenants Buffum Pierce, Morris, and Oliver having resigned and Captain McLaughlin being at Fort Yuma awaiting order from headquarters; so you can easily see that I will start off pretty much with my fingers in my mouth, without any officers and with but fe men; and, more than all, with no positve orders from any one of what I am to do, more than that I am to go to Owen's River. I don't even know who I am to report to; whether this Owen's River country is in this district or not, and if in this district whether it is commanded by Colonel Bowie or by Colonel Forman. If by Colonel Bowie, how am I to report to him and ask for any information or instructions that I may require when he is at Fort Yuma and I at Owen's Lake? I am more than anxious that the expedition should not be a failure, not only for my own reputation, but for the reputation of the general commanding as well as the good name of the Government, and I must confess that I can't see how it can be anything else than a failure, unless I am furnished some means, the howitzers, and have some say so about its management.

