
By giving these matters your attention at your earliest convenience, you will confer a special favor on very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. EVANS,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Cavalry Califonria Vols., Commanding Battalion.

P. S. -Two of the horses that came down are so badly injured that I will have to have them shot.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 67. Fort Humboldt, June 6, 1862-Midnight.

1. Second Lieutennat Davis, Second Cavalry California-Volunteers, will proceed immediately to Daley's Ferry with a detachment of fourteen men of Company E, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, on a scout in search of the Indians that have committed the depredations at that place.

2. The commander at Fort Lyon will immediately furnish any assistance which may be required by Lieutenant Davis to facilitate him in his operations.

* *

By order of Lieutenant Colonel J. N. Olney:

JOHN HANNA, JR.,First Lieutenant and Adjt. Second Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash, Ter., June 6, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of communications from department headquarters under dates of the 12th, 16th, 20th, 19th, and 27th ultimo. As previously advised, Colonel Cornelius and staff with two companies of his regiment have left for Fort Walla Walla. They were hearrd from a few days since as far as Umatilla River and progressing in good condition. They have no doubt been at Fort Walla Walla some days. Four companies of this regiment are now at Camp Clackamas, below Oregon City, completing their company organization in compliance with orders from these headquarters, and awaiting their arms and clothing preparatory to moving to Fort Walla Walla. The order for Lieutenant-colonel Maury to leave one company of his battalion at Jacksonville did not reach him until he was so far advanced on his march toward his present camp as to find it impracticable to send the company back. Presuming that you are already informed as to the non-compliance of Lieutenant-Colonel Maury with the order referred to, and in the absence in this officer of instructions, I await further orders. If the demand for troops at Jacksonville could be supplied from any other source, and in view of the very probable demand for all of these companies east of the Cascades, I recommend that the four companies be permitted to move to Fort Walla Walla. Under date of the 17th ultimo I requested the approval of the commanding general to the assignment of Lieutenant Hughes, Ninth Infantry, as acting assistant

