
adjutant-general at these headquarters. I have respectfully to renew the request and report increasing necessity for his services in that capacity.

In obedience to your instructions dated 27th ultimo, J. C. Ainworth, president of the Oregon Steam Navigation Company, has been advised of the consent of the commanding general to the construction of a railroad over the military reserve of Fort Cascades. A clause in the communication of the general commanding refers to the "prepartion for service of the three companies of the First Washington Territory Infantry to take the place of three companies of the Second California Infantry, required at Fort Humboldt to relieve the same number of companies of the Third California Infantry under orders for the protection of the Overland Mail Route. " The four companies of First washington Territory Infantry now at this post are rapidly progressing in all the soldierly qualities to fit them for any service. Under the careful and judicious direction of Major Lugenbeel, commanding the post, a high degree of military efficiency has been attained, and I feel no hesitation in instrusting both officers and men at distant post. I regret very much that the movement involves the withdrawal from this district of Major Curtis from Fort Colville. The period of my command of this district, although shot, has highly impressed me with his admirable qualities as a soldier. I propose, in compliance with the wishes indicated in the commanding general's letter, to relieve this officer by Major Rumrill, with two reliable companies now at this post. The distance between here and Fort Colville will of necessity involve some time in making the required disposition, and in view of the demand mentioned for the peculair service of the Third Infantry and my own impressions for dispatch, the movement will be promoted at once. The third company of Second Infantry California Volunteers is at Fort Hoskins, &amp;c., occupying a peculiarly important position. The relieving of this company, with e of the complicated duties of its officers, will be referred to in another communication.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 6, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: In pursuance of directions from the commanding general of the department, Company B, Second Infantry California Volunteers, at Fort Hoskins, will be relieved by Company D, First washington territory Infantry, Captin Seidenstriker. I have selected this company, composed almost entirely of Germans, for duty at that place from my impression of their entire reliability in the trusts involved. The officers are intelligent, worthy, and well informed, and the men particularly subordinate. A detachment of the company at present posted at Fort Hoskins is now serving at Fort Umpqua, and should this latter post be deemed of sufficient importance it will be necessary to relieve it. I have recently bee in communication with well-informed persons from that section of country (among others Major Alvord, lately returned from Fort Umpqua), and am impressed of the entire inutility of a military force of any size at the mouth of the Umpqua. When first established it was the thoroughfare of the Indians from the reservation on

