HDQRS. ADVANCE GUARD, COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Tuscon, June 7, 1862.

Captain EDWARD B. WILLIS,

Company A, First Infantry California Volunteers:

With twelve picked men of your company, with fifty rounds ammunition each and rations, including pemmican, to the 10th instant, your will march this evening to San Xavier; to-morrow take the road to Calabazas Ranch; three miles from San Xavier, on the left of the road behind some corrals, you will find water; twenty-two miles farther on the bed of a stream lies on the right of the road among some large cottonwoods. Five miles farther on take the right-hand for of the road, cross the creek, where you will find a large abode house inclosed by a wall. Encamp there and await further orders. The acting assistant quartermaster will furnish you with a large light wagon and 300 pounds of forage. Should you meet Indians let them be the agressors in any hostilities.

Your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 68. Fort Humboldt, June 7, 1862.

I. Captain Douglas, Second Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed immediately to Fort Lyon, or the vicinity of Mad River, and take the general direction and command of the detachments herein ordered to co-operate in pursuing and exterminating the band of Indians engaged in the murders and depredations at Daley's Ferry.

II. Captain Ketcham, Third Infantry California Volunteerss, will immediately march with all the men of his command that can be speedily collected (leaving a sufficient guard at the camp) and cross Mad River at or above the Weaverville trail, and scout the country bordering on the river and in a westerly direction toward Fort Lyon, unless otherwise directed by Captain Douglas.

III. Lieutenant Gonnison, Second Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed at Fort Lyon and take command of a detachment consisting of all the available force at that post, to be detailed by Captain Heffernan (leaving a sufficient guard at the camp), and immediately upon receiving directions from Captain Douglas proceed to co-operate in the mmovement herein ordered.

IV. Captain Douglas will order all the available force of his own company (leaving a sufficient camp guard) to unite in this movement.

V. Lieutenant Flynn, Second Infantry California Volunteers, will immediately with all his available force (leaving a sufficient camp guard) proceed to co-operate in the movement herein ordered, by scouting along the banks of the Van Dusen in a northeasterly direction, and thence toward Fort Lyon, subject, however, to specific orders from Captain Douglas.

* *

By order of Lieutenant Colonel Jamed N. Olney:

JOHN HANNA, JR.,First Lieutenant and Adjt. Second Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military Distirct.

