
warded return of Companies A, C, D, and F, of the Oregon cavalry, showing an aggregate of 326 enlisted men, 3 field and 12 company officers. Camp Clackamas, near Oregon City, affords a good location for his command for temporary purposes. I am advised that clothing and arms have been received, and in a few days the equipment of these troops will be complete. A detachment of Company C (Captain Kelly's) will beretained at this post until the battalion marches to Fort Walla Walla, when it will be taken up en route. Recent advices from department headquarters mention that one company of this battalion was ordered to remain at Jacksonville, Oreg. As stated in my communication of the 6th of June, Lieutenant-Colonel Maury did not receive the order referred to until he was so far on his way north as to make it impracticable to send the company back. The wishes of the commanding general will no doubt be received here for the disposition of this company in time to prevent any embarrassment in the movement of the battalion. Under date of the 5th instant I am advised of the safe arrival of Colonel Cornelius and his command at Fort Walla Walla on the 3rd instant. The colonel has assumed command of that post, and in obedience to instructions will make a detailed report at an early moment of its condition and that of the troops and material under him. Reports from the country east of Fort Walla Walla indicated the necessity for the early concentration of the Oregon cavalry at that post, and active measures to push them forward to the mining country on Samon River and the emigrant trail toward Fort Hall. Although most of these troops have been six months in service they are sadly deficient in drill and discipline. This defect, incident to embarrassments in the organization of the regiment and other causes, will I trust be corrected by the attention and energetic efforts of the officers, now that they are placed on duty in this district. Directions and instructions have been full and authoritative from these headquarters, and they should in all respects be impressed with their duties and obligations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantr, Commanding District.

[Inclosure.] SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 17. Fort Vancounter, Wash. Ter., June 10, 1862.

I. Lieutenant-Colonel Maury, First Oregon Cavalry, will establish a temporary camp near the mouth of Clackamas River, Oreg., with Companies A, D, and F, and the detachment of Company C, now under his command.

II. Detachment of Company C, First Oregon Cavalry, under command of Captain Kelly, will report to the commanding officer at Fort Vancouver for temporary duty at that post.

III. Prompt and active measures will be taken by the troops above indicated for the march at an early date to Fort Walla Walla, and with this view the commanding officer of the battalion will direct the careful and proper equipment of his command and the necessary prepartions for the march.

IV. Daily reports will be made to the headquarters from Camp Clackamas.

By order of Colonel Steinberger:

WM. B. HUGHES,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

