
V. On his return to Camp Swasey, Lieutenant Flynn will at once take such measures as he may judge necessary for the protection of Hydesville and the neighboring settlements. He is authorized to use for this purpose a detachment at Cooper's Mills, if needed.

VI. The detachments from Companies F and K, Second Infantry California Volunteers, including Lieutenant Dobbins' command, will report to Captain Douglas, who will continue the operations in the field at this discretion until further orders.

VII. All Indian prisoners taken will be reserved as hostages for the return of the child captured at Daley's Ferry.

VIII. Every white man found in arms among the Indians will be hanged on the spot.

* *

By report of Colonel Lippitt:

WM. F. SWASEY,

1st Lieutenant and Regimental Quartermaster 2nd Infty. Cal. Vols., Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Humboldt Mil. District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 11, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: All the records of the fomrer Department of Oregon up to the 21st January, 1861, and to the time when it was merged into the Department of the Pacific, were ordered to be sent to San Francisco, and I am informed are now at department headquarters. Among them are many reports rom officers commanding expeditions to the country east of the Cascade Mountain, and in a district to be occupied during the present summer by the troops of this command, as well as orders directing their movements, &amp;c. Much valuable information is contained in these records that it will be difficult if not impossible to obtain at the present time here. With the view to secure a correct knowledge of the country along the emigrant trail from Fort Hall to Walla Walla, and the adjacent country, as well as the orders directing their movements, I have the honor respectfully to request that the quarters of any reports and orders referred tothat wills ecure the purpose indicated. I have directed the commanding officer at Fort Walla Walla to furnish me with all the information he can collect that may be useful in the movements of troops east of that post for the protection of settlers in the mining countryand of the emigration this season to Oregon and Washington Territory; yet I am convinced that the papers and books I refer to will supply data that he cannot procure. If this request is complied with the most reliable and prompt means of transportation will be steamer express.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.

[JUNE 11, 1862. -For Carleton to Canby, relative to co-operation of movement in driving rebels from New Mexico, see p. 95, and for appointment of Benjamin Clarke Cutler as secretary of state of the Territory of Arizona, &c., see Vol. IX, p. 692.]

