HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., June 11, 1862.

Major DAVID FERGUSSON,

First California Volunteer Cavalry, Chief Commissary:

MAJOR: You will proceed, suitably escorted, to Magdalena in Sonora and ascertain the resources in the way of forage and subsistence of that part of the country and the prices at which responsible parties are willing to forward supplies and deliver them at this place for the use of the troops under my command. Sugar, flour, beef on the hoof, mutton on the hoof, salt, wheat, corn, barley, &amp;c., are comprised in the list of articles which we require. Make the most favorable arrangement you can for the public interest to deliver to this point by the 30th instant say, 80,000 or 100,000 pounds of good sweet flour, to be paid for in cash on delivery; and at the same time see what, say, 200 good fat beeves can be delivered for perhead at Tucson. Encourage the people of Sonora in every laudable way to bring in for sale to the troops all kinds of subsistence, fruits, forage, &c., and cultivate with them such feelings of kindness and good neighborhood as shall show to them that we are friends who wish to deal honorably and frankly and pay fairly for what we get.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 12, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have nothing later from Brigadier-General Carleton's command than was reported in my communication of yesterday. I have this morning received reports from Colonel Lippitt, commanding the District of Humboldt. The colonel has ten companies of infantry and one of cavalry atively engaged in subduing the Indians in his district. Nearly 300 Indians have been collected and brought into Fort Humboldt preparatory to their removal to the reservation; still there is a srong band of Indians, well armed, who are constantly attacking small parties and isolated settlements. This band must be subdued and captured before we can have peace throughout that region. The country presents almost insurmoutable obstacles to the movements of the troops. The dense forests, with obscure trails, which obscure trails, with which the Indians are well acquainted, afford them every advantage. Nevertheless, Colonel Lipptt and the troops under his command have exhibited a zeal, energy, and perseverance with must ultimately result in success. Colonel Conor, Third Infantry California Volunteers, is, with his regiment, encamped near Stockton. Transportation and supplies are being collected for a movement on the Overland Mail Route as soon as the mountain road is passable for wagons. The department quartermaster-general, Lieutenant-Colonel Babbitt, is now closing his contracts for the transportation of supplies to Ruby Valley, and also to Salt Lake. From the District of Oregon I have nothing special to report. Colonel Steinberger having relieved Lieutenant-Colonel Cady in command of the District of Oregon, I have authorized the latter officer to remain at Fort Vancouver for the present, he being in ill health and receiving medical treatment by the surgeon at that post. Most of the volunteer regiments of California require a considerable number of recruits to fill

