
them up. Owing to the pressing wants of the service, companies were organized at the minimum number and hastily thrown out to remote posts to relieve the regular troops ordered East. Those companies have received no accessions to their numbers since that time, and have been, in fact, materially reduced by the casualties of the service. Under these circumstances I would respectfully ask that authority be granted to fill the volunteer regiments in this department by reopening the recruiting stations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, June 12, 1862.

(Received 7 p. m. 24th.)

Adjutant-General THOMAS:

I request that the U. S. marshal in this city be required to remove trespassers on Government reservations under act of March 3, 1807.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

RUSS HOUSE, San Francisco, June 12, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Pacific Division, U. S. Army:

DEAR SIR: The citizens of Humboldt County, at a public meeting held at the court-house in Eureka on the 9th and 10th instant, delegated me to lay before you the present alarming condition of Indian affairs in that section of the State and to secure if ossible further assistance to enable the officer in command of that district by more vigorous action to kill or capture the armed bands of murderous savages now laying waste the country. This is the only way, I beg to suggest, by which to bring the present hostilities to a speedy close and to prevent the war now being waged by these Indians from being protracted indefinitely, and thereby causing the further sacrifice of the lives and property of our people at the hands of the savages. I inclose herewith an extra from the office of the Humboldt Times, which will give you the particulars of the more recent daring outrages and containing also the proceedings of the public meeting to which I have referred.

Trusting that it will be in your power to extend relief to the people in that section without any great delay, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALTER VAN DYKE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., June 12, 1862.

Honorable W. VAN DYKE,

San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknoweldge the receipt of your communication of this date, inclosing an extra from the office of the Humboldt Times. For several months past the Indian difficulties in the District of Humboldt have been watched over with much anxiety. Colonel Lippitt, an officer of much ability, was placed in the immediate command, and the zeal, perseverance, and energy which have been displayed by the colonel and those under his orders have thus far been

