
cisco, October 1, 1861, addressed to Colonel B. L. Beall, Fort Vancouver, and signed R. C. Drum, assistant adjutant-general, as follows:

Notify the regular troops in the District of Oregon to be in readiness to be relieved by volunteers. Recall the detachment now-with Lieutenant Mullan. All the regulars go to New York. By order.

Presuming that it is the wish of the general commanding the department that these troops be distributed to the different companies to which they belong, unless otherwise ordered when they arrive here, those belonging to Major Lugenbeel's company (A) will be retained at this post. The remainder, under Lieutenant Marsh, will be sent by steamer to San Juan Island, leaving at Camp Pickett the detachment belonging to Company C (Captain Bissell's); and thence to San Francisco the remaining detachments belonging to companies not in this district. The transportation employed by this escort not beng required at this post, (and the demands involved in the movement of troops from Fort Walla Walla referred to in another communication), will be directed to be turned over at the latter post. I have the honor to request instructions at an early moment that will make any change in the contemplated disposal of these troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., June 13, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS,

Washington, D. C.:

What orders have been sent for Brigadier-General Alvord?

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

CAMP NYE, WASHOE VALLEY,

Five Miles north of Carson City, Nev. Ter., June 13, 1862.

Captain R. W. KIRKHAM,

Asst. Quartermaster and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, San Francisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor respectfully to report that I arrived at this place from Susanville on yesterday. I left Carson City on the 29th ultimo, and proceeded by easy marches through Washoe, Pleasant, Long, and Honey Lake Vallesy to Susanville, making the march in seven days. A severe attack of paralysis prevented Governor Nye from accompanying me on the expedition. Everything is quiet in the country through which I passed. At Susanville much complaint is made by the settlers of thefts committed by the Indians. I am of the opinion that these complaints are well founded. At a meeting of the citizens of Honey Lake Valley the inclosed communication was prepared and addressed to me. It contains the names of many of the most prominent citizens of the valley. I take the liberty of forwarding it to you for the consideration of the department commander. The day after my arrival at Susanville I sent out a scouting party to Willow Creek Valley. The day following I sent another party in the direction of Pitt River. Neither of the parties succeeded in meeting any

72 R R-VOL L, PT I

