
[Inclosure.] Captain GEORGE F. PRICE, Company M, Second California Volunteers:

The undersigned citizens of Honey Lake Valley, would respectfully represent that ever since the settlement of this valley we have been annoyed by the depredations of hostile Indians; that according to the best information we can obtain this valley does not belong to any particular tribe, but was the common resort of the Pah-Utes, Shoshones, Modocs, Pitts, and Bannocks, and consequently the valley is subject to the depredations of all these tribes, and it is very difficult to fasten the roguery where it belongs. One tribe will commit outrages and lay it to the others. Also, that there has never been an Indian agent in this valley, and no attention paid to the most of the tribes who arein the constant habit of molesting us; also that there are several portions of these different bands who are renegades from their tribes, and whose location is in the country cast and north of us, watered by Smoke Creek, Willow Creek, and outlets from Eagle Lake. These renegades are subject to no treaties made with the head sof their different tribes, but are under the control of petty chiefs, who rove about the frontiers stealing stock and killing small parties of whites. Our northern frontier is that character of country well adapted to these thievish bands, and which will never be settled by whites. In the last four years there have been no less than 3,000 head of stock stolen from this valley and eleven of our citizens killed. We have been obliged to turn our armed parties every spring, and have been and are subject to expense and annoyance which we do not feel able to bear. We claim to be loyal citizens, and as such as are entitled to the protection of our Government. We therefore most decidedly object to the removal of your company from this valley, and, if such must be the case, we ask that you use your influence for the establishment of a permanent post here immediately.

JOHN S. WARD,

H. S. BONETTE, M. D.,

JOHN H. NEALE,

[AND 48 OTHERS.]
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, June 13, 1862.

Captain WILLIAM M. JOHNS,

Third Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Fort Gaston:

CAPTAIN: By on order from department headquarters, Company G, Second Infntry California Volunteers, at Fort Ter-Waw, is directed to proceed to Smith's River, calling in the detachment at Elk Camp. You are hereby directed to send a detachment of twenty men with an officer to that post immediately to relieve Lieutenant Shepheard and his command stationed there. You will not detach Lieutenant Schindler or Lieutenant Campbell from their companies, if it can possibly be avoided. The officer you send in command will promptly report to these headquarters his arrival there, and the departure of Lieutenant Shepheard's command. Leaving always a sufficient force at his post for its protection, he will be instructed to operate actively against the Indians in every direction, taking care not to moles the Klamath or Hoopa Indians unless they should commit or threaten some act of hostility. He will make regular reports of his operations on the 1st and 15th of every month to the commanding officer at Fort Gaston, who will transmit them to these headquarters. He will continue under the

