
orders of the commander at Fort Gaston, but will draw his supplies from Fort Humboldt. Rations for twenty men to the 6th of July are now at Elk Camp.

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

JOHN HANNA, JR.,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. Second Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 110. Fort Walla Walla, June 13, 1862.

Captain E. J. Harding, First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, will take four non-commissioned officers and seventeen privates of his company and proceed to-morrow morning to the Umatilla Indian Reservation and furnish the Indian agent there such assistance as may be in his power and point. Captain Harding will report to the commanding officer for special instructions.

By order of Colonel Cornelius:

HENRY McCANN,

First Lieutenant, Fourth Cavalry California Vols., Post Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Latham, Cal., June 14, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the 11th instant the Owen's River Expedition, consisting of Companies D, G, and I, comprising 201 men, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, was dispatched by me to their point of destination, to wit, Owen's River, leaving this camp at 9 o'clock of that day. A train of forty-six wagons accompanies the command, carrying, in addition to their camp, garrison equipage, and ammunition, rations for the men, and forage for the horses and teams for sixty days. I have made arrangements with Mr. Whipple to furnish transportation sufficient to keep the command supplied with rations and forage, always thirty days in advance. I have ordered Colonel Evans to report to me as frequently as practicable, to the end that your department may be kept frequently [informed] of the doings of the expedition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. FORMAN,

Colonel Fourth Infty. California Vols., Commander of Camp Latham.

[JUNE 15, 1862. -For Carleton to Canby, relating to operations, &amp;c., see pp. 96, 97.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Santa Fe, June 15, 1862.

General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Department:

SIR: I received to-day a letter from Placido Romoro, inclosing one to him from his father at Mesilla, dated June 1, in which there is this passage, and only this, in relation to the approach of troops from California:

On the 27th of May there arrived here a company of Texans that had been stationed at Tucson, and they said positively that there were arriving at that place 2,500 Government troops from California, and that they saw that number, but that the Pima

