
Indians had told them that in the rear of those there were coming 4,000 or 5,000, with many cannon and wagons. The Southern soldiers here are retiring, and the reason is that they have consumed and destroyed everything, even to the growing crops. The people here are with their eyes open to toward the North in the hope of being relieved from the devastation of these locusts. More than 1,000 men are waiting with open arms to receive the liberal Government of the North.

What reliance is to be placed in the account given you willhave a better idea than myself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY CONNELLY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 16, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit a copy of an order* issued by General Carleton, commanding the Column from California, dated at Fort Barrett, Pima Villages, 24th May, showing the disposition of troops and progress making at that time for the reoccupation of that country. I have reports from District of Oregon up to the 10th instant; nothing of importance has transpired in that quarter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, June 16, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

GENERAL: Inclosed I send you a copy of a petition of the citizens of the town of Arcata, Humboldt County, asking me "to call out a volunteer force and protect us. " I have no doubt that you are already in possession of the facts in relation to the recent Indian depredations in Humboldt County, and if you have not already done so I would most respectfully ask of your that a sufficient force be immediately forwarded that the citizens of Humboldt County shall have the protection to which they are entitled.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LELAND STANFORD,

Governor.

[Inclosure.] ARCATA, HUMBOLDT BAY, CAL., June 9, 1862.

His Excellency LELAND STANFORD,

Governor of California:

SIR: The undersigned represent to you that our relations with the Indians here are of the most deplorable nature. The events of the last few days will reach you no doubt through the press and other sources. We have no time, on account of the hasty departure of the steamer, to ask you through the authorities or through the people. This morning

---------------

*See p. 1095.

---------------

