
Mr. Mills, private secretary to Lieutenant Mowry, made an inventory in duplicate of all the movable property at the mine, signed by Captain Fritz, Captain Willis, Mr. Mowry, and myself, and I placed Captain Willis with twenty-four men in charge of the same. Lieutenant Mowry and Colonel P. Robinson handed me each a written protest-against their arrest, which I herewith inclose. Colonel Robinson, I understand, served the notice of confiscation of Colt's silver mines. He at the time of his arrest was the guest of Lieutenant Mowry. On the morning of the 14th instant left the mine with Lieutenant Mowry and twenty-one other prisoners for Tucson, where I arrived on the 16th instant, and turned over the prisoners to Lieutenant-Colonel West, First Infantry California Volunteers, by order of colonel commanding.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. E. EYRE,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., June 16, 1862.

Colonel JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

First Regiment Washington Territory Volunteers, Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: The general commanding the department desires you to give the necessary instructions for the withdrawal of the present garrison of Fort Umpqua to Fort Vancouver. Fort Umpqua will be abandoned and all the movable public property sent either to Hoskins or Yamhill, as you may direct. You will select and appoint a reliable person as agent to take charge of the public buildings and such property as may be left. If the company to which the detachment belongs has left for Humboldt, you will retain it at Vancounver until the departure of one of the other companies of the same regiment. Lieutenant Watson will remain at Fort Vancouver until the board has examined into his conduct. Letters received to-day state that the general's dispatch directing one company of Oregon cavalry volunteers to remain at Camp Baker was not received until the arrival of the troops at Camp Clackamas. If upon consultation with the superintendent of Indian affairs you think a military force in the vicinity of Jacksonville necessary, you will direct one company of Colonel Cornelius' regiment to proceed to and take post at Camp Baker. Your action in this matter will be promptly reported.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENTOF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., June 17, 1862.

His Excellency LELAND STANFORD,

Governor of the State of California, Sacramento, Cal.:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Your Excellency's communication of the 16th instant, with a copy of a petition of the citizens of Arcata, Humboldt County, asking you to call out a volunteer force for their protection. I can assure Your Excellency.

