
that I am well advised of all the facts in relation to our Indian difficulties in the District of Humboldt. Colonel Lippitt has ten companies of infantry and one of cavalry, and the remaining three companies of the Second Infantry California Volunteer have been ordered to humboldt, and one of them may be expected by the 25th. With this force it is believed that peace can be maintained in the district.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 22. San Francisco, Cal., June 17, 1862.

I. General Orders, Numbers 16, from the Headquarters of the Army, dated on the 18th of February, 1862, having reached the military posts in this department too late for a compliance with its requirements, it is ordered that on the approaching anniversary of our National Independence the extracts from the farewell address of George washington be read to the troops at every military post and at the head of the several regiments and troops of the Army of the Pacific.

II. Having reported for duty agreeably to instructions from the War Department, Surg. Peter G. S. Ten Broeck, medical department, is announced as medical director and purveyor at these headquarters, and will relieve Surg. Charles McCormick in the discharge of these duties.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JUNE 17, 1862. -For Carleton to Eyre, conveying instructions, etc., see p. 98.]
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., June 17, 1862.

Captain N. J. PISHON,

First California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Fort Stanford, Ariz. Ter.:

CAPTAIN: The colonel commanding directs me to write to you as follows: Owing to the fact that great numbers of wagons haveb een shrunk and rnedered almost useless as means of transportation on account of the great heat to which they have been exposed in crossing the desert, the supplies of subsistence stores come in slowly. Every point is being strained to the utmost to accumulate subsistence stores at this point to last the entire command for sixty days, in order that we may be enabled to move toward the Rio Grande by the 1stof July. In order to accomplish this end great economy must be used in everything relating to the stores now on hand. Therefore the colonel directs that for the present you issue to your command only half rations of sugar and coffee, and that you issue one point of flour to the ration, and one and one-half pounds of beef, and that you send to these headquarters a list of all subsistence stores on hand, with the number of days your

