
command will be supplied after the ration has been reduced as above. Colonel Eyre leaves Tucson in two days from this date with 100 men to make a forced reconnaissance toward the Rio Grande. He takes nothing but a little pemmican, some flour, and nothing but the clothes the men stand in. He will doubtless not return this way, but go on directly to the river, so that the First Cavalry may have no opportunity of retrieving the losses they have already sustained at the hands of the enemy. The colonel commanding starts for Fort Barrett to-morrow, to be gone eight or ten days, and he does not wish the Apache chiefs to come to Tucson until he returns. You will be notified at once of his return to this place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First California Vol. Infty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., June 17, 1862.

Second Lieutenant R. S. BARRETT,

First Infantry California Volunteers, Depot Quartermaster, Fort Yuma, Cal.:

SIR: The colonel commanding the Column from Caliornia desires that by the first train coming up the Gila you send to the depot at Fort Barrett, Pima Villages, Ariz. Ter., a good supply of axes and helves, also as large a quantity of horses and mule shoes as you can spare, and a proper supply of nails for the same. The colonel commanding dislikes to call yur attention to minor matters, but it does really seem as if there was some neglect, for which some one should be responsible. Since leaving Fort Yuma it has become apparent that the stores for officers have never been kept up to the proper standard. Small stores, such as crushed sugar, coffee, &amp;c., are almost unknown at this point. Trains come up the Gila in accordance with instructions, but not one of them seems to be loaded with small [stores.] This seems unaccountable from this fact-before with small [stores.] This seems unaccountable from this fact-before the colonel commanding left California a train was ordered up from San Diego to Fort Yuma, loaded exclusviley with sugar, coffee, &c., expressly for the use of the Column from California. We are sadly deficient in canteens. The colonel commanding desires that if it is possible to do so that you send forward some 300 or 400 canteens. This must be done with the approval of Colonel Bowie, commanding the District of Southern California, who can then make estimates on the quartermaster's department for a new supply to replace those sent by you to the front.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., June 17, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: Herewith I inclose to you a copy of a letter from the Adjutant-General's Office, dated the 21st of April, 1862, directed to me at Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., forwarding to me a commission of brigadier-general of volunteers, and directing me to report by letter to Brigadier

