
inclosed. By the last express I sent you a copy of my instructions to Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre to arrest one Sylvester Mowry, who has, without a doubt in my mind, been active in his endeavor to help the cause of the Confederate States in this Territory. Inclosed herewith marked D, please find a copy of Colonel Eyre's report,* made on his return from the Patagonia mines. On the arrival at Tucson of Mr. Mowry I ordered a board of officers to meet, and after due inquiry to report whether there are just grounds to restrain Mowry of his liberty. Inclosed herewith, marked E,+ please find a copy of a letter of instructions to the president of the board (Colonel J. R. West) on the subject. The board has not yet completed its labors. When I first came into the Territory I gave orders that the apaches, who have for the last two years overrun it, killing every one they met and running off stock, &amp;c., should not be fired upon or molested until they committed toward us some act of hostility. They were to be the aggressors so far as this column was concerned just now. The result thus far has been no man has been fired upon and no stock run off. The Apaches, venturing little by little, have at length come into Fort Stanford, and I shall have a talk with them in a few days. If I can so bring matters about that people can travel in this country without fear of their lives at every step from the horbes of Indians of this tribe which roam over it, I shall have accomplished a creditable end. See a letter ++ to Captain Pishon, commanding at Fort Stanford, on this subject. I shall with draw the garrison at that fort as soon as I can have an interview with the Indians. Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre, First Cavalry, will leave Tucson for a march toward the Rio Grande, under instructions marked G, @ herewith inclosed, on the 21st instant. I have been obliged to detail a line officer to assist Captain Moore in his very responsible duties. (See a copy of the order, herewith inclosed, marked H. #) The intolerable heat and the alkali dust of the Gila desert makes the transportation of supplies from Fort Yuma to Tucson a matter of great difficulty. The teamsters suffer greatly with inflamed eyes and with coughs. You can judge of how thick this dust is when I assure you that through the extensive mesquite thickets, through which the road leads it it impossible for a teamster to see his own lead mules. The dust is impalpable and spreads out over the country on either hand like a lake, and there it remains for some time after the wagons have passed along. By these lakes of dust I have seen the exact position of a train more than ten miles distant. The tires of the wagons get loose, and the sand working in the joints of the wheels soon grinds theminto an utterly unserviceable condition. Therefore a great many wagons have to be laid by until they can be repaired. I have two shops in operation in Tucson, but not over two wagons a day can be put in running order with all the force I can bring to work upon them. If I cana manage to get up enough supplies to keep the command in force and get, say, sixty days' ahead for an onward movement when the water falls, say early in July, I shall feel very happy. I shall leave for Fort Barrett this evening to regulate matters at that place and beyond.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

---------------

*See Eyre to Cutler, June 16, p. 1142.

+See Cutler to West, June 16, Vol. IX, p. 694.

++See Cutler to Pishon, June 17, p. 1144.

@See Carleton to Eyre, June 17, p. 98.

#See next, post.

---------------

