SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, Numbers 18. Tucson, Ariz. Ter., June 18, 1862.

At the solicitation of Captain Tredwell Moore, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, and from the fact that the exigencies of the service absolutely require it, Captain Nicholas S. Davis, of the First California Volunteer Infantry, is hereby relieved from the command of his company and will occupy the responsible position in this column of acting assistant quartermaster and superintendent and director of all trains and means of transportation. He will therefore receipt of Captain Tredwell Moore, the chief quartermaster, for all the trains and all means of transportation referred to, and proceed to organize, systematize, repair, arrange, and employ them to the best interests of the service.

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,First Lieutenant, First California Vol. Infty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., June 18, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE S. EVANS,

Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Camp Latham, Cal.:

SIR: The superintendent of Indian affairs for the southern district of California is at this time on a visit to the Indian reservations in his district. Should he call upon you for a force to remove intruders from the reservations, the general commanding the department desires you to send a party from your command sufficiently strong for that purpose. You will direct the officers in charge of any detachments to report for instructions to the superintendent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., June 18, 1862.

Captain GEORGE F. PRICE,

Second Cavalry California Volunteers:

(Through Commanding Officer Fort Churchill.)

SIR: The general commanding the department directs that you will move with your company to Fort Churchill and report to the commanding officer thereof for duty at that post. The demand for troops in this department will not permit of the establishment at present of a post at Susanville. The mater, however, will be considered at a future day. Your report of the march to Honey Lake has been read with much interest, and is very satisfactory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARIETTA, GA., June 18, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: Referring to the personal communications I had the honor of making to you in Richmond, I can now inform the department that I

