
have satisfactory assurances that the necessary exchangeon Europe based upon the sale of cotton for neutral accountcan be had by the Government for the purchase of arms, munitions of war, &amp;c. I am now in relation with the parties in Georgia and Alabama representing the foreign buyers, and am satisfied that the occasion now offers for importing arms, medicines, munitions, &c., into Texas and Arizona by the way of Guaymas, in Mexico, on the Gulf of California. I take this occasion of renewing the suggestion of thus supplying the military necessities of the department west of the Mississippi. The port of Guaymas is not suspected by the enemy, and a large and valuable supply of winter clothing, powder, &c., can be thus imported. There is cotton enough in Texas thus utilized to arm and equip an army in Texas and Arkansas capable of holding that country against the whole power of the enemy.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

JNO R. BAYLOR,

Governor of Arizona, Commanding C. S. Forces.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

June 19, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Volunteers,

San Francisco, Cal.:

No action to be taken in arrests spoken of in your letter of May 7.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

CARSON CITY, June 19, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Governor Nye is going to Owen's River to see the Indians. He desires me, with a detachment of twenty men, to go with him. Will be gone ten days. Shall I go?

GEO. F. PRICE,

Captain, Second California Volunteer Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 19, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report advices from the commanding officer at Fort Walla Walla of a detachment of twenty men under Captain Harding, Oregon cavalry, having been sent to the Umatilla Reservation (Indian) to quel disturbances among the Indians. It appears that a serious outbreak occurred on the 12th instant, and in the effort to arrest it the agent, Mr. Barnhart, was compelled to shoot one of the Indians. Representing danger to himself and other citizzens on an near the reservation, he applied for troops to the nearest post. I have approved the action of Colonel Cornelius in the assistance rendered, and directed the recall of he detachment as soon as quiet is restored.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.

