
down to the most economical allowance. With our present means it seems to me obviously prudent to provide at once at Fort Walla Walla all the disposable transportation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 21, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: My latest dispatches from Brigadier-General Carleton were received this morning, dated June 1. The general was then at Fort Barrett, Pima Villages, Ariz. Ter. The general says that the crossing "the Gila desert was terrible. " Lieutenant Shinn, commanding the light artillery battery, reached Fort Barrett on the 31st of May, and was to march for Tuscon on the 1st of June; his horses in good working order, but a little thin. Thus far the expedition has been successively prosecuted. Arizona is securely occupied notwithstanding the predictions of traitors that we should be compelled to abandon everything in the midst of the desert. General Carleton dispatched a messenger with a communication to General Canby, but he was unablek to go up the Salinas on account of the high water in that river. The general would again make an effort to communicate with Canby from Tucson. From the District of Oregon my latest date, June 10, represents everything as quiet. Colonel Cronelius, with two companies of Oregon cavalry, had reached Fort Walla Walla, and three more companies of the same regiment had reached the Willmatt Valley en route for Walla Walla. Colonel Connor, Third Infantry California Volunteers, with his regiment, is still encamped near Stockton, in readiness to cross the mountains at an early day. Colonel Sims, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, now at Camp Alert, near this city, has been ordered to hold himself in readiness to move with his headquarters and two companies to join the command of Colonel Connor for the protection of the Overland Mail Route. I have not yet designated the positions to be occupied along the mail route, but in the absence of any special instructions from the War Department I have assumed it as important thatastrong post should be established in the vicinity of Salt Lake, and contracts have been made for the transportation to that place of a year's supply for 800 men. An intermediate station, probably at Ruby Valley, will also be established for 300 men. Under instructions from your office, Briga-General Alvord has reported to me for temporary duty. I have received no orders as to the wishes of the Department as to the disposition of General Alword, and I shall assign him to the command of the District of Oregon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Fort Barrett, Ariz. Ter., June 21, 1862. .

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Fort Yuma, Cal.:

COLONEL: If there is any property to be guarded at Gila City or Texas Hill, please send the guard from Fort Yuma, that the men now

