
mounted men of Lieutenant Davis' command and proceed at once to make a thorough reconnaissance of the neighborood of the mouth of Mad River on both asides of it, if practicable. You are expected to complete the reconnaissance before daylight to-morrow morning. If you find but a small number of Indians assembled you will proceed to capture them at once with Lieutenant Davis' command if you deem it large enough. If you find the Indians in any force you will report the fact as speedily as possible to these headquarters. Regimental Quartermaster Swasey is directed to hire a guide for you if one should be needed.

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN HANNA, JR.,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. Second Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 23, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of communication from department headquarters dated 12th instant, directing the movement of companies of Second Infantry California Volunteers. In reply I have respectfully to report that Major C. H. Rumrill, First Washington Territory Infantry, with Companies B and C of that regiment, will leave this post on the morning of the 25th instant for Fort Colville direct, to relieve Major Curtis with the two companies of the former regiment now posted there. With reasonable dispatch Major Curtis with his command should reach this place about the 25th proximo. The remaining company of the Second California Infantry now at Fort Hoksins will be relieved by Company D, Captain Seidenstriker, to arrive here at the same time. Prompt compliance will be made with the directions for the embarkation of these troops to Fort Humboldt, Cal.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.

HEADQUATERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 23, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERALM,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have directed the establishment of a temporary depot on Snake River at the mouth of Palouse to facilitate the sending forward to Fort Colville troops and suplies. The ferry-boat on Snake River has been carried away by high water, and communication by wagon trains cut off between Forts Walla Walla and Colville. It is found even under ordinary circumstnaces that to go by steam boat to the mouth of Palouse River, thence to Fort Colville, is much the shortest and most economical route. At this time it is the only practicable one. The commanding officer at Fort Walla Walla has been instructed to have a reliable agent employed and sent to the

