
point mentioned with the necessary material for a temporary depot, and will go out with the transportation furnished from that post for the march of Major Rumrill's command to Fort Colville and bring down Major Curtis in return. By an aggragement with the navigation company the teams will be ferried across Snake River by steam-boat taking up the troops. The supplies for Fort Colville will be pressed forward at once to the depot, the commanding officer at that post having been directed to send down to that point his trains for the land transportation. By an approximate estimate made from information collected here it is expected that not over two months will be required to have all the supplies for Fort Colville on the road, when the depot will be broken up. Information has not been received either here or at fort Walla Walla of any arrangements aleady made for the forwarding of supplies to Colville, and in view of the ugent necessity of immediate action in the matter I trust the commanding general will approve the course taken.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 20. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 23, 1862.

I. The battalion of First Oregon Cavalry under Lieutenant Colonel R. F. Maury, of that regiment, now at Camp Clackmas, Oreg., will proceed by water to The Dalles, Oreg., and thence by land to Fort Walla Walla. Lieutenant-Colonel Maury will commence this movement on the 24th instant by sending forward Major J. S. Rinearson, of that regiment, and one of the companies of his command. On the 26th instant another company will be sent forward, and one each day following until the whole command is moved.

II. Major Rinearson, on arriving at The Dalles, will proceed with the company to Five-Mile Creek, and establish a camp somewhere in that vicinity, where the horses will be herded and grazed until the whole command arrives there. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transporation, confined strictly to the field allowance to insure the prompt execution of the orders above indicated.

* * * * *

By order of Colonel Steinberger:

WM. B. HUGHES,First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 21. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 23, 1862.

Major C. H. Rumrill, First Washngton Territory Infantry, will, with Companies B and C, of the same regiment, proceed on Wednesday, the 25th instant, to Fort Colville, Wash. Ter., by the Oregon Steam Navigation Company's transportation to the mouth of the Palousae, on Snake River; thence by transportation furnished by the commanding officer at Fort Walla Walla. Fifteen days' subsistence for this command will be furnished by the acting commissary of subsistence at this depot. On arriving at Fort Colville, Major Rumrill will relieve Major Curtis,

