
Second Infantry California Volunteers, who with the two companies now under his command will proceed without delay to Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter. The quartermaster's department will make the necessary arrangements to insure the prompt execution of the orders above indicated.

By order of Colonel Stienberger:

WM. B. HUGHES,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort VAncouver, Wash. Ter., June 23, 1862.

Colonel T. B. CORNELIUS,

First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: It is designed to send one company of your regiment from Fort Walla Walla to a point on or near the Indian reservation of the nez Perces, and at least two companies on the emigrant road toward Fort Hall. The object of these movements is to preserve quiet and order in our relations with the Nex perce Indians and adjacent tribes, and give protection to the emigration coming this season from the Atlantaic States. You have heretofore been advised to have these headquarters furnished with all the information you can that may involve the disposition of troops eastward from your post, and you rreport is looked for daily. It is now directed, in view of the movements herein referred to, that an accurate and detailed report be transmitted at the earliest practicable moment of the amunt of available transportation on hand at your post and belonging to it, and if it will meet the demands these expeditions will make, as well as provide for the current requirements of the garrison. The wagons and mules taking Major Rumrill's command to Fort Colville will bring back Major Curtis', and will be directed to return at once to Fort Walla Walla. They should be back about the 20th of July. The greater part of the transportation carrying Lieutenant-Colonel Maury's command to your post will be retained by you. It is presumed that the company dispatched to the Nex Perce country will leave during the month of July; yet upon thssubject much will depend upon your own report of its necesssity and opinion of the proper time. The experience of former expeditions has proven that protection has been most required for the latter part of the overland emigration, and that the 1st of August is early enugh to start troops eastward. Of this, however, your report is expected with your views in full. This expedition will in all probability require transportation for two months' subsistence. If upon a careful examination of the resources of your post it is ascertained that you cannot supply transportation for these expeditions and provide for the post, direct your quartermaster to make estimates for the supply of fuel and forage by contract, and, if positively necessary, for the hauling of supplies from the steam-boat landing on Columbia River to the post. Let these estimates be sent to the proper staff officer at department headquarters for approval, with full and explicit reports of the necessities therefor. In your own reports to these headquarters on this subject it is to be borne in mind that all estimates for transportation should be based upon the most rigid economy and strictly in accordance with regulations. You will institute immediately the necessary preprations for the march and support of these troops in the field, looking forward to their departure from

