HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 24, 1862.

Major C. H. RUMRILL,

First Washington Territory Infantry, Under Orders for Fort Colville, Wash. Ter.:

MAJOR: In carrying out the order for your march to Fort Colville with the two companies of your regiment, it is expected that the utmost dispatch will be secured in the movement. You will take with you from this post fifteen days' subsistence, and this, with your company property and baggage, it is important should go directly through with the troops. Owing to the flooded condition of the Columbia River at Cascade portage, some delay may occur in getting over the proeprty. It will require on the part of your quartermaster careful attention and active exertion to insure its passage across. You will arrive at The Dalles on the night of the 25th, and as the steam-boat which carries you up the Columbia River leaves the Des Chutes on the morning of the 27th, one day will be given you to make the march between these points. Transportation will be furnished by the navigation company across both these portages, and it will only be necessary to see that this company press forward your command promptly. On arriving at the mouth of the Palouse you will find on thel eft bank of the Sanke River ten wagons and one ambulance with teams for your land transportation to Fort Colville. This the navigation company have agreed to ferry over to the right bank of the river, where a depot will be establshed by the quartermaster's department. Start from this point as soon as possible, and as it is important to have Major Curtis' command relieved and brought down here at the earliest practicable moment, lose no time on the march. The transportation employed by you from Palouse will be used by Major Curtis returning, and you will request him to have it ferried back on arriving at Snake River on its way to Fort Walla Walla by the steam-boat bringing the command down.

Let me enjoin upon you on the march the enforcement rigidly of the discipline of the service as essentially requisite for the preservation of good order and condition in your command. A very high responsibility and valuable charge is intrusted to you in assigning you the command of the distant post of Fort Colville, and in committing it to your hands I rely with confidence upon your judgment and discretion in guarding the public interests and sustaining the honor and credit of the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

June 25, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Volunteers,

San Francisco, Cal.:

If General Alvord is not needed in Pacific Department, order him to report here. If he is needed, assign him.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

