
TUCSON, ARIX. TER., June 25, 1862.

Colonel J. R. WEST,

First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding, Present:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with instructions from the colonel commanding Column from California, of dateJune 11, 1862, I proceeded on the afternoon of that day to Magdalena, in Sonora, where I arrived on the morning of the 16th instant. I at once commenced to inquire into the resources of that place and vicinity to supply the troops in this Territory with subsistence, forage, &amp;c., and the prices at which responsible parties are willing to deliver supplies at this place. The following is the result of my observation and inquiries, viz: Magdalena is the center of a population of about 5,200 inhabitants, along the river of the same name for about thirty miles, and in towns situated as follows: First. Imuris; population about 1,000; fifteen miles this side of Magdalena. Second. La Mesa; population about 500; twelve miles this side of Magdalena. Third. Terrenate; population about 500; nine miles this side of Magdalena. Fifth. Magdalena, population about 1,400. Sixth. San Lorenzo; population about 200; three miles beyond Magdalena. Seventh. Santa Marta; population about 350; ten miles and a half beyond Magdalena. Eighth. Santa Ana; population about 850; fifteen miles beyond Magdalena. The above includes the whole population on the river, as all are in the immediate vicinity of the towns and villages. The first cultivated land is met with within about five miles this side of Imuris, and the last on the river two or three miles beyond Santa Ana, from which point to Hermosillo there is no land in culitivation, a distance of about 120 miles. The corps consist principally of wheat, corn, and barley. Beans are raised, but in small quntities. There are none of the latter at present on the river. The harvest of what yields about 8,000 fanegas annually. The yield could, idd the demand require it, be tre there is but little raised, and the only parcel for sale is in the hands of Don Francisco Gonzales Torano, of Magdalena, and does not exceed 500 fanegas, say 70,000 pounds. There is no corn in any considerable quanitity at present on the river. Francisco G. Torano, of Magadalena, offers to sell at Magdalena wheat in such quantities as we may require for 2 cents per pund, and will deliver it at Tucson for 4 cents per pound. Pablo Tournier of the same place offers to deliver at Tucson 2,000 fanegas of wheat at 4 cents per pound, the deliveries to be made as follows, viz, 600 fanegas per month. The first delivery, 300 fanegas, on the 15th day of July and 300 every subsequent fifteen days. The number of neat cattle of every kind on the Magdalena River does not exceed 2,000 head. Of these about seventy-five are fat oxen, corn fed, each averaging about 700 pounds net, and owned by various parties, who ask from $45 to $50 per head for them where they are owned. All the cattle, with the exception of the oxen above mentioned, are at present lean, in consequence of the necessity of corralling them at night to prevent them from being stolen by the Apache Indians, who are nightly in the habit of prowling about the towns to steal horses and cattle. In regard to flour, on my arrival I made arrangements to purchase all for sale on the river. I bought of Mr. Torano, of Magdalena, all he had, amounting to twelve cargas, say 3,526 pounds (now delivered here), at $15. 50 per carga; and eight cargas additional (to arrive on the 30th instant) at $14. 50 per carga. The above four is not bolted. I contracted with Don Alejandro Daguerre, of San Ignacio, for the delivery at Tucson on the 30th instant of 20,000 pounds of bolted flour, at 7 1/4 cents per pound,

