
dated at Tucson, June 8, 182, will, further orders, be retained by that officer.

By order of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First California Vol. Infty., Actg. Ast. Adjt. General

[Inclosure S.] GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Numbers 83. Santa Fe, N. Mex., September 18, 1862.

The undersigned hereby relinquishes the command of this department to Brigadier General J. H. Carleton, and is gratified in announcing as his successor an officer whose character, services, and experience in this country entitle him to the confidence of the people of New Mexico. In taking leave of the troops he has for some time had the honor to command he desires to leave with them the assurance of his high respect and admiration and his best wishes for their happiness and advancement.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Inclosure T.] GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Numbers 84. Santa Fe, N. Mex., September 18, 1862.

I. The undersigned hereby assumes command of the Department of New Mexico.

II. The following staff officers are announced: First Lieutenant General C. Cutler, First California Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general; Major Henry D. Wallen, Seventh U. S. Infantry, acting inspector-general; Captain A. W. Evans, Sixth U. S. Cavalry, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain John C. McFerran, U. S. Army, chief quartermaster; Captain A. F. Garrison, U. S. Volunteers, chief commissary of subsistence; Surg. E. I. Baily, U. S. Army, medical director. Surg. James M. McNulty, of the First California Volunteer Infantry, in addition to his duties as medical director of theColumn from California, is assigned to dutyas acting medical inspector of the Department of New Mexico, and will be governed in the performance of these duties by such instructions as he may receive from these headquarters. Major William J. Martin, U. S. Army, chief paymaster. Captain William H. Rossell, Tenth U. S. Infantry, will continue to perform the duties of disbursing officer of the fund for collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers. Captain William R. Shoemaker, military store-keeper of ordnance, will perform the duties of chief of ordnance at Fort Union.

III. The orderly hours at department headquarters will be from 9 to 10 a. m. for chiefs of departments and officers on duty, and from 11 a. m. to 12 m. for citizens on business.

IV. All orders and instructions from headquarters Department of New Mexico, unless hereafter modified or repealed, will remain in full force; and particular attention is directed to department General Orders, Numbers 62, of July 7, 1862; its requirements will be strictly observed.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Department.

