
and as much more as he can deliver on the 5th of July of unbolted flour, at $16 per carga (of 300 pounds.) The quantity of the latter I fear will not exceeded 15,000 pounds. Mr. Daguerre has had to employ all the mills in the neighborhood to fulfill his contract, and towork night and day to have the flour bolted. What I have purchased comprises all the flour obtainable on the Magdalena River. On my arrival at Magdalena one don Onofre Navarro, of that place, proposed to furnish, in connection with the two principal merchants of the place, F. G. Torano and Nicholas Maria Garnica, from Hermosillo, 250 cargas of the best brands of bolted flour, delivered at Tucson for 8 cents per pound. Assured by those parties that the flour could be obtained, I had Mr. Navarro send an express immediately to Hermosillo to order the flour, which Navarro assured me could be delivered at Tuscon on the 30th instant. But on the 23rd instant hew as advised by the parties owning the flour they would less than 9 cents per pund, and they required an escort for their train besides. There was evidently a combination effected between the miles of Hermosillo to raise the prices, speculating upon our necessity for the article. I was assured by trhe there gentlemen, Navarro, Torano, and Garnica, the only responsbile parties in Magdalena, that flour could be purchased at Hermosillo and placed at Tucson at a profit for 8 cents per pound. I then authorized Navarro to go to Hermossillo to purchase 60,000 pounds of flour at 8 centsif he could, 9 if necessary, delivered here, which amount I agree toreceive from him on the 10th day of July. Under any circumstances flour from Hermosillo coudl not be brought her esooner than the 6th, and the party asking 9 cents would not agree to deliver sooner than the 10th proximo. I have no doubt a contract can be made with Ynigo, Mendez, Gonzales, or Moreno, of Hermosillo, for flour delivered here for from 8 to 9 cents left, evidently with the intention of endeavoring toget a contract for flour on account of his father. I offered him 8 cents per pound for 60,000 pounds, delivered here July 10, or sooner, but he would take no less than 9 cents. Being informed that he was always late in fulfilling contracts of the same nature for the supply of Fort Buchannan, I also stipulated that in case of nonfulfillment of the contract in time he should forfeit $2,000, to which he wold not accede. I have no dubt Navarro will deliver 60,000 pounds by the 10th proximo, and perhaps part of it on the 5th proximo. The following are the flour mills on the River Magadlanea, viz: At Imuris, 1, small, owned by Horrosco, not going. At Terrenate, 1, small, owned by a Mr. Pierson, will grind about 3,000 pounds daily when there is water. Mr. Pierson is at present at Guaymas on his way to Terrenate with a new flour mill from California. At San Ignacio, 1, owned by Jose Maria Redondo; it will grind abut 4,000 pounds daily when there is water. At Magdalena, 1, owned by Padres, not go it is capable of grinding about 6,000 pounds daily when there is water. At San Lorenzo, 1, owned by Emanuel Barragan, small, with bad sontes, not going. At Santa Marta, a small road side mill without a house, owned by a Mr. Bird, and American; it can grind abut 1,000 pounds daily. Mr. Bird is about putting up another mill at Santa Ana. I give the capacity of the mills as informed by respectable parties, but I think their powers exaggerated, as they are extremely primitive-indeed, so much aso as to appear absurd. None of the mills bolt flour. This operation has to be performed by hand. The principal owners of cattle and sheep are as follows, viz: Of cattle, first, Jesus Estrella, Rancho de la Noria Verde, fourteen leagues this side of Hermosillo, near the Magdalena road. On my arrival at San Ignacio I got Estrella's son-in-law, Don Conrado

