
Aguirre, to send an express tohim to inquire the price at which he would deliver 200 head of three-year to six-year odl steers at Tucson. On the 22nd instant an answer was received stating that he (Estrella) would deliver at his rancho (and there only) 200 to 300 head at $15 each. Mr. Aguirre offers to take his father-in-law's cattle and deliver them here at $18 per head. It is also that the cattle be collected at once, as on the commencement of the rains they scatter over the country, whereas in the dry season they remain in the neighborhood of water and are easily collected. Second, Dioniso Gonzales, Rancho las Cruces, twenty-two leagues from Magdalena, on the Altar road. Gonzales will deliver cattle on his rancho (and there only) for $14 per head. Gonzales' cattle are wilder than Estrella's. Estrella has the reputation of beingone of the best and most responsible men in Sonora. Third, General Jose Maria Elias Gonzales, at Cocospera, is represented as having cattle, but I was not able to communicate with him. Cattle are poor in all parts at present, and I am informed that they are in fine condition in September and October, and can then be bought on the ranchos for $10 a head. In regard to sheep, there are but few, and they of a small size and in poor condition. F. G. Torano, of Magdalena, has about 300, large and small. He will sell the lot for $400. Juan Lopez, of Imores, has about 800 head. He asks $2 each ofr them there. Santos Siqueirroz, of the same place, has about the same number at the same price. His agent is Torano, of Magadalena. Antonio Bergara, of Santa Cruz, has about 80 head in Srispe; price not know. ---- Moreno, of Tubutama, has about 1,500 head; price on the rancho from$2. 50 to $3 per head. Corn can be obtained from Santa Cruz principally, delivered here at 4 cents per pound. Francisco Padres, of Santa Cruz, has about 2,000 fanegas; price at Santa Cruz and Cocospera 2 1/2 cents per pound. Onfore Navarro, of Magdalena, will freight it here for 1 1/2 cents per pound. The road is good; distance abut 120 miles. Joaquin Quirroga (N. M. Garnica, agent) has 200 fanegas; price 2 cents per pound in Santa Cruz. Hilario Gabilondo, same place, has 300 to 400 fanegas; price 2 cents per pound in Santa Cruz, or (which he prefers) 4 cents in Tucson (N. M. Garnica, agent). Imanuel Romero, same place, has 200 fanegas at 2 cents per pound (corn represented as three years old). Sundry other persons in Santa Cruz have about 100 fanegas; about the same price. The corn harvest at Santa Cruz is in October. There is none of any consequence at any other point. On the Magdalena corn is harvested in March and November. The following articles of subsistence can be obtained at Magdalena in sufficient quantities at the following prices, viz: Panoche about $30 to $33 per carga; salt at 4 cents per pound; soap, an excellent article, at 24 1/2 cents; sugar (Hermosillo made) at 24 cents per pound; flour, in the course of a little time, unbolted, at 5 to 6 cents per pound; bolted at 7 to 7 1/4 cents per pound. All delivered at Tucson at the above prices. Beans in sufficient quantities can be placed here from Hermosillo for 6 to 7 cents per pound. It is very difficult to get the business men of Sonora to act with promptness and energy, yet I have no doubt that all our subsistence supplies, except pork, refined sugar, coffee, tea, candles, and rice, can be obtained on more favorable terms than drawing them from California. Grain can be had in abundance at 4 cents per pound, delievered here. I have the satisaction to statethat I was received by Senor Don Rafael Buelva, the perfect of Magdalena, with dences of good will and friendsip toward our people. The people of the country gave every evidence of good will and of a decided sympathy with the cause of the United States in regard

