
to the rebellion of the Southern States. I must report, however, that cash on delivery is asine quo non with them in regard to furnishing supplies.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Chief Commissary of Subsistence, Column from California.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, Numbers 19. Canada del Oro, Ariz. Ter., June 26, 1862.

Captain Nathaniel J. Pishon, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will, without delay, withdraw the troops from Fort Stanford, Ariz. Ter., and establish them in a camp in Canada del Oro until further orders.

By order of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, June 27, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: Inclosed I send you a copy of a communication addressed to me by a committee appointed at a meeting of the citizens of Chico and vicinity, in Butte County, held on the 26th instant, in which representations are made of recent Indian outrages commited on Rock Creek, Butte Creek, and vicinity, and calling upon me for men and means, ammunition and arms, to assist them in quelling said outrages. Since receiving the communication I have learned through rivate sources entitled to creid that the bodies of the children referred to have been fund brutally murdred. I would respectfully request that you forward to the scene of Indian depredations in Butte County one company of infantry to assist the citizens in effectually putting an end to Indian outrages. And I would also ask of you, if itis possible, to deliver to the State of California, under whatever arrangement you may think proper, 500 stand of arms, that Imay enable the citizens of the differnet counties to protect themseves against these repeated Indian outrages, and at the same time relieve yourself from the frequent demands I am compelled to make upon you for assistance, as the State ha snot one stand at her command. This communication will be handed you by Dr. S. M. Sproul, a highly respectable citizen of Butte County, who will more fully explain affairs as they now eixist in said county, and to whose statement I would earnestly call your attention.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LELAND STANFORD,

Governor.

[Inclosure.]

His Excellency LELAND STANFORD,

Governor of the State of California:

At a meeting of the citizens of Chico and vicinity, held June 26, 1862, to adopt measures for puthe depredations now being committed by the mountain Indians on Rock Creek, Butte Creek, and adjacent country, the undersigned were appointed a committee to petition Your Excellency for men and means, ammunition and arms, to assist our citizens in quelling these Indian outrages. Your petitioners

