
would respectfully represent that said Indians have been robbing and killing our citizens, and for the protection of our lives and property we invoke Government aid. On the 25th instant one Thomas Allen, a teamster, was killed and scalped on the road from Stratton's Mill to Keefer's, his four mules shot, a valley Indian accompanying him also shot, but escaped. Three children, a boy and two girls, were gathering blackberries on Rock Creek, about six miles east of the Shasta road, where on searching for them their horses were found shot, but the children gone, leaving evidence of a struggle for escape. Portions of their dresses were found near the horses. These children are now doubltess in possession of the Indians. Parties are now in pursuit of them, but it is difficult to obtain arms and means enough to successfully pursue them. The committe has appointed Dr. S. M. Sproul to wait upon Your Excellenty andmore fully present our case.

J. S. HENNING, Chairman,

E B. POND,

GEO. WEST,

S. M. SPROUL,

H. H. JOHNSON,

Committee.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 27, 1862.

W. H. RECTOR,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, Salem, Oreg.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that direction have been received by me from department headquarters to confer with you upon the requirements of a military force near Jacksonville for protective purposes. The only disposable troops for such servie now under my command is the First Oregon Cavalry Battalion (four companies), Lieutenant-Colonel Maury commanding. This battalion is now moving toward Fort Walla Walla, where it had been deemed important to concentrate the entire regiment, with a view to early movements into the Salmon River mining country and along the overland emigrant trail. I will retain one company of this regiment at Camp Clackamas, near Oregon City, for the present, and have respectfully to request that you will at your earliest convenience furnish me with your views and wishes upon the subject indicated. Let me suggest to you that as the California volunteers now on duty in this district are being gradually withdrawn to be relieved by the Oregon cavalry and Washington Territory infantry and that there is the well-founded belief of urgent demand for troops east of Fort Walla Walla the present season, a well authenticated necessity only should divert this company from its march.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.

SPECIL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 23. FortVancouver, Wash. Ter., June 27, 1862.

I. In conformity to instructions from headquarters Department of the Pacific, Fort Umpqua will be abandoned forthwith.

* * * * * *

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.

