
encampednear Stockton. The regiment made a very fine appearance; the arms, clothing, and equipments were in high order. The industry and untiring zeal and energy of Colonel Connor is manifest throughout. He has aregiment that the State may well be proud of. Colonel Connor has a field battery of four guns in fine order which he willtake with him on his march to Salt Lake. The colonel will march on the 5th proximo. I am preparing the headquarters and two companies of the Second Cavalry, under Colonel Sims, now encamped at Camp Alert, near this city, to follow the movement of Colonel Conno, in connection with forces destined for the protection of the Overland Mail Route.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 28, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegraphic dispatches of the 19th and 25th of this month. In anticipationof the intentions of the War Department, I had previously assigned Brigadier-General Alvord to the command of the District of Oregon. My latest advices from Colonel Steinberger, commanding the District of Oregon, represent everything as quiet in that quarter. Colonel Cornelius, with his headquarters and two companies of Oregon cavalry, had reached Fort Walla Walla. The balance of the regiment (four companies) would move from the Willamatte Valley to Walla Walla as soon as the route over the portage at the Cascades was practicable. The unprecedented rise of the Columbia River had destroyed a portion of the railroad, swept away the bridges on the military road, and caused a suspension of the transit of troops and supplies, but I am assured by the president of the transportation company that the road will be repaired within ten days. From the District of Humboldt I have nthing new to report. The Indians still continue to commit depredations, and Colonel Lippitt, the commander, is actively engaged with his troops in protecting the inhabitants and colecting the Indians preparatory to their removal to the reservation. In the Southern Cavalry California quiet previals. Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, has moved with three companies of his regiment from Camp Latham, near Los Angeles, north to the vicinity of Owen's Lake to look after the Indians in that quarter who have assumed a hostile attitude.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., June 28, 1862.

Colonel FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding District of Humboldt, Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department desires the whole of Captain Stuart's company concentrated at Camp Lincoln. All the

