
movable property at Ter-Waw will be taken to that camp. The supplies for Camp Lincoln will be landed at Crescent City and transported thence by land.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort VAncouver, Wash. Ter., June 28, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that this morning Lieutenant-Colonel Maury with the last company of his battalion went up the river to Fort Dalles and Fort Walla Walla. He will probably movewith his three companies on the 30th by land to the letter post. Information having been furnished me that a band of thieves are herding a large number of mules stolen from the Government at Fort Walla Walla in one of the small valleys to the right of the crossing on John Day's River, I have directed Colonel Maury to detach near that point a small force and scour the country in that neighborhood and attempt the recovery of the property. The fourth company of this batalion (Company C, Captain Kelly) will remain at this post and Camp Clackmas until a reply is received to my communicatin to the superintendet of Indian Washington Territory Infantry (B and C) under Major Rumrill left here on the 25th for Fort Colville with directions to use the utmost dispatch on the march. Every precaution had been taken to insure thei rspeedy and safe arrival at that post, personally superintended by myself and staff officer. I regret to mention, in explanation of Special Orders, Numbers 27, accompanying, that from some neglect, confusion, or incapciaty the usbistence (fifteen days') was left behind at

Cascade Portage. This command, in order to effect the speedy relief

of Major Curtis and his two companies, was pressed forward while the portage presented some obstruction. Yet I am imagine no justification for such gave mischance, for the command was guarded against all probable continengy of accident and with the clearest and most detailed instructions for the march. Lieutenant Hughes has been directed to overtake and make a critical inspection of the troops and property of the command, and especially investigate the causes of the error referred to. He is also instructed to take prompt and immediate measures to promote the rapid march of the column to its desintation, using his own judgment in correctionary means even to the arrest and displacement of any officer of the command.

y, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 27. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 28, 1862.

First Lieutenant W. B. Hughes, Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, acting assistant adjutant-general, will accompany the command of Major Rumrill as far as Wallula, taking such measures to promote the march toward Fort Colville as he may deem proper under instructions this day transmitted to him. From Wallula he will proceed to Fort Walla Walla and

