
personally direct the prompt execution of orders already furnished the commanding officer of that post for transportation for this command from Palouse Depot. Lieutenant Hughes will repair without delay to Fort Vancouver upon the completion of the duties herein directed.

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 28. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 30, 1862.

I. Major J. S. Rinearson, First Oregon Cavalry, with Company C of the same regiment, will proceed without delay and take post at Camp Baker, near Jacksonville, Oreg.

II. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation for the prompt execution of this order.

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,

Canada del Oro, Ariz. Ter., June 30, 1862.

Lieutenant BEN. C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General for Column from California, Tucson:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the following changes in the location of the troops under my command, viz: On the 28th instant Companies D and E, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Lieutenant Thompson's artillery detachment, the quartermaster's and commissary stores, left Fort Stanford and arrived at this camp at 2 p. m. the same day. The next day I returned two wagons for company A, First Cavalry California Volunteers, which arrived here to-day at 3 p. m. Grass is abundant here, but water every scarce. In fact, in the courseof a day or two there would not be water enugh for one company of cavalry, as the holes and springs in the bed of the creek are fast drying up.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. J. PISHON,

Captain, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S. -It will require four move wagons to move the command, as the teams I now have are almost entirely broken down.

N. J. P.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 30, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in reply to my communication on the subject the superintendent of Indian affairs for Oregon has represented the urgent necessity of a military force near Jacksonville for the protection of the inhabitants of that section of country from Indians. In compliance with instructions from department headquarters and this representation, Major J. S. Rinearson with one company (C) of the First Oregon Cavalry, is under orders to take post at Camp Baker, near Jacksonville, Oreg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.

