
additional wagons when Colonel Rigg goes to Fort Craig. Wagon-Master Francis will go with Captain Fritz to Tucson, and Winston will remain with the rest of the wagons.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure X.] HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, Albuquerque, N. Mex., September 14, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH R. WEST,

Commanding District of Arizona, Mesilla, Ariz.:

COLONEL: It is presumed, from advices lately received from Major David Fergusson, First California Volunteer Cavalry, commanding District of Western Arizona, that about 1,000 head of cattle will shortly be at Tucson en route to the Rio Grande for the use of the Column from California. The general commanding directs that you give to the commanding officer at Tucson such detailed instructions as will insure the arrival in this valley of these cattle at an early day. After deducting a sufficient number for the use of the troops in the District of Western arizona, the cattle should be sent forward in small herds, so that too many may not arrive at the watering places at any one time - say, one portion with Greene's company and another with Wellman's cavalry, and so on.

The general commanding directs that you arrest one Manuel Barella, a brother of Anastacio Barella, of Mesilla, and send him up the country as far as Fort Craig.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First California Vol. Infty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[Inclosure Z.] SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, Numbers 36. Santa Fe., N. Mex., September 17, 1862.

* * * * *

II. Lieutenant Colonel Edward E. Eyre, First California Volunteer Cavalry, will proceed without delay to San Francisco, Cal., as bearer of dispatches to the commander of the Department of the Pacific, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 148, from headquarters Department of New mexico, dated August 22, 1862. Having performed this duty, he will rejoin his regiment at the earliest practicable moment.

By order of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First California Vol. Infty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

ADDENDA.

[Jones' statement, July 22, 1862.]

Started on the 15th. On the 16th went beyond Dragoon Spring about fifteen miles. On the 17th laid by in a canon above Ewell's Station. Remained all night. On the 18th laid over in a canon six or seven miles [from] Apache Pass. Thatafternoon about 3. 30 started out of canon onto the plain. Had traveled about five miles when the Indians discovered us and raised a smoke. We were then on a road, and traveled fast to get out of the bush onto the plain, as Jones expected an attack.

