
Personal. -Touching the matter of contrasting campaigning in summer and winter, I have been fully alive, and have felt myself unequal to the magnitude of the task. For any further explanations you may desire I can be consulted personally at any time in your convenience.

I have the honor to remain, with many assurances, your friend,

D. D. LYNN,

Second Lieutenant, Sixth Infantry.

Captain CHARLES S. LOVELL, U. S. Army,

Sixth Infantry, Commanding Fort Humboldt, Cal.

Numbers 3.

Report of Lieutenant Joseph B. Collins, Fourth U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR THE HEAD OF LARRABEE CREEK, May 9, 1861.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions from department headquarters dated March 6, 1861, I have the honor to submit the following report:

Since my report of the 19th ultimo I have attacked two ranches and killed fifteen Indians. The entire country is mountainous, well timbered, watered, and furnishes sufficient grass all the year for large herds of beef-cattle and horses; indeed, it is one of the finest mountain grazing countries I have ever seen. I cannot at this time report correctly upon the number of inhabitants, through they are considerable, at least enough to expect protection, and are located over a country of more than fifty miles. In consequence of the serious depredations of the Indians many of the inhabitants have deserted their homes, and been compelled to drive their cattle to the more thickly settled portions of the country, thogh since some of the Indians have been chastised they are returning and feel more secure in their persons, and property. The best position for a post is, in my opinion, on Eel River, near the head of Larrabee Creek, about sixty-five miles southeast from Fort Humboldt. It should be built immediately, and garrisoned by at least one full company, with a sufficient number of mules and riding saddles to mount a party large enough (say thirty) to follow rapidly and chastise all Indians that may commit depredations within fifty miles of it. This I believe will soon put a stop to all depredations and give ample security to the inhabitants and their property. Without a post but little can be accomplished and proper protection is almost impossible. The roads will be good for pack animslas during the dry season, and the facilities for building good; that is, for small dry houses. The Indians are always informed that they are punished for committing depredations on the citizens and their property, and that they will be followed and severely chastised until they desist and give some reliable pledge of permitting them to remain and follow their avocations umolested. As I have no means of subsisting the women and children found in the different ranchers, of course they are not detained as prisoners, and lose no time in informing other hostile Indians of my acts. This gives many ranchers an opportunity of escaping for the time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. B. COLLINS,

First Lieutenant, Fourth Infantry, Commanding Detachment.

Captain CHARLES S. LOVELL,

Commanding Forth Humbold, Colonel

