
About five miles from there crossed a trail leading from Sierra Blanca of eleven horsemen and seven footmen, Indians. About four miles farther the Indians jumped of from their hiding place in brush. Soon as they ran about a quarter of a mile in our rear, they mounted their horses and came on at a gallop. I got down and we all tied our animals, as we were not in a condition to flee, and then prepared to fight. The Indians came on at a furious rate. Three of our animals broke away, which divided the Indians; some went after them, leaving others on foot, except one on horseback. The Mexican fired the sergeant's gun, but lost all the caps out of the breech. The Mexican was wounded in the hip. After he had mounted the mule we all mounted. The sergeant was thrown. We then tied our mules again. Then the mounted men came back and dismounted, and were crawling on us. I then told the sergant our only chance was to mount and make a rush. The Mexican begged us not to leave him. We told him we could not save ourselves, We mounted up and started. The sergeant, I think, never got out from among the Indians. They followed after me on horseback yelling, saying, "Now let's have a race. " "Mucha buena mula; " "Mucho bravo Americano. " Is hot one in the side, shot another in the shoulder; il sundown. I lost nearly all my panole; lost $84 in cash. I struck Cow Spring about 11 a. m. on the 19th intant. I got water, and staid all day in the station. Had made arrangements to fight from chimney. Indians did not come. Started out after dark. I crossed the lower crossing of Miembres (no water). The C. S. Army ad a picket there, which I passed. I went down to Cooke's Springs, expecting I could reach the Rio Grande. I avoided the water and went on. On the morning of the 20th I reached the Rio Grande at sundown. I found a rancheria at Picacho, and was taken prisoner and taken [to] Mesilla.

Numbers 3.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Edward E. Eyre, First California Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FORT BARRETT,Pima Villages, Ariz., Ter., May 14, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you of the death of Second Lieutenant James Barrett, late of the First Cavalry California Volunteers, who was shot in a skirmish with a rebel picket at Picacho Pass, Ariz. Ter. (about thirty miles from Tucson), on the 15th of April, 1862. The only relative of the deceased is Mrs. Ellen Brady, who, when last heard from by deceased, four years ago, resided in Albany, N. Y.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. E. EYRE,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.
HDQRS. FIRST CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS CAVALRY,Fort Thorn, Ariz., July 6, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders received from the colonel commanding, dated June 17, 1862, I have the honor to make the following report:

June 21, left Tucson at 3 a. m. with Captain Fritz, Lieutenants Haden and Baldwin, First California Volunteer Cavalry, and 140 men;

