
marched thirty-five miles to Cienega de los Pinos, and encamped at 12. 30 p. m. ; water and grazing abundant. The road to-day is very good, with the exception of two or three hills. At a distance of about twenty-eight miles the road descends into the Cienega, then seven miles to water near the burned station, which stood on the hill to the right of the road. Course, southeast; thirty-five miles. June 22, left Cienega at 6 a. m. ; marched over a high, rolling country, but good wagon road, and splendid grazing all the way for a distance ofabout twenty-two miles, when the road descends through a canon for one miles, and then opens on the San Pedro Valley. Two miles farther the river is reached at the Overland Mail Station; strong bridge over the river; water and grass abundant; wood very scarce. Course, nborthwest; twenty-five miles. There found the name of Jones, the expressman. June 23, left vcamp at crossing of the san Pedro at 7. 30 a. m. The road at once leaves the river and enters a valley about one mile wide and four miles long, when it terminates at the foot of the mesa, which is gained through a narrow canon in which is a long but not very steep hill. The canon is about one miles and a half, when the top of the mesa is reached; then about fourteen iles to Overland Mail Staiton at Dragoon Spring, at which place we arrived at 12. 30 p. m. and encamped; found water sufficient, by digging, up the canon two miles, the trail to which is difficult in some places to leadn animals over. Course, northeast; nineteen miles and a half. June 24, left Dragoon Spring at 10. 30 a. m. ; was detained in consequence of scarcity of water. Marched twenty-five miles over an excellent road to Ewell's Station, arriving there at 5. 30 p. m. ; sent Captain Fritz and six men with spades to examine the spring in the mountain north of station. He had returned to station by the time the command arrived and reported only enough water for the men. Encamped at 6 p. m. Course, northeast; twenty-five miles. June 25, left Ewell's Stationat 1 a. m.,; marched fifteen miles over a very hilly and in places a very rocky road to station in Apache Pass, and encamped at 6 a. m. ; water scarce; no grass. Course, northeast; fifteen miles.

About 12 m. - I being engaged at the spring superintending the watering of animals, it being necessary to dip it with tin cups - four shots were heard in the vicinityof where the horses that had been watered were being grazed under a strong guard. Immediately thereafter it was reported that Indians were in sight and that the guard had fired to give the alarm. Almost immediately thereafter it was reported to me that the Indians were waving a white flag. I at once started for them, taking with me a white flag, and Mr. Newcomb as interpreter. At the end of about one hour I succeeded in getting sufficiently near one of them to be understood. I explained to him what I desired and asked for the cheif. At this time at least 75 to 100 Indians were in sight, many of them mounted on good-looking horses and all of them armed with file-arms, some with rifles and six-shooting pistols. Of the latter I observed a great number and occassionally single-barraled shotguns. When the chief came forward I told him we were Americans, and that our Great Captain lived at Washington; that we wished to be friends of the Apaches; that at present I was only traveling through their country, and desired he would not interfere with my men or anumals; that a great captain was at Tucson with a large number of soldier; peace with them and make them presents. He professed a great desire to be friendly with the Americans, and assured me that neither my men nor animals should be molested. He asked for tobacco and something to eat. I gave him all that could possibly be spared and we parted,

