
it descends into a broad canon, which is followed on a good road to the river. Immediately on making camp the national colors were raised amid the loud and continued cheers of the assembled command. This was the first time the Stars and Stripes floated on the Rio Grande below Fort Craig since the occupation of the country by the Confederate troops, and it being the anniversary of our National Independence, was not calculated to dampen the ardor of the command. We are now within thorty-five miles of the enemy, which the prisoners whom I have taken variously estimate from 200 to 800 strong. As soon as the horses have a little recruited (they being considerably reduced on a march of about 300 miles through a broiling sun and over a country utterly destitute of water for distances ranging from thirty-five to sixty miles) will reconnoiter his position and endeavor to ascertain his strength, which I have but little doubt of accomplishing, and in case he does not greatly outnumber me will give him a fight. July 5, moved tree miles down the river to and reoccupied Fort Thirn; three miles.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. E. EYRE,

Lieutenant Colonel, First California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding.

Leiut. BENJAMIN C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Column from California, Tuscom, Ariz.
HDQRS. FIRST CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Fort Thorn, Ariz., July 8, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the reoccupation of Fort Thorn by the squadron of First California Volunteer Cavalry, under my command, on the evening of the 5th instant. Immediately thereafetr the national colors were run up and the old flag once more floated over the garrison. On the morning of the 6th instant an express arrived from Fort Craig, with a communication from Colonel Chivington, First Colorado Volunteers, commanding Southern military District of New Mexico, a copy of which is herewith inclosed. * He also sent a communication addressed to Colonel Steele, C. S. Army, empowering me to negotiate an exchange for Captain McCleave and the men who were made prisoners with him. Soon after the express from Colonel Chivington arrived a party of men were seen approaching from the direction of Mesilla. One of them proved to tbe Captain McCleave, on his way to Fort Craig, bringing with him a proposition from Colonel Steele for an exchange for Captain Gardner, C. S. Army. Having learned from the expressman just arrived that Captain Gardner died a few days since, I at once sent Captain Fritz, First California Volunteer Cavalry, to Fort Fillmore, with a request to Colonel Steele to name any other captain General Canby had made prisoner in exchange for Captain McCleave; also proposing an exchange for the men taken with him, as well as an exchange for our expressman (Jones) and a Mr. John Lemon, of Mesilla, who was extremely kind to Captain McLemon, of Mesilla, who was extremely kind to Captain McCleave during his confinement, and who had horses ready saddled and hid out for Jones' escape. He was ordered to be hung, and was taken to a tree for that purpose, but after hanging a Mr. Marshall, who was taken out with him, his execution was postponed. Captain Fritz will probably be back to-night, when I will at once send Captain McCleave with a party of twenty-five men through to Tucson. It is not safe for a less number to travel that road on account of the Indians, and even then with the utmost caution.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

