
FEBRUARY 5-17, 1861. -Scouts from Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., and Fort Dalles, Oreg., to the Umatilla River and to Willow and Butter Creeks, Oreg., with skirmishes (8th and 10th) on the Columbia River.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Major Enoch Steen, First U. S. Dragoons.

Numbers 2. -Bvt. Major William N. Grier, First U. S. Dragoons.

Numbers 3. -Lieutenant Marcus A. Reno, First U. S. Dragoons.

Numbers 4. - Captain Joseph H. Whittlesey, First U. S. Dragoons.

Numbers 1.

Report of Major Enoch Steen, First U. S. Dragoons.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., February 18, 1861.

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward, for the information of the general commanding the department, the acccompanying reports. I dispatched Major Grier upon receiving the first reliable information of the depredations on Umatilla, Willow, and Butter Creeks, and soon after learning that there were more disturbances at Old Fort Walla Walla I sent a detachment, under Lieutenant Reno, in that direction. Of the five Indians of whom Major Grier was in pursuit, two were appreended and promptly hung by Lieutenant ReNumbers The others are now probably with Smoke Hollow, near Priest's Rapids. It is unfortunate that the major did not persist, having them almost within his grasp. Homely, the chief at Old Fort Walla Walla, promises to give information of their return to this vicinity, and will assist with his people in capturing them. I will also keep a close watch upon the actions of disaffected Indians and take immediate seps to put down any disturbances.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

E. STEEN,

Major, First Dragoons, Commanding.

Major W. W. MACKALL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.

Numbers 2.

Report of Bvt. Major William N. Grier, First U. S. Dragoons.

FORT WALLA WALLA, WASH. TER., February 14, 1861.

SIR: For the information of the commanding officer I have the honor to make the following report of a march made by my company pursuant to Orders, Numbers 5, dated headquarters Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., February 4, 1861.

Pursuant to the above named order I marched from this post on the 5th instant with forty men of my company. On the evening of the 6th was joined at my camp on the Upper Umatilla by the Indian agent (Mr. Abbott), an interpreter, and two Indian guides, who were said to know the precise position of the lodge occupied by the Indians who had been robbing in the white settllements.

Next day marched to the Lower Umatilla Crossing, and, after resting and feeding my horses, left the tersm in care of ten men (to follow on next day) and marched with thirty men to the bansk of the Columbia near the mouth of Umatilla River. Reached that point after dark. As it was totally impracticable to get the horses across the Columbia,

