
Journal of the march of a detachment of the Column from California, under the command of Thomas L. Roberts, Captain Company E, First Infantry California Volunteers, consisting of Company E, First Infantry California Volunteers, 72 men; Company B, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Captain J. C. Cremony, 24 men; battery consisting; of two prairie howitzers, First Lieutenant W. W. Thompson, 20 men; detachment of Company H, First Infantry California Volunteers, First Lieutenant A. B. MacGowan, 10 men; 22 teams, Jesse R. Allen, wagon master. Total, 126 men, 242 animals.

July 10. - Left Tucson 4. 30 a. m. ; road level and good, through low mesquite. Halted infantry and battery at 11. 30 a. m; sent thrain and cavalry ahead; found tank about half full of water; had sufficient for the command that remained; road continues good and slightly rolling until within about seven miles of camp; here road leaves mesa and descends to bed of stream down two hills, one quite steep and both rocky; balance of the road to camp for the most part through low ground; will be bad after much rain. After desceding hills, roadpasses through narrow canon; good cover for Indians; about four miles and three-[quarters] becoming to camp water-holes few yards to right of road, but bad; from one mile to once and a half before coming to camp passed ruins of abode buildings left-hand side; camp on opposite side of first rise of ground after passing aode ruins; water excellent and in abundance it in it; wood sufficient. Arrived at Cienega 6 p. m. ; thirty miles.

July 12. - Left camp 1 a. m. ; road continued through low ground between three and four miles; road rough and badly water-washed. The road through here will be bad after much rain. On entering canon between barren hills, roads fork; keep to the left. Soon after entering canon come to steep rocky hill with gradual ascent following for half a mile; road balance of way to Sant Pedro hard and smotth, over rolling country, where water and grass are plenty, but wood scarce.

July 13. - Filled both thanks and divided command, taking with me sixty infantry, the battery, and eight cavalry - three of the latter to express back to Captain Cremony, whom I left in command. Left the detachment of Company H, Lieutenant MacGowan commanding, and three cavalrymen, agreeably to orders. Left camp 1 a. m. ; arrived at Dragoon Spring 8 a. m. Skirmished up canon to find water, which I found from one-half to three-quarters of a mile. Found plenty for the command I had, but no more. Dispatched Sergeant Mitchell of the cavalry and four men to examine springs on abother road, where I was informed there was plenty of water.

This night it rained very hard, and before Sergeant Mitchell returned expressed to Captain Cremony by the three cavalrymen remaining to move forward with the train and cattle. Sergeant Mitchell reprts plenty of water at the place he went to examine, and close to the surface, similar to the Maricopa Wells. I immediately went to work improving the canon for watering purposes, and although the following morning there was no water running in the canon where the night before it was a perfect torrent, had plenty for all the animals of the entire command; going up the canon will find several water holes; keep on until come to spring, which I covered over with brush house to keep it for drinking and cooking purposes. Still above this found a natural basin in rock, which I cleaned out, rendering it capable of holding from 600 to 800 gallons.

