
July 17. - Left camp 8 a. m; road passes through canon about two miles; most of the way very narrow between high mountains. About three miles from mouth of canon found three bodies a short distance from the left-hand side of the road, and still farther to the left another body. They lay out on the plain away from all cover. Two had on Government shoes. Doctor McKee, the surgeon, decided them all to be Indians. Some distance farther on to the left of [road] found what appeared to have been a cavalry camp, undoubtedly that of Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre. Still farther on, close to the right of road, found a large blood stain on the ground and hair, apparently that of a white man, and at different places in this vicinity found the following articles: Arrows, some broken, one iron-pointed; a pistil-holster, blood-stained, with the initials "N. W. " or "M. W. "; a clay pipe; also an Indian's bag (blood-stained), containing smoking material and pipe. Road good and desceding to San Simon. Foudn water in holes, being nothing but surface water, very muddy and bad for drinking and cooking; can find no other; have been from six to seven miles above.

THOS. L. ROBERTS,

Captain Company E, First Infantry California Volunteers.

SAN SIMON STATION, July 19, 1862.

Numbers 5.

Reports of Captain John C. Cremony, Second California Cavalry.

APACHE PASS, ARIZ. TER., July 16, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform you of the following circumstances:

On the 15th instant, while en route from Dragoon Spring to this place with a force of about fifty-four men in charge of the Government train of twenty-one wagons, under the care of Mr. Jesse R. Allen, wagon-master, and about 7. 30 o'clock in the evening, when fourteen miles distant from the stationin Apache Pass, I was met by Sergeant Mitchell Cavalry California Volunteers, who informed me that you had been attacked by the Apaches in Apache Pass about noon of that day and that after a sharp conflict you had routed the savages, and also informing me that you would come out to meet me with an infantry force, so as to assure the security of the train. Not knowing how near I might be to the canon in which your greatly superior force had been attacked, and being unwilling to subject the train and the men under my orders to a moonlight attacked, and being unwilling to subject the train and the men under my orders to a moonlight attack in the pass in which the savages would possess every advantage, I immediately corralled the train and held it in security and unmolested until joined by you about 11. 30 o'clock of the same night. I regret to report the loss of 3 horses, 1 saddle, 1 bridle and saddle blanket, 1 nosebag, 1 currycomb and brush, 1 carbine sling, 1 haversack, and 1 pair of spurs, the horsesbeing killed and the artcles abobe specified being captured by the Apaches, who waylaid Sergeant Mitchell and his small party on theor way back from the pass to the train. I am also pained to report that Private Jesse T. Maynard, of the same party, was severely wounded by a musket shot through the right forearm, near the elbow. The following verbal report of the attack on Sergeant Mitchell's party has been made to me by him: He states that in obedience to your order he left Apache Pass on the afternoon of

