
the 15th instant, afetr you had routed the savages, accompanied by Privates Maynard, King, Young, Keim, and Teal, of Company B, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, and then, when about four miles to the westward of the canon, on his way to rejoin the train, his party was waylaid and attacked by about forty Apaches, who were in ambush among some mesquite trees and rocks between two swells of land. The horsesof Privates Maynard and Keim were shot, and Maynard wounded by the fire. At this time private John W. Teal was about 250 yards in the rear, leading his horse to rest him, and the savages were between Teal and his party. Finding the enemy too numerous to attack with the small and weakened force the sergeant retreated and arrived safely in camp with Privates Maynard, King, and Young, Private Keim's horses having fallen in a dying condition about a miles distant and he having remained to secure his saddle, bridle, &amp;c., which he did, and came up about twenty minutes later. There was every reason to fear that Private John W. Teal had fallen a victim to the savages, but it affords me pleasure to add that about 10. 30 o'clock of the same night Private Teal arrived on foot unharmed, and bringing with him all his arms and ammunition. His report is as follows: Finding himself cut off from Sergeant Mitchell's party he struck off by himself at a gallop down the valley which forms between the two swells of land already mentioned, and was closely pursued by fifteen savages, who fired repeatedly at him, shooting his horse through the heart. He immediately threw himself flat on the ground and defended himself with his carbine. The savages seemed disposed to close upon him, when he drew his pistol and saber, they drew off and circled round him, firing at him and he returning their fire with his carbine. This unequal contest lasted for one hour and a half, when they gradually withdrew and he made good his retreat to the place we encamped, arriving at the time above specified.

I have the honor to be, your obedient, humble servant,

JOHN C. CREMONY,

Captain, Commanding Company B, Second Cavalry California Volunteers.

Captain THOMAS L. ROBERTS,

Commanding Detachment from California Column, California Vols.

SAN PEDRO STATION, July 22, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you of my arrival at this post at 3 a. m. of this date in charge of the train which accompanied the command of Captain Roberts, First Infantry California Volunteers. The accompanying report* of that officer will explain the route over which we passed in going from Tucson, and the severe conflict had with the savages in Apache Pass, together with such other points of information as Captain Roberts may have possessed. Being fully impressed with the danger of attempting to take the train back through Apache Pass with my small command of thirty-nine men in the face of the fact that the Indians had not hesitated to attack and fight for six hours a command of 130, and knowing the value of the train, I returned by the road made by Captain (now General) Charles P. Stone. This route is about ten miles longer than the one leading to Dragoon Spring and through Apache Pass; but in all other respects it is so greatly superior

---------------

* See p. 128.

---------------

