
of rebellion became manifest in California. "Treason stalked abroad. " In the southern part of the Statean open rupture was apprehended. In consequence of this condition of affairs the command of Colonel Carleton was diverted from its original destination by General Sumner, department commander, and moved to the infested district. About the 1st of October the troops moved down the coast and formed a camp near Los Angeles, called Camp Latham. On the 14th three companies of the First Cavalry California Volunteers, under the command of Major Eyre, of the same regiment, were ordered to relieve the regulra troops stationed at San BernandiNumbers This place was the hot-bed of secessionism in California. On the same day order were received to send three companies of the First Infantry California Volunteers, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel J. R. West, to relieved the regulars stationed at Fort Yuma. Regular troops stationed at different parts of the State were ordered to rendezvous at two points, viz, San Diego and San Pedro, for the purpose of embarkation, orders having been issued by the War Department that all regular troops on the Pacific coast be sent to the seat of war in the East. Brigadier General E. V. Sumner, at that time un command of the Department of the Pacific, was also ordered in. On the departure of General Sumner, Colonel George Wright, Ninth U. S. Infantry, assumed command of the department. The Southern District of California was turned over by Colonel Wright to the command of Colonel Carleton.

During the two succeeding months quiet and order were restored throughout the southern part of the State. the distribution of the troops indicated to the disafected the determination of the authorities to keep California firm and steadfast to the Union. On the 12th of January Colonel Carleton was summoned to San Francisco, to consult with Colonel Wright in reference to the movement of troops into Utah. About this tiem rumors reached California that Van Dorn, of the rebel service, was fitting out an expedition for the invasion of California by way of Arizona. The fact was well established that Arizona and a portion of New Mexico were occupied by Confederate troops, and it was apparent to all that California was more accessible through Arizona by way of Fort Yuma than any other point. Fort Yuma, located on the Colorado River, on the southeastern line of the State, is our extreme outpost. Surrounded as it is by a vast desert, if once in the possession of an enemy the key to the State was lost. In view of all these threatened dangers to the State and coast, general Wright suggested to the War Department that perhaps the Goveretter served by throwing the California troops into Arizona and driving the rebels from that Territory. A double object would thus be gaine; first, an effectual guard would be kept against any invasion of the Pacifis coast from that quarter; second, the California troops would fall in the rear of the Confederate forces then in New Mexico and assist the Federal forces in expelling them from that Territory.

The suggestions of General Wright were favorably received by the War Department. The feasibility of the movements was so apparent that the consent of that Department was at once obtained. On the receipt of the decision of the War Department authority was granted to Colonel Carleton to organize and fit out the expedition. The Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, under the command of Colonel George W. Bowie; also Company A, Third U. S. Artillery, with a light battery, under command of First Lieutenant John B. Shinn, of the U. S. Army, were added to Colonel Carleton's command; also Captain Cremony's company, Second Cavalry California Volunteers. Active preparations

