
were at once made for the movement of the column. It was important that the troops should move as soon as possible, in orderthat they might receive the benefit of the cool winter weather while passing ovr the Gila and Colorado Deserters. The great distance from the Pacific Ocean to the Rio Grande, the entire and complete desolation of nearly the whole route, presented obstacles almost insurmountable to marching a column of over 2,000 men and the same number of animals. It was well known that forage and provisions could be obtained but at two points between Fort Yuma and the Rio Grande in time of peace, and then in limited quntities, viz, at the Pima Villages and at Tucson; and it being well known that the enemy occupied one, if not both, of these points, it was necessary that transportation should be made entirely independent of them. The greatest dif to be in subsisting animals. Unless this could be done rations could not be furnished the troops, and the expedition would necessarily fall to the ground.

With the commencement of preparations came unlooked-for difficulties. Not for twenty years had a winter of such severity occurred in California. The whole country was flooded; hundreds of horses and cattle mired down in the open plains and were lost. For weeks it was almost impossible to move a vehicle of any kind, and the movement of baggage trains was out of the question. In the meantime commissary stores and forage were sent by sea to Fort Yuma, making this point a general depot and be of operations. The troops during this terrible winter lived in tents. As the rain subsided and the ground became more settled the troops were gradually moved toward Fort Yuma by companies of twos and threes. A sub-depot was formed at Oak Grove, near the edge of the Yuma Desert, 120 miles from Los Angeles, called Camp Wright. From this point to Fort Yuma, 180 miles, it is a continuous desert, entirely destitute of vegetations; water very scarce and generally of bad quality. Before moving the troops on this desert Colonel carleton sent out parties and had the wells cleaned out and new ones dug, in orders that every drop of water might be available. Forage for the animals was deposited at different points etween Camp Wright and Fort Yuma. The troops were marched across by companies, one day apart. At some of the wells there was so little water that it was necessary to dip it out in a pint cup, this consuming nearly a whole night in watering 100 animals. In order that this desert may be more thoroughly understood, I quote from the notes of Lieutenant-Colonel West, of the First Infantry California Volunteers, who marched the first three companies over. The description of the route commences at Oak grove, Camp Wright, near the edge of the desert:

Left Camp Wright, near Warner's ranch, at 7. 30 a. m. ; marched five miles over pleasant rolling roads and well-wooded country to La Puerta, at which place found mountain stream, but no place for a camp-ground; thence by fair road, without water, to San Felipe, eight miles; pasturage good, but no wood; water neither over-abundant not good; camp-ground inferior. Left San Felipe at 3. 30 a. m. by heavy, hilly roads to Vallecito. Road sandy through bottom land to first hill, seven miles; thence broken road, six miles, a great portion of which is a canon, with but one wagon track, winding between cliffs. A very small force could oppose and enemy of far superior numbers. The latter part of the road move level. On the left side and about half a mile from the road is a spring that affords water enough for fifty men; thence a small, rugged hill is surrounded and a valey reached, five miles in length, by sandy road to Vallecito; water in fair supply; no wood bust mesquite bushes; pasturage fair. Left Vallecito at 3. 30 a. m. ; marched nine miles by heavy, sandy road to Carriso Creek; no pasturage. The country has now become a complete desert of most forbidding aspect. The creek is a small stream, affording an abundant supply of

