
water of an inferior quality. The bottom land is filled with a stunted growth of mesquite and arrow bushes. Left Carriso Creek at 11. 30 a. m., following the stream and constantly crossing it; road heavy and sandy; thence over a level road, with semwhat improved traveling, four miles, to a short, steep hill; thence to a level plain, with desdert brush, to Sackett's Wells. Last part of the road fair traveling; to indian Well. Indian Well is some thirty feet deep; water good, but in small quantities. Signal Mountain is a prominent landmark; bears southwest about fifteen miles; reached camp at 11 p. m; distance, fifteen miles. Left at 5 p. m. for New River Station; road a perfect level, over an alkali plain, with a few patches of mesquite bushes; road dusty and heavy for wagons; well deep; water scarce and of inferior quality. Started at 5 p. m. for Alamo; road heavy, over barren flat; there is a well some thirty feet deep, affording some water. Left at 4 p. m. for Gardner's Wells; no water; nine mileame character of road and country, to salt or Seven Wells; water plenty, but brackinsh. Starte at 4 p. m., nine miles, to Cooke's Wells; first two miles and a half bad road. At Cooke's Wells water and wood abundant and good; thence, fifteen mils, to Pilot Knob. Camped on the bank of the Colorado at foot of mountain. From Cooke's the road is generally good, through mesquite flat, and latter part through Indian Gardens; distance, twenty-five miles. Started at 1. 30 p. m. The road follows the Rio Colorado to Fort Yuma; distance, ten miles; road much broken. Reached Fort Yuma at 4. 30 p. m.

I have been thus minute in detail in order that a correct idea may be had of some of the difficulties encountered in marching troops across this desert. It will be seen that nearly every march was made in the night-time. By starting at 4 or 5 in the afternoon the march would be accomplished before daylight, thus enabling men it sleep a part of the night. The ground did not become sufficiently settled for the movement of Shinn's battery until the 13th of April. Previous to this nearly all the command had been moved toward Fort Yuma, one company only remaining to accompany the battery. Colonel Carleton arrived at Fort Yuma on the 9th of April. Active preparations we made to move the command eastward without delay. Water tanks, holding 600 gallons each, were prepared to accompany each detachment. Contractors were made at Fort Yuma to have hay cut and deposited at different points between the fort and the Pima Villages. It was ascertained that Tucson was still in the hands of the Texans. Their pickets extended down the Rio Gila till within fifty miles of Fort Yuma. Hay deposited at different points by Colonel Carleton's agents was burned. The Pima Indians are an agruciltural people, and cultivate large quantities of wheat. Knowing this fact and the importance of securing as much as possible, Colonel Carleton had for some time been in communication with an American living at these villages. He was directed to purchase all the wheat the Indians had. A considerable quantity was thus accumulated; but before the advance of the column reached that point the Texans had destroyed it all, with the exception of a small quantity the Indians had cached. This was a serious loss, but the growing crosp had not been molested, and Colonel Carleton was enabled to secure a considerable amount for his animals. Two companies of infantry and one of cavalry were sent forward toward the Pima and Tucson. As out forces advanced the Texans fell back to Tucson. The command followed them to within a short distance of that place; but, not feeling sufficiently strong to attack them, fell back to the Pima. Lieutenant-Colonel West was then ordered forward with four companies of infantry. The following itinerary was made by Lieutenant West:

To Gila City, seventeen miles; no grass, wood; camp on river; thence to Mission Camp, eleven miles; wood, water, and a little grass; wood, water, and grass four miles farther on. From Mission Creek to Fillibuster is six miles; thence to Antelope

