
I left them on the bank of the river in charge of thirteen men, and by means of two very leaky skiffs managed to get seventeen men across the river by 11 o'clock at night; then proceeded on foot through the rain and darkness, over rocks and hills, desirous to reached the place (about an hour before day) where these Indians were know to have been a day or two before. Made the necessary disposition for surrounding them at break of day. On closing in upon that point, with great disappointment discovered that the occupatns had fled, on warning given them (as I afterward learned) by a Walla Walla Indian. Our guides, who were mounted, then moved up the river in search of them, and returned with information that they were in camp some six miles higher up on the Columbia. I then moved up with my weary and foot-sore detachment, the last two miles compelled to move in full view of the Indians, who took the alarm and mounted their horses to make their esape up the river. Just before coming into the range of view from the lodge I put four of my men on the ponies of our guides, and sent them on circuitous route behind the hills, so as to get onto the river-bank above the lodge. They succeeded in doing so before my men on foot could get up, and met give Indians mounted endeavoring to escape; fired on them, killing one of their horses. The Indians then dismounted and ascended the mountain, the soldiers firing upon them, but without effect. The detachment on foot arrived too late-after the Indians had got out of reach. Captured six or seven horses and two saddles. On one of the saddles found a pair of saddle-bags containing a pocket-book and other articles said to have been stolen from a Mr. Grover, one of the settlers on Butter Creek or Willow Creek. The captured property was taken charge of by Mr. Abbott with a view to return it to the owners when called for. I then returned, and succeeded in recrossing the Columbia and joined my camp soon after dark on same day. Next day (the 9th) returned lo Lower Umatilla Crossing, at the same time sent a message to the occupants of some fifteen to twenty lodges scattered along the right bank of the Columbia between the mouth of Umatilla River and Willow Creek. These Indians were directed to move at one to their reserves, and next morning proceeded to do so, a portion of them moving toward the Simcoe Reservation, where they belonged, and the others crossing to this side of the Columbia to come to the Umatilla Reservation. I then returned with my command, reaching this post to-day. Total distance traveled, about 180 miles.

Very respectfully,

WM. N. GRIER,

Brevet Major, Captain, First Dragoon

Lieutenant J. WHEELER, Jr.,

Post Adjutant, Fort Walla Walla, Wash, Ter.

Numbers 3.

Report of Lieutenant Marcus A. Reno, First U. S. Dragoons.

FORT WALLA WALLA, February 14, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to instructions I left this post February 9, 1861, with Company E, First Dragoons, and proceeded to the Columbia River, encamping near the place where the Indians of whom I was in pursuit had been last seen. Immediately

