
Peak, nine miles; grass within three-quarters of a mile; camp at station. From this place to Mohawk Station, twenlve miles; no grass; camp on the river. To Texas Hill, eleven miles; a little grass on the hill station, half a mile back from the river. Lagoon Camp; fine water, wood, grass, and shade; thence to Burnwell's ranch, eleven miles; very dusty and disagreeable; men nor animals cannot recruit much. At Grassy Camp, three miles distant, they do much better. From Grassy Camp to Berk's Station, six miles; a very poor camp; little better at Oatman Flat, eleven miles farther. From Oatman Flat to Kenyon Station, eleven miles; poor camp; no grass. To Shady Camp, ten miles; everything good. From Shady Camp to Gila Bend, four miles; wood and water, but no grass; thence to Desert Station, twenty-two miles; good no water or grass. To the Tanks, seven miles; same as Desert Station. To Maricopa Wells, elevn miles; plenty of brackich water; some salt grass; and from thence to the Pima Villages, eleven miles, road fair, with some sloughs.

The march from Fort Yuma to the Pima Villages was fatiguing in the extreme. The intense heat and alkali dust was almost unbearable; both men and animals suffered very much. As fast as possible the troops were pushed forward. On the 14th of May Lieutenant-ColonelWest was sent forward by way of Fort Breckinridge with four companies of infantry. This fort was reoccupied, and the Starts and Stripes again floated to the breeze. From Fort Breckinridge Colonel West proceeded to Tuscon by way of Canada del Ora. A description of the route is taken from the notes of Colonel West:

May 14; left Fort Barrett, Pima, at 7 a. m; tends toward the river on the left hand; detached and irregular mountains from five to nine miles to the right; soil becomes sandy and the country desert. Greasewood and mesquite wood abounded, but no thickets. The river is gradually approached and touched at Sacaton Station; there plenty of sacaton grass; a poor article for pasturage; good camp on the river; road fine for marching and transprotation. Course, east-northeast. 15th, left Sacaton Station at 5. 40 a. m; road parts from the river and leaves it from one to two miles to the left; mountain spurs trend off southeast; a one peak about one mile and a half long is detached from the main range; the Butterfield road to Tucson passes between the peak and main mountain; a picket there can effectually watch both roads. A small lagoon of water is found at the north base. The Picacho is plainlyvisible throughout the day's march. Dense mesquite thickets; road fine for marching and transportation. Camp on the river in a cottonwood grove one-quarter of a mile below White's; good grazing and fine. Course, east by south. May 16, left White's at 5. 50 a. m. ; road leaves the river and takes the mesa; the ascent is gradual and road good for twenty miles. Thickets of cactus and palo verde. At twenty to thirty-one miles a steep descent leads to Dry Camp, a basin in the hills of some thirty acres in area; a trail makes out of this due north to Ojo Verde Springs, four miles; the Gila Riveris three miles farther in the same direction. Ojo Verde can be used; the water is inferior and not abundant; the quality and perhaps the quantity could be improved; the improved; the spring is four miles off the road, and the return must be made by the same track. Left Dry Camp at 6. 40 p. m. ; road turns off southeast up an arroyo; very heavy sand for about six miles; then gradual ascent of five miles; then more abrupt and up high hills. At fifteen miles from Dry Camp a finger post, marked "Water," points to the right. Cottonwood Spring is distant half a mile, in a ravine. The grazing si fibe and water abundant for sucha body of troops as this. A lone cottonwood tree prominently marks the spring. Course, east by southeast. May 17, laid by. May 18, left Cottonwood Spring at 5 a. m; road over rolling hills five miles; good grass, then pass the summit, and the descent commences toward San Pedro River. Sandry arroyo for eight miles and heavy traveling; the road becomes a canon. A walnut tree, three miles west of Fort Breckinridge, marked "Water," stands in the middle of the road. At this point the road to Tuscon turns off square to the right; thence to the San Pedro and Fort Breckinridge. Colonel Carleton changed the name of this fort and called it Fort Standford, in honor of Leland Standford, Governor of California. The Fort is three miles to the right, up a canon; rocks from 100 to 300 feet high; pass from twenty to seventy yards wide; road extremely heavy. At this fort fine stream, good grazing, and abundance of wood. Course, east by south. 19th, left Fort Breckinridge at 5. 45 a. m. Returned by the canon to the walnut tree; thence turned abruptly to the left and south up a similar canon, which gradually expands to open country; road for twelve miles excessively heavy and sandy; theng hills until the foot of a mountain is reached on the left, about seventeen miles from the walnut tree. Next three miles the hills are sidding and difficult. A steep descent of one mile leads to Canada del Oro. Camp on a fire mountain stream; grazing very fine and wood abundant. This is a very

