
Pacific Ocean to the Rio Grande, from the 13th of April to the 8thn of August, and but five deaths from dicease in hospital durintg this time - two at Fort Barrett and three at Tucson. Every possible care was observed to guard against sickness. This, together with the splendid material of the men, will account for the success of the expedition and the slight mortality from disease attending it. General Carleton, on relinquishing the immediate command of the column, published the following general order, viz:

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Numbers 85. Santa Fe, N. Mex., September 21, 1862.

In entering upon the duties that remove his from immediate association with the troops constituting the Column from California the commanding general desires to express his grateful acknowledgment of the conduct and services of the officers and men of that command. Traversing a desert country, that has heretofore been regarded as impracticable for the operations of large bodies of troops, they have reached their destination, and accomplished the object assigend them, not only without loss of any kind, but improved in discipline, in morale, and in every other element of efficiency. That patient and cheerful endurance of hardships, the zeal and alacrity with which they have grappled with and overcome obstacles that would have been insurmountable to any but troops of the highest physical and moral energy, the complete abnegation of self and subordination of every personal consideration to the grand object of our hopes and efforts, give the most absolute assurance of successin any field to against any enemy.

California has reason to be proud of the sons has sent across the continent to assist in the great struggles in which our country is now engaged.

The commanding general is requested by the officer who preceded him in the command of this department to express for him the gratificationfelt by every officer and soldier of his command at the fact that troops from the Atlantic and pacific slope, from the mountains of California and Colorado, acting in the same cause, impelled by the same duties, and animated by the same hopes, have met and shaken hands in the center of this great continent.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

Very respectfully,

J. M. McNULTY,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers.

JUNE 11-OCTOBER 8, 1862. - Expedition from Camp Latham to Owen's River, Cal., with skirmish (June 24) at Owen's Lake.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel George S. Evans, Second California Cavalry.
HDQRS. FOURTH INFANTRY CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp Latham, July 14, 1862.

Major R. C. Drum,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose a copy of a report of Lieutenant-Colonel Evans in relation to the Owen's River Expedition. Major O'Neill has reported to me, and Captain McLaughlin, of the same command, has just arrived from Fort Yuma. The command of Major O'Neill, consisting of the cavalry fit for duty in camp and those brought up by Captain McLaughlin, will number twenty-five men. They will be dispatched to Owen's River so soon as the horses from Fort Yuma are fit to travel, which will be but a few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. FORMAN,

Colonel Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

10 R R - VOL L, PT I

