
through the Mono Indians, several talks with the Owen's River Indians; that, although they were at first very independent and did not care whether it was peace or war, they had since I cam einto the valley and commenced killing and destroying whenever I could find an Indian to kill or his food to destroy changed their tune and were anxious for peace. Captain George, the big war chief of these Indians, and some forty warriors were in Captain Rowe's camp when I arrived. I had a big talk with George, and he says that he is tired fighting; that it is no good; that he wishes to be friends with the white men; that if they will let him alone he will let them alone. I told him that I came here to fight and kill Indians, because the big general had been told and believed that the Indians wanted to fight, but that if they did not want to fight I did not want to fight; that I would write to the big captain at San Francisco and tell him that the Indians did not want to fight, but wanted to be friends, and that it would be all right. He seemed much pleased, and sait that he would send word to all the Indians that he had made friends with the white men, and that if any bad Indian stole anything or did anything bad he would bring him to me to punish, and that if the white man did anything bad to him he would come and tell me; that he would do what I told him. To Captain Rowe is due great praise for his skill and management in getting the Indians together and having for his skill and management in getting the Indians together and having talks with them and preparing the way for a speedy settlement of these Indian difficulties. Captain George is now in my cang will be quiet hereafter, in my opinion, unless the whites first commit outrages upon the Indians. They are very badly frightened and, I think, are in earnest about wanting peace. As I have no instructions or authority to make any treaty, I most respectfully ask for different instructions as to what course I shall pursue with these indians under the circumstances; also as to what time I shall have to remain in this valley, so that I can make arrangements accordingly. I send this communication by way of Aurora direct to headquarters, instead of through Colonel Forman (in accordance with my instructions), for the reason that I deem it important that the facts should be laid before the general as soon as possible, and by sending by Aurora it will reach San Francisco in half of the time that it would by way of Los Angeles. If my instructions in reply to this communication are sent directed to Aurora, in care of Captain Rowe, he will have a messenger bring them down the river opposite to my camp, where he can swim over, leaving his horses. I can receive them in no other mode, for the river is impassable for horses and will be for some weeks yet. Hoping that the course pursued by myself may meet the approbation of the general.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. EVANS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Cavalry Calfornia Volunteers, Commanding Owen's River Expedition.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco.
HEADQUARTERS OWEN'S RIVER EXPEDITION,September 16, 1862.

COLONEL: I arrived at this place, twenty-five miles below Camp Independence, on yesterday, where I met the command moving down the valley, bag and baggage, almost in a state of mutiny. The command

