
upon my arrival I sent out scouts to discover, if possible, any clue which would enable me to capture them. About 9 o'clock that night I received information that they were some miles below my camp on the river. I started with a small party and, proceeding rapidly, succeeded in surprising their camp. I found but two of the Indians who had been committing depredations in that vicinity. After a short but severe struggle in which but my first sergeant, Private Moran, and myself were engaged for a short time, I succeeded in securing them and bringing them to my camp. They were immediately recognized as desperate characters, having been punished in the guard-house and whipped by Colonel Wright. Early next morning and in presence of the whole tribe with whom they had been living I had them hung, teling their tribe at the same time that any future harboring of such murderers and thieves would be interpreted as hostility to the whites, and punished accordingly. I have particularly to recommend the zeal and activity of Lieutenant Kellogg, First Sergt. Daniel Coleman, and Private Morgan, of Company E, First Dragoons.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. A. RENO,

Second Lieutenant, First Dragoons, Commanding Troop E.

Lieutenant J. WHEELER, Jr.,

Adjutant, Fort Walla Walla, Wash Ter.

Numbers 4.

Report of Captain Joseph H. Whittlesey, First U. S. Dragoons.

FORT DALLES, OREG., February 17, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major commanding, that in conformity with his orders and instructions of the 9th I left this post on the 10th instant with twenty-eight of my company, suitably rationed and equipped. Crossed to the north bank of the Columbia and proceeded up the river for the purpose of "finding and chastising the Indians who had recently committed depredations upon the property of settlers on the Umattila River, Willow Creek, and Butter Creeks," &amp;c. Having learned from the whites on the route and from friendly Indians that the depredations had been committed by a party of seven Indians whose names and nationality are as follows-Hal-eese, Cul-pas, How-deu-doo, Lask Chluen (Umatillas), and Nuck-eapal-a-te, Wee-lo-la-cum, and Why-ame (supposed to be Walla Wallas)-and that Hal-eese and Cul-pas were on the same side of the river on which I was moving, and that the first was among the Indians at the mouth of Nowaway Creek, near the foot of Long Island, I made a night march with twenty men to surround and surprise the village and capture him at daylight on the morning of the 14th instant. On my arrival, however, I found that the villagers had fled the night before, abandoning their houses and property. Notwithstanding this I soon placed myself in communication with them by means of friendly Indians who accompanied me, and demanded the surrender of my of the offenders who might be with them. Alarmed as they were by the proximity of a detachment of dragoons a little above, on the other side of the Columbia from Fort Walla Walla, and the presence of those of my party, they readily agreed to this and soon delivered to me Hal-eese. The next morning they informed me where Cul-pas could be found, and sent three men to accompany my guide, Cris Gilson, and two Rock

