
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, September 29, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Babbitt and Captain Kellogg, who will see that the troops at Owen's River and Visalia are properly supplied forthwith. Such articles used for winter campaign (as gloves, &amp;c.) company to the extent of supplying that company.

By order of Major-General Wright:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 29, 1862.

The gloves at Fort Vancouver have all been sold at auction.

Respectfully,

E. B. B[ABBITT],

Deputy Quartermaster-General.

[Third indorsement]

SUBSISTENCE OFFICE,

San Francisco, Cal., September 30, 1862.

Notwithstanding the requirements of paragraph 3, General Orders, Numbers 26, Department of the Pacific, July 1, 1862, and of my circular March 20, 1862, which has been liberally distributed (copy herewith), no requisition for subsistence supplies has been received from this command. On the 13th instant I turned over for transportation direct to Lieutenant Goodman, acting commissary of subsistence, at Camp Independence, 25,000 complete rations, except fresh beef. This was forwarded upon a requisition from the depot acting commissary of subsistence (Lieutenant Morgan) at San Pedro. In his letter of the 29th ultimo, transmitting said requisition, Lieutenant Morgan says: "I have received orders from headquarters department, San Francisco, to forward to Captain Goodman, acting commissary of subsistence, Camp Independence, before the rainy season commences, sufficient supplies to last that command until next spring. " It is presumed that what supply was before furnished to this expedition was carried with it from Camp Latham and obtained from San Pedro, but its quantity is not known to me. There has been no deficiency in supplies at San Pedro or Camp Latham. A few days since 20,000 rations were shipped for Visalia. No information has been received at this office giving the number of troops at Camp Independence or at Visalia, or the probable time of stay at those points of either command. Such data from official source is essential to me. In this connection reference is requested to a letter by Captain M. D. L. Simpson, commissary of subsistence to department headquarters dated July 20, 1859.

JNO KELLOGG,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

HEADQUARTERS OWEN'S RIVER EXPEDITION.

Camp Independence, Cal. September 30, 1862

COLONEL: Inclosed please find a copy of a letter from the Indian superintendent (or agent) Southern District of California, directed to

