
the Indian chiefs of this valley, which was sent under cover to me, with a written request that I would read the same to said Indians. In accordance with the request I sent to Kern River and procured an interpreter, and had the letter translated to the chiefs, and made all the necessary arrangements to have all the chiefs and principal Indians of this country at my camp on the 20th of September, and here they are, and have been since that time, in number about 100. Also the sub-agent from Nevada Territory, Mr. Wassen, who is here by special request of Mr. Wentworth, but no Mr. Wentworth although this is the 30th of September instead of the 20th. I deem it my duty to make a report of these facts, for the reason that there is great danger of another outbreak amongst these Indians, arising from what they seem to think duplicity and treachery on the part of the whites. They say that they have complied with their part of the treaty, have given up their arms and families as hostages, and the whites are "mucho big lie; no give them nothing. " In short, there is a very bad spirit around amongst them, and if any trouble grows out of it I want the blame to fall where it belongs, and not upon the military. I have, through the management of Mr. Wassen, put them off with excuses for Mr. Wentworth's non-appearance until excuses have failed to be of any avail, and in order to keep them here until Mr. Wentworth does come, if he arrives within the next ten days, I have ordered the acting assistant quartermasters at this post to furnish them with meat for the period of ten days, and most respectfully ask the approval of the general commanding the department.

GEO. S. EVANS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.

[Inclosure.] OFFICE INDIAN AFFAIRS, SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, San Francisco, August 1, 1862.

TEN-NE-MAH-HA-TE AND OTHER CHIEFS OF OWEN'S RIVER:

I am instructed by the Great Father at Washington to go to your country and talk with you. I shall be there on the 20th of September. In the meantime you must remain quiet and not allow your Indians to have any more difficulty with your white neighbors. Your Great Father has a good heart for all Indians who are obedient and do not fight. The Great Father regrets that the Indians have killed their white neighbors. This must not occur again. I shall take with me some food, clothing, and blankets for the chiefs. You have lands there, and shall be protected in your rights, but never go to war. When you have trouble with the whites, come to me or the agent who will be stationed there, and he will settle if for you.

JNO P. H. WENTWORTH,

Superintendent, Agent Southern District of California.

VISALIA, October 7, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I arrived at this place with one company of cavalry (Company D), Captain M. A. McLaughlin, on yesterday, having made the trip from Owen's Big Lake over the

