
winter rendered it necessary. I thus claim that during the summer and fall of 1862 and 1863 the emigrant road has been protected in a well-planned and systematic manner and that Oregon can felicitate itself that the emigrants have not been subjected to the heartrending massacres which have sometimes carried so much pain to all on this frontier. South of Auburn and near Canyon City the Snakes have killed some miners and committed some depredations. It will no doubt be necessary next spring to send if possible an efficient expedition against these Indians into the region southeast of Fort Dalles and west of Fort Boise. The mineral wealth of that country will be explored by the hardy and adventurous miners, and it will be our duty doubtless to give them all possible protection in the undertaking. I am pleased to say that at last during the last two months a commencement has been made in the erection of batteries, for the fortifications at the mouth of the Columbia, and the chief of ordnance has promised to send heavy ordnance for them. In a letter dated the 5th of May last to the Governor of Oregon I learn that Brigadier General J. G. Totten, chief of the Engineer Department, has recommended that an iron-clad vessel be sent to this river. His words are; "It is recommended by the Engineer Department, that a strong, heavily-armored steam floating battery and ram be provided for the defense of the Columbia River. " I do most respectfully urge that this recommendation be complied with. Absorbed by the stirring events of the war, few in the Atlantic States are conscious of the limitless gold fields recently found in Oregon and in Washington and Idaho Territories, covering an extent of country as large as those of California. Thus the rapid increase in population and commerce of this region gives it now fresh claims on the care and attention of the Government.

I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.

AUGUST 10-22, 1862. - Expedition from Fort Walla Walla to the Grande Ronde Prairie, Wash. Ter., with affair (14th) at the Grande Ronde Prairie.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Benjamin Alvord, U. S. Army, commanding District of Oregon.

Numbers 2. - Colonel Justus Steinberger, First Washington Territory Infantry.

Numbers 3. - Captain George B. Currey, First Oregon Cavalry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Brigadier General Benjamin Alvord, U. S. Army, commanding District of Oregon.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON.

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., August 26, 1862

SIR: I herewith transmit for the information of the general commanding the department a copy of the report, dated 23rd instant, of Captain G. B. Currey, of Company E, First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, of his recent expedition to the Grande Ronde Valley; a copy of Colonel J. Steinberger's instructions to him, dated the 9th instant; a copy of Colonel Steinberger's dispatch of the 23rd instant, and a copy of my

