
instructions of the 20th instant, on the general subject of aiding Indian Department in requiring the Indians to live on the Indian reservation. You will perceive that the expedition was entirely successful. It resulted in the death of four death of four Indians, including the leader, Tenounis, or Big Talk on Four Mountains, otherwise called the Dreamer, whose ominous prophesies had exerted a baneful influence over the small party who followed his fortunes. The killing of these appears to have been a necessary and unavoidable act. I have no doubt that the effect of the movement will be to prevent any further aggression aginst the whites at the Grand Ronde Valley, adn will have a salutary effect on all the surrounding tribes. The great majority of the Indians on the Umatilla Reservation appear to have had no sympathy with the Dreamer or his assumptions. A report from Lieutenant-Colonel Maury, dated 17th instant, shows that his expedition had reached the Owyhee River. He had met thus far 300 wagons of emigrants. Few Indian disturbances or depredations had occurred. The emigrants express much satisfaction in the movements of troops, which have every likelihood of preventing collisions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.

Numbers 2.

Reports of Colonel Justus Steinberger, First Washington, Territory Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS.

Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., August 9, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to report that at the request of the superintendent of Indian affairs for Oregon and the Indian agent at the Umatilla Reservation, I have directed Captain Currey with twenty men of his company to proceed on a scout of fourteen days toward Grande Ronde Valley. In a personal interview with the gentleman I became convinced that a serious attack had been made upon a settlement that, unless promptly punished, might result in additional and embarrassing hostilities. Inclosed is also transmitted copy of a communication from Mr. Barnhart, and indorsed by Mr. Rector, referring to the subject. The order and letter of instructions to Captain Currey are both respectfully transmitted inclosed for the information of the commanding general of the district, which will explain my action in the matter. The absence of one subaltern of Captain Currey's company on leave of absence, and the attendance of the other on a general court-martial at this post, prevents my sending a commissioned officer at present to the Umatilla Reservation to relieve Lieutenant Hillyer. The sergeant and ten men mentioned in the order will serve all the requirements at the reservation until the re-enforcement arrives.

Trusting that the commanding general will approve this disposition of the detachment referred to, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington, Territory Infantry, Commanding Post.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

