
River Indians, in making the capture, which was accomplished by the party at a point near the junction of the Naches and Yakima Rivers, with the aid of the Yakimas. The prisoner was brought in to me two days afterward. We also received reliable information of the capture of three others of the band by troops from Walla Walla in the Umatilla, country, and thatt he remaining two had probably taken refuge among the Nez Perces. Nothing more being left for me to do, I sent information of what I had learned and accomplished to the commanding officer of Fort Walla Walla and to the agent of the Umatillas, and returned with my two prisoners to this post, where I arrived this morning. I am happy to state that it is my convinction, based upon the opinion of Judge Humason and Mr. Fairchild, of this place, who acccompanied me as volunteers, and of Mr. Sykes and Mr. Gilson, my guides and interpreters, that all the Indians in this region are well affected toward the whites, and that not the slightest danger of an outbreak this summer exists. The prompt show of force from this post and from Fort Walla Walla, so happily and spontaneously combined, though in the present friendly relations, will have an excellent effect in proving our ability and promptness to punish the evil-disposed. Two horses, two rifles, a saddle, &amp;c., of the stolen property are in my hands. My prisoners say that of the fourteen horses they stolen ten broke away from them and escaped, and that they had no aid or connivance of others except of the seven above named. I received valuable consel and assistance from the citizens who accompanied me, and the exploit of Cris Gilson, who with five friendly Indians captured Cul-pas and after a ride of nearly 200 miles without rest brought him in security to me, is worthy of high commendation.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WHITTLESEY,

Captain, First Dragoons, Commanding Company H.

Lieutenant H. C. HODGES,

Fourth Infantry, Post Adjutant.

[Indorsement.]

FORT DALLES, OREG., February 17, 1861.

Respectfully forwarded.

Section 26 of an act approved June 30, 1864, requires the offenders to be "transported to the Territory or judicial district having jurisdiction. " But not knowing where to send the prisoners I ask for instructions from the district commander. The witnesses are: Captain Joseph H. Whittelesey, Firt Dragons; Mr. Sykes, Mr. Christopher Gilson, and Judge O. Humason, of Dalles City, Oreg.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Major Fourth Infantry, Commanding Post.

MARCH 18, 1861. -Affair on the Columbia River near the Kootenay River, Wash. Ter.

Reports of Bvt. Major Pinkney, Lugenbeel, Ninth U. S. Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Colville, Wash. Ter., March 31, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report for your information that a druken row occurred on the 18th instant between some miners, eleven in number, and some Lake Indians, nine in number, on the Columbia River,

