
[Inclosure Numbers 1.] UMATILLA INDIAN RESERVATION, August 4, 1862

Colonel J. STEINBERGER, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Walla Walla, Wash., Ter.:

COLONEL: I have respectfully to request that you will order a detachment of twenty-five or thirty mounted men to proceed to Grande Ronde Valley for the purpose of arresting certain refractory Indians who are creating a serious disturbance among the settlers in that valley. These Indians belong to the Umatilla Indina Reservation, but do not recognize their treaty obligations. They have refused to allow white men to settle in the valley, and have already driven away several men by threats of violence. Should those Indians be permitted to remain where they are at present congregated, difficulties of a serious character must occur between them and the white settlers. If two or three of the leaders of the party are captured at once and placed in confinement in the guard-house at Fort Walla Walla the whole affair may be checked and no further trouble in that quarter be apprehended. I have also respectfully to request that when the infantry detachment at the reservation is relieved a detachment of twenty mounted men may take their place, to remain permanently, for the preservation of peace and good order on the reservation. The great influx of travel to the mines directly through the reservation causes much dissatisfaction in the minds of the Indians and renders it absolutely necessary that a small force be kept constantly at the agency.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. BARNHART,

U. S. Indian Agent, Umatilla Reservation.

Approved.

WM. H. RECTOR

Superintendent Indian Affairs.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 170. Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., August 16, 1862

I. Lieutenant J. T. Apperson, Compamy E, First Oregon Cavalry, with fifteen men of that company, will leave this post to-morrow morning, 17th instant, and proceed without delay to the Umatilla Reservation.

II. This detachment with the ten men of the same company now at that point, will remain there until the arrival of Captain Currey with his command, for the protection of Government property and assistance in the enforcement of the authority of the agent of the Indian Department.

III. Forty rounds of ammunition and seven days' subsistence will be taken with the party.

IV. Instructions will be furnished Lieutenant Apperson from these headquarters.

By order of Colonel Steinberger:

WM. MYLES,

First Lieutenant First Washington Territory Infantry, Post Adjutant.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] HEADQUARTERS. Fort Walla Walla, Wash., Ter., August 9, 1862

Captain GEORGE B. CURREY,

First Oregon Cavalry, Fort Walla Walla., Wash., Ter.:

SIR: Representations have been made by the Indian agent at the Umatilla Indian Reservation, and confirmed by the superintendent of

