
the immediate punishment served, has, I think, produced a salutary effect for their future good conduct. It convinces them of the determination and ability of the Government to protect its citizens from outrage and enforce inviolate our stipulated relations.

I am, very, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER.

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

No. 3.

Reports of Captain George B. Currey, First Oregon Cavalry.

GRANDE RONDE, August 15, 1862

SIR: On the second day from Umatilla Agency I surprised Tenounis' (the Dreamer) camp, about 1 o'clock at night. Held a long talk with him, endeavoring to induce him to go with me to Walla Walla, Wash. Ter. This he obstinately refused. I gave him until 8 a. m. to consider in. At the expiration of that time he told me that if the tyee at Walla Walla wished to see him he might come, but that he would not go . I then concluded to make him a prisoner. This he resisted, firing at me twice. I shot him with a revolver, as well as one of his principal men. While this was going on several shots were fired among my men from a crowd of some fifteen or twenty Indias, whom I had supposed to be mere spectators. One fire from my men's yagers sent them out of sight except two, who fell. The Indians claim that the two shot by the men were friendly Indians. This may create some dissatisfaction among those on the reserve. I shall remain here a day or two to recruit my horses and watch the shape things are taking.

Yours, respectfully,

GEO. B. CURREY,

Captain, First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers.

Commanding OFFICER AT FORT WALLA WALLA, WASH. TER.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter. August 23, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to Orders, Numbers 161, dated at this place, August 9, 1862, on the morning of the 10th instant I started for the Umatilla Indian Reservation and Grande Ronde Prairie, with a detachment of thirty enlisted men of Company E, First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers. Arrived at the Umatilla Indian Reservation, Oregon, on the 11th instant, and in compliance with paragraph III, Orders, Numbers 161, I detailed Sergeant Ammons and ten men to relieve Lieutenant Hillyer and his detachment of California volunteers on detached duty at that place. On the morning of the 12th, with the remainder of the detachment, I set out at sunrise for Grande Ronde Prairie, with your writteno carefully inquire into and arrest the leaders in the late attack upon the white settlers. Encamped for the night on Grande Ronde River. Distance from agency, forty miles. Left camp at sunrise on the morning of the 13th; traveled eight miles to settlements. Remained several hours, making inquiry among the settlers concerning the recent conduct of the Indians in that vicinity. From the settlers I

