
met with very little trouble from Indians, and that at or near Raft River, Fort Hall appearing to be the focus of their operations east and west. At the falls they say that a war council is being held in that vicinity at present, to determine upon peace or war with other tribes, the Blackfeet, &amp;c. From the character, as charged by the emigrants, of the depredations committed this season I cannot resist the conclusion but that white persons were the instigators and allies of the Indians.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers.

Commanding Emigrant Road Expedition.

General BENJAMIN ALVORD.

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.
HEADQUARTERS EMIGRANT ROAD EXPEDITION.

Camp on Malheur River, Oreg. October 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report our arrival on the return trip at this camp in excellent health. As when going up Snake River, the Indians have been very shy of our camp, keeing almost entirely on the opposite bank of the river, although whenever possible theyhave visited the emigrant camp with much sang froid and impundence. They have studiously avoided, with the exception of a very few at the falls, our camps to such an extent event hat on the appearance of a few of our men in any camp they would immediately leave. It is a satisfaction to report also that with the exception of an occasional loss, first by straying of a few heads of stock, I have not learned of the loss, or any material damage, to of a single individual between Fort Walla Walla and Rock Creek, some seventy miles above Salmon Falls, although in a few instances parties of emigrants have been much exposed. This, I think, is mainly attribute to the presence of this expedition. We learn from emigrants that the fact of our coming was generally known before our arrival, and our long stay on the river served no doubt to keep up effectually the intimidation. Their disposition on exposed parts of the road has been aggressive and warlike. The lost party of emigrants, Hiram Smith, of Portland, and party of about sixty persons, are now with us, having been lost and detained some four or five weeks in the mountains of Humboldt River. Thjey are worn out and almost entirely destitute of supplies. I shall supply them with such articles and give such assistance generally as we can spare until they reach the settlements, which I hope will meet your approbation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. F. MAURY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

First Lieutenant F. MEARS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON.

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 19, 1863.

Colonel R. F. MAURY,

First Oregon Cavalry, commanding expedition

against the Snake Indians, Fort Dalles, Oreg.:

COLONEL: I write to express my sense of the valuable and important services rendered by you and your command during the past

