
season. It was a long march for some of the troops, more than 1,000 miles. It was free from all untoward events, and the privations of the journey were cheerfully endured with soldierly fortitude and alacrity. No one doubts that if the opporutnity had offered the gallant troops under your command would have been distinguished in the face of the enemy. Let them not imagine that the people of this frontier do not appreciate the services your expedition rendered by displaying to the Indians in so many localities the power of the Government. The soldiers of an Oregon regiment have at all events had the satisfaction of seeing in the summer and fall of 1862 and 1863 systematic steps taken for the first time for the protection of the overland emigration. The people of Oregon as well as myself are no doubt ready to express their high appreciation of the honorable manner in which the First Oregon Cavalry have discharged the duties thus devolved upon them.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD.

Brigadier-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

SEPTEMBER 8, 1862. - Skirmish on Redwood Creek, Cal.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel Francis J. Lippitt, Second California Infantry.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Colonel James N. Olney, Second California Infantry.

Numbers 3. - Lieutenant William H. Noyes, Second California Infantry.

Numbers 4. - Captain Charles D. Douglas, Second California Infantry.

Numbers 5. - Sergt. Edward Collins, Company F, Second California Infantry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Colonel Francis J. Lippitt, Second California Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, September 17, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith the official reports of Lieutenant-Colonel Olney and Lieutenant Noyes relative to the unfortunate affair of the 8th instant on Redwood Creek. On the 14th instant I delivered over all the Indian prisoners at this post, 834 in number, to Mr. Hanson, Jr. son of the Indian superintendent on the written order of his father, who remained at Crescent City. Among these were the noted chiefs of predatory bands, Las-Sic, Say-Winne, and Claw-Foot, with many of their followers. They left in the steamer Panama the same day for Crescent City, together with Captain O'Brien's company (C), Second California Volunteer Infantry.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second California Vol. Infty., Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific.

