
immediately above the forty-ninth parallel, which resulted in the death of two miners, two severely and two slightly wounded. Four Indians were killed and one wounded. The remaining whites and Indians both retreated, the Indians to the mouth of the Kootenay, and the miners to the opposite side of the river from the fight, both parties being very much frightened. I immediately sent Captain Archer with a detachment of sixty men from his company (I, Ninth Infantry) to the scene of action for the purpose of quieting the miners and Indians, and acertaning the facts in the case. The detachment has not yet returned, but Bvt. Second Lieutenant S. S. Marsh, Ninth Infantry, who accompanied Captain Archer, returned this morningand reports everything quiet. I anticipate no difficulty in settling this affair, but I regret to say that similar occurrences may take place at any time, so long as liquor is introduced into the Indian country, and Indian testimony will not be taken to convict whisky dealers of selling liquor to Indians. From all I can learn, the whites brought on the fight by crossing over the Columbia River for the purpose, as they expressed it, of "rushing the Indian village. "

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PINKNEY LUGENBEEL,

Brevet Major, Captain, Ninth Infantry, Commanding.

Captain JAMES A. HARDIE, U. S. Army,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Oregon District,

Headquarters Fort Vancour, Wash. Ter.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Colville, Wash. Ter., April 14, 1861.

SIR: Captain Archer returned with his command on the 6th instant from the mouth of the Pend d'Oreille River. He reports that peace has been restored between the Indians and miners. I do not think hostilities will be resumed unless the Indians of the tribe who are now hunting on the Upper Columbia should succeeded in getting liquor from the miners and settlers when they returned. Lieutenant Marsh, Ninth Infantry, in command of a detachment of twenty-one men, leaves to-morrow for Lake Osoyoos to act as an escort to the Northwest Boundary Survey. This detachment will be in the field until the end of July. When the supply trains commence running I will send another detachment to the crossing of the Spokane River. The Indians appear quiet, but liquor is abundant, and numbers of bad white men infest this whole country.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PINKNEY LUGENBEEL,

Brevet Major, Captain, Ninth Infantry, Commanding.

Captain J. A. HARDIE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. District of Oregon,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

APRIL 14-15, 1861. -Skirmishes on Van Dusen's Creek, near Mad River, Cal.

Report of Lieutenant Joseph B. Collins, Fourth U. S. Infantry.

CAMP AT NEIL'S RANCH,

Van Dusen's Creek, April 15, 1861.

CAPTAIN: Private Casey, of your company, was badly wounded this morning in an engagement with the Indians near Mad River, about

2 R R-VOL L, PT I

