
commanding, but that he behaved in a cool, judicious manner throughout the whole affair, and deserves credit for extricating his command from such a well-devised ambuscade. It was a little less than miraculous that the whole party was not exterminated. It is most unfortunate that the messenger dispatched to inform me of the state of affairs failed to discover my whereabouts in the wilderness as possibly I should have been able to have come upon this band unexpectedly immediately after the fight, and when they hardly would have anticipated the approach of another party from a different quarter. If, as I had the honor of suggesting to the colonel commanding, Captain Flynn scouted at the head of Pilot Creek, there is a possibility that he may have fallen upon a portion of this band, which, according to the report of Sergeant Collins, probably took that direction. I shall have the honor in a few days of communicating personally with the colonel commanding, when I shall be able more fully and clearly to explain my ideas as to the future movements against this band of Indians, and give my reasons why I consider it judicious to delay for a time any expeditions against them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. N. OLNEY.

Lieutenant-Colonel Second California, Volunteer Infantry, Commanding

Lieutenant JOHN HANNA,

First Lieut, and Adjt. Second California Vol. Infty.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.

No. 3.

Report of Lieutenant William H. Noyes, Second California Infantry.

HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,

Fort Gaston, Cal., September 11, 1862.

SIR; In accordance with orders issued at this post on the 4th of September, 1862, I proceeded to Camp Anderson on the 5th instant with a detachment of seventeen men from Company F, Second California Volunteer Infantry, accompanied by a guide, taking two men from Camp Anderson, making my party to consist of 1 sergeant, 2 corporals, 16 privates, 1 guide, 1 packer and an Indian boy, or in total 22. I started at 3. 30 p. m. for the head of Redwood Creek, taking the trail to Pardee's, at which place I arrived at sundown took lunch, and continued our march by moonlight. About four miles from Pardee's discovered Indiasn sign, and encamped with the intention of making a more thorough investigation by daylight. On the morning of the 7th examined the trail and found the signs two or three days old, and three old camp-fires where the Indians had been roasting beef, killed a few days previous, the carcass of which was discovered by my party some miles back on the trail. Finding no Indians in the vicinity, resumed our march, and after marching fifteen or eighteen miles over an exceedingly rough and mountainous country, my command suffering much from the excessive heat, encamped on a small creek, called by some Rocky Creek, about five miles from where the old Weaver trail crosses the head of Redwood Creek. During the day's march discovered several old ranches and some fresh Indian tracks, apparently of squaws and children going down the ridge. Started my detachment at daylight and commenced to ascend the exceedingly steep mountain spur over ground covered with a thick growth of fern and filled with holes, making it very difficult for the men and animals to ascend. After marching

