
nearly been used up, we started for Fort Gaston on the same night, and reached the headwaters of Willow Creek about daylight of the morning of the 12th. We found several rancheria that had been recently used by the Indians for roasting of drying beef, so we marched on the greater part of that day and encamped at Rocky Ridge. Found no Indian signs, and on the morning of the 13th pursued our way and arrived at Fort Gaston about 3 p. m.

The above is very respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

EDWARD COLLINS,

Third Sergt. Co. F, 2nd Infty. California Vols., Commanding Detach.

Captain C. D. DOUGLAS.

Commanding Company F, Second Infantry California Volunteers.

SEPTEMBER 21, 1862. - Affair at the San Pedro Crossing, Ariz. Ter.

Report of Major David Fergusson, First California Cavalry, commanding District of Western Arizona.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN ARIZONA,Tucson, Ariz., Ter., September 23, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that Apache Indians stampeded and ran off three public horses of the First Cavalry California Volunteers, belonging to Lieutenant Guirado's detachment, at San Pedro Crossing. It happened as follows, according to Lieutenant Guirado's report: Mr. Rogers, who was putting fifty tons o fhay in for Captain Davis at San Pedro Crossing, had about twelve mules and horses at that place. Last Sunday, the 21st instant, Mr. Rogers' herd was grazing within 300 yards of the station in charge of one man, a Mexican. Lieutenant Guirado's horses were within fifty yards of the station, all picketed except three public and one private one; the three former were hobled and under the eye of all his men. The Apaches to the number of six mounted and six on foot stampeded Mr. Rogers' herd, drove them into Lieutenant Guirado's and ran off his own horse and the three hobbled cavalry horses. He immediately mounted, and followed the Indians for twenty-five miles toward the Santa Rita Mountains without being able to get nearer than a mile of the Indians when his horses gave out, and he returned with the only three mounted men left him. The carelessness, to a culpable extent, with which Mr. Rogers herded his animals when he had seventeen persons in his employ idle that day, is the cause of the loss of Lieutenant Guirado's horse. I cannot find that Lieutenant Guirado is much to blame, for he appers to have taken very good care at all times to have his animals guarded. I detailed one non-commissioned officer and six well-mounted men of Company E, First Cavalry California Volunteers, to report to Lieutenant Guirado, and they form part of his command at San Pedro Crossing now.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant B. C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Column from California.

