
SEPTEMBER 21, 1862. - Affair on the Yreka Road, near Fort Crook, Cal.

Report of Captain Henry B. Mellen, Second California Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Crook, October 26, 1862.

COLONEL: On the evening of the 21st instant information was brought me that a train had been attacked by Indians on the Yreka road about thirty miles from the post. I immediately sent out Lieutenant Williams with twelve men to render any assistance required. He returned on the 26th instant, after seeing them over the mountains, and reported that the emigrants had succeeded in driving off the Indians, killing one, and losing nothing but their provisions which was stolen while they were hunting cattle. On the night of the 23rd instant I left the post with sixteen men to try and punish the Hot Creek Indians, who had been driving off cattle. I arrived at their camp about daylight and found that the majority were absent. Two bucks were shot. The tribe has been uneasy of late, and seemed disposed to commence operations. I shall watch them closely, and if possible try to punish them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. MELLEN.

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco.

SEPTEMBER 30-OCTOBER 29, 1862. - Expedition from Fort Ruby, Nev. Ter. to Camp Douglas, Utah Ter. with affairs (October 11 and 15) on the Humboldt River, Nev. Ter.

Report of Major Edward McGarry, Second California Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, November 18, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C. ;

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copyof a letter from Colonel P. E. Connor, Third Infantry California Volunteers, commanding the District of Utah, dated November 6, 1862, also a copy of the report of Major E. McGarry, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, detailing the result of his expedition to capture guerrillas and punish Indians engaged in the late massacres on the Humboldt River. The swift retributive punishment which has been meted out to those Indians will doubtless have the effect of preventing a repetition of their barbarities. It is the only way to deal with those savages.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH, Camp Douglas, Utah, November 6, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,.

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of the report of Major McGarry, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, detailing the

12 R R-VOL L, PT I

