
diately after, the Indians attempted to escape by jumping in the river. They were fired upon adn nine of them killed. On the same day Lieutenant Conrad and party brought into camp three Indans and an Indian child. Captain Smith returned in the evening with two squaws. Next day (the 12th) Captain McLean returned, bringing in one Indian and a squaw. Same day Lieutenant Clark returned with one Indian; another Indian was captured during the evening. The next day (the 13th) I told two of the Indians, through the interpreter, that if they would go and bring in Indians who were engaged in the massacre of emigrants I would release them, but that if they did not return that night I would kill all the Indians I held as prisoners in camp. The next morning (the 14th) hearing nothing from the Indians I had sent out the day previous, I put to death four of those remaining, and released the squaws and child, telling them that we were sent there to punish Indians who were engaged in the massacre of emigrants, and instructed them to tell all the Indians that if they did not desist from killing emigrants that I would return there next summer and destroy them. On the next day (the 15th) I sent Lieutenants Chase and Conrad with a detachment on the south side of the Humboldt with instructions as before. They came upon a party of Indians encamped in the mountains, armed with rifles and bows and arrows. They were surrounded and their arms taken from tehm. The Indians, attemptin to escape, were fired upon, when eight of their number were killed. The balance of the route no traces of Indians were seen. On the 28th I arrived at the place designated by you; the next day, at about 3 o'clock p. m. arrived at this camp. The route is a good one, with a abundance of grass and water. In conclusion, it affords me great pleasure to report the efficiency of the officers and the good conduct of them men of the command without the loss of any.

r to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD McGARRY,

Major, Second Cavalry California Volunteers.

Colonel P. EDWARD CONNOR,

Third Infantry California Volunteers.

Commanding District of Utah, Camp Douglas, Utah.

OCTOBER 21, 1862. - Skirmish near Simmons' Ranch, near Hydesville, Cal.

Report of Captain Henry Flynn, Second California Infantry.

HYDESVILLE, October 21, 1862

SIR: I started from this place this morning, 7. 30 o'clock, en route for Fort Baker. The express having started an hour before, I had no escort. About two miles from Simmons' ranch I was attacked by a party of Indians. As soon as they fired they tried to surround me. I returned their fire and retreated down the hill. A portion of them cut me off and fired again. I returned their fire and killed one of them. They did not follow any farther. I will start this evening for my post as I think it will be safer to pass this portin of the country in the night. Those Indians were lurking about of rthe purpose of robbing Cooper's Mills. They could have no othe robject, and I think it would be well to have eight or ten men stationed at that place, as it will serve as an

