
twenty miles from here. He was shot with an arrow about two inches below the right shoulder-blade and near the backbone. I pulled the arrow out, but the stone head was so deeply imbedded that it beroke short off, and of course yet remains in him. He was carried from the ranch, where the fight took place, to where he now is, on a litter, compalining of suffering much pain, and is really so bad that I could not move him here. Will you please send medical attendance for him. I had a fight with the Indians yesterday not far from where I again attacked them this morning, and killed between 15 and 20; to-day 5 were killed and 3 wounded. The Indians are very troublesome and almost constantly killing stock. I will report more fully the first opportusnity.

Very respectfully, and in haste, your obedient servant,

JOS. B. COLLINS,

First Lieutenant, Fourth Infty., Commanding Detach. Co. B, Sixth U. S. Infty.

Captain CHARLES S. LOVELL,

Commanding Fort Humboldt, Cal.

MAY 23-JUNE 17, 1861. -Operations on the Mad and Eel Rivers, Cal., with skirmishes (May 23) near Larrabee's Ranch, (May 26) on Eel River, (May 28) on the South Fork of Eel River, (May 30) on Keotuck Creek, (June 4) opposite Bell Spring on the Eel River, (June 2 and 8) near Larrabee's house, (June 14 and 16) on the South Fork of Eel River, and (June 17) near Kettenshaw.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Lieutenant Joseph B. Collins, Fourth U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 2. -Lieutenant James P. Martin, Seventh U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Lieutenant Joseph B. Collins, Fourth U. S. Infantry.

FORT HUMBOLDT, CAL., July 5, 1861.

Major D. C. BUELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith reports received from Lieutenants Collins and Martin, commanding detachments in the field. Copies of your letters of May 22 and June 14 [13] were sent to those officers for their guidance in the treatment to be pursued toward the Indians in future.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. LOVELL,

Captain, Sixth Infantry, Commanding.

CAMP ON LARRABEE'S CREEK, CAL., June 18, 1861.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report, embracing my operations against hostile Indians since May 9, 1861, on Mad and Eel Rivers and their tributaries:

May 23, attaked an Indian rancheria between the head of Larrabee's Creek and Main Eel River, and killed 10 of their number. May 26, attacked rancheria about twelves miles from and farther up the river than the one attacked on the 23rd instant, and killed 4 Indians. May 30, attacked a very large rancheria near Keatuck Creek; killed 25 Indians and wounded 10. At this place the Indians fought with more determination than upon any former occasion. Packer John Steward

