
outpost for the settlement, as well as a guard for the mills. The expressmen disobeyed my orders by starting without me this morning.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. FLYNN,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers.

First Lieutenant JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Humboldt Military District.

NOVEMBER 3-29, 1862. - Scouts from Fort Crook, Cal. and Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., to Honey Lake Valley, Cal.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Captain Henry B. Mellen, Second California Cavalry.

Numbers 2. - Captain Thomas E. Ketcham, Third California Infantry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Captain Henry B. Mellen, Second California Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS.

Fort Crook, November 30, 1862.

COLONEL; I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the 2nd instant an express from Honey Lake brought news of an outbreak of Indians on the Humboldt road near Lathrop City. I left the post on the 3rd with twelve men, taking from Hot Creek Station eight more. Arrived at Susanville on the 7th. Was joined on the 11th by Captain William Weatherton with twenty-six citizens of the valley. Examined the country from Smoke Creek to the northeast to the headwaters of Pitt River, strikig the road again on the Forty-0Mile Desert, finding but seven Indians, who were killed. Arrived at the poston the 29th instant. Private Jacob Haber wounded by an accidental pistol shot. A party of about twenty citizens armed and mounted went to the locality to bring in the bodies of the two men murdered, and had they followed the trail while it was fresh, or at lesat tired to ascertain the direction the Indians had gone (neither of which was done), the scout might have had a more satisfacory result. But an express was sent one hundred miles for assistance against a party not larger than their own numbers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,HENRY B. MELLEN,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco.

Numbers 2.

Report of Captain Thomas E. Ketcham, Third California Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS.

Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., December 1, 1862.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR; I have the honor to transmit herewith copy of the report of Captain T. E. Ketcham, Third Infantry California Volunteers, commanding detachment sent from this post on the 22nd November, to chastise

