
the Indians who comitted the late depredations between Honey Lake and the Humboldt, Nev. Ter. In obedience to your instructions one wagon load of supplies left this post this day for the command to be stationed in the vicinity of Susanville, Honey Lake. The balance of supplies necessary to subsist said command during the winter will be forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. McDERMIT.

Major, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

FORT CHURCHILL, NEV. TER., November 28, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of Orders, No. 88, November 21, 1862, twenty-five enlisted men of the Second cavalry California Volunteers, placed under my command, left this post on the 22nd intsant for Honey Lake Valley on a scout against hostile Indians in that section. Upon the arrival of command at the Truckee Crossing, I received positive information that twenty-five soldiers from Fort Crook were already at Honey Lake and had attacked the Indians. I therefore returned to this post in obedience to my instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. E. KETCHAM,

Captain, Third Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Detach.

Second Lieutenant WILLIAM L. USTICK.

Third Infantry California Volunteers, Post Adjutant.

NOVEMBER 20-27, 1862. - Expedition from Camp Douglas to the Cache Valley, Utah Ter., with skirmish (23d) in the Cache Valley.

Report of Major Edward McGarry, Second California Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, December 15, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS.

Adjutant General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a communication addressed to my headquarters by Colonel P. E. Connor, commanding the District of Utah, dated at Camp Douglas, December 2, 1862, with a copy of his instructions to Major E. McGarry, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, and a report from the latter officer of the execution of his orders. In Colonel Connor's communication, it will be observed that he is taking every precaution to guard effectively the Overland Mail Route, and also the telegraph stations; and to his energy and sound judgment may safely be confided that important duty.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,Camp Douglas, Utah, December 2, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal. ;

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose a letter of instruction to Major McGarry and his report of the expedition upon which he was sent. The uncle of the boy, who is now at this post, is a resident of Oregon,

