
and, as he informs, me, has been in serach of the boy for two years. Three sisters of his, who were captured at the same time, are dead. He also informs me that three expeditions had previously been sent out from Oregon for the recovery of the children, one of which was under command of Captain Dent, of the Ninth Infantry. The Indians are threatening the Overland Mail Route east and west of here. I have no fears of the western end, as the lessons I have been teaching them and the messages I send them make them fear me. About a week since I sent ten men to protect the telegraph station at Big Sandy, which was threatened by Indians. On Saturday last they stole 100 horses from Fort Bridger Reserve, belonging to some mountaineers, who are wintering there, and fears are entertained that they will attack some of the stations of the Overland Mail. I have therefore ordered Company I, Captain Lewis of my regiment, to garrison Fort Bridger this winter. I shall order detachments of his company to the different stations in this district east of here, if I find it will be necessary. Pacific Springs Station, lately attacked by Indians, is just esat of the line dividing this district and the Department of the West, and has been garrisoned by troops from that department. The telegraph station at Big Sandy is in the District of Oregon. I shall leave the ten men now there at that point until I am satisfied there is no further danger from Indians, unless otherwise ordered.

I have the honor to remain, very ur obedient servant,

P. EDWARD CONNOR,

Colonel Third Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding District.

HDQRS. SECOND CAVALRY CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERSE,

Camp Douglas, Utah, November 28, 1862

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that agreeable to instructions of the colonel commanding the district, I left this camp on the night of the 20th instant and proceeded to Cache Valley, where I arrived about 11 p. m. on the 22d, a distance of 100 miles, where I was met by Mr. Van Orman, the uncle of the emigrant boy your ordered me to rescue from the Indians; he informed me that Chief Bear Hunter was encamped with thirty or fortyof his tribe, Shoshones, Snakes, and Bannocks, about two miles distant. I left the horses in the settlement called Providence in charge of a guard, and started about 1 o'clock for the Indian camp; the night was dark and cold, and we did not find the camp until the mornign of the 23d. I then divided my command into three parties under Captain Smith, Lieutenant Conrad, and myself, with instructions to surround the camp and close in upon them at daybreak. I found in a tenth tow squaws; the Indians had all left that night, as perceived that the fires in their huts were not extinguished. I then returned to where I had left the horses, at which place I arrived about 7 a. m. Captain Smith brought in one Indian, caught in trying to escape; I made a prisoner of him. About 8 o'clock a party of mounted Indians, I should think thirty or forty, armed with rifles, bows and arrows, made their appearance from a canon on a bench between the settlement and hills, about a mile from the settlement, and made a warlike display, such as shouting, riding in a circle, and all sorts of antics known only to their race. I immediately ordered my men to mount, divided them as before, sent Captain Smith to the right, Lieutenant Conrad to the left, and I took the center, driving the Indians into the canon; when I arrived a the mouth of the canon I halted for the purpose of reconnoitering just at thans opened fire upon Lieutenant Conrad; I then ordered my men to commence

