
firing and to kill every Indian they could see; by this time the Indians had possession of the canon and hills on both sides. I found it would be impossible to enter the canon without exposing my men greatly. I therefore re-enforced Lieutenant Conrad on the left of the canon, with orders to take the hill on the left of the canon at all hazards. About the time the re-enforcements reported to him, Chief Bear Hunter made his appearance on a hilltop on the rihgt, with a flag of truce (as I was informed afterward); I at the time took it to be a warlike demonstration; a citizen who heard his halloing came up to me and told me that the chief said they did not want to fight any more. I then ordered my men to cease firing, and told him to say to the chief if they would surrender and come in I would not kill them, which terms they acceded to. Chief Bear Hunter, with twenty or more of his warriors, then came in. I took them into the settlement, took Bear Hunter and four others that I thought to be prominent Indians and examined them (through an interpreter) as to the whereabouts of the white boy, and ascertained that he had been sent away some days before. I told Bear Hunter to send some of his tribe and bring the boy to me; that I should hold the five as hostages until they delivered him to me. He dispatched three of his men, and they returned the next day about noon with the boy. I then released Bear Hunter and the four others. I killed 3 and wounded 1 Indian in the fight. I was told by Bear Hunter that an Indian known as Woeber Tom, alias Utah Tom, communicated the infromation of our approach. In relatiopn to the emigrant stock I was ordered to examine into and bring into camp, I could not find any such, and from the information I could gather I am of the opinion all or nearly all of the stock taken by the Indians last summer is now in the Humboldt country. I left Cache Valley on the morning of the 25th, and arrived at this camp on the afternoon of the 27th, without the loss or scratch of man or horse. It affords me great pleasure to report to the colonel commanding the good conduct of the command, and during the fight, which lasted about two hours, the officers and men behaved handsomely.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD McGARRY,

Major, Second Cavalry California Volunteers.

Second Lieutenant THOMAS S. HARRIS,

Seifornia Volunteers,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Utah.

NOVEMBER 22-27, 1862. - Expedition from Fort Ruby, Nev. Ter. to the Sierra Nevada Mountains.

Report of Major Patrick A. Gallagher, Third California Infantry.

FORT RUBY, NEV. TER., December 2, 1862.

LIEUTENANT; I have the honor to report that on the afternoon of the 21st ultimo one of the herders belonging to this post, who was some thirty-five miles down the valley, came in and reported that 10 horses, 1 mule, and 1 head of beef had been stolen by the Indians the night before. I immediately telegraphed the fact to you. On the morning of the 22nd I started with a party, consisting of Captain Potts and forty-two men of Company F, Third Infantry California Volunteers,

