
with six days' rations, for the purpose of recovering the stock and punishing the guilty parties. We left this post at 10 on the morning of the 22d, and after marching thirty miles encamped at 9 p. m. On the morning of the 23rd we started at sunrise, and after marching thirty miles over a rough, swampy road, where we had to make bridges, &amp;c., for our wagon, we encamped for the night about sudown. On the morning of the 24th, finding it impossible to proceed farther with the wagon, Captain Potts and myself, withthree men (mounted), went ahead, leaving the command under Sergeant Buxton to folow on as fast as possible, leaving eight men as a guard to the wagon. I made a reconnaissance of the whole valley north to the mountains and finding no pass through the mountains, nor signs of either stock or Indians returned and met the command about twenty-five miles from our morning camp. The men suffering very much from fatigue and cold, and our rations being nearly exhausted, I deemed it advisable to return to the fort, where we arrived on the afternoon of the 27th. From my personal observations I am satisfied that there are no Indians in this valey north of this fort, and those that stole the stock came from Thousand Spring Valley, or that vicinity, probably belonging to the Bannock tribe. In conclusion, I would say that the men who were with me have done nobly, having marched a distance of 170 miles in less than five days (myself and Captain Potts and the three men with us some thirty miles farther), with weather intensely cold, and they thinly clad, without a murmur. I must say I am proud of them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. GALLAGHER,

Major Third Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding post.

Lieutenant THOMAS S. HARRIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Utah.

JANUARY 29, 1863. - Engagement on the Bear River, Utah Ter.

Report of Colonel P. Edward Connor, Third California Infantry, commanding District of Utah.

HEADQURATERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, February 20, 1863.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS, U. S. Army,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith the report of Colonel P. E. Connor, Third Infantry California Volunteers of the battle fought on the 29th of January, on Bear River, Utah, Ter., between U. S. troops and hostile Indians. Our victory was complete; 224 of the enemy left dead on the field. Colonel Connor's loss was heavy. Out of 200 men engaged 14 were killed on the field and 4 officers and 49 men wounded; 1 officer and 5 of the men wounded have since died. Colonel Connor's report of the suffering of his troops on the march and the gallant and heroic conduct of both officers and men in that terrible combat will commend the Column from California and its brave commander to the favorable notice of the General-in-Chief and War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

