
[First indorsement.]

MARCH 29, 1863

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War, with the recommendation that Colonel Connor be made a brigadier-general, for the heroic conduct of himself and men in the battle of Bear River.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[Second indorsement.]

Approved and appointment ordered.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., February 6 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that from information received from various sources of the encampment of a large body of Indians on Bear River in Utah Territory, 140 miles north of this pint, who had murdered several miners during the winter, passing to and from the settlements in this valley to the Beaver Head mines, east of the Rocky Mountains, and being satisfied that they were a part of the same band who had been murdering emigrants on the Overland Mail Route for the last fifteen years and the principal actors and leaderse in the horrid massacres of the past summer, I determined although the season was unfavorable to an expedition in consequence of the cold weather and deep snow, to chastise them if possible. Feeling assured that secrecy was the surest way to success, I determined to deceive the Indians by sending a small force in advance, judging, and rightly they would not fear a small number. On the 22nd ultimo I ordered Company K, Third Infantry California Volunteerse, Captain Hoyt, two howitzers, under command of Lieutenant Honeyman, and twelve men of the Second Cavalry California Volunteers, with a train of fifteen wagons, carrying, twenty days' supplies, to proceed in that direction. On the 24th ultimo I proceeded with detachments from Companies A, H, K and M, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, numbering 220 men, accompanied by Major McGarry, Second Cavalry California Volunteers; Surgeon Reid, Third Infantry California Volunteers; Captains McLean and Price and Lieutenants Chase, Clark, Quinn, and Conrand, Second Cavalry California Volunteers; Major Gallagher, Third Infantry California Volunteers, and Captain Berry, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, who were present at this post attending general court-martial, as volunteers. I marched the first night to Brigham City, sixty-eight miles distant. The second night's march from Camp Douglas I overtook the infantry and artillery at the town of Mendon and ordered them to march again that night. I resumed my march with the cavalry and overtook the infantry at Franklin, Utah, Ter., about twelve miles from the Indian encampment. I ordered Captain Hoyt, with the infantry, howitzers, and train, to move at 1 o'clock the next morning, intending to start with the cavalry about two hours thereafter, in order to reach the Indian encampment at the same time and surround it before daylight, but in consequence of the difficulty in procuring a guide to the ford of the river, Captain Hoy did not move until after 3 a. m. I moved the cavalry in about one hour afterward, passing the infantry, artillery, and wagons about four miles from the Indian encampment. As daylight was approaching I was apprehensive that the Indians would discover the strength of my force and make their escape. I therefore made a rapid march with the cavalry and reached the bank of the river shortly after daylight in full view of

