
EUREKA, CAL., April 11, 1863. - 8 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I am directed to supply the following omission in the district commander's report of Captain Flynn's engagement with hostile Indians: "Our loss was 1 killed, Private Lynch, of Company A, Second Infantry California Volunteers. "

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. N. BARTH.

First Lieutenant and Adjt. Second Infty., Cal. Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT.

Fort Humboldt, Cal., May 11, 1863.

COLONEL: On the 30th of April a Government pack train, in charge of four men belonging to companies at Fort Gaston, was attacked by a band of Indians in ambush, numbering about twenty, some thirteen miles this side of Fort Gaston. Private Smith, of Company K, Second Infantry California Volunteers, was killed, and Corporal Smith [Agan], of the same company, was wounded. The Indians captured everything, including five Government mules, and all the effects of Lieutenants Stewart and Winchill. On the report coming in, detachments from Fort Gaston and Camp Curtis were sent out in pursuit of the Indians but returned without finding them. In pursuance of department orders, dated April 7, 1863, received last evening by the steamer Panama, Company E, Second Infantry, Captain Gibbs, and Company H of the same regment, commanded by Captain Hanna, have embarked on the steamer to proceed to Benicia. Private D. Squibb of Company E, goes with his company. Company I, Captain Theller, Second Infantry California Volunteers, is ordered here from Fort Gaston to replace Company H, at Fort Humboldt.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Infantry Cal. Vols., Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.

HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT

Fort Humboldt, May 29, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that Captain Hull, with twenty men of Company D, Second Infantry California Volunteers, proceeded on the 3rd instant from Fort Bragg in pursuit of a band of hostile Indians who had been committing depredations on the coast; that on the 9th instant, with a detachment of eight men, he came up with them near Shelter Cove, and out of some thirty-five or forty killed 4 and wounded 3, too severely to be carried away, bringing in 1 boy and 5 squaws as prisoners, who were delivered over to the supervisor on the Mendocino Reservation. In consequence of the representatinos of some of the inhabitants of the outskirts of Arcata, instead of bringing Company I to this post I have halted it at Camp Curtis, near that place, where it is now stationed. To embark that company and the one at Fort Humboldt, twenty-four hours' notice would suffice, but to embark

