
was shot through the middle finger with an arrow, which fortunately struck the stock of his rifle, preventing a serious if not fatal wound. Twelve bows and quivers with a large number of arrows were taken from this rancheria. June 2, attacked a rancheria about five miles from Larrabee's house; killed 20 Indians. June 8, attacked a rancheria about three miles south of Larrabee's house; killed 4 and wounded 1. June 16, attacked a rancheria near Kettenshaw Valley; killed 4 Indians. Corporal Larrabee, of the volunteers, wounded in the left arm by an arrow. This rancheria was occupied by Las-sic's band, probably the most desperate and troublesome Indians in the mountains. They have frequently been engaged in murdering whites, burning houses, and killing horses and cattle. I regret so few of them were killed, but they were constantly on the alert and could only be caught by following them day and night, the troops carrying their provisions and blankets on their backs. The attack was made near noon, and as the Indians were prepared for it, many of them escaped through the almost impassable bushes. June 17, attacked a rancheria on the trail leading from from Kettenshaw to Round Valley; killed 6 Indians, only 1 escaped. In this rancheria there was found over 200 pounds of pork; hogs recently killed by the Indians. The number of Indians reported killed and wounded in the several engagements were, of course, all males, competent to bear arms. Percussion caps, bullets, and parts of five-arms have been found in their possession. The Indians in the vicinity of every neighborhood between Mad and Eel Rivers, where depredations have been committed for the last four or five months, have been severely chastised, and nearly all of them driven from the settlements. In no instance have Indians been punished who were supposed to be innocent. The volunteers have rendered very efficient service in the manner in which they are associated with the regular troops, and their retention until the expiration of their term of service is important and judicious. No troops could have done better than the detachment from your company, and I take great pleasure in saying that both regulars and volunteers, cheerfully and without a murmur, bore the fatigues, night marches, and deprivations incident to pursuing, finding, and chastising hostile Indians. But little more remains to be done by the present command; probably it will be sufficient after the term of service of the volunteers expires, July 17, to remain where we now are and keep all Indians from the settlements. In my opinion the establishment of a military post is the only mode of affording reliable security to the citizens and their property.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. B. COLLINS,

First Lieutenant, Fourth Infantry, Commanding.

Captain CHARLES S. LOVELL,

Sixth Infantry, Commanding Fort Humboldt, Cal.

Numbers 2.

Report of Lieutenant James P. Martin, Seventh U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR SPRUCE GROVE, June 27, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command up to this date, viz:

On the 24th of May a party of thirteeen men (seven enlisted men and six volunteers) left this camp on a scout. On the 28th, at 11 a. m., they came upon a rancheria on the South Fork of Eel River about one mile

