
the companies at Fort Gaston and Fort Baker (Captain Morton's and Captain Flynn's) four days' notice at least would be required. The supply of the companies of montaineers will employ all, or nearly all, the pack-mules at this post. The distance to Captain Douglas' command in Round Valley is 150 miles. If it is to be supplied from this post nearly the whole, perhaps quite the whole, of the transportation will have to be hired. If it is intended that I shall forward supplies thither, I request an instruction to that effect by the next steamer.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT

Colonel Second Infantry California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

June 3, 1863

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Babbitt for his opinion in reference to supplying Camp Wright (Round Valley).

By order:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

DEPUTY QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

San Francisco, June 3, 1863

Lieutenant-Colonel DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Present:

Camp Wright has hitherto been furnished via Fort Bragg, from which latter post it is distant sixty-five miles. I know of no more eligible route. They have forty-nine pack-mules and trappings and one wagon at Camp Wright.

Respectfully,

E. B. BABBITT,

Deputy Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, June 11, 1863.

COLONEL: On the 6th instant a citizen pack train of thirty-seven mules, with a citizen escort of five men, fell into an Indian ambush near Oak Camp, about fifteen miles this side of Fort Gaston. Tow of the men were shot, one killed, and the other escaped wounded, arriving at Hoopa Valley the same night. The remainder ran back to Fawn Prarie the camp of Captain Ousley's company (B) of mountaineers. Lieutenant Hempfield started at once with thirty-six men, arriving at the scene of attack five hours after it occurred. They have failed, however, to find the Indians. Immediately on the arrival of the wounded man in the valley Lieutenant-Colonel Olney dispatched Lieutenant Winchill with five men (being all that could be spared, several escorts being then out) to render what assistance he could. Lieutenant Winchill arrived at the place of attack at 3. 30 o'clock in the morning. All that he could do was to employ his detachment to

