
have suffered severely from the violent snow-storms which have prevailed. Many of our men have returned to the camps with frozen feet and exhausted by fatigue, and in many cases their shoes being torn from their feet, they attempted to protect them by wrapping pieces of their clothes about them. The officers in their reports testify to the unmurmuring endurance of these hardships by their commands, and I can attest to the same as regards my own party. We were led to hope that the winter season would be the most favorable for hunting Indians, but the experience of the past two months has proved that hope fallacious. The frequent violent storms in these mountains, and the consequent falling of snow covering all trails and signs, render it all but impossible to operate with any prospect of success. Two citizens brought to this post on the 22nd ultimo ten Indians from laqua Ranch, who had surrendered themselves their object being, probably, to secure comfortable winter quarters, knowing they could easily escape from Smith River Reservation in the spring. Since pay-day desetions from the different posts have been numerous. As far as heard from the aggregate is twenty-five, of which only eight have as yet been arrested. This result was anticipated as the great accumulation of pay enabled the men to procure outside aid. The pursuing parties from Fort Gaston have already in custody three citizens for aiding deserters to escape and we are on the track of others in this vicinity. There have been no recent outrages by Indians reported except the burning of two or three unoccupied buildings at Minor's on the Redwood near Fort Anderson. The colonel commanding the district arrived at this post to-day at about 3 p. m.

Very respectfully your obedient servant,

JAS. N. OLNEY,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco.

FORT GASTON, CAL., May 5, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to state for the information of the colonel commanding that, upon receiving intelligence on the evening of the 2nd instant of the attack upon our pack train, I ordered a detachment consisting of thirty men, under command of Captain Morton, to proceed at once in pursuit of the Indians. Lieutenant Delany was also detailed, and to take command of one of the parties in case it was found expedient to divide the detachment. Up to this time nothing has been heard from this command. I have made inquiry as to any evidence connecting the Hoopa Indians with the attack, but can find none. Private Neal, one of the escort, and who is, I believe, perfectly reliable, states that the Indians were so completely concealed by the brush that nothing but the smoke from their guns could be discovered, and that the nearest view they had of the attacking party was after the affair, when they were crossing a ridge about three-quarters of a mile distant. Of course it was then impossible to discover to what tribe they belonged. In addition to the lamentable loss of life, Lieutenants Stewart and Winchill met with serious losses, pecuniary and otherwise, viz, full-dress uniform, including hats and epaulets, three swords (one of them a valuable present to Lieutenant Stewart), four sashes, a valuable gold watch (Lieutenant Winchill's) jewelry, keepsakes, mattresses, blankets,

