
wearing apparel, &amp;c. A portion of the papers of Lieutenant Winchill, relating to his quartermaster's and commissary business at Fort Baker, have been picked up near the place of attack. The officers estimate their loss at nearly $1,000. Private McNeal thinks there were not over twelve or fifteen Indians concerned in the attack. I have little doubt they are the remaining remnant of the band of Redwoods that have committed former depredations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. N. OLNEY,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant BARTH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Mil. Dist., Fort Humboldt.

FORT GASTON, CAL., May 3, 1863

Corporal Agan, Privates McNeal and Smith, in charge of a Government pack train, were attacked about four miles on this side of Oak Camp on the morning of April 30 by a band of Indians, supposed to number about twenty, who killed Private Smith and wounded Corporal Agan. The Indians captured everything, including five Government mules, and all the effects of Lieutenants Stewart and Winchill.

J. J. SHEPHEARD.

First Lieutenant, Second Infantry California Vols., Post Adjutant.

[Indorsement.]

FORT GASTON, May 6, 1863.

Lieutenant BARTH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Mil. Dist. Fort Humboldt:

LIEUTENANT: Through inadvertence the foregoing copy of entry in our post records was omitted to be inclosed in my communication of 5th instant.

Yours, very respectfully,

JAS. N. OLNEY,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

No. 3.

Report of Captain Henry Flynn, Second California Infantry.

CAMP BAKER, April 1, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the return of the detachment which left this post under my command on the 20th of March, 1863, and the following as the result:

I marched from this post with a detachment of thirty-two men of Company A, Second Infantry California Volunteers, with twenty-five days' provisions, and proceeded in the direction of Fort Seward. Encamped the night of the 10th at Larrabee Station. Remained here the 11th, waiting for my provision train, which owing to an accident did not arrive until the evening of the 11th. Encamped the 12th at Fort Seward. Remained here until the 14th, when, having provided myself

13 R R-VOL L, PT I

