
out. They returned at sundown and said they saw four squaws, but could not find their camp. I started at dark. Went up the river five miles and searched about until daylight, when we came on their rancheria on the bank of the river. I immediately surrounded them and poured a volley into their houses. The squaws came out. I sent them to the rear, and during the engagement they all escaped excepting two. It required nearly an hour to take this band, as they kept their arrows flying in showers. We were compelled to charge them. All the bucks of this band were killed, also one squaw-nine in all. I then took the two squaws and went over the mountain to attack a rancheria that our prisoners informed me I would find there. I found their houses with their fires still burning, but the birds had flown. They no doubt had heard our firing. Having good reason to believe that there was a number of Indians at the mouth of the river and between the forks, I hurried down so as to prevent them from concentrating in any considerable force as to endanger the lives of my men. After searching about for two or three days (at this time I had lost the run of dates) we discovered, about 10 o'clock one evening, some smoke issuing from a canon on the slope toward the Middle Fork of Eel River. I moved my mend own the mountain a short distance and waited patiently for daylight, to commence the attack. At the first peep of dawn I moved down to their camp-fires and halted, as there was another ravine to the left; and, thinking there might be Indians in it, I divided my command and directed Lieutenant Winchill to go to the left, down the canon. Shortly after Mr. Winchill had started I commenced placing my men for the attack. I placed some men in the gulch above the Indians as the attacking party, and some on the left bank in a position that enabled them to command the opposite bank, while, I with a sergeant and three men, went down in the gulch below them. The attacking party poured in a volley, and the Indians, instead of going over the right bank, rushed down the canon and right onto the muzzles of our guns, they (the Indians) sending their sharp sticks in every direction. We delivered our fire with our rifles, and kept up such a constant and well-directed fire from our revolvers that they were compelled to turn up the right bank, only three having succeeded in passing. One of them Sergeant Penwell shot through the head. Shortly after passing the other two were found dead in the gulch below, having died from their wounds. After the Indians turned up the bank and the men had got over the gulch then the work fairly commenced. We made wild havoc among them. There must have been a great number of them killed. I did not have time to search for them, as I wanted to join Lieutenant Winchill and be ready for a counter attack. Eighteen were found dead where the fighting commenced, but in this and the first engagement there must have been at least twenty-five bodies concealed about in the bushes and rocks, but in making my report of the number killed I will only report those that I actually saw dead. Two squaws were unavoidably killed in this engagement. Lieutenant Winchill surprised a camp of Indians in the canon shortly after leaving me. He killed eight bucks and captured the squaws and children. The Indians fought like tigers in all the engagements, but they had no time to look about them to decide on any particular manner of fighting. As nothing of interest occurred after this I will merely say that I returned to Fort Baker on the 1st of April, having been absent twenty-two days. In the four engagements 46 of the enemy were killed and 37 captured, making a total of killed and

