
days with recruits to fill up to the minimum standard. I am also infromed that Major Taylor is on his way from Siskiyou County to Fort Gaston with fifty or more recruits for Company F.

I have the honor to remain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel Commanding First Batt. Mountaineers, California Vols.

Colonel RICHARD C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept of the Pacific, San Francisco.

[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLD MILITARY DISTRICT,

Fort Humboldt, June 29, 1863

Lieutenant-Colonel WHIPPLE,

Commanding Battalion of Mountaineers:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding the district directs you to furnish an escort to Manheim &amp; Co. 's train of supplies for Fort Gaston, the escort to consist of not less than ten men under an acting non-commissioned officer, to be detailed from the Weavervile company of your battalion.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES H. BARTH.

First Lieutenant and Adjt. Second Infty. Cal. Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

MARCH 26-APRIL 3, 1863. - Expedition from Camp Douglas to the Cedar Mountains, Utah Ter., with skirmish (April 1) at Cedar Fort.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General P. Edward Connor, U. S. Army, commanding District of Utah.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Anthony Ethier, Second California Cavalry.

No. 1.

Report of Brigadier General P. Edward Connor, U. S. Army, commanding District of Utah.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., April 9, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that at present all is quiet in this district. The Indians who comitted the late depredations on the Overland Mail Route west of here, I have reason to believe, were Goshutes, who have lived in the Mormon, settlmeents of Tooele Valley this winter, and were encouraged and instigated to the raid by Mormons. The Indians, finding that I had the line well protected and cavalry scouring the country in every direction in pursuit of them, made their way back to Cedar Valley near Fort Crittenden on their way south. At that point they were encountered by Lieutenant Ethier, of the Second California Volunteer Cavalry, with twenty-three men. I herewith inclose Lieutenant Ethier's report, by which you will perceive that the Mormons instead of assisting to punish Indians for bad conduct actually encouraged them. I also inclose a telegram from William S. Wallace, agent of the Overland Mail Company at Fort Crittenden, verifying the statements made by Lieutenant Ethier as to the conduct of the Mormons, &c. From the evidence before me I am well satisfied that the Mormons are the real instigators of the late raid. Brigham Young has sent commissioners to Washington for the purpose, I am

