
told, of proposing to the Government to take charge of the overland main and emigrant route in this Territory for half the amount it costs at present, provided the troops are withdrawn. And also to use their influence with the President to have the Governor and Judges Waite and Drake removed. Until the return of the commissioners I have no fears of any further trouble, but upon their return, and if their mission prove unsuccessful, ten I have every reason to fear there will be trouble, as they are determined that the laws shall not be executed, and the three officers named are as equally determined that the laws shall be enforced. If the troops should be withdrawn the Mormons are well aware that the Governor and judges would be compelled to leave with them, as their lives would not be safe one hour after the withdrawal of the troops if they remained. The object of Brigham in encouraging Indian raids at present is, undoubtedly, to induce the Government to withdraw the troops from this post and have them stationed at different points on the mail line. They also wish to impress upon the Government the idea that his people can protect the line better than troops can, and there is no doubt but he can, as the Indians are completely under his control and do just as he tells them. I have taken all necessary steps to protect the mail line from further depredationine of being able to punish the perpetrators of the late outrages. I would most earnestly urge the necessity of sending with the re-enforcements two cannon of large caliber, say 24 or 32 pounderes, and two 12-pounder field guns with caission, s battery wagons, &amp;c., which with the two 6-pounder field gunsa t this ost, will make a light battery of four guns. I would also recommend that one 12-pounder mountain howitzer be sent for the post at Fort Bridger. With the above guns and a force of at least 3,000 men I can be of service to the Government, and in all probability prevent a civil war; otherwise the result is doubtful. I again respectfully call the attention of the general commanding to the fact that this people are at heart disloayl, and are only waiting a favorable opportunity to demonstrate that fact, consequently I would recommend that unless strongly re-enforced, my command be withdrawn. I consider that I would be derelict in my duty to my country and to my command, whose lives are in my hands, did I not urgently represent the dangers menacing them, or if I asked for a smaller body of men than the number called for in this and previous communications. The danger, in my opinion is not immediate and perhaps may not be until the season shall have so far advanced that re-enforcements cannot be sent here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR.

Brigadier-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District of Utah.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army,

[Inclosure.] FORT CRITTENDEN, UTAH TER., April 1, 1863

Brigadier-General CONNOR,

Camp Douglas:

I do hereby certify to the statement* as being correct, and as regards the Mormons on horseback riding up to the Indians. I think there is treachery on their part.

WM. S. WALLACE,

Agent Overland Mail Company.

---------------

*See report of Lieutenant Ethier, p. 200.

---------------

