
above its mouth. The Indians were attacked and 8 killed, 1 squaw accidently wounded. Of those killed 1 is know to have killed a white man.

June 1, fourteen men (seven enlisted and seven volunteers) left camp. At daylight on the 4th a party of Indians were discovered on Eel River about opposite Bell Spring. They were attacked and 16 killed and 1 wounded. I regret to state that among the number killed were three squaws, but owing to the hour of the attack it was impossible to distinguish male from female. These Indians are supposed to be those who killed stock belonging to Messrs. Fleming and Wilburn. June 10, nineteen men (one officer, eleven enlisted men, six volunteers, and one interpreter) left on a scout of fifteen days. On the same day (the 10th) we were joined by a party of five hunters, who volunteered their services for the trip. On the night of the 14th we discovered what was supposed tob e two Indian fires in opposite directions; the party was divided into two of ten each, four being left in charge of the animals. One of the parties was taken command of by myself. We found after marching more than half the night that we were mistaken in seeing a fire. We continued our march, and at daylight came upon and attacked a rancheria containing four Indians, two men and two women. The men were killed, and one of the squaws being mistaken for a male was slightly wounded. The second party did not succeed in finding any Indians. Whilst we were encamped on the 16th four Indians were found lurking about our camp and were killed as spies. On the 18th I left the party on account of sickness and returned to camp. One Indians was shot by the party before its return; he was running from them at the time he was killed. June 13, a party of seven men (three enlisted, one volunteer, one hunter, and one Indian) wee sent out. After marching for thirty-six hours without seeing any signsof Indians, the party divided, one volunteer and one enlisted man taking charge of the animals to return to camp. The second party (two enlisted men, hunter, and one Indian) returned by a different route on foot. On the 14th, at 10 a. m., they came upon and attacked a rancheria, killing 7 and wounding 1. The rancheria was on a gulch emptying into the South Fork of Eel River about fifteen miles above its mouth. These Indians were found in the immediate vicinity of places where stock had been killed. June 15, three men (one volunteer and two enlisted) were sent out as scouts. About 9 p. m. they discovered a ranch, and dispatched one of their number to camp for more men. Eight enlisted men were sent to their aid, reaching them about daylight, when an attack was made and 2 killed and 3 wounded. One boy was slightly wounded. A squaw in this ranch at the time of the attack having been seen afterward says that 10 of their number were killed. These Indians were found in the same place, and supposed to be part of the same tribe as were those killed by the party which left camp on the 13th. The country over which the operations of this command have to be conducted is very rough, in many places almost impassable and very favorable forthe secretion of Indians who commit depredations. They keep no fires burnin at night, and in daylight so arrange them as to make as little smoke as possible. I do not know positively what depredations, if any, have been committed by the Indians killed by this command. I have no means of finding out whether those that we may come upon are guilty or innocent; no communication can be held with them. Circumstantial evidence goes, to show that they are all guilty. My instructions are to consider all who run on approaching them as hostile, and to fire upon them. In

