
withdraw my men, when Mr. Wallace, who was present on the field, came and informed me that my horses were in danger of capture. Although the Mormons were at the spot where my horses were at the time, not farther than 100 yards from the Indians, not a shot was fired at them. On arriving at the place where my horses were and repulsing the Indians I concluded to return to Camp Crittenden, but before going offered to leave a guard of twelve men at Cedar Fort, which they refused; but after consulting among themselves they asked me to leave a guard of eight men, which I promised to do, at the same time having no idea of fulfilling my promise for fear of treachery, of which I was convinced immediately afterward by seeing, while I was not more than 100 yards from the fort, a Mormon riding off to Indians, and meeting several of them on the trail, proceeded to the hills with them, where they held conversation inplain sight of me. I then being satisfied that there was treachery, returned to Camp Crittenden, from which place I reported the facts to General Connor. On the 2nd instant I found out from the wife of Mr. Savage, the Mormon who went up on the hills to speak to the Indians, that after returning from the Indian camp he held a council with the Mormons at the fort, and then left for Salt Lake City to inform Brigham Young of my doings there. This man Savage is the same who reported to General Connor of his wagons being robbed last winter on Bear River. I have since learned that those Indians were called Old Soldier's Band, of San Pete Valley, and numbered 150 warriors, of which two-thirds were present at the battle. The 3rd instant, according to orders, I reported to Captain Price at Cedar Fort at 9 a. m.
All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANTHONY ETHIER,

Second Lieutenant Company A, Second California Vol. Cavalry.

APRIL 2-6, 1863. -Expedition from Camp Douglas to the Spanish Fork, Utah, Ter., with action (4th) at the Spanish Fork Canon.

Report of Captain George F. Price, Second California Cavalry, commanding expedition.

CAMP DOUGLAS, UTAH TER., April 6, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that pursuant to instruction received from Brigadier-General Connor, commanding District of Utah, I left this camp at 1 a. m. of the 2nd instant with Lieutenant Conrad and fifty-one men of Company M, Second Cavalry California Volunteers; crossed the Jordan River seven miles south of Great Salt Lake City, and moved up the west side of the river, traveling until 8. 30 a. m., when I arrived in Cedar Valley, thirty miles south of the camp. Examined the valley thoroughly without discovering any fresh Indian signs; arrived at Cedar Fort, in upper western portion of the valley, at 11. 15 a. m., where Lieutenant Ethier with twenty-six men of Company A, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, reported to me for duty per verbal order of general commanding the district. With this force proceeded to and arrived at Fort Crittenden at 12. 15 p. m. ; distance traveled, forty-five miles; horses and men greatly fatigued. On the following morning left Crittenden. Learning that the band of Indians following morning left Crittenden. Learning that the band of Indians with whom Lieutenant Ethier had a skirmish near Cedar Fort on the

