
afternoon of the 1st instant had moved in a southeasterly direction from Cedar Valley, I determined to pursue them. Resuming the march, the command traveled to the head of Cedar Valley; from thence crossed into Utah Valley, and arrived at the southeastern extremity of Lake Utah at 10. 30 a. m. ; from thence proceeded to Goshen, the most southern settlement of the valley, where I arrived at 2 p. m. ; compelled to halt on account of forage; several of the horses almost unserviceable. The surrounding country was thoroughly examined without discovering any Indian sign; direct distance traveled, twenty-six miles. At sunset I sent Sergeant Gordon with four men well armed on a scout into Juab Valley. They traveled twenty miles south of Goshen, making a night ride of forty miles, returning to camp at 4 a. m. of the 4th instant without making any discoveries further than the fact that a body of Indians were encamped on Salt Creek, still farther to the south of his ride some forty miles. At 6 a. m. of the same day, being satisfied that I was south and west of the Indians, started across the valley searching the hills and bottoms surrounding Utah Lake. Arrived at the town of Spanish Fork at 3 p. m., being everywhere assured that no Indians had been seen for ten days. I had not been encamped three hours when two Indians were discovered on the point of the hill, we on the southeast portion of the town. A scouting party was immediately sent out, who soon returned with intelligence that the Indians already mentioned had entered Spanish Fork Canon. At this time the sun was scarcely an hour high, but I did not feel like losing even this small chance if there were any Indians in the canon. "Boots and saddles" and "to horse" were immediately sounded, taking the men away from supper, and in less than five minutes such was the eagerness of the men that the entire detachment, excepting the guard (six), was in the saddle and en route for the canon, four miles from the camp. Arriving there I found the Indians in considerable force, numbering in sight between forty and fifty, being posted on both sides of the canon, a large stream of water (Spanish Fork) separating us from the south side. Lieutenant Conrad with fifteen men was ordered to make movement to the right and gain the south side of the canon. Immediately after Lieutenant Ethier with twenty-five men was ordered to move to the left and gain the north bank of the canon, while the center, under my own command, moved directly to the front, and as the center approached the mouth of the canon within rifle-shot the Indians opened a brisk fire upon us, rather annoying, but without accomplishing any injury. The flanking parties having gained their position, a forward movement was made at the same moment. The Indians retreated before us, until finally they broke into a run under fire up the canon, the detachment following them eagerly, but well under restraint. The Indians were driven until they reached a point in the canon where it would have been extreme folly and a useless sacrifice of life for us to follow. It being by this time quite dark, and not having yet discovered the strength of the enemy (the canon being a very bad one-in fact, I have rarely seen a better one for a fight), the assembly was sounded and the detachments commenced returning to camp, being then about three-quarters of a mile up the canon. During the march back, under cover of the night, the Indians hovered on our rear, discharging their pieces at us. A lively skirmish then ensued, and various expedients were resorted to in order to trap the Indians, but without avail. During this skirmish the horses were never out of a walk unless when they were dashing back upon the enemy. It is impossible for me to state the number of Indians killed or wounded during this brief action and subsequently

