
driving them up the canon. It is known positively, however, that 1 Indian and 1 pony were killed and several acted as though they were wounded. The Indians fired the first shot. The flank movements made by Lieutenants Conrad and Ethier were finely executed, and reflect credit upon these young officers, while the men behaved with their usual gallantry. Pickets were thrown out during the night, but without any result further than knowing that the Indians did not leave the canon.

On the following morning (5th) a scouting party was sent in advance of the detachments without discovering any Indians. Not desiring to be caught in a trap, I ordered another flanking movement as on the evening previous, and then proceeded up the canon until we arrived at the point gained on the previous evening without discovering any signs. Then with a portion of the command moved up the canon three miles from that point, it growing worse and more dangerous in its character. Caught an Indian and killed him. Found several signs which satisfied me that the enemy was in full retreat through the canon, running for San Pete Valley. Shortly after killing the Indian saw fires on the highest point on the north side entirely beyond our reach. They fired a few random shots at us. As the canon is twenty-five miles long, and gradually closes in until very narrow, presenting on each side an almost impassable barrier of rocks, it was deemed proper to give up the pursuit, as it could result in no good and might cost life. Added to this the horses were severely jaded and the men about out of rations. The appearance of this canon as seen by daylight fully confirms the opinion formed of it the evening before. Having offered them battle twice and driven them twice, it was useless to attempt more. The assembly was sounded, and we left the canon without molestation and proceeded to Provo, where we camped. Citizens after the skirmish said there were 200 of the enemy, but I don't credit the story, for we offered battle with only thirty men and gave every chance, so that if there had been that number they would certainly have accepted. It is doubtful whether the band will return into Utah Valley for some time to come. At 2 a. m. of the 6th instant left Provo and returned to camp at 3 p. m. same day, reporting to Captain Black, commanding post. The direct distance traveled, exclusive of scouts, &amp;c., was 165 miles, an average of thirty-three miles each day. Horses and men are much fatigued. My officers and men conducted themselves fully in keeping with previous reputation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. F. PRICE,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Vols., Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant T. S. HARRIS,

Adjutant Second Cavalry California Volunteers.

APRIL 7-11, 1863. -Expedition from Fort Wright to Williams' Valley, Cal., with skirmish (9th) in Williams' Valley.

Report of Captain Charles D. Douglas, Second California Infantry.

FORT WRIGHT, Round Valley, Cal., April 11, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in consequence of the murder of Mr. George Bowers, of Williams' Valley (four miles north of

