
Round Valley), by Indians, I left this post, 7th instant, with a detachment of fifteen men in pursuit of the perpetrators of the murder. I marched in the night into the mountain country they inhabit, so as to conceal my movements from the ever-watchful enemy. Soon after daylight on the morning of the 8th, my Indian guide found the trail, which we followed as fast as the snow-storn, which was then raging, would permit us to travel. About dark we captured a buck and one squaw, who fell behind their party. Soon after their capture I camped (under the shelter of large trees, having no tents), as the snow-storm was so severe that traveling in the night in such a rugged and broken country was found entirely impracticable. I left the camp at daybreak the morning of the 9th, and about 9 a. m. we found a small camp of the Indians we were in pursuit of, who could not keep up with their band. I endeavored to make them all prisoners, but could not, as they would not surrender, but fight. I therefore gave the order to fire and the entire party were killed, except two old squaws that gave themselves up. Six bucks were here killed, not one of the whole party getting away. I then gave up the pursuit as my men had no rations to go any farther. My men in the detachment carried three days' rations and one blanket, and the three days' rations being exhausted and no means for replacing them, I could not do otherwise than return to this post. I have Indian scouts in the mountains hunting for the main camp of those Indians who murdered Bowers, and when they find it they will guide me to it. The squaws we captured are on the reservation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. D. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific.

APRIL 11-20, 1863. -Expedition from Camp Douglas to the Spanish Fork Canon, Utah Ter., with skirmish (12th) at Pleasant Grove, and action (15th) at Spanish Fork Canon.

Report of Colonel George S. Evans, Second California Cavalry, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 4, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith the report of Colonel George S. Evans, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, of an expedition against Indians at Spanish Fork, Utah Ter. This adds another to the highly commendatory and successful expeditions which have been sent out from Camp Douglas within the present year. I beg leave to ask your attention to the statements of Colonel Evans in relation to the conduct of the Mormons. It was only a continuation of their perfidious acts which commenced when our troops arrived in Utah. But I trust that the day is fast approaching when retributive justice will be meted out to these worse than open traitors to their country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

