
could easily see where the enemy's fire was the heaviest, and with great coolness and skill he dropped his shell among them, the center in the meantime moving steadily up until they came right onto the brink of a deep side ravine in which the enemy had his main force, and opened on him with the revolvers. This was too much for him; he could not stand such close quarters. When it came to meeting the cool but piercing eye of the white men in deadly conflict, face to face, the redskins quailed, and they began to give way. Then the "forward" and "charge" were sounded and the fight became a running one, the Indians taking advantage of every little outlet from the main canon, as they retreated up it, to make their . m., after chasing the enemy with cavalry fourteen miles up the canon, scattering him like quails, and finding that my horses were giving out, and knowing that I had a long road to retrace through a dangerous canon, I ordered the "recall" and "assembly" sounded.

The result of the expedition and battle is that although the Indians were in possession and expecting us later in the day we surprised them as to the time of our coming. We killed about 30 warriors, their chief among the number, and wounded many more who made their escape for the time, but who will undoubtedly die; recaptured 3 [mules] and 1 horse, with saddles, bridles, &amp;c., that had been stolen from Lieutenant Honeyman, and 18 horses, saddles, bridles, quite a number of good rifles, and other plunder of the Indians; losing on our side 1 killed-Lieutenant F. A. Peel, regimental quartermaster, Second California Volunteer Cavalry-and 2 wounded-Regimental Quartermaster Sergeant Brown and Sergeant Booth, of company M, Second California Volunteer Cavalry. By the accompanying rough draft* of the canon, and taking into consideration the fact that it is twenty-five miles long, you will see that it is an exceedingly strong hold, and will not be surprised at its being called by the Mormons and heretofore believed by the Indians to be the impenetrable and impregnable canon; one such as none but California troops could drive a superior or even an equal number of Indians from. The enemy's force, from the best information I can get, was about 200 warriors. To Lieutenant Honeyman, and his coolness and skill in using his howitzer, is in a great measure due the credit of the battle being won with so slight a loss on our side. As for the Second Cavalry, both officers and men behaved as soldiers should, and it would be unfair to make any invidious distinctions. Suffice it to say that they sustained their well-earned fame as the "Fighting Second. "

All of which is respectfully submitted.

GEO. S. EVANS,

Colonel Second California Vol. Cav., Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant W. L. USTICK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Utah.

APRIL 12-24, 1863. -Expedition from Camp Babbitt to Keysville, Ca.

Report of Captain Moses A. McLaughlin, Second California Cavalry.

CAMP INDEPENDENCE,

Owen's River Valley, April 24, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to instructions dated Camp Babbitt, near Visalia, Cal., April 10, 1863, and signed

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

