
bands who might have remained behind hidden in the tule swamps along the river, and scarcely a day passed without two or three of them being found and killed, and everything destroyed that could be of any use to the living. I had instructed the troops, however, that it was of the utmost importance that prisoners should be taken, not only women but me, as I felt confident that their love of life would prompt them to furnish important information as to the whereabouts of the other Indians, their numbers, &amp;c., and that possibly they could be used as guides.

About the 14th of May several Indians who had remained hidden near the river were captured by Captain Noble's men, and finding that they would not be harmed, but that, on the contrary, they would receive food and clothing, and being informed through the interpreter that we came to make peace, not war, they were prevailed upon to conduct the troops to where they supposed a large party belonging to Joaquin Jim was encamped and where they could be surrounded. From these Indians I learned that Captain George was near Death Valley, but the exact place they did not know. I furnished them with four passes and white flags, explained to them their nature, allowing them fifteen days from the 16th of May to find Captain George and the other Indians and bring them into camp; informed them that after that time if they had not delivered themselves up that no more prisoners would be taken, neither men, women, nor children; that the land which had been set apart for their use would be given away, and that a price would be set upon their heads. I also reminded them of the fate of the Tehachapie and Kern River Indians. On the part of the Government I made liberal promises, as it had everything to gain by their submission and nothing to lose if they did not submit. The four runners referred to I had detained in camp until such time as I might be able to reach Captain Jim's camp. Accompanoble, Lieutenant Denny, and a detail of eighty men from Companies E and L, and three Indians, I left Bishop's Creek (fifty miles above Camp Independence), but owing to the darkness of the night, the difficulties of the trail, and the ignorance of the Indians as to distance, the command did not reach the Indian camp until an hour after sunrise on the 16th. The most intimate knowledge of the locality, aided by the darkness of the night, could only have promised success, as the camp was so situated that it commanded a view of all approaches. The Indians were, however, obliged to abandon everything, even their sick and lame, and seek refuge in the mountains, where it would have been dangerous to have followed them with men already exhausted by a ride of over forty miles during a piercing cold night. The huts, baskets, and other property were destroyed; the helpless left unmolested. The detachment remained out four days, returning by way of Adobe, Meadows and Hot Springs Valley. At Big Pine Creek (Captain Noble's camp) on the 19th of May I issued an order suspending hostilities until further orders and sent out more Indian messengers.

On the 21st an Indian was brought into camp who came to announce that Captain George was on his way and would be in camp in two days. In order to learn the truth of the statement, and if true to protect Captain George from the fury of the citizens should they chance to meet him, I sent Sergt. Daniel McLaughlin and Blacksmith Larcom with the guide to find him and conduct him into camp, and on the evening of the 22nd I had the pleasure of seeing them return with the much feared Indian chieftain. Captain George remained all nigth and went back next day and brought in his people, who appeared to have

