
suffered severely from hunger and thirst. He informed me that many of the women and children had died for want of water. Messengers are out gethering in the scattered bands, and I think theabout 300. The number will be increased to about 1,000 by the arrival of the Coso, Joaquin Jim, Captain Dick, Tenimaha, and other chiefs. I have before had the honor of stating to you that these Indians had no idea of the importance or obligations of a treaty, only so far as Indian agents fulfill their promises, and as has already happened, a month's delay in the arrival of the expected gifts would be sufficient to plunge this valley into another war. Mr. Wentworth, Indian agent for this district, has been most undoubtedly the cause of the present difficulties, and from representations made to me he has been shamefully negligent of his duties; added to this his ignorance of Indian character, who expect more than promised, never less. Mr. Wentworth promised everything, gave nothing, and the results have been the destruction of life and property of settlers in the valley, besides an immense outlay to the Government. Undoubtedly many of the Indians deserve the severest punishment, yet it would be very difficulties to distinguish between the innocent and guilty. I would therefore recommend that they be removed to Nome Lackie, or some other Government reserve where they would be prevented from future outbreaks, or thata military commission be appointed to try and punish those found guilty, which would, I think, result in the putting to death of nearly every male Indian over twelve years of age. If their lives can be spared with safety to the valley I would respectfully recommend it, but fear that next year would only see a repetition of present difficulties.

In conclusion I would most respectfully beg leave to recommend to your kind notice the officers and men of this command. True, they have not fought great battles-there were none to fight-but the midnight marched over untrodden mountains, mounted, but more frequently dismounted; the sufferings from hunger, thirst, heat and cold, endured without a murmur; added to these the frequent disappointment of finding the enemy gone, without being discouraged, are qualities which will I hope meet with the approbation of those who recognize and esteem true courage. Every order given h as been obeyed, no matter what the amount of labor or hardships entailed; no discussion of reasons why or wherefore. By their implicit obedience and unremitting toil by day or night, in less than twenty days from the date of assuming command I have the honor to report to you the Indians subdued and suing for peace, and a force of 250 well-disciplined and brave men only too anxious to find a more worthy field wherein to serve their country. Doctor George, from his knowledge of the country and experience in Indian fighting, has rendered signal service, and deserves many thanks, if not more substantial proofs of appreciation. Lieutenant George D. French deserves particular notice, as I have learned from the Indians that instead of killing one Indian as reported he and his detail of seven men killed four. Jose Chico, the interpreter, has rendered most important services, as through him alone I have been able to communicate with the Indians.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. A. McLAUGHLIN,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco.

