
[Inclosure.] CAMP INDEPENDENCE, Owen's River Valley, May 26, 1863.

Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the Indian chiefs To-sah-o-i-do-bah (Captain George), See-as-ko-see, To-chu-ten air-up, and their Indians are now at this camp, subject to your order. Respectfully referred to accompanying statement.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. A. McLAUGHLIN,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,June 5, 1863.

Respectfully reefrred to Mr. Wentworth, superintendent for southern Indians, for his information. The department commander desires Mr. Wentworth to take charge of and locate the within-named Indians, the troops giving the necessary assistance. Please return.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 25, 1863. -Skirmish near Fort Bowie, Ariz. Ter.

Report of Captain Benjamin F. Harrover, Fifth California Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Bowie, Ter., April 26, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to give you the following account of an affair with the Apache Indians: About 8 o'clock yesterday morning the Indians were reported in large numbers approaching the fort from the north. I immediately started out with twenty men of my own company and five cavalry, accompanied by Asst. Surg. Edward L. Watson, First Infantry California Volunteers, and Lieutenant John D. Slocum, Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers, Lieutenant Qualey being left in command of the post. On reaching the spring north of the posts the Indians were discovered within range and I ordered my men to fire. The Indians commenced to retreat, but returned our fire. A running fight was kept up for about three hours, during which time I had driven them about four miles. I believe that they lost several in killed and wounded, as I saw several fall. I had one of my company shot through the shoulder, severe, but not dangerous, and one of the cavalry horses was wounded in the breast. The Indians had many guns of large caliber, also several rifle muskets.

I remain, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. HARROVER,

Captain, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General J. R. WEST,

Headquarters District of Arizona, Hart's Mill, Tex.

