
that one train had already been attacked some forty miles beyond Fort Hall. It will take me but few days to move after receiving the necessary supplies from Captain Hughes, which I have reason to think will be very soon, as his train has been heard from at Snake River, some forty miles distant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Cavalry, Oregon Volunteers, Commanding.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.
HDQRS. EXPEDITION AGAINST THE SNAKE INDIANS,Camp Numbers 24, on Boise River, Idaho Ter., July 16, 1863.

SIR: I have to report that my command is still lying here awaiting the arrival of supplies and means of transportation. Alkali in considerable quantities exists in this vicinity, which with the scarcity of good grass has affected our animals unfavorably. Inclosed please find consolidated morning report of my command for this day.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, Commanding.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.
HDQRS. EXPEDITION AGAINST THE SNAKE INDIANS,Camp Numbers 33, on Camas Prairie, August 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the arrival of my entire command in this valley on the 1st instant. I arrived myself with 100 cavalry on the night of the 30th ultimo, leaving the remainder of the cavalry and the infantry under command of Major Rinearson, to bring up the supply train. On the march from Fort Boise hither and since my arrival here I have kept scouting parties out on each side of the route, north and southward, in search of Indians, but thus far have been unable to find any evidence of their presence in the vicinity of the road later than two or three weeks ago. Two detachments are out at present with three days' supplies, one toward Snake River and one toward the source of Salmon and Boise Rivers. From the information received from emigrants and others recently over the route from Fort Hall to this place, I am led to believe that the principal number of the Indians who were here in the early spring are now in the vicinity of Fort Hall, for the ostensible purpose of making a treaty with General Connor. Those perhaps who are more hostile are near Salmon Falls, or on the south side of Snake River. This is an extensive and fertile valley. It is thirty miles in length and from six to eight miles in width, and is watered by many fine streams that take their rise in the mountain range dividing the waters of Salmon and Boise Rivers from those of Malade River, and crossing the valley at intervals of from two to four miles run southward into Malade River, which flows at the south side of the valley and in an easterly direction. The growth of grass throughout the entire valley is luxuriant, and the mountain on either side afford pine timber in large tracts or spots, not more than five miles distant from the margin of the valley. I shall leave Major Rinearson with the two infantry companies and a part of the caval

