
two of whom Captain Currey brought in with him, say that most all the Indians-all who were able-have gone east to the buffalo grounds. Very little dependence can be placed upon their representations. They say they know nothing of any treaty with General Connor. It is to be regretted very much, taking into consideration the present necessities, as well as future prospects, of the Government and these Indians, that the military post had not been established in this valley. I look upon it as a misfortune. With a permanent military establishment in this vicinity, no difficulty would be experienced in collecting and controlling them. I will leave the infantry and sufficient cavalry for scouting purposes in this valley under command of Major Rinearson. I expect to return by the 10th of September, and will be governed by circumstances in future movements, of which I will kep you advised. It is doubtful whether we find any party of hostile Indians. I am inclined to the opinion the immigration to Idaho, Oregon, and Washington, with exception of that to Beaver Head, will be very small. It is time that a large portion of it had reached this point, yet very few, not over 100 wagons, have made their appearance. Notwithstanding that this season was much earlier than last, the immigration consists mostly of families in good health and well supplied. This valley is large enough for a populous country, covered with nutritious grass and well watered, and unquestionably with the advance of mineral discoveries will be thickly settled. Timber of good quality, though not very abundant, at convenient distance on the mountains. The health of the command is excellent, and the animals of the expedition first rate. With the latter we have had not trouble and met with no losses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, Commanding Expedition.

General BENJAMIN ALVORD,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITION AGAINST SNAKE INDIANS,Camp Numbers 39, on Lost River, Idaho Ter., August 15, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith copy of a letter this day received from Governor Doty, of Utah Territory. My command will be at the ferry above Fort Hall day after to-morrow. The distance from here is said to be fifty-two miles, forty of which is entirely destitute of water. I have received no tidings of Captain Crawford's command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, Commanding.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

[Inclosure.] BOX ELDER, UTAH TER., July 30, 1863.

OFFICER Commanding THE TROOPS OF THE UNITED STATES

AT FORT BOISE AND IN THE SNAKE RIVER COUNTRY:

A treaty of peace was this day concluded at this place by General Connor and myself with the bands of the Shoshones, of which Pocatello, San Pitch, and Sagwich are the principal chiefs. This information is given that these Shoshones may not be injured when met by the

