
such Indians as have not been embraced in the treaties made by General Connor and Governor Doty. Our relations with all the Indians in this section are explained by the letter of Governor Doty, copy of which was transmitted heretofore, and the copy of one receivednnor on my arrival at the ferry near my present camp, which goes forward by this express. The only Indians I have found are those alluded to by the latter, who appear very friendly and say that General Connor has promised to visit and treat with them. A good many of the leading men of the tribes treated with, now living farther east, have visited my camp, generally having letters of recommendation from Governor Doty. I have no doubt that from the rapid succession of settlements in and bordering upon all the country of which they have been heretofore almost the sole occupants, their desire for peace and disposition to behave themselves in sincere, but all experience shows that unless collected and settled in some named district, and some conjtrol exercised over them, robberies, &amp;c., will be of annual recurrence. Small parties of our people, and, no doubt, sometimes aggravations and aggressions by these parties traveling in every direction, searching every stream and mountain for gold, offer temptations, sharpened by the curtailment of hunting and fishing privileges (which our settlements naturally cause), which are not easy to be resisted. The south side of Camas Prairie would afford an excellent settlement for them. Camas abounds [with] an abundance of small fish in the streams, plenty of grass, and being adjacent to Snake River, affords opportunities of fishing below the great falls, above which salmon cannot pass. This would not interfere with settlements on the north side, which embraces the largest extent of good lands. All the Indians living northwest of Salt Lake visit the grounds in the spring and summer, putting up their winter supply of camas, and after the root season is over, resort to the falls and other points on the Snake to put up fish. All that were in the valley were collected by messengers east of Fort Hall three or four weeks in advance of our arrival. Necessity will beyond doubt compel them to keep up their visits to the camas grounds, and there is good reason to belrmitted, the usual thefts and outrages would be the consequence, unless settled in the presence of some controlling power. The effect of failure to commit the usual robberies is easily detected among those here by the destruction of which they complain, and scarcity of powder, lead, &c. The great outrages committed heretofore by the frequenters of the country between Boise and Fort Hall causes some regret that accounts should be canceled so easily, but no doubt the punishment inflicted by General Connor, and the disposition of citizens with whom they have come in contact, have satisfied them that any other policy than their present would lead to extermination.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General B. ALVORD,

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.
HDQRS. EXPEDITION AGAINST THE SNAKE INDIANS,Camp Numbers 51, Camas Prairie, Idaho Ter., September 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the arrival of my command at this camp on the evening of the 5th instant in good health. Not hearing of any emigration, and accepting the opinion of Captain Crawford, of

