
the overland escort, as well as the ferryman at Snake River, that the emigration had passed, I broke up camp on the Port Neuf, near fort Hall, on the 27th ultimo, and moved for this camp by the same route over which we had gone out. Without the occurrence of anything worthy of mention we arrived as above stated. I have completed my arrangements for the march from this camp via Salmon Falls, sending the infantry, Captain O'Regan, to report to Major Lugenbeel and Captain Mason, to receive of Captain Hughes, acting commissary of subsistence at Fort Boise, such supplies as I may require for the march to Fort Walla Walla and to camp on the Malheur until I join him with the cavalry. Of the prospects of the expedition to the south side of Snake Riv at present can only be conjecture. The same may be said as to the permanencey of the peace or treaties made with the Snake or Shoshone Indians. It is evident, however, to my mind, that it cannot last when these Indians are allowed the privilege of their old resorts or of scattering generally over the country. We found on the waters of McArthur's River the body of an Indian killed about the 20th August, as we inferred from the date of papers found near the body. Such acts will certainly lead to retaliation, and most likely unsuspecting parties be the sufferers. I learn also that a good many of Pocatello's people crossed over from Snake River to the waters of Lost River the day after the command crossed what is known as the desert. These will undoubtedly scatter over the country, as heretofore, according to interest or inclination, and cannot fail to come into communication with more or less of our people who are ignorant of existing treaties, or of the tribe to which they may belong. In fact, such knowledge by many is of little importance, and makes but little diffierence in their disposition to them. Pocatello was at our camp on the Port Neuf the day before we left. In acknowledge the receipt of General Cannor's letter (copy of which has been forwarded) I remarked, "I hope to find on the south side of Snake River on my return to Fort Walla Walla the remaining portions of what are known as the Shoshone or Snake Indians, and to be able to inflict such punishment as their crimes deserve. " Since my return to this camp I learn (unofficially) that an Indian agent, with military escort from Utah, had gone down on the south side of Snake River and returned to Utah by the same route. I know nothing of the object of his visit, but taking into consideration the fact that a number of white people are intimately associated with these Indians, and their facilities for getting information, I doubt whether I succeed in finding any body of Indians of sufficient force to warrant me in attacking them; of the small parties that I may be able to capture, or that may come to my camp, I cannot possibly obtain such evidence as would warrant in hanging them. I will move early in the morning, and shall endeavor to keep you advised of my future movements and acts as often as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, Commanding.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.
HDQRS. EXPEDITION AGAINST THE SNAKE INDIANS,Camp Numbers 56, Salmon Falls Creek, Idaho Ter., September 23, 1863.

SIR: Since my last of September 10 nothing of any importance has occurred. I arrived with the command at the Salmon Falls on the

