
29th, halting one day at the Three Islands, thirty miles below Salmon Falls. The road from the falls does not follow the river. I sent out parties while en route to the Three Islands to collect in all the Indians on either side of the river, or to attack in case of finding any considerable force of them. These were the Indians whom I mentioned in my last as intending to visit. About forty were collected. They live a family in a place, on either side of the river for a distance of thirty or forty miles; have no arms, and a very small number of Indian ponies; not an average of one to each family. As in the case of those at the falls they expressed great desire for peace and a willingness to do anything or go anywhere they might be directed. I had no evidence of guilt or of complaints and endeavored to impress the importance to them of not only not molesting our people themselves, but of giving in the event of any being molested in their vicinity, such information as would lead to the punishment of the guilty. There are from 80 to 100 of this party, all Shoshones, and, aware of the treaties made at Salt Lake, scattered along the river from the great falls to the mouth of this stream, a distance of 100 miles. Something should be done with them, for if disposed to behave themselves they are liable to be punished for the depredations of the roaming and more enterprising bands that occupy the country to the south and west. Since we crossed the river on the 15th of September scouting parties have examined all the country within our reach. Captain Currey was detached on the 24th ultimo, supplie rations, and directed to go south, following the west bank of Salmon Falls Creek to its source; thence northwest to the headwaters of this stream, and to join the command at this place, where he arrived on the evening of the 4th, having made a circuit of some 200 miles, reaching the divide of the waters of Salmon Falls Creek and the Humboldt. Here it snowed two or three inches upon him. He then changed his course for the waters of this stream, which were successively crossed, heading in snow capped mountains, and came down it on the west side. Saw during the entire trip but four Indians. One family on Salmon Falls Creek, fifty miles from the falls, two other families on the waters of this stream, who were returning, as they said, from a visit to the Humboldt mines. He crossed and traveled many old and much-used trails, all the signs being made during the spring and early summer, and showing that the Indians were moving south and west, evidently getting into the country drained by John Day's, Malheur, and Owyhee Rivers. I had hoped to be able to travel down the latter, but the lateness of the season and the distance from Snake River to any point high enough up the Owyhee to render the trip of any service make it impossible. Previous to Captain Currey's return, Lieutenant Waymire, with a detachment of twenty men of Company D, while scouting, came upon a party of about twenty Indians some twenty miles up this stream, attacked and killed four and wounded several others, who with the remainder escaped and killed four and wounded several others, who with the remainder escaped on account of the character of the country, the camp being so inaccessible that the lieutenant was obliged to leave his horses a mile and a half distant. Many depredations have been committed on this stream, and the Indians who occupy it never fail to kill and steal whenever opportunity offers. From the sign in the upper part of the valley we would have found quite a force of them, but the creek had been visited about the 1st of September by a party of miners who attacked a party encamped near the mouth. We found the remains of seven bodies. All the roaming Indians of the country visit the Bruneau more or less. It affords

