
MAY 5-30, 1863. -Expedition from Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., to Soda Springs, on the Bear River, Idaho Ter.

Report of Brigadier General P. Edward Connor, U. S. Army, commanding District of Utah.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., June 2, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to the general commanding the department that on the 5th of May ultimo Company H, Third Infantry California Volunteers, Captain Black, left this post, pursuant to my orders, en route, via Box Elder, Bear River, Cache and Marsh Valleys, for a point at or near the great bend of Bear River known as Soda Springs, Idaho Ter., for the purpose of establishing a new post in that region for the protection of the overland emigration to Oregon, California, and the Bannock City mines. Accompanying this expedition and under its protection were a large number of persons heretofore resident of this Territory, seceders (under the name of Morrisites) from the Mormon Church. Many, if not all, of these having been reduced by the long continued persecutions of the Mormons to the most abject poverty, have for some months past claimed and received the protection and assistance of the forces under my command. Prudential reasons, applying as well to this command as to the Morrisites themselves, rendered it advisable that they should be removed from the vicinity of this camp and beyond the evil influences and powers of the Mormon hierarchy. Regarding the expedition to Soda Springs, Idaho Ter., as presenting a favorable opportunity for this purpose, I ordered transportation to be provided for the most indigent and the distribution of provisions to the destitute, both en route and after arrival at the new post, until such time as by industry and well-directed effort these impoverished and persecuted people should be able to support themselves. Some of them were able to furnish their own teams and wagons. Most of them gathered up their household goods and provided themselves with a scanty supply of provisions for their sustenance. They numbered in all 160 souls, comprised of 53 families, 7 single men, and 4 widows. On the next day, May 6, I followed with Company H, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Lieutenant Clark commanding, and overtook the main train and infantry twenty-five miles north of this city. Proceeding thence be easy marches of from fifteen to eighteen miles per day along the eastern shore of Great Salt Lake, the entire command arrived at Brigham City (or Box Elder), sixty miles north, May 8. Here leaving the infantry and train to proceed by the old beaten road through Cache and Marsh Valleys and across the mountains, via Sublett's Cut-Off, I took the cavalry by a less frequented road, crossing Bear River at the lower ferry; thence up the plateau lying between the Malade and Bear Rivers, over the mountains dividing the waters of the Great Basin from those of Snake and Columbia Rivers; thence down the westerly side of Marsh Valley, crossing the Port Neuf River north of Sublett's Cut-Off, and down the east and right bank of that river to Snake River Ferry, a distance of 200 miles from this post, arriving at that point May 13. Our general course to the ferry was a little east of due north, passing through a series of valleys well watered and with light timber along the streams and on the mountain sides. The luxuriant vegetation at this early season of the year furnishing good grass for the animals, as well as the evidences of

