
last year's growth, bespoke the fertility of the soil and its adaptation to agriculture. This remark more especially applies to Marsh Valley, lying due north of and adjoining Cache Valley, the latter being already thickly settled by Mormons, whose most northerly settlements extend within fifteen or twenty miles of the first-mentioned valley, the Bear River and a low ridge dividing the two valleys. After leaving Brigham City the command performed two night marches, the first of twelve and the second of thirty-five miles, as I had reason to believe that wandering bands of hostile savages, remnants of the Shoshones, engaged or connected with [those] who took part in the battle of Bear River (29th) of January last), were in the neighborhood and might be surprised and punished for repeated and recent outrages on emigrants and settlers. In this expectation, however, I was disappointed, few, if any, traces of Indians being found, and thenceforward the command proceeded by daily marches. In Port Neuf Valley we came upon two lodges of Indians (Shoshones), who came unhesitatingly into camp with their squaws, satisfactorily answered all questions propounded, and gave evidence of friendly disposition toward the whites. Giving them to understand the determination of the Government to punish summarily all bad Indians, and receiving assurances of future good conduct on their part, I passed on without molesting these Indians. At Snake River Ferry were several large trains of emigrants bound north to the mines, and here recruiting their animals. Here also was an encampment of seventeen lodges of Shoshone (or Snake) Indians, numbering in all, including those who came in the next day, 250 or 300. They were well mounted and had grazing in the vicinity a considerable number of stock. These Indians were reliably represented to me as friendly and peaceable, and have been living at the ferry during the past winter. Being accompanied by Judge Doty, superintendent of Indian affairs for Utah, a conference was held with the Indians on the night of our arrival attended by the chiefs, old and young men, and squaws. Through an interpreter many questions were asked as to the locality of hostile chiefs and their bands, and the power of the Government duly impressed upon them. They were informed that the troops had been sent to this region to protect good Indians and whites, and equally to punish bad Indians and bad white men; that it was my determination to visit the most summary punishment, even to extermination, on India depredations upon the lives and property of emigrants or settlers. They were also assured that if bad whites trespassed upon their rights the report of the facts to me or my officers would be followed by punishment on the malefactors and a prompt remedy of all grievances to the extent of my power. After the customary smoking with the chiefs and a grand dance by men and squaws, I ordered the distribution among them of a small quantity of bacon, flour, and sugar. The conference was satisfactory, and the exhibition of the force at my command in that far off region, as well as our rapid march through a country rarely traversed by whites, evidently had a good effect. I learned from them that Pocatello, the great chief of the hostile Shoshones, had gone a lond distance off on the Lower Snake, probably in the vicinity of the Humbolds; that Saquache [Sagwich?], one of the leaders, who escaped wounded from the battle of Bear River, was somewhere in thesouth near the Mormon settlements of Cache Valley, and San Pitch still farther east. The region immediately about the Snake River at this ferry, which is about ten miles east of old Fort Hall, is a dry, barren sand plain, the road to the ferry being exceedingly heavy and

