
difficult to traverse. Grass of tolerable quality and quantity is to be found several miles to the eastward on the Blackfoot Creek, which here empties into the Snake after running for perhaps thirty miles parallel with and not far from the river. The Snake here is a rapid stream 250 yards in width, and at this season 20 feet in depth, and is seldom or never fordable at this point. Beyond and to the northward the plain of sage brush and grease wood extends some fifty miles to a high range of mountains, three high buttes in the midst of the plain forming a prominent landmark. The distance from Soda Springs to this ferry, via the Bridger and Fort Hall emigrant road, is upward of seventy miles, pursuing a nore. Emigrants from the East via this road for the new mines, leaving the ferry travel up the Snake River in nearly an easterly direction about seventy miles to a point nearly due north of Soda Springs, thus following from Soda Springs along two sides of a triangle, either of which is seventy miles long, a distance of 140 miles. With the design of finding a practicable route for a wagon road through some pass in the mountains whereby a more direct course could be made, I sent Lieutenant Clark with a detachment of twenty-five men with five days' rations and orders to cross the Blackfoot near its source at the base of the foothills, and, proceeding up the Snake sixty or seventy-five miles, turn to the south, seek out such pass, and join the command at Soda Springs. This expedition was eminently successful, finding a good pass for a road along the base of the triangle mentioned above, striking Snake River seventy miles above and east of the present ferry. At this point a ferry has been established, and in a short time a good boat will be in running order. With the main body of the cavalry, train, &amp;c., I left the Blackfoot about fifteen miles east of the ferry, and pursuing a southeasterly course across the divide by a good natural road, arrived at Soda Springs on the 17th of May, passing through large and fertile valleys lying along Ross Fork of Snake River and the North Branch of the Port Neuf. The infantry with the settlers not having yet arrived, detachments under Lieutenants Bradley and Ustick were dispatched north and south to explore the country and find a route for a direct and practicable wagon road to they settlements in Cache Valley and to report on the character of country explored.

On the 20th Company H, Third Infantry, arrived, after a long and tedious trip, accompanied by their charge, the settlers for the new town. A suitable and eligible location was selected on the north bank of Bear River, near the great bend, and four miles east of where the Soda Springs Valley opens into Old Crater Valley, the latter some fifty miles in length and twenty in width. The sight was surveyed immediately east of the springs, as was also one mile square for a military reservation, adjoining on the east the town site, in latitude about 42 1/2 north and longitude 1111/2 west. The water is good and abundant as well from the river as from the numerous mountain streams-easily diverted for purpose of irrigation. Back of the town and north wood for fuel is abundant, while on the opposite side of the river timber of large growth suitable for building purposes is found at a distance of less thant wo miles. The soil, judging from the growth of the native grasses and the appearance of the ground, is susceptible of cultivation and the raising of valuable crops, the shortness of the season and the altitude of the place alone rendering this at all doubtful. The settlers were allotted building lots of fair size, and proceeded immediately to the erection of shelters for themselves and families. After remaining

