
at this post for six days, establishing the infantry at the new post and looking to the present and immediate future wants of the settlers, on the 30th of May I returned to this post via the Mormon settlements in Cache Valley. The explorations above referred to satisfied me of the fertility of the country surrounding Soda Springs and of the entire practicability of making at small expense of labor a good wagon road from the northern settlements of Cache Valley, crossing Bear River at ornear the battle-ground through a gap in the mountains, and thence northerly along the western bank of Bear River to Soda Springs. This road will be much more direct than the old road traversed by the infantry company, and the distance can be reduced from 200 miles, as at present, to about 150 or 160 miles. This road, connecting with the new road explored by Lieutenant Clark north from Soda Springs to Bannock City, will render the distance from the latter place to this point not more than 350 miles. The new road north from Soda Springs to Snake River will shorten the route of emigrants from the East via Fort Bridger not less than seventy miles, as well as present a route well watered and furnishing good feed for animals, with abundance of game. The expedition has traveled in a direct line about 500 miles, and has carefully explored a region of country over 1,000 miles in extent heretofore little known, and concerning which only the most vague and crude ideas were held. Before leaving Soda Springs I sent a detachment of twenty men over the mountains to pass through Bear Lake Valley in hopes of finding the band of Sagwich, supposed to be roaming in that section. The detachment was unsuccessful in its object, and it joined the command a few days after at Franklin, the most northerly settlement in Cache Valley, having thoroughly searched the region through which it passed. In this connection I may add that having occasion to send an empty train to Carson for quartermaster's stores, I furnished to 150 Morrisites transportation to that point, and they have already safely arrived at their destination.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army,

Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.

JUNE 20, 1863. -Skirmish near Government Springs, Utah Ter.

Report of Brigadier General P. Edward Connor, U. S. Army, commanding District of Utah.

SALT LAKE CITY, June 22, 1863.

Expedition from Bridger under Captain Lewis captured fifty of San Pitch's band. Captain Smith killed ten Indians Saturday last near Government Springs. Utes collecting in settlements south in large numbers, and threatening destruction to soldiers and overland mail. Have only sixty men for duty at Camp Douglas.

P. E. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

