
encamped in the valley for the night. Including the run after the Indians, we traveled over sixty miles to-day.

August 6, there being some cattle scattered all over the valley, I sent small escorts with the owners to collect them together, after which we proceeded with them (176 head) toward Round or Big Valley. On the way one of the citizens accidentally shot one of our horses. August 7, believing the cattle and citizens out of danger, and also believing that the various Indian tribes all around here had been engaged in this affair, and that each had made off to the interior of the mountains with his share of the spoils, I concluded to take a northeast direction, and wherever I would come across an Indian trail with cattle tracks to follow it up. About noon I came to a very pretty little valley, with water and grass, suitable for a camp. Here we halted, and having seen several cattle and Indian tracks, I sent several scouts out, who returned toward evening without success. Bugler Arnold having been sick all along, I sent him back to the post this morning with the citizens. August 8, marched southeast. About 10 a. m. struck an Indian trai; followed up northeast for about two miles; came on a very large Indian rancheria, which seemed to have been abandoned about one day since, and temporarily arranged for about 150 Indians. We ektp on up the mountains; crossed, and came toward evening to a small valley, where we found near a deserted Indian rancheria fifteen head of cattle. We also found a large catle trail. It being late we had to camp. August 9, took up the cattle and indian trail (eastern direction); followed it through the mountains for eight or nine miles; took a northeast direction; passed a lake, where the Indians with cattle must have camped. Followed on the trail over a very rocky country; came on the edge of the mountain overlooking a very large valley, on the South Fork of Pitt River. Saw some cattle at a distance and a number of Indians scattering in all directions. Got in the valley and made for their rancheria, at the mouth of a canon. Here the Indians sent off thildren, and about 100 warriors paraded. The rocky country compelled us to dismount and attack them on foot, but before we came within shot distance, all of them ran up the canon. Our pursuit was fruitless. Here I found over fifty head of cattle killed and the beef hung up to dry. I burned all I could find belonging to the Indians. Here we encamped.

August 10, having over 100 head of cattle, it was impossible for me to follow the Indians-more so as we were out of prisions-therefore I struck for home. On the way home I found about fifty head of cattle more. Camped on Pitt River. August 11, followed the Pitt River down and encamped at the mouth of Pitt River Canon. August 12, citizens and cattle being out of danger, I started ahead and arrived at sunset at the post. On the way I found in the Big Valley all the grass on fire; also the mountains dividing the Big Valley from fall River Valley; also a house burned down at Ralf's Crossing, on Pitt River. Since my arrival I learn that one of the men who got wounde died; also four horses, which fully proves that the arrows were poisoned

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN FILNER,

Second Lieutenant, First Dragoons, U. S. Army.

Second Lieutenant J. H. KELLOGG,

First Dragoons, Commanding Fort Crook, Cal.

