
JUNE 23, 1863. -Affair at Canon Station, Nev. Ter.

Report of Major Patrick A. Gallagher, Third California Infantry.

FORT RUBY, NEV. TER., June 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Inclosed I have the honor to transmit corrected proceedings of garrison court. I would also inform the general commanding that on yesterday Assistant Surgeon Kirkpatrick returned to this post from Canon Station with Private Abbott, of Company E, who was wounded at that place on the 23rd instant. I learn from Abbott that on the morning of the 23rd Corporal Hervey and himself left the station as a guard to the water cart. After they had left Privates Burgher and Elliott also left to go hunting, leaving the station unprotected, something which has not been done since the troops have been guarding the road. Between 11 and 12 a. m. as the water cart was returning they were fired upon by Indians, who had made a screen of sage bushes, and Corporal Hervey was shot dead. Private Abbott, although wounded by a ball through his neck, jumped out of the wagon and seized Hervey's gun and pistol, and returned the fire, as also did the driver of the water cart. He is confident that they hit three or four of them. This happened within about 500 yards of the station. They immediately drove there, thinking if the balance of the guard was there they might get some of the Indians, but found them gone. Soon after they saw two or three Indians going up the mountain south of the station, one of whom had a bright gun. ALthough they were upward of 1,200 yards off they fired at them, and from their actions immediately after think that one of them was hit. An express was immediately sent to Deep Creek, and eight of the cavalry left for the scene at once. On their arrival they found the body of Elliott with thirty-five ball holes in it, horribly mutilated, but not scalped. Soon after they found the body of Burgher with four ball holes in it, and in about the same condition as Elliott's. The bodies of all three were taken to Deep Creek and there buried under the supervision of Lieutenant Hosmer, who left his post immediately on the receipt of the news. The Indians succeeded in getting Burgher's musket and fifty rounds of ammunition; also a double-barreled shotgun and a small quantity of powder and shot from Elliott. I have ordered Lieutenant Quinn to scout in that vicinity, and if possible discover their place of concealment. I have also increased the infantry force along the road, sending every man that can be spared from the garrison. I feel perfectly satisfied that if Burgher and Elliott had not disobeyed orders and left the station they would not have been killed, but on the contrary wouldhave had an opportunity of rendering a good account of some of the Indians, as they were within range of their pieces, and there were seventeen counted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. GALLAGHER,

Major Third Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Captain C. H. HEMPSTEAD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Utah.

JULY 20-26, 1863. -Operations in Rounad Valley, Cal.

Report of Captain Charles D. Douglas, Second California Infantry, commanding Fort Wright.

FORT WRIGHT, Round Valley, July 26, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding that on Monday, 20th of July, Colonel S. S. Davis, a

