
settler in Round Valley, came to me and reported that on Sunday, 19th instant, his hay and barn had been set on fire by Indians, and that the fire had consumed the entire building and hay therein stored, amounting to a loss of about $1,000. Colonel S. S. Davis and other settlers in the valley reported to me that the Ukie tribe of Indians did threaten to kill all the white men in the valley, burn their property, and then run off into the mountains. On hearing all these reports I immediately proceeded to investigate all the charges against the Ukie tribe, and the results of my investigation are as follows: That the Ukie chief and three of his tribe set fire to and burned S. S. Davis' barns and hay, and that the entire Ukie tribe had a well preconcerted plot to kill all the white men they could, burn their property, and then go into the mountains. In doing all this the valley Indians were to be assisted by the mountain bands, and the mountain bands were to be led into the valley to commit all kinds of depredations and murders by the headmen or leaders of the tribe, and they had their plots so well arranged that each Indian knew what he had to do and at what time to do it, but the mountain Indians were to kill some white men that were at that time herding sheep in the mountains southeast of this valley. On learning these facts I directed Lieutenant Coffman to take four men from the command, and as many citizens as could or would go with him, and proceed to the sheep ranches and notify the men there of their danger and the threats the Indians made against them. The lieutenant reports that on his arrival at the firdistant twenty miles) he was informed that they had already run off the men on the other ranches and that they were hourly expecting to be attacked and burned out. The lieutenant further reports that about half an hour after his arrival at the first ranch, five Indians came there well armed, and he believed the Indians came there to put their threat into execution, for the instant the Indians saw the troops they attempted to get away. They were fired upon and killed, all but one. He getting into the brush could not be shot. Two of these Indians were identified by three men as the perpetrators of five murders during the past six years. In the meantime, by the aid of the citizens, I succeeded in arresting five of the principal leaders of the conspiracy against the life and property of the settlers and they were (on the testimony of white men and Indians of the same tribe as the offenders) hung at this post July 21, 1863, in the presence of all the Indians in the valley. I informed the Indians my cause for putting to death the five Indians of their tribe; also that all Indians caught in like conspiracies against white men would be hung in like manner, but if they would be good Indians that the troops and Indian Department would protect and take care of them. The principal chief and another Indian were killed during their attempt to kill S. S. Davis the night of the 20th instant, which makes eleven of the principal leaders in the conspiracy who have suffered death. I have reason to believe that the condign punishment inflicted on the leaders will have a very good effect on the whole tribe. It has already restored quiet among them. None of the reservation are in any way implicated in any of these plots. Those who suffered death were living with and working for the settlers in the valley.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. D. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pcisco, Cal.

