
AUGUST 22, 1863. -Affair at San Pedro Crossing, Ariz. Ter.

Report of Sergt. George W. Yager, Company E, First California Cavalry.

SAN PEDRO CROSSING, ARIZ. TER., August 22, 1863.

SIR: This morning about 9 o'clock, as we were turning our horses out to graze-four of them were already hobbled about 100 paces from the house, and the men who was looking out for them was engaged in catching a horse that had got loose-eleven mounted Indians dashed from the river above and intended to run between the hay-stack and the station to stampede some that were picketed there, but the men commenced firing at them and compelled them to change their course. Then they made for the four that were hobbled, and the men were so close on them that they were forced to leave the best mule. They succeeded in taking two Spanish horses and one small mule. Fortunately, they were the worst animals at the station. Myself and Saenger mounted our horses and pursued them about three miles, firing into them with our revolvers, but all was in vain. They tried to surround us, but we kept the advantage of them. They were armed with bows and arrows and short rifles. I had not enough men to follow them and protect the station at the same time. Two horses short here.

Yours, with respect,

GEO. W. YAGER.

Captain WELLMAN,

As near as I can tell, three Indians were badly wounded.

Captain WELLMAN.

As near as I can tell, three Indians were badly wounded.

AUGUST 22-SEPTEMBER 20, 1863. -Expedition from Fort Lapwai, Idaho Ter., to The Meadows.

Report of Lieutenant John Bowen, First Oregon Cavalry.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following, viz:

In compliance with Orders, Numbers 144, dated headquarters Fort Lapwai, August 21, 1863, I left here on the 22nd ultimo in command of twenty-two enlisted men of Squadron F, First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, and the hospital steward of said regiment. On the 30th I arrived in Elk Valley within two miles of Elk City. After learning all I could in reference to the Indian depredations committed on Red River I started the following morning for The Meadows on Red River. The trail from Elk City to The Meadows is somewhat dangerous for loaded animals to travel over. One of the pack animals fell from the trail and was killed. About twelve miles from Elk City came to excellent grazing for our animals and encamped. The day after arriving at the Meadows found a portion of the remains of Mr. Andrews, the person supposed to have been murdered by the Indians in the forepart of August. He had been murdered, and to all appearances partially covered with grass, but had been found by wild animals and entirely devoured, except some of the larger bones. Some papers and pieces of clothing were recognized by some of his friends, enough to prove his identity beyond a doubt. I remained at The Meadows until the 13th instant, during which time I had several parties out scouting, but could find

