
ammunition is almost out. I had to draw 100 rounds from Captain Tidball. There are no pistol cartridges here. Please send some pepper and mustard if possible. The quartermaster sent you some papers. Please ask Sergeant Andrews if they are correct. The horses lost belonged to the following men: First, Sergeant Kuhl, bay horse, American; second, Private Blanc, black horse, American; Private Lange, dark by horse, American; Private Davidson, light bay horse, American; Private Creeden, white horse, Spanish; Private Jones, dark cream horse, Spanish.

I sign myself,

CHS. KUHL,

Sergeant, Company E, First Cavalry California Volunteers.

Captain C. R. WELLMAN.

SEPTEMBER 3-DECEMBER 31, 1863. -Operations in the Humboldt Military District.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

September 3, 1863. -Skirmish in the Hoopa Valley, Cal.

November 13-14, 1863. -Skirmishes near the Big Bar on the South Fork of the Trinity River, Cal.

17, 1863. -Skirmish near Willow Creek on the Trinity River, Cal.

December 25, 1863. -Skirmish near Fort Gaston, Cal.

26, 1863. -Skirmish near Fort Gaston, Cal.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Lieutenant Colonel Stephen G. Whipple, First Battalion California Mountaineers, commanding Humboldt Military District.

Numbers 2. -Major William S. R. Taylor, First Battalion California Mountaineers.

Numbers 3. -Captain Abraham Miller, First Battalion California Mountaineers.

Numbers 4. -Captain George W. Ousley, First Battalion California Mountaineers.

Numbers 1.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Stephen G. Whipple, First Battalion California Mountaineers, commanding Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, Cal., September 26, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of telegraphic dispatch from department headquarters via Weaverville, of date September 17, 9 a. m. It arrived at this post this evening at 7 o'clock. I immediately dispatched an order to Major Taylor, commanding Fort Gaston, to have the telegraphic order at once carried out, if he had not previously anticipated it. Fort Gaston is the nearest military post to the scene of the recent outrages, being about forty miles distant, and the force there being sufficient to spare, temporarily, thirty or forty men. The first intimation received by me of the Indian depredations in Trinityn County came to hand on the 20th instant, to the effect that the mules ridden by the two soldiers who were escorting the mail between Fort Gaston and Weaverville had returned to the former place without riders, saddles, or bridles. This was mentioned in a communication from Major Taylor, but it was then supposed the mules had got away from their riders in the night; still, a detachment of twelve men under Captain Miller, company C, was immediately sent out to ascertain the

