
truth. By the escort to the mail from Fort Gaston to Camp Curtis, which arrived this evening, I am informed officially by Major Taylor that Captain Miller met a party of citizens from Weaverville, who informed him that the mail carrier and escort had been attacked by a party of about fifteen Indians; that one of the escort was killed, the other severely wounded, and it was supposed that the mail carrier was dead, as he could not be found, though about two miles from where the Indians made the attack, his saddle mule was caught by the wounded soldier and a slip of paper found, upon which was written ber that he was 'shot and mortally wounded. " The body of the murdered soldier was found with the nose and flesh cut from his face and his head pinioned to the ground by a long Chinese dirk through the neck. Previous to the attack upon the mail party the Indians had burned the buildings at Little Prairie, Martin's Ferry, and Taylor's Flat. It was also reported that twelve Chinamen were killed by this party of savages. At the time they attacked the mail the Indians were retruning from these depredations loaded with plunder. The Indians who perpetrated these outrages are from the hostile bands of the mountains, joined, it is believed, by a few from those ostensibly friendly. To send troops to punish these wretches in the vicinity where the depredations were committed will not likely avail anything, as they make these raids and then scatter and rejoin their several bands in the mountains. These marauding parties are generally composed of dlegations or detachments from different clans. To hunt them out and kill or capture them is the slow work of months, but it is the only way to put a stop to their hostilities. The best way to prevent a recurrence of depredations in the region of the late attack, I suggest, would be to have troops stationed at the crossing of main Trinity and the South Fork; also to have a strong escort upon the trail, as mentioned in letter to department headquarters of the 10th instant. To insure protection to the miners and other inhabitants along this line of communication, and to keep it open, will require one company of troops. The mail can be protected by less than half that number. This leads to a subject which I would gladly avoid, but I feel compelled to represent to the general commanding that the force at present at my command is not adequate to the service required. There are but four companies of the Mountaineer Battalion mustered into service, numbering in the aggregate less than 300 men, and recruits are coming in but slowly. That life and property may bin this military district, and that the principal lines of travel may be kept open, I would most respectfully, but in the strongest manner possible, urge that the present military strength of this district be re-enforced by two companies of infantry and one of cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Gaston, Cal., December 30, 1863.

COLONEL: I very respectfully report the following: On the day of my arrival at this post, 22nd instant, information was brought by a friendly

