
Indian that he had discovered where hostile Indians were living in log-houses, to which they resorted after committing depredations or when pressed by scouting parties. Lieutenant Thomas Middleton, Company C, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, with thirty men of same company, was at once dispatched, accompanied by Indian guides. Lieutenant Middleton found the place as described on the 25th instant, but he was not prepared to take it. In making a reconnaissance, one of his men, Private Leonard, received a severe and dangerous gunshot wound in the breast from and Indian spy. The Indian was shot down on the spot, and Lieutenant Middleton withdrew his command a few miles to await re-enforcements. Re-enforcements were promptly sent on the morning of the 26th instant, under command of Captain G. W. Ousley, Company B, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, when the attack was made. The houses were found to be of large logs with portholes, from which the inmates kept up a constant firing. The mountain howitzer was used with good effect, though without much accuracy at first from want of practice. Captain Ousley did not deemit best to carry the hourses by storm, as it was certain to result in the death of several soldiers. He therefore posted a strong guard around the houses and sent to Fort Gaston for more howitzer ammunition. This I furnished and accompanied the escort in person. When I arrived at the scene of action, about twenty-five miles from Fort Gaston, I learned that the houses were demolished, most of the Indians having managed to elude the guard in the darkness and had escaped. At the escape of the Indians I was deeply chagrined and at first disposed to blame the officers, but after observing the situation of the ground and taking into consideration the continued exposure of the men in the storms and their consequent fatigue, with other adverse circumstances, no other result could hardly be expected. The houses were situated in the center of a prairie, a good rifle-shot from the timber, in which occasionally numbers of armed Indians, friends of those in the houses, manifested their presence. It was found that two Indians had been killed and that several must have been wounded. Within the buildings were many articles recognized as having belonged to citizens heretofore-a Government saddle lost at the time the mail carrier and one of the escorts were killed in September on the Trinity; four guns, loaded, were also taken, and the remnanets of swords found, together with household furniture. Two horses and two mules were also captured which had been stolen from citizens. One important result is that the savages are now convinced that they are not safe in any fortifications which they can construct. It also proved that some of the houses (five in all) were owned and occasionally occupied by Indians from this valley. The casualties on our side were Private Leonard, of Company C, as noted above, and Private C. Smith, of Company B, severely wounded in the right arm at the elbow. Upon learning that men had been wounded Asst. Surg. E. Phelps, Second Infantry California Volunteers, at once requested permission to go to them in the field, which was granted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco.

