
Weaverville mail two trips. The escort of two men I considered too small, as their road passed through the worst portion of Indian country, and of the bands with whom we have already come in collision, resulting in the killing of two of their number and wounding one other, and where the party that escaped us are supposed to be lurking. I would have furnished a stronger escort, but such is out of my power. We have not the means in saddles or mules, and men are too scarce. Shortly after having assumed command of this post I made it my duty to ascertain the number of Indians in this vicinity. Above the fort, on Trinity as far up as the South Fork, fourteen miles, there were about 75 fighting Indians and 150 squaws and children. Below the fort, on Trinity River, to the Kamath, eight miles, there are 155 fighting bucks and 350 squaws and children. Indians from this valley are joining small roving bands of Redwood and Mad River Indians. We have conclusive evidence that Madam Weaver and Merrick were murdered by Indians belonging to a ranch about seven miles above this post, at the mouth of Willow Creek, where it empties into the Trinity. Two of these Indians were captured, and, endeavoring to escape, were killed. One of them confessed before he died of being at Madam Weaver's murder; the other we have evidence of his participation in the fights on Redwood. The ranches to which they, belonged have been deserted, and about thirty of their number have taken to the mountains. Two Chinamen were murdered on New River by some Indians belonging to a ranch in the vicinity of this post, who are now prisoners. The guilty ones, however, have escaped. On the 13th of August I visited and had a talk with the Indians at the principal and largest ranches in Hoopa Valley, assuring them that my chief entertained friendly feelings toward them, and would assist and protect them if they remained at their homes and discontinued all intercostile Indians, and I would reward them for the apprehension of Indians who had been engaged in hostility against the whites. Everything went on smoothly until August 30, when we ascertained that the murderers of the two Chinamen were at a ranch near the fort. First Lieutenant Hempfield, Company B, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, was sent by Captain Ousley to arrest the suspected parties, who resisted, and would have killed the lieutenant but for the interference of the squaws. Lieutenant Hale and Mr. Moffitt accompanied me to the ranch immediately after the occurrence. The chief informed me that the Indians we wanted had fled. I told him I would give him three days to produce the guilty parties. If they were not brought to me in that time we would hold the ranch responsible, and they should not life there. Previous to the expiration of the three days I visited the lower ranches and informed them of my determination to take the upper ranch; at the same time, if they desired to participate in the fight, we were ready and willing to give them all a good whipping. They, however, declined the invitation. I then ordered them to keep the peace with each other for twenty days (they had been fighting each other for some time past). In the meantime we had captured a couple of boats going down the river in the night, severely wounding one Indian and killing another who endeavored to escape. This Indian we have satisfactory evidence had been engaged in the Redwood fights.

On the night of the 2nd of September Captain G. W. Ousley, Company B, Mountaineers, with a detachment of his men crossed the river (leaving a party under Sergeant Hurst to guard the trail where his tracks crossed it), and took up the mountains to come in above the ranch by

