
FORT GASTON, CAL., November 18, 1863.

SIR: On the 13th of November Captain Miller, of Company C, with a detachment of fifteen men from Companies B and C, who were scouting to Big Bar and South Fork of Trinity, found two Indians and three squaws dressing a beef they had killed. The two Indians were killed, but the squaws escaped. The next morning while crossing the South Fork on their return they were fired on by a small band of Indians. Two of the men were severely wounded, but not dangerously. The pack animals stampeded; all were recovered but three. Captain Miller was obliged to return without pursuing the Indians, as several of his men were sick, two wounded, and the rations exhausted. Captain Ousley on the 14th left with a detachment of sixteen men of Companies C and B, and found two of the lost mules on the morning of the 17th at the mouth of Willow Creek. They encountered a band of about thirty Indians that have been concerned in nearly all the depredations in this vicinity, who attacked the party, severely wounding two of the men and slightly wounding Captain Ousley in the leg. The fight lasted seven hours; five Indians were killed and a number wounded. The men, although taken at great disadvantage, displayed admirable courage and discipline. The two Indians killed by Captain Miller's detachment are supposed to be two of the worst out, called Handsome Billy and Frank, who have been from boyhood associated with the whites, intelligent and excellent shots. Accompanying please receive reports from Captains Miller and Ousley.

Very respectfully, yours,

WM. S. R. TAYLOR,

Major 1st Batt. Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Fort Gaston.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3.

Report of Captain Abraham Miller, First Battalion California Mountaineers.

FORT GASTON, November 15, 1863.

MAJOR: In accordance with your orders I proceeded up the river as far as Taylor's Flat, on Trinity. Finding no chance for foraging with my detachment we returned to Cedar Flat, where we found forage in Weaverville had returned, at which time we started on our return. About 3 o'clock on the afternoon of the 13th we found two Indians and three squaws dressing a beef they had just killed at Thomas' ranch. Upon being surprised they at once jumped into the river and attempted to swim away, but after much shooting they were killed. Being so intent on killing the bucks the squaws escaped us. The next day, while crossing at the mouth of the South Fork, we were attacked by a band of Indians from the northern side of the main Trinity. At the first fire all the damage was done, two men being severely wounded-J. F. Heckmann, of Company C, and Samuel McCracken, of Company B. Both sides of the river being nearly perpendicular, a grand rush was made to get up the bank. When there we fired a volley at them, when they ran away at the first fire. The wildest of our mules stampeded,

