
but we recovered all but three, who were loaded with blankets. Several of our men being sick, and having the wounded to care for, and being just out of rationsm we deemed it at this time most prudent to return.

Your, most respectfully,

A. MILLER,

Captain Company C, First Battalion Mountainners, California Vols.

Major W. S. R. TAYLOR,

Commanding Fort Gaston.

Numbers 4.

Report of Captain George W. Ousley, First Battalion California Mountaineers.

FORT GASTON, CAL., November 18, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 69, I took a detachment of fifteen men on the 14th instant and proceeded up Trinity River to the mouth of Willow Creek, where I camped for the night. Here I found two of the mules that had strayed off from Captain Miller. On the morning of the 15th instant I moved camp up the Trinity to within one mile and a half of the South Fork, where I put out scouts, and kept them out until the 16th at noon. Found no sign of the other mule, and but little sign of Indians. At 12 m. the 16th I moved camp down to the mouth of Willow Creek, where I camped for the night. The morning of the 17th, at daybreak, I sent three men half a mile distant to kill some venison, if possible. Whilst out they got separated, and one came into camp a few minutes before 7 a. m. I then took four men and started to go up a ridge to hunt for Indian signs. On arriving at the foot of the ridge I heard a shot and the whoop of Indians. As soon as I reached the summit of the ridge I found that the Indians were giving chase to the two men that had gone hunting, and had already wounded one of them. I got my men from camp, half a mile distant, by hallooing. In the meantime I gave the Indians fight with four men. The fighting commenced at 7. 30 a. m. and continued until 3 p. m. Charles Johnson, of Company B, was wounded by the first shot that was fired. Dusky, of Company C, acting packer for the acting assistant quartermaster, was also wounded during the engagement. I was also slightly wounded in the right leg. During the seven and a half hours' fighting every man behaved as only good men could. We drove the Indians from the ground, but they took with them their dead and wounded, which I could not prevent, there being some thirty or forty of them well armed and stationed in thick timber, and I had but eleven men that I could send against them, as it took four men to guard camp. The Indians carried off five dead that I know of, and I think more. There was also a good propoThey fired at least 1,000 shots, and as a general thing shot close. I staid on the ground two hours and a half after the fighting was over, finding it necessary to get the wounded where they could be cared for. I then started for First Gaston, which place I reached at 12 p. m. the 17th instant.

Very respectfully, yours,

GEORGE W. OUSLEY,

Captain, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers.

Major W. S. R. TAYLOR,

Commanding Fort Gaston.

16 R R-VOL L, PT I

