
JANUARY 2, 1864. -Occupation of Santa Catalina Island, Cal.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel James F. Curtis, Fourth California Infantry, commanding District of Southern California.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Drum Barracks, Los Angeles County, January 12, 1864.

A company of infantry having been ordered by the commanding general of this department to take post at Santa Catalina Island and to assume military possession thereof, Captain B. R. West's company (C), Fourth Regiment California Volunteer Infantry, proceeded there from Drum Barracks, Cal., on 2nd of January, 1864, charged with executing the duty above indicated. The command consisted of one captain, one subaltern, one assistant surgeon (First California Volunteer Cavalry), and eighty enlisted men. On the 7th instant the undersigned, accompanied by Captain Morris, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, Wilmington Depot, inspected the camp and made a reconnaissance of a portion of the island with the view of selecting a suitable point for the garrison and of obtaining such information as might be of value to the department commander. Santa Catalinalies off the coast twenty-five miles southerly from San Pedro (Wilmington), which is one mile from Drum Barracks. It is twenty miles long from east to west, and has an average width of four to five miles. Upon its easterly end it widens to eight miles. Its surface is rough and moutainous and its shores rocky and precipitous. Aboutn one-third its length from the west end the shores of either side approach to within 600 yards, forming a low neck or isthmus, which rises gradually from the beaches to the center, where it is about sixty feet above the sea. This neck of land (or isthmus), being 600 yards in length as above stated, is about 300 yards in width, the hills rising abruptly on either side. It was selected for garrison purposes, and the company quarters authorized by the general were directed to be built near its center. It has recently been laid off in town lots by a squatter, and three shanties built, which, together with a sheep corral, were ordered removed. At some distance from the island the appearance presented is of two separate high islands. The indentations formed at the extremities of the isthmus provide secure anchorages. That on the south is termed Catalina Harbor, is land-locked, and will float the largest war ships. Ten or more could safely moor within it. Mariners consider it the safest harbor on the coast of California next after that on San Diego. That on the north side, termed Union Bay, was used by the vessel which transported the troops and supplies. She anchored within 150 yards of the beach. It is safe except during westerly gales, when a heavy swell rolls in. Union Bay contains two coves, known as Fourth of July Harbor and Fisherman's Harbor, which are used by small craft and fishing boats. Artillery upon the parade-ground of the post as selected will command the entire isthmus and both harbors at short ranges. Fresh water can be obtained by sinking forty to fifty feet, and a stream of running water has its source in the high land about eight miles from the proposed garrison. Thousands of cords of firewood have been cut and sold on the mainland to quartermasters and other purchasers. Directions have been given forbidding the cutting down of more trees for any purpose. Generally the hills are covered with will sage, grease wood, cacti, and other shrubbery peculiar to the latitude. Cottonwood, iron-wood, manzanita, and wild cherry are found in the ravines. The latitude of the isthmus is 33 26' north, and the temperature 10 warmer

