
than that of the adjacent mainland. Climate more salubrious than that of San diege or any other portion of California. The fogs of the coast rarely reach the island. No more fitting place could be found for a general hospital or depot for Indian prisoners. It is estimated that 15,000 wild goats are roaming over the almost inaccessible heights on the easterly end and the number fast increasing. The soldiers of the command were already supplying themselves with meat at the point of their rifles. Excepting a few foxes and squirrels, no other animals are found wild. It is unnecessary to state that fish in abundance and variety are taken along the shores. Nothing definite was ascertained of the title to the island. The occupants all acknolwedged the United States Government as owner, and received a notification to leave more with regret than surprise. The U. S. district attorney for the southern district of California should possess reliable information regarding ownership. An order for all persons, excepting Government employes and others specified, to remove from the isalnd having been issued recently by the department commander, steps were taken to ascertain the names of the occupants, and the following-named persons were ascertained to be engaged in raising stock: John Johnson, ten years a resident; owns 3,000 sheep, 200 head cattle; raises vegetables and fruits for sale. Charles Johnson, Brother of above; ten years' residence; 100 mares and colts. Spencer H. Wilson, five years a resident; 12,000 sheep, 10 head of cattle; principal occupation, cutting firewood for sale. William Howland, six years' residence; 3,000 sheep. Benjamin Weston, 2,000 sheep. Juan Cota, 400 head cattle. Francisco Guerrero, eight years a resident; 2,000 sheep. Swain Lawson; 10 head cattle; owns a small vessel employed about the island.

It will be impossible for the above mentioned persons to remove without an entire sacrifice of their flocks and property. It is now lambing season, and owing to scarcity of grass this year all through the southern portion of the State it would be useless to attempt moving sheep or cattle. Quite recently mines of galena have been discovered, and about seventy miners are at work prospecting in various places. Copper, silver, and gold are said to exist in connection, but lead is the predominating metal throughout and has been found in numerous places. Whether the ledges will pay to work is being solved. With the contradictory evidence upon the point I could reach no conclusion. An enrolling officer reached the island with the undersigned and proceeded at once with the duties of his office. No great pecuniary loss can accrue to the miners by removal. They have been to no expense as yet for machinrey or tools, and have been but a short time there. No work other than prospecting has been done. A meeting was about being called to make such rules as would secure to present possessors their mining claims until they be permitted to return. A harbor so safe as Catalina upon a coast almost destitute of them would be eagerly seized by any maritime enemy unless occupied by the forces of the United States. Upon returning to these headquarters after the inspection instructid from the general commanding modifying those previously given regarding the removal of persons from the island so that all owners of stock and members of incorporated mining companies may remain. It is respectfully suggested that claimants of other mining ground, not incorporated, some of which may be more valuable than that of incorporated companies, receive the equal privilege. It is particularly important that the entire isthmus from harbor to harbor, which is the military point of the island and upon which no

