
Wright, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers; Captain D. M. Greene, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers; Captain T. Buckley, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers; First Lieutenant J. P. Hackett, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers; Captain Eli Cook, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers; Second Lieutenant H. Hutton, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, and First Lieutenant K. Geer, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers. The scouts on the Klamath River, though not successful in capturing Seranaltin John, have had a very beneficial effect upon the Indians along that stream (Klamath), and I believe have made them our allies; all of which is very satifactory, as important results may be expected from the same. Great credit is due both to officers and men for activity, energy, and zeal displayed in scouting over (to them at least) a new country, which I might say cannot be described, but must be seen and traveled over to know anything about it, particularly with the elements against them nearly all the time. It has been storming, rain and snow, every day but one since the 21st ultimo; snow on all the mountains several feet deep and streams all high. One train has been out nine days to-day from Arcata. I propose to return to Fort Humboldt as soon as the train arrives and the snow and streams will permit, visiting Camp Iaqua and Boynton's Prairie on my route if possible.

H. M. BLACK,

Colonel Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT,Fort Humboldt, Cal., May 28, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, and it is with much satisfaction, for the information of the department commander, the arrival at this post yesterday afternoon of Captain Hull and sixteen enlisted men of Company D, Second Infantry California Volunteers, with a goodly number of Indian prisoners-66 bucks, 68 squaws, and 24 children; total, 158-who surrendered themselves to him near the junction of North Fork and main Eel Rivers. He believes that he could have induced more to come in, but his limited supply or provisions and transportation would not admit of further delay. After a few days' rest for himself and men at this post he will return to his scouting ground to kill or capture what few hostiles are left in that section of the district. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. BLACK,

Colonel Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 23, 1864.

Colonel H. M. BLACK,

Sixth Infantry California Vols., Commanding Dist. of Humboldt:

SIR: The general commanding has read with much interest and satisfaction your report of the 7th instant, as also the accompanying

---------------

*See report of Captain William E. Hull, May 15, p. 261.

---------------

