
tracks which I found at this point I think that the Indians numbered about forty or fifty, one-half of whom were women. In the meantime I sent to Camp Curtis for two days' additional rations, which I received in the evening. During the night the rain fell steadily, and on the morning of the 20th, there being every prospect of a long-continued storm, I determined, with regret, to relinquish the pursuit and return with my command to Arcata. We accordingly marched through a drenching rain to that place, where we arrived at 3 p. m. Yesterday, after seeing that the men were comfortable under a vacant building, occupied by the consent of the owner, I proceeded by steamer to this post. I would respectfully suggest to the colonel commanding the propriety of placing one company of troops at Baynton's Prairie for a time at least. It hink it would prevent any similar depredations being committed in the neighborhood of Arcata. I cannot neglect to mention the good conduct of the men of my command without exception. The energy and endurance which they have displayed on this their first active service will, I am sure, gain in the future for the company, under more favorable circumstances, a high reputation.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. F. WRIGHT,

Major Sixth Infantry California Volunteers.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Sixth California Volunteer Infty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT,Fort Humboldt, Cal., February 21, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the department commander, believing that the major and his command are entitled to great credit for the promptness and zeal displayed, and had not the elements been against us I think we would have been able to have given a better account of their maiden efforts. Yet we are here, and it is known, and ready for anything that may offer.

H. M. BLACK,

Colonel Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding District.
HDQRS. BATTALION SIXTH INFANTRY CALIFORNIA VOLS.,Camp near Fort Gaston, Cal., March 31, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with Orders, Numbers 2, dated headquarters District of Humboldt, March 14, 1864, I have the honor to report the operations of the battalion, composed of three companies (C, E, and G), Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, during the present mlion was in camp on the 1st instant near the town of Arcata, Cal. In accordance with previous instructions, Company C, Captain Buckley, proceeded on that day to take post at Baynton's Prairie, leaving fifteen men to guard the saw-mill near Arcata. Boynton's Prairie is east of Arcata, twelve miles distant, and about two miles from Mad River. Several trails from a junction at this pint from the northeast and southwest. It is, therefoe, well located for the defense of Arcata and the vicinity. On the 2nd instant the two companies (E and G), with the colonel commanding the district and staff, en route for Fort Gaston, marched to Liscombe's Hill, thirteen miles; on the 3rd to Fawn Prairie; on the 4th to Oak Grove, and on the 5th to this camp; total distance, forty-six miles. On the 8th instant, it having been reported that the Indians were assembling near the junction of Klamath and Trinity

