
At 8 p. m. I directed Captain Greene to proceed down the river very cautiously with his men and surround Young's and the neighboring Indian ranches. The night was very dark, the rain falling in torrents, and the trail difficult to follow even in the daytime, but they succeeded in accomplishing their purpose about 1 a. m.

On the following morning with the train and the balance of the command I followed. On my arrival no hostile Indians could be found in any of the ranches. Mr. Young states to me that the night previous they had been at his house with their leader, John; that he had not allowed him to come into his house, but had warned him not to again come thee, and that he did not know the dirction which the party had taken. On going into camp a short distance below I sent word t the different ranches int he vicinity that I wished to talk with them on the following mornign at my camp. Our arrival was so tally unexpected, and the appearance of so many men so much alarmed the Indians, whose fears had been much increased by the stories circulated among them hby the whites who live with them, that it was difficult to get them together. After some delay, however, some 200 were collected together. After I had statred to them my object, and assured them that their was no danger, they became calm. It appears that at or near this point there are three ranches, the most powerful ones of the Klamaths. They control the others, and their influence is very great. For some time past the jealousy which exists has prevented them from acting together. They readily admitted that from their inability to resist they had harbored John adn his party, but that they were ready to act together now, and attempt his capture if he again came on to the river. I told them that they must hreafter act together; that they would be held respnsible that no succor was given to any hostile Indian. They promised to deliver any Indian up who should give them any aid or information. Being unable to learn which direhad taken, I sent out my Indian scouts to ascertain if possible their whereabouts, and on the afternoon of the 26th moved up the river six miles. The Indians returning without being able to get any information, on the 27th I returned to our camp at Martin's ranch, leaving twenty men under Sergeant Bellon, of ComapnY G, to follow the following day. Thought not successful in capturing any hostile Indians, I trust the expedition has not been in vain. The exhibition of a much larger force than ever seen before must have its effect upon these Indians. The good resulting from it is already apparent in the actions of the Klamath Indians. During the four days we were absent the rain fell almost incessantly, the weather very cold, and the men suffered much from exposure, as we avoided making fires as much as possible, I regret to state that I was obliged to shoto one of my mules. It fell accidentally over a precipice, braking its thigh, rendering it unalb eot move. On the 28th Sergeant Bellon with the train returned to camp. On the 30th I returned withboth companies to this camp. The estimated distance marched during the month by the scouts from the two companies will, it is believed, approximate close to the actual number of miles. Company E, Captain Greene, 483 miles; Company G, Captain Cook, 395 miles.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. F. WRIGHT,

Major Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Battalion.

Lieutenant J. ULIO,

Sixth Infantry California Volunteers,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Humboldt.

