HEADQUARTERS,Camp Iaqua, Cal., May 15, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with Orders, Numbers 2, current series, from headquarters of the District of Humboldt, I have the honor to report the operations of the troops of this command during the preceding part of this month:

May 1 Lieutenant Geer, of the Mountaineers, was absent on a scout with a detachment of his own company, and Lieutenant Taylor, Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, with ten men of Company E, of the Sixth Infantry, in the vicinity of Kneeland's Prairie. Having struck a trail of hostile Indians, he on the morning of the 1st directed Privates Mills and Berry, of Company E, to proceed tothe trail with the mules and baggage of his command, and there await the arrival of the supply train coming from Humboldt, join them, and come in to this post. Instead of doing so they kept on, without waiting, in advance of the train. On arriving at Booth's Run, about six miles from here, they were about a mile in advanc eof the train when they were fired upon by some Indians, five in number, concealed in the rocks. Mills was mortally wounded and overtaken by the Indians, who cut his throat. Bery was shot through the hand, but succeeded in escaping with the loss of his gun and ammunitin. The mules were then stripped and the blankets, overcoats, and cooking utensils taken away. This unfortunate affair was the result of the disobedience of orders on the part of the victims, and can be attributed to no one else. Lieutenant Geer continuing on the trail came up with the Indians at sundown. While planning his mode of atack the Indaisn engaged in the attack of the morning came in and joned them with all the plunder. The lieutenant then resolved to wait until daylight, in hopes more might arrive during thenight. At daylgiht on the 2nd he had completely surrounded them, when he made the attack successfully, as shown by his official report heretofone more body has since been discovered, making the killed seven instead of six. The killing of the swuaws was unavoidable on accoutn of the thickness of the bushes and the early hour of the attack, the camp being quite dark still All who were recognized or gave themselves up were spared. Mosst of the property was recovered. On learning of the murder I immediately sent Lieutenant Hackett, Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, with twenty men to search for Berry. The body of Mills was brought into this post by the train. May 2 Captain Greene, Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, was ordered to scout to the southward of this post for five days. On the 3rd Lieutneant Hutton was sent in charge of the prisoners taken to Fort Humboldt. On arriving at Brown's ranch he found the missing man Berry, who had been shot three days previous, just arived. He was taken in to Fort Humboldt. On the 4th First Sergeant Bellon, of Company G, Sixth Infantry, with thirteen men was sent in search of Berry and to scout over in the direction of the fight. Sergeant Bellon discovered that the Indians had returned and buried their dead. On the 5th Lieutenant Taylor was sent to the head of Mad River, with instructions to protect a drove of cattle and some families who were desirous of crossing the moutnains. This was accomplished, and on returning the country was scouted. All of the above scouts had returned on the 9th. On the mornign of the 10th Captain Greene was, with fortymen and twelve days' supplies, directed to scout on Eel River to within ten miles of Camp Grant, thence to Larrabee Valley and the headwaters of Mad River, by Fort Baker home. Lieutenant Geer to scout with twenty-five men and ten days' supplies north of Mad River

