
along Boulder Creek to its head, thence toward the head of Mad River. On the 11th Sergeant Holt with ten men of Company G, Sixth Califoria Volunteer Infantry, and ten Mountaineers [was detailed] to escort a party of citizens and a drove of cattle up Mad River to the head of Pilot Creek; thence scout in a southeast direction toward the head of Mad River and join Lieutenant Hackett, who on the 12th started for Fort Baker with twelve men, with instructions to go thence east toward the spot designated for the meeting. On the 13th Sergt. F. Bellon, of Company G, Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, was sent in pursuit of some Indians reorted to be near Harris' house, five miles southeast from the post, with twelve men adn five days' rations. When heard from Sergeant Belon was on the trail. On the 15h Lieutenant Taylor left with twleve men to escort the train toward Humboldt. On arriving at Freshwater Slough he is to leave the train and scout the country, joining it at the same place on the 18th. After seeing the train over the dangerous part of the road to Iaqua, Lieutenant Taylor will scotu toward Mad River until the 23rd instant.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. F. WRIGHT,

Major Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth California Volunteer Infantry,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Humboldt.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Iaqua, Cal., May 31, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following operations of this command during the preceding fifteen days against the hostile Indians:

Five scouting parties were out at the date of my last report. The reports of each I have the honor to inclose herewith. On the evening of the 20th, further information having been received concerning the Indians referred to in the report of Lieutenant Hackett by a scouting party under Sergeant Harris, Company E, Mountaineers, I at once determined to capture them if possible. Nearly the entire command had just returned. Having been in the field about thirty days without trest, many of the men were euanble to go until they had recovered from their fatigue. A call for volutneers was responded to by more than the number of men required, and Lieutenants Geer, Hackett, and Hutton. The services of Stephen Fleming as a guide, two or three citizens, eight friendly Indians, with the party under Sergeant Harris, in all amounting to fifty men, left this camp at retreat on the 20th. The report of the action on the 22nd [23d], which was the result, I have had the honor to transmit heretofore to the colonel commanding. * The officers and men of the entire command have been active and untiring during the past month, their labors severe, and the exposure has been necessarily great. On the 26th Sergeant Holt, Company G, Sixth California Infantry Volutneers, and nine men left for the purpose of scouting to the southwest of this post. It is believed that few if any Indians are now roaming between Eel and Mad Rivers west of Baker. It is thought that all the armed bands still out can be induced to come in as prisoners of war if steps are now taken with a view to that object. In the meantime another severe chastisement will be perhaps beneficial. The white man seen during the last engagement is thought to be Heath, who recently escaped from Gaston; while at the same time the horse

---------------

*See Geer's report, May 25, p. 292.

---------------

