
captured is supposed to have belonged to a man by the name of Ross, who has been missing since the 20th instant from his home. In obedience to verbal instructions a detachment of ten men was sent to relieve the party of the Second Infantry at Brown's ranch on the 28th instant. Also on the 30th a detachment of ten men to protect Reed's ranch, ten miles south of this camp. This point is much exposed and has been threatened repeatedly of late. I have to-day directed Lieutenant Taylor, of the Sixth, to establish a temporary camp at a suitable point near the crossing of Mad River by the upper trail, with twenty-five men for the protection of that route, now very much traveled, and perhaps the most dangeroud one in the contry. Shoudl this meet the aprpvoal of the district commadner I will keep a party at the point selected.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. F. WRIGHT,

Major Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth Infantry California Volunteers,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of Humboldt, Cal.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Iaqua, Cal., June 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of this command during the previous fifteen days:

June 1, Lieutenant Taylor, Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, was sent with twenty-five men of Company E, with instructions to select a suitable place near the Upper Crossing of Mad River and there erect a small block-house. This point has been much frequenbted by Indians, and they have given much trouble to people traveling that route over the moutains. Large droves of stock pass over this trail during this season of the year, and it is necessary to have aforce sufficient for escorts and protection. On the same day, in accordance with instructions from the commander of the district, ten men and two corporals were sent to Light-House Point, near Fort Humboldt, to guard Indian prisoners there. June 2, four men were dctached to guard Harris' ranch, four miles southeast of this post, for the protection of forage belonging to the quartermaster of this psot. On the 6th Lieutenant Geer, of the Battalion of Mountaineers, with a detachment of twelve men was sent to mee t aprty of Indians (Redwoods) who were said to be anxious to deliver themselves up. The object was effected as far as shown by his report, and the detachment returned on the 14th instant to this post. I have the honor to inclose the reports of Lieutenants Geer and Taylor.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. F. WRIGHT,

Major Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Iaqua, Cal., June 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of this command during the preceding fifteen days:

On the 19th Lieutenant Taylor, Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, was sent with instructions to take command of the detachment of Company E, Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, stationed since the 1st

