
instant at Soldier's Grove, consisting of twenty-five men, and to scout the country in that vicinity and on Grouse Creek and Mad River, for the purpose of discovering if any Indians still remain in that part of the district. The inclosed report* will show that after thoroughly searching the country referred to no traces of Indians can be found. No signs of Indians have been discovered on the souths ide of Mad River since the 1st of May. On the 25th Lieutenant Geer, of Battalion of Mountaineers, was sent out with a view to improving and shortening the trail from this post to the town of eureka. Lieutenant Geer returned on the 29th, having succeede in locating the rail, shortening it at least four miles. The new trail, leaving the old at Lawrence Creek, continues on a ridge running nearly straight, and joins the old one again at the foot of the hill four miles west of Brown's ranch. Very little work will render it practicable for trains. As soon as possible this work will be performed. Lieutenant Taylor and his command returned to this post on the 29th instant.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. F. WRIGHT,

Major Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

First Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth California Volunteer Infantry,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4.

Reports of Captain William E. Hull, Second California Infantry.

CAMP Numbers 25,

Red Mountain, March 31, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 17th instant at the Red Mountain, seven or eight miles southwest of the Blue Rock Station, the scouting party of the company under my command routed a band of hostile Indians and pursued them to Eel River. On the evening of the 19th came up with them and killed 2 Indian men and captured 2 squaws. On the 22nd followed the same band into Bald Spring Canon, where 2 more men were killed. Continued the pursuit of the band under cover of night until the morning of the 27th instant, when First Sergeant Maguire, with one corporal and three privates, came upon a large encampment, with they attacked, killing 5 Indian men and capturing 3 women and 3 young children. On the 28th instant with the main body of my detachment encounteerd a large party of Eel River and succeeded in killing 16 men and capturing 2 women, making in all this month 25 Indian men kileld and 7 women and 3 children captured; the latter have been sent to Camp Grant under guard to be forwarded to district headquarters. In this section of country there are large number so fwild Indians Known by the name of Wileackee, and where my detachment could do good service. If the district commander should deemit advisable to order me to that section, the communication from him in this instance might be forwarded via Camp Grant, from whence I could receive it earlier than by the usual mail route. In the section of country allotted me for scouting, i. e., from the Mendocino Reservation to Shelter Cove, the Indians have almost entirely dispersed, having returned to the reservation or left for other parts to

---------------

*See Taylor's report, June 30, p. 278.

---------------

17 R R--VOL L, PT I

