
evade my command. I beg to state Mattole Valley and Bear River alluded to in District Orders, Numbers 118, are beyond the capability of my means of transportation, in consequence of the want of pack animals. The roughness of the route makes it difficult to find animals to hire in this vicinity equal to the task. With reference to the communication dated Fort Gaston, March 6, 1864, and transmitted through district headquarters, relative to operating against domesticated Indians, I beg in reply to state that I have not interfered with any of that class, or with any who are living with or under the protection of white settlers. In conclusion, I feel pleasure in stating that the scouting party under rmy command did their duty in a soldier-like, cheerful, and satisfactory manner, during several days and nights (the weather being both wet and stormy) while in pursuit of the Indians.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM E. HULL,

Captain, Second Infantry California Vols., Commanding Company D.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Humboldt Military District, Fort Humboldt, Cal.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT,Fort Humboldt, Cal., April 24, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for information of department commander. Great credit is due Captain Hull and his command for activity and energy displayed.

H. M. BLACK,

Colonel Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

CAMP Numbers 25,

Coast Range Mountains, Mendocino County, Cal., April 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the movements of a scouting detachment of Company D, Second Infantry California Volunteers, under my command, commencing on the 1st and ending on the 15th instant, viz:

April 1, Sergeant Maguire and six privates proceeded with seven wom and three children (Indian captives) to Camp Grant, and returned here on the 8th instant, having traveled a distance of 104 miles. Sergeant Maguire states that one woman and child succeeded in making their escape on the way to their destination, notwithstanding the strictest vigilance as kept by the party; that during the time they were out they expreienced very stormy weather and much snow had fallen. Me twith no fresh Indian signs. April 3, Sergeant Winn, one corporal, and three privates proceeded on scout to Bell Canon, Island Mountain, and returned on the 4th instant. Traveled a distance of twenty-five miles; also on the 3rd instant Sergeant Wheelr and four privates proceeded on scout to Blue Rock Canon and returned on the 4th instant, both parties driven in by severity of snow-storm. Saw no fresh Indian signs on either route. April 5, 6, 7, and 8, much snow lying on the hill, consequent difficulty in traveling. April 9, I proceeded this day with one sergeant, one corporal, and six privates, one packer and two mules in a westerly direction toard the coast and scouted carefuly along the South Fork of Eel River, its tributaries, and through the different little valleys where Indians were likely to be found, taking

