
care to travel under cover of night. Returned to camp on the 12th instant without finding any Indians or fresh signs. Traveled during this scout a distance of about sixty miles. April 13, I proceeded this day with one sergeant and six privates to Middle Fork of Eel River, which is much swollen and cannot at present be forded. Gradual melting snow on the mountains at the head of this stream will keep it up for some time. Scouted in this neighborhood a distance of forty-five miles, and returned to camp this day without seeing any Indians or fresh signs. The whole of these scouts were supposed to be within the limits of Mendocino County. My first object now ill be to build a canoe capable of carrying provisions and ferrying my men across the Middle Fork of Eel River, and following up the remainder of the band of Indians referred to in my last report, who have no doubt escaped across the river, taking with them their wounded, of which there were several. I beg to add that I must give but an estimated distance of miles traveled in each scout, but the figures are placed under rather than over.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM E. HULL,

Captain, Second Infantry California Vols., Commanding Company D.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Humboldt Military District, Camp near Fort Gaston, Cal.

AT CAMP Numbers 25,

Coast Range, Mendocino County, Cal., April 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the proceedings of the detachment of my company while on scout, from the 16th to the 30th instant, viz:

April 16, occupied in making preparations for crossing Eel River in a northeasterly direction. April 17, I proceeded with two sergeants, one corporal, one guide, and eleven privates to the mouth of White Rock Canon that falls into Eel River, a distance of about twenty miles; found the river at that point impassable. April 18, sent out two parties, one up and the other down the river, in search of a ford, but without success, each party traveling about ten or twelve miles. April 19, proceeded up the river with the whole detachment about fifteen miles, and with great difficulty succeeded about 2 a. m. in crossing. The men being very wet, I encamped for the night; found fresh Indian signs. April 20, having arrived in the neighborhood of Indians, kept my men and animals concealed in the bushes until dark, then traveled a distance of about twelve miles, keeping a good lookout for Indian camp-fires, but discovered none; by the moonlight I could plainly see the traces of Indians through the high grass. April 21, encamped at daylight and at night fall resumed the scout; traveled all night over a very rough country called the Rola Bola Mountains; plenty of Indian signs; traveled a distance of twenty miles. April 22, remained in camp until night, then resumed the scout, and after traveling until near daylight discovered Indian camp-fires situated on a high bluff of rock that seemed impossible to approach, and was so to strangers at night-time; hence I was compelled to defer the attack until daylight, but those wary savages discovered us and fled; they had a start of about two miles. I followed them as fast as possible, the ascent being extremely difficult, and pursued them that day until myself and men

