
head of McNemany River. Without doubt they were Pah-Ute Indians- the more so as I had learned by Indians before I started that the Upper Pitt River Valley Indians had given to the Pah-Utes ten squaws and a reasoable share of cattle to allow them to go to their country, and if necessary to protec them. Here the cattle having been driven in every direction forward and backward, it ook us several hours to find the right direction. Taking northeast again to the head of South Fork of Pitt River, about 3 p. m. we saw about fifteen Indians crossing said creek two miles distant. We pursued them in two parties. Seeing us in pursuit, they fired signal shots, their camp being then about one mile farther of. The nature of the country did not allow us to pursue them in a direct course, and we had to travel at leas six miles before we came to their now deserted camp. Here we found a large quantity of beef hung up on the trees to dry; also a large quantity of Indian clothing, &amp;c. Judging by the size of the camp, there must have been over 300 persons. The other part of the command to burn the rancheria, &c. The other part of the command I divided into two parties and pursued the Indians, but we all returned after sunset without success, and encamped on the head of the South Fork of Pitt River, ten miles farther up from the camp of yesterday. Traveled over sixty miles to-day.

August 19, we followed the Indian trail in a northwest direction for about eight miles, when we came to a little lake (Kellogg's Lake) about half a mile square. Here the scattered tracks took toward the Basaltic desert, but finding still cattle tracks in a northwest direction we followed, and came after six miles' travel to a large valley watered by a creek coming from east and by another from north, both joining on the west side and forming large-size stream. This ought to be called the South Fork of Pitt River. It joins the so-called South Fork after leaving this valley, taking a west course for about six or eight miles through a rough and steep canon. Toward evening we came in sight of another rancheria on a high bluff. These Indians I understand were Goose lake Indians. These Indians, acquainted with country, knowing their almost perfect safety, awaited our approach within a mile, being separated by the creek and steep bluffs. I fired at them at a distance from 800 to 1,000 yards, and can say with certainty that several of the indians got wounded. Two indians answered the firing, and I must say directed their shots well. Several balls fell amongst us. We had to remove the horses. Half of the command I had sent through the brush and rocks to get on the opposite side and rear of the Indians, the only place to approach them; but the Indians found this movement out in time and ran off. Pursuit on horseback was impossible, and on foot we were left far behind. Pursuit on horseback was impossible, and on foot we were left far behind. The sun was setting and further pursuit impossible-the more so as the whole command for the last few days was day and ngiht engaged in the most fatiguing marches. We had to remove the horses. Half of the command I had sent through the brush and rocks tog et on the oppsite side and rear of the Indians, the only place to approach them; but the Indians found this movement out in time and ran off. Pursuit on horseback was impossible, and on foot we were lft far behind. The sun was setting and further pursuit impossible-the more so as the whole command for the last few days was day and niggt engaged in the most fatiguing marches. We encamped on this creek on the southeast side of a large valley. Marched about sixty miles. Having collected forty-two head of cattle, and seeing that it was impossible at present to get at the Indians, they being constantly on their guard, I started, August 20, homeward. Crossed the mountains between Pitt River and South Fork of Pitt River; thirty miles. August 21, marched down Pitt River and encamped on the north side of Big or Round Valley; twenty-five miles. August 22, arrived at this post; thirty-two miles. As far as I could learn, those two tribes of Indians that I came across were the Upper Pitt River Valley and Goose Lake Indians. The nature of the country where those Indians are at present requires several large parties to

