
were almost exhausted; must have traveled a distance of fifty miles, including the scout of the previous night; discovered by the trail the Indians had separated in two bands. April 23, divided my men in two parties; gave Sergeant Wheeler one and myself the other. I followed one trail, traveling alternately by day or night until my provisions began to give out. I arrived at this camp on the 28th; traveled a distance averaging twenty miles per day since the 23d. April 29, Sergeant Wheeler arrived at camp with 11 Indian women and 1 child, prisoners captured by him on the 28th; he reports 8 Indian men killed, besides quite a number wounded, that threw themselves into the river and thus escaped or were likely drowned; this occurred at a place called Big Bend, on Eel River; he also states that his party travlee dnot less than twenty miles each day. I have detained three of the captives (women) as guides of ra few days, believing that they will be of great use to me; the remainder I have forwarded to Camp Grant, to be escorted to Fort Humboldt, agreeably to district orders. I have had built on Eel River a large canoe, capable of carrying twenty men. I feel pleasure in stating that people are already driving large herds of stock into a portion of the country scouted over by me, heretofore prevented by Indians.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM E. HULL,

Captain, Second Infantry California Vols., Commanding Company D.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District,

Camp near Fort Gaston, Cal.
HDQRS. COMPANY D, SECOND INFTY. CALIFORNIA VOLS.,Camp Numbers 26, Eel River, Mouth of Bell Rock Canon, May 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 1st instant, transmitted via Camp Grant, and now beg leave to report the proceedings of the scout detachment of my company from the 1st to the 8th, as follows:

May 1 to 3, removing camp to this place. May 3, a band of forty Indians have this day of their own accord come into camp and surrendered themselves on condition of their lives being spared (having previously burnt their bows and arrows). There are twelve or fifteen bucks, the remainder of the number are squaws and children. I understand from this band that there are more coming in to surrender themselves. My means of transportation will not admit of my victualing a large number long. However, I have made arrangements to have provisions purchased from the nearest settlement to enable me to forward them to Humboldt for the disposal of the district commander. May 6, Sergeant Sweet and six privates from Camp Grant, where they had taken Indian captives, saw no fresh Indian signs.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM E. HULL,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Company D, Second Infantry California Volunteers.

First Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth Infantry California Volunteers,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Humboldt, Cal.

