HDQRS. COMPANY D, SECOND INFTY. CALIFORNIA VOLS.,Camp Numbers 26, Eel River, May 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to state that since the 8th instant (the date of my last report, in which I informed you that I had 40 Indians who had surrendered themselves) I have accepted the surrender of 69 more, making the total number of prisoners at this camp 109, and a probability of increase. I am only waiting for sufficient supply of provisions to start on the line of march to Humboldt with them. The pack train from Fort Bragg and a gang of Indians sent to Long Valley for beef will, I expect, arrive to-morrow. Captain Simpson arrived here last night with two privates and his Indian interpreter, by my request, to assist me in getting a full undestanding with those Indians. They appear satisfied with my arrangements at present, but I fear that in removing them from their country they may demur. I can muster a guard of but twelve or fourteen men, and in the even of their changing their mind and making a stampede during the night many will doubtless escape. I shall use all caution within my limited means to prevent such a disaster.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM E. HULL,

Captain, Second Infantry California Vols., Commanding Company D.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Humboldt Military District, Fort Humboldt, Cal.

N. B. --As a precautionary measure I deemed it necessary to keep the whole of my detachment about the camp, in consequence of the large number of prisoners therein.

W. E. H.

CAMP Numbers 26,

Eel River, Mouth of Bell Canon, Mendocino County, Cal.,

June 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the proceedings of Company D, Second Infantry California Volunteers, under my command between the 1st and 14th, are as follows:

Arrived at this camp from Fort Humboldt on the morning of the 3rd instant. On the 4th instant sent out a scouting party in charge of Lance Corporal Young, who returned on the 7th with fifteen Indians. He reports that while scouting these Indians came to him and surrendered; they (the Indians) say that they are the last of their tribe in this section of country, which I am led to believe is correct, as I have scouted the country entirely over without finding any Indian signs whatever, having started from camp on the 8th instant and returned on the 13th, traveling on average a distance of about twelve or fifteen miles a day. I sent two friendly Indians to the headwaters of the North Fork of Eel River with the view of finding the whereabouts of the tribe of Indians belonging to that portion of the country. They have not returned, and it is my opinion that they have been killed. As soon as I get supplies from Fort Bragg, and my camp moved from this point to that region, I shall commence active operations against them. However, as my intended camping ground is fully 100 miles from Fort Bragg, over an exceedingly mountainous country, it will be about the 1st of July before I can get the necessary supplies to that part. I have recently understood that there is a small band of roving

