
Indians at Usal Creek, on the coast. I shall proceed immediately in person to that vicinity and scout along the coast to Shelter Cove, thence back again across country to North Eel River, by which time my supplies wilt the head of North Fork of Eel River. In the meantime Sergeants Maguire and Winn will be scouting with the detachment in this section. This day I have forwarded to Camp Grant, under charge of Lance Corporal Young and five privates, fifteen Indian prisoners, who will be turned over to the commanding officer of that post for transfer by him to Fort Humboldt.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM E. HULL,

Captain, Second Infantry California Vols., Commanding Company D.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Humboldt Military District, Fort Humboldt, Cal.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 18, 1864.

Colonel H. M. BLACK,

Sixth Infantry California Vols., Commanding Dist. of Humboldt:

SIR: The general commanding is gratified to observe the activity and zeal displayed by Captain Hull, Second Infantry California Volunteers, and Sergeant Wheeler of Captain Hull's company, on a recent scout and engagement with the Indians on Eel River. They deserve and receive the highest praise for their conduct on the occasion referred to.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5.

Reports of Captain Thomas Buckley, Sixth California Infantry.

CAMP BIDWELL, CAL., April 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report operations of my command from the 15th to the 31st ultimo, inclusive. Notwithstanding the inclement weather, snowing or raining continually, the command has been actively engaged in scouting. Made scouts to Mad River the 21st, 23d, and 25th ultimo without success. Lieutenant Oaks, in command of a detachment of twenty-one men, with five days' rations, left camp on the morning of March 26 for the purpose of scouting in the vicinity of the Three Cabins, distant fourteen miles, also to Renalda Creek and Big Bend. After crossing Mad River and while ascending the mountain, Private Joseph Smith, of Company C, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, fell and almost instantly expired at 11 a. m. 26th ultimo; supposed cause of decase, apoplexy. He was buried on the banks of Mad River. The detachment proceeded to the Three Cabins and encamped. On the 27th made a scout three miles north of Big Bend in the direction of Redwood Creek, where they discovered fresh Indian signs on the ridge dividing Bug and Boulder Creeks. It is the opinion of Lieutenant Oaks that there are two Indian ranhes on each of the above-named creeks. The detachment returned to their camp at night, having been

