
out in a violent storm of rain and snow. On the 28th scouted seven miles up the south side of Boulder Creek through a pelting storm of rain. They saw fresh signs, but no Indians.

On the 29th the detachment scouted all day in a storm with like results. On the 31st ultimo detachment returned to Camp Bidwell by the way of Kneeland's Prairie, fording the river with great difficulty six miles above the lower ford, the latter being impassable. Lieutenant Oaks reports seeing smoek ascending from the timber to the left of the trail and half a mile from the prairie. On the detachment halting the fire was immediately extinguished. Four men were detailed as spies to watch. They returned to camp that night without discovering the enemy. The detachment was complled to reutnr, being out of rations and quite exhaustedc fromt the effects of the severe storms. ON the 28th March I left camp with ten men, intending to join Lieutenant Oaks' command, but was compelled to return, as the river coudl not be forded. Lieutenant Oaks reports the country as very favorable for scouting. The cresk are densely covered with ehavy timber. On the summit of the mounaisn are numerous plateaus covered with good grass and with springs of good water. Boulder Creek runs parallel with Mad River, the latter forming Big Bend. Three Cabins is six miles southwest of Big bend. Th eranbe of country described is covered with fat cattle, hundreds of which were seen by the detachment, and affording an inexhaustible supply of food to the enemy. Distance marched going and returning, forty miles. The health of my command has been generally good. Itis my intention to make another scout immediately, and I hope a more successful one.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS BUCKLEY,

Captain, Sixth Infantry California Vols., Commanding Camp.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth Infantry California Volunteers,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Gaston, Cal.

CAMP AT BOYNTON'S PRAIRIE, CAL., May 3, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that Lieutenant Oaks, in command of a detachment of twenty-three men of Company C, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, left this camp on the morning of April 25, 1864, on an Indian scout to Boulder Creek. After a dilligent search, finding no enemy in that vicinity, the detachment returned to this camp on the evening of the 28th of April. As the Indians had been reported as killing cattle on Kneeland's Prairie, on the evening of April 30, 1864, I sent a detachment, consisting of Sergeant Wing and six privates, who were to proceed to the prairie and remain concealed, to observe if the enemy reutrned to the prairie, and their numbers; also to follow their tail tot heir campaign place, adn to send back for a larger force to surroundt hem, unlss their numbers should be sufficient to attackthem successfully. The detachment returned this day, and the sergeant reports that he discovered a small party, consisting of five or six bucks and squaws, but could not succeed in getting close enough to capture them, the nature of the country allowing them to easily secrete themselves, and it would be impossible to get a shot at them unless close upon them. I would also report that Lieutenant Oaks, in command of a detachment of twenty men, left camp this p. m. for a scout in that

