
section. I would also report the health of my command as good, with a few exceptions of colds.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. BUCKLEY,

Captain, Sixth Infantry California Vols., Commanding Camp.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjt. Sixth Infantry California Vols., Fort Humboldt, Cal.

CAMP AT BOYNTON'S PRAIRIE, CAL., May 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that Lieutenant Oaks, with a detachment of twenty-two men, left this camp on the 3rd instant for the purpose of scouting on and in the vicinity of Kneeland's Prairie. The detachment discovered fresh Indian sign at the Redwoods, head of Elk Creek, and other localities in the neighborhood of the prairie. The sign or trail was only made by one badn of Indians, who succeeded in dodging and eluding the pursuit, although closely followed by Lieutenant Oaks and party. The detachment found two Indian ranches composed of huts, one of which they destroeyd and the othe they reserved for future operations. The detachment returned to this camp on the morning of the 8th instant; distance marched, twenty miles (distance marched ruing the whole scout, as reported by Lieutenant Oaks, 100 miles). I regret that I have to report the death of Corpl. J. D. Barnes, late a member of Company B, First battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, and but recently attached to my company, who was shot on the 6th instant while on the trail between here and Kneeland's Prairie, by a party of Indians concealed near the trail. He was returning to camp with two pack-mules, one of which he was riding, and when between one and two miles from the prairie he was shot at and hit by two balls, one penetrating his soulder, which caused him to drop his gun, and the other shot, which struck him in the lower part of the back, passing through his body. He succeeded in returning to camp, but died about three hours after. he reported seeing a white man with the party that shot him. Lieutenants Oaks and Rowe, with a detachment of thirty-three men, a re at resent scouting int he same locality. The health of the command is good. I would respectfully request permissino to remove five men from Tillow's Mill to this camp, if aggreeable to the commanding officer of the district.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS BUCKLEY,

Captain, Sixth Infantry California Vols., Commanding Camp.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth Infantry California Volunteers,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Humboldt, Cal.

CAMP AT BOYNTON'S PRAIRIE, July 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report operations of my command from the 16th of June to July 1, 1864. I have not been actively engaged in scouting the last fifteen days, owing to the intelligence I received from reliable sources that all the hostile Indians were coming in and giving themselves up. I was infromed that there were two bucks and three squaws still out in the vicinity of Boulder Creek, concealed in a cave. I sent out a detachment on the 24th June, with a guide thoroughly acquainted with that portion of the country, to make a thorough

