
search for any hostile Indians lurking in that vicinity. The detachment returned to camp on the evening of the 28th June, and report finding the cave on Boulder Creek. It had been evacuated, with no appearance of having been recently occupied. With the above exception the detachment was unable to discover any Indian signs. I have to report the loss by desertion of four men from my command on the night of the 15th June. The next day I dispatched Lieutenant Oaks with a detachment of five men in pursuit. After following them four days the detachment lost their trail and was compelled to return to camp, arriving here on the 22nd ultimo. I would also report that the health of my command is generally good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. BUCKLEY,

Captain, Sixth Infantry California Vols., Commanding Camp.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth Infantry California Volunteers,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Humboldt, Cal.

Numbers 6.

Reports of Captain Duane M. Greene, Sixth California Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FORT GASTON, CAL., April 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report to the colonel commanding the district the following scouts and movements made from the 8th day of March, 1864, to the 1st day of April, 1864, by a detachment of Company E, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, under my command:

Tuesday, March 8, 1864, left camp near Fort Gaston, Cal., at 12. 30 p. m. with detachment of forty men of Company E, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, one packer, one Indian guide, two mules with supplies for detachment, and one mule with supplies for Lieutenant Middleton's command, which was supposed to be in the vicinity of the junction of the Trinity and Klamath Rivers. I proceeded about six turned over to him the mule with provisions for his command and proceeded to Weitchpec, at the junction of the above-named rivers, where I arrived about 5 p. m., crossed the Klamath River, and camped in front of a vacant house. Found several friendly Indians living near this place. Distance traveled, twelve miles. With the exception of two places where there have been land-sides, the trail is good. Wednesday, March 9, sent messenger to Fort Gaston, reporting my arrival here. Sent out there scouting parties of ten men each under non-commissioned officers, with Indian guides, one up the Klamath, one down the Klamath, and the other to the valley behind the range of mountains skirting the Klamath on the north, to discover the hostile Indians if possible, or signs, and information that would lead to their discovery. The parties returned to camp at 6, 7, and 7. 30 p. m., respectively. The one that went up the river found the country in some places near the river flat and sandy, but generally hilly and rough. They went to a point six miles from camp, but saw no signs of Indians. They party that went down the river marched six miles from camp, three miles of which was through tolerably smooth country, the remainder broken and rugged. Found a great many friendly Indians living in ranches. Saw a white man who informed them that a notorious Indian named Wanich

