
could be found in the vicinity of Bluff Creek, about eight miles above my camp. The party that crossed the mountain traveled seven miles to a valley, but saw no Indians nor signs of them. Aggregate distance traveled by the three parties, thirty-eight miles.

Thursday, March 10, at a very early hour I took sixteen men and went to Bluff Creek, eight miles from my camp, in search of Wanich. He had been notified of my coming and made his escape to the mountains. I returned to camp at 1 p. m. Lieutenant Taylor, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, with an escort of ten men arrived in camp at 2 p. m., with ten days' rations for the detachment. Friday, March 11, sent Sergeant McCullough with ten men to look for a more suitable place to camp. He returned at 11 a. m., having found a deserted log cabin and a barn at a distanceof two miles from the junction and one mile above Martin's Ferry. Wood and water convenient. Moved camp in afternoon. Lieutenant Taylor and escort returned to Fort Gaston. I sent the two mules and packer I had back with him. Saturday, March 12, having received information that Seranaltin John's band was at Young's ranch, about twenty miles down the Klamath, I took twenty men and twelve Indians in three canoes (the Indians as guides and to work the canoes) and four days' rations and started in pursuit. Arrived at Young's ranch about 3. 30 p. m., and learned that the Indians were about three miles below that place. Remained at Young's until night set in, then took the canoes and moved noiselessly down the river, but their system of telegraphing is so perfect that my coming had been long known to them, and they had scattered and fled, some to the mountains and some down the river. The Indians with me said there was but one place for those who had gone down the river to stop at, and that was a rendezvous at the mouth of the river. I continued on and arrived at a point half a mile above the mouth of the river at 3 a. m. Sunday, where I landed the men. I proceeded cautiously over the most indescribable rocks and cliffs a quarter of a mile and discovered a large canoe partly drawn out on the rocks. I then ascended a high bluff, on the summit of which I found an Indian rancheria, which I immediately surrouthe two notoriosu Indians, Jack and Stone, and two squads and two children. Having no rope or anything else suitable to hang the bucks with, I was obliged to bring them away with me. I could not take the squaws and children, as I had but four days' rations for my men and I desired to hasten to the river to intercept any others of the band that might be coming down to this rendezvous. The children could not have got down the cliff to the river, and night being so intensely dark. It is impossible to imagine a rougher or more rugged country than that through which I passed. Animals cannot be taken over it. There is no trail no either side of the river from a point one mile below Young's ranch to the mouth, a distance of thirty-four miles. There are bowlder-bars in some places near the river one and a half and two miles long, where there is so earth, not even a grain of sand visible, the strong currents of freshets having swept it away, leaving nothing but the clean washed stones to walk upon. The river is wild and rapid as a cataract all the way to its mouth, rendering it extremely difficult to bring an empty canoe up. In traveling thirty-four miles I was obliged to cross the river thirty-eight times. I remained no one side as long as it was possible to get through the dense woods or until I came to an impassable cliff, then crossed to the other side, thus alternating until within one mile of Young's, where the country is more open. I continued marching until 6 p. m. Sunday, when I halted to rest the men and give them an opportunity to make

