
coffee, having marched twenty miles. Resumed the march at 8 p. m. and arrived at Young's ranch at 4 a. m. Monday, having marched fifteen miles during the night. (This march was much impeded by the men falling into chasms and guiches hidden by the tops of fallen trees and underbrush.) Left Young's at 6 a. m. Monday and arrived in camp near Martin's Ferry at 8 p. m., having marched twenty miles. Confined the prisoners in a log cabin under a guard of six men. Found no other trace of Indians. Distance traveled in three days and two nights, 110 miles.

Wednesday, March 16, sent Sergeant McCullough and nine men with the prisoners Jack and stoen to Fort Gaston. Thursday, March 17, at 4 p. m., Sergeant McCullough and party returned from Fort Gaston, reported having turned over the prisoners safely, and that they were hanged the same evening, after attempting to escape from the guard. Friday, March 18, sent out a party of fifteen men on a scout north of the camp. They traveled about twelve miles and returned to camp at 6 p. m., having seen no signs of Indians. Country mountainous and nearly all covered with forest. Saw very little prairie land. Water abundant. Saturday, March 19, Lieutenant Taylor, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, with twenty-eight men and ten days' rations for the command, arrived from Fort Gaston. Reported two men, Privates Oultzhover and Perkins, of my company, missing. Sent out scouting party of thirteen men. They traveled northeasterly from camp five miles, thence northerly, thence westerly to the river (Klamath), which they reached about three miles below Martin's Ferry,. Saw no Indians. Country rough and mountainous. Arrived in camp at 6 p. m., having traveled about fourteen miles. Sunday, March 20, Lieutenant Taylor, with an escort of ten men, started for Fort Gaston, having the pack-mules in charge. Sent out Sergeant Heines with fifteen men across the river on a scout toward French Camp to examine the trails and search for the two men who were missing from Lieutenant Taylor's command on

the previous day. Party returned at 5 p. m. Saw no signs of Indians or the missing men. Traveled fifteen miles, four of which were from the foot of a mounmtain to its summit. Saw considerable prairie land, where feed was abundant. Tuesday, March 22, Major Wright arrived in camp at 6 p. m., bringing with him Captain Cook and Lieutenant Hutton, with a detachment of Company G, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, and Lieutenant Taylor, with the remainder of Company E, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, except four men left at Fort Gaston. Thursday, March 24, Lieutenant Taylor left camp with a scouting party of twenty men. By direction of Major Wright I sent four men to Fort Gaston as an escort to U. S. mail. I took thirty-six men of my command and proceeded with Major Wright down the north side of the Klamath River to a place called Notchico, where we arrived at 6 p. m. and camped; distance, fifteen miles. At 7. 30 p. m. I started with my detachment for Young's ranch, Major Wright, with a detachment of Company G, remaining in camp. Raining heavily and night very dark. Arrived at Young's about 11. 30 p. m. ; distance, six miles. Friday, March 25, finding no hostile Indians in the vicinity, I camped about 600 yards below Young's house at 11 a. m. Major Wright, with detachment of Company G, arrived in camp about 4 p. m. Lieutenant Taylor and detachment arrived about 6 p. m. Saturday, March 26, at 12. 30 p. m., the entire command left camp at Young's on their return. Marched about six miles and camped. Sunday, March 27, left camp about 8 a. m. and arrived in camp near Martin's Ferry at 5 p. m. ; distance, fifteen miles. Wednesday, March 30, left camp near Martin's

