
punish them. The most of the cattle are killed, finding almost on every tree on top of the mountains beef hung up to dry. The forty-two head of cattle collected I turned over to one of the cattle owners.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN FEILNER,

Second Lieutenant, First Dragoons, U. S. Army.

Lieutenant J. H. KELLOGG,

First Dragoons, Commanding Fort Crook, Cal.

SEPTEMBER 25-OCTOBER 5, 1861. -Expedition from san Bernardino to the Temecula Ranch and Oak Grove, Cal.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Major W. Scott Ketchum, Fourth U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 2. -Lieutenant Thomas E. Turner, Fourth U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Major W. Scott Ketchum, Fourth U. S. Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp near San Bernanrdino, Cal., October 7, 1861.

SIR: The attention of the general commanding the department is respectfully called to such portions of the inclosed report as embrace the names of Morgan, Grooms, Greenwade, and Cline, secessionists, Cable, a Union man; also that portion relating to jack hays. Morgan, at Temecula, Knight of the Golden Circle, and secessionists, states that eight men were detailed from an organization of 300 men to seize the arms sent to Los Angeles for the Union men, or home guards, but some of the men backed out, consequently the arms were not siezed. Had the arms been seized my camp was to have been attacked. Ferguson, said to be a lieutenant in Kelly's band, gave Morgan this information. This confirms the report made to me by the Union men prior to the election. I understand that a law has been passed to prevent conspiracies and to punish conspirators, but I have received nothing of the kind, or, in fact, anything official from the War Department since General Orders, Numbers 43, of this year, or any general order from Army Headquarters since General Orders, Numbers 11, 1861. I judge from the map inclosed that Cable's, or its vicinity, would be a good station for troops tolook after and capture secessionists, if accompanied by a U. S. marshal and some authority for the capture. There should be a large command of foot and horsemen somehwere between the desert and this place with full powers to act. Supplies could be furnished from New San Diego, which should have a sufficient force to escort the trains, containing supplies, defend the depot, and operate toward Lower California. I have been told that there is a wagon road from Temecula, via San Luis Rey, to San Diego; distance about sixty-five or seventy miles. There is another wagon road from san Diego to Warner's ranch, distance about the same as above, but as it crosses the San Pasqual Mountain, it is difficult to travel in wet weather. The San Pasqual Mountain is very high, and the road on the west side very narrow, very steep, and much washed or full of gullies. From what I

