
. I got to the place by climbing from one rock to another. I spent all the 24th scouting in the vicinity, but found no signs showing the direction the Indians had taken. In examinign the place where the cattle were driven over we discovered two that had not reached the bottom, and by getting thenm on a small bench of the hill they got out. After a thorough examination of the country in the vicinity I went to Fort Baker and camped, and on the 25th returned to Camp Iaqua, having treveled forty-six miles. The trail from Camp Iaqua to Fort Baker is very good, passing through fine open country, but beyond that point mountainous and rough. Total distance traveled during the, above scouts, seventy miles.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. M. GREENE,

Captain, Sixth Infantry California Vols., Commanding Company E.

First Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth Infantry California Vols., Fort Humboldt, Cal.

CAMP IAQUA, CAL., May 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to the colonel commanding the district the following report of a scout made since the 1st instant:

May 2, information having been received that the Indians were in the vicinity of Reed's farm, by direction of the major commanding the battalion Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, I took twenty-five men of my company, one packer, one guide, and seven mules, with five days' rations, and proceeded to that place, where I arrived at 7 p. m. and camped; distance, ten miles. May 3, sent Sergeant Heines with ten men and a guide on a scout Grizzly Creek, and Corporal Mitchell with nine men down the South Yager. Corporal Mitchell returned about 4 o'clock, having found no signs of Indians; traveled ten miles. Sergeant Heines returned about 5 o'clock. Saw no signs of Indians; traveled twelve miles. May 4, sent Sergeant Heines with thirteen men and a guide to scout down the Middle Yager. Returned about 5 o'clock; traveled fourteen miles and saw no signs of Indians. May 5, sent a scouting party six miles into the Redwoods in the direction of Hydesville to return by the way of the Little Prairies. Reported having seen no signs of Indians; traveled eleven miles. May 6, sent a party in the direction of the junction of the three Yagers. Reported having seen Indian signs about two days old leading toward Lawrence Creek. Followed it as far as the supply of provisions would permit, and learning that Lieutenant Geer's party had gone in this direction the day previous, the scout returned, having traveled twelve miles. May 7, left camp at Reed's farm at 9 a. m. and arrived at Camp Iaqua at 12 m. Aggregate distance traveled on the above scouts, seventy-nine miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. M. GREENE,

Captain, Sixth California Volunteer Infantry.

First Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth California Vol. Infantry, Fort Humboldt, Cal.

CAMP IAQUA, CAL., June 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to the colonel commanding the district the following report of a scout made by a detachment of Company

