
18, sent a party in the direction of the South Yager Creek. Traveled eight miles and saw no signs of Indians. May 19, the scout that went to the junction of the three Yagers returned about 3 p. m., having found twelve deserted Indian lodges near the junction. They appeared to have been unoccupied for several months. Traveled eighteen miles. May 20, many of the men being nearly barefooted and some of them sick, I returned to Camp Iaqua, where I arrived at noon; ten miles. Total distance traveled during the above scout, 189 miles. From the 11th to the 18th the weather was very stormy and unfavorable for scouting. The entire country from Eel River to the source of Larrabee Creek is one mass of mountains. On the Bald Mountains between Larrabee Creek and the Van Dusen River there is an abundance of good forage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. M. GREENE,

Captain, Sixth Infantry California Volunnant JAMES ULIO,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. Sixth Infty. California Vols., Fort Humboldt.

Numbers 7.

Report of Captain Eli Cook, Sixth California Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FORT GASTON, CAL., March 14, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Orders, Numbers 2, from the commanding officer of Humboldt District, I herewith transmit you a report of my scouting party:

On the 12th instant left camp at 7 a. m. with a detachment of fifteen men of my company. Crossed the Trinity River about half a mile above the camp, and then took a trail over the mountains until we reached the summit. I then left the trail and marched a circuit round through some timbered country about ten miles distance from the camp, until I reached a deep canon, which I followed down about a mile. I then marched over a long and high mountain. I then followed on the ridge until I reached a trail which took me out near the one that I started on in the morning. I then returned to the camp, which I reached at 8 p. m., making an estimated distance of twenty miles through a heavy timbered country with much underbrush and very little water. Discovered no marks or signs of any Indians made recently.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI COOK,

Captain, Sixth Infantry California Vols., Commanding Company G.

Major THOMAS F. WRIGHT,

Commanding Battalion Sixth Infantry California Volunteers.

Numbers 8.

Reports of Lieutenant Jacob P. Hackett, Sixth California Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FORT GASTON, CAL., March 19, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that according to instructions from the commanding officer I left Fort Gaston at 8. 30 a. m. of the 9th instant with thirty-five men of Company G, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, with ten days' rations, to proceed on a scout under the

