
direction of Lieutenant Geer, of the First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers. Marched eighteen miles and encamped on the flat near Camp Anderson. On the morning of the 10th crossed Redwood at 8 a. m. At 2 p. m. we came out on to the Bald Mountain, where Lieutenant Geer thought we had better halt until sunset, as we had to travel a high ridge of open prairie, as it was his intention to take us into his camp without being perceived by the Indians, as he thought they were watching his movements. We reached his camp at about 10 p. m., having marched (according to the estimate of those conversant with the route traveled) twenty-two miles since morning, being about fifteen miles from Iaqua and ten miles west of Boynton's Prairie. March 11, remained in camp and prepared two days' cooked rations, whilst the scouts were out reconnoitering. March 12, started about 5 a. m. so as to get on the ridge before sunrise. Saw some signs and tracks, which the scouts reported to be one day old, and were Indians hunting deer. Marched twelve miles and halted in a ravine, with instructions from Lieutenant Geer to remain there until he returned. He then took one of his Indians, and his corporal the other, and proceeded in different directions across the mountains. Both parties returned to camp at night and reorted that all the signs seemed to indicate that the Indians were between us and the Trinity. Sunday, March 13, crossed over to what is known as Hempfield's lower ranch, and camped for the night, having marched about twelve miles. March 14, left camp at sunrise. Lieutenant Geer with ten of his men and six from my command proceeded across the country to meet us at what is called Bloody Camp. I took the trains and the balance of the men, and following the trail reached camp at 4 o'clock, having marched twenty miles. March 15, Lieutenant Geer with twenty-five men from Company G, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, and twenty of his men left camp at 3 o'clock in the morning, crossing the country between the Redwood and the South Fork of the Trinity, with instructions for me to meet him at the South Fork of the Trinity with the trains and the remainder of the men. We reached camp about 5 p. m., having marched about twenty-five miles over the roughest trail we have yet encountered. Lieutenant Geer came in about an hour after, having marched from 3 in the morning until 5 in the afternoon, and across the country without any trails whatever, and he thinks he marched from thirty to thirty-five miles. He found where the Indians had been about four days before, and where they had buried their dead that they had lost with him in his last fight.

March 16, we remained in camp all day, and sent some of the best marksmen out to try and procure some meat, as our last rations of pork had been issued. At the same time the scouts were out reconnoitering, it being Lieutenant Geer's intention, provided we got meat, to cross the South Fork of the Trinity, where his Indians reported plenty of signs, and scout up as far as New River. The scouts returned about 3 o'clock, and reported having found five houses, which they thought had been vacated about twelve hours. They found some soldiers' clothing that was worn out, a dress, and some cooking implements. They burned the houses and contents and tracked the Indians down to the South Fork, and, as they thought, were going in the direction of Burnt Ranch. The hunters returned unsuccessful, and on the morning of the 17th we started down the river, sending some men ahead for the purpose of killing some beef. Lieutenant Geer left camp about 5 a. m. with three men and crossed over to Willow Creek and scouted

18 R R--VOL L, PT I

