
where Mills was shot. I found that he was first shot as he was going to step on the log that crosses the stream, and fell forward, striking the side of his head against the log. He raised himself up by holding on to the log and crossed over (as the marks of his hands with blood were on the log), and had got up the trail some sixty yards from where he was first shot before they overtook him and cut his throat. The Indians were in some rocks about twenty yards from him when he was first shot. About 12 m. of the 2nd the detachment retusent out, and with it Lieutenant Geer and party with some prisoners. He then informed me that there had been but two men sent with the mules the day before, and also gave me an account of his fight with the Indians in the morning (distant from us about six miles), and that it was no use to attempt to hunt them for some time, as they were scattered in all directions. The scout I sent out reported having seen the track of a shoe about Numbers 10, without nails (which corresponded with the missing man's), and that it was going back in the direction of Brown's. My instructions being to remain on the trail until the mail came along, I intended to send an escort through as far as Brown's and see if the missing man had returned there. In the meantime I had scouts out searching for any signs they could find of the missing man, without any success. I remained there until 5. 30 p. m., and concluded to return to camp, as the mail would not be along that day. Thinking there was nothing more to be accomplished by remaining any longer, I returned to camp between 7 and 8 p. m. of the 2d.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

J. P. HACKETT,

First Lieutenant, Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, Post Adjutant.

Major THOMAS F. WRIGHT,

Commanding Battalion Sixth California Volunteer Infantry.

P. S. --Number of miles traveled about twenty-eight.

CAMP IAQUA, May 20, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that according to instructions received I sent ten men of Company G, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, with one of the Mountaineers as a guide, to proceed on a scout on the morning of the 11th instant, to be followed the next day by myself with ten more, with rations for the whole party up to the 20th instant. This party, under the charge of Sergeant Holt, passed in sight of Fort Baker about 10 a. m. of the 11th (and five miles to the left), when all the buildings were standing. They encamped at the crossing of Mad River that night. Next morning they went to the summit of the South Fork Mountain, arriving there about 12 m. of the 12th instant. They then struck off to the right (or west) and came back to Mad River, and came into what is known as the Second Low Gap after night, arriving there one day sooner than I expected them, having traveled over forty miles in the two days. The next day they sent a spy on the top of the ridge to keep a lookout (which was their guide of the Mountaineer Battalion). He reported to me when I arrived on the afternoon of the 13th instant that he had seen five bucks examining their tracks where they had crossed Mad River. (The rivers are about one mile and a half apart at this point.) I left Camp Iaqua on the 12th between 6 and 7 a. m. with the remainder of the scout, and arrived at Fort Baker between 12 and 1 o'clock, and found every building burned.

