
Some of the timbers were still burning. We immediately commenced to hunt for signs of Indians. After three or four hours' search we found where three squaws had crossed the stream, coming into Baker, but could not find any signs where they had gone out. They probably went down, one of the small streams on to the Van Dusen. We encamped there that night (distant from Iaqua about fourteen miles). Friday, 13th, left camp at 6 a. m. and arrived at the Secop. m., having seen the same three squaws' tracks coming down toward Baker.

After twilight I sent two different parties up on the ridge to keep a lookout for fires. They came in about 10 p. m. and reported seeing some Indians fishing with a torch. It afterward got so foggy they could see nothing more. The next morning before daylight I sent some more man on to the ridge, but everything was so completely enveloped in fog that they could not see anything. Whilst waiting for the fog to lift they heard eight shots fired, which we also heard in camp. The for continued thick all the morning and then turned to rain and rained hard at night. We have had rain every day since leaving camp. Sunday, 15th, morning very disagreeable and rainy, with thick masses of fog drifting over the mountains. At 11 a. m., the fog lifting, I sent twelve men with the two Mountaineers up the Van Dusen with orders to proceed about four or five miles up the stream and then to go up onto the ridge and look over into Mad River, and to remain out if necessary until midnight. They came in about 6 p. m. well satisfied with what they had seen. The Indians were just below them on Mad River and extended for about one mile. They were on both sides of the river (the majority on the side next the Van Dusen) in squads of ten, twenty, thirty, and they thought as high as forty together, all dressed in citizens' or soldiers' clothing. Some parties were practicing at the target. They counted thirty-five rifle-shots fired by one party. The place was very well calculated for defense and very difficult to get at with men. It was impossible for them to estimate the number as they were continually running in and out from under the hill and we did not have a glass in the party, but they thought there were 200 or 300. The two Mountaineers that I had along were of the opinion that all the Indians with rifles this side of Hoopa Valley were there. I did not consider it safe to remain where I was on account of being on a flat and surrounded by brush. I had everything packed up and moved camp up onto the ridge. Monday, 16th, I crossed the Van Dusen below the First Low Gap and went up the South Fork of the Van Dusen and camped that night. Next morning went over into Larrabee Valley and scouted that valley through, camping that night where Larrabee's house stood. Wednesday, 18th, we scouted from Larrabee's over to Fort Baker, and the only signs we saw after crossing the Van Dusen were some squaw tracks, which we concluded were the same ones that were at Baker, going back toward Mad River. Thursday, 19th, left Baker at 7 a. m. and arrived at Camp Iaqua at 1 p. m. The weather was very disagreeable for scouting, not being able to see any distance on account of the fog and rain, either day or night. Number of miles scouted over, about 192.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

J. P. HACKETT,

First Lieutenant Company G, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers.

Major THOMAS F. WRIGHT,

Commanding Battalion Sixth Infantry California Volunteers.

