
Numbers 9.

Report of Lieutenant Hampton Hutton, Sixth California Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FORT GASTON, March 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to instructions I left Fort Gaston on March 20, 1864, to scout along the ridge on the east of Fort Gaston. I crossed the Trinity River at 7 in the morning, and followed the trail along the river until I reached the trail going up the mountain. Followed it for two hours and reached the summit of the ridge at 9 a. m. Distance marched, four miles. Followed the trail over the ridge, finding it rough and stony. Trid to find a camp on the ridge, but failed, it being too narrow. I then marched to the foot of the trail, which leads into a gulch with a fine creek flowing through it. Camped there at 5 p. m. Next morning started at 7 o'clock. Recrossed the river and followed the trail leading to the Klamath River. Followed it for three hours, and then returned to Fort Gaston. Found that the trail was good, and I arrived at camp near Gaston at 3 p. m., having marched thirty miles in two days. I found in passing over the trails that they were in very bad order, with the exception of the trail to the Klamath River.

I remain, your obedient servant,

HAMPTON HUTTON,

Second Lieutenant Company G, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers.

First Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth Infantry California Volunteers,

Acting [Assistant] Adjutant-General of Humboldt District.

Numbers 10.

Reports of Lieutenant John B. Taylor, Sixth California Infantry.

CAMP IAQUA, CAL., May 10, 1864.

SIR: Pursuant to instructions from the major commanding, I left Camp Iaqua on the 5th instant with one sergeant, one corporal, and eleven men, one packer, two mules, three horses, and six days' rations. Marched to the Weaverville trail and camped; distance, ten miles. May 6, joined two trains of emigrants at this place, both having long droves of cattle. I went with them to Soldier's Grove and camped; distance, eight miles. May 7, crossed Mad River and camped on the summit of the mountain between South Fork and Mad River, the distance traveled being eleven miles. May 8, left the emigrants and started en route for Camp Iaqua; camped at Soldier's Grove, and on the 9th I arrived at Camp Iaqua at 3 p. m. Total number of miles traveled, fifty-eight. The trail along the entire route is in good condition, with wood, water, and forage in abundance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. TAYLOR,

Second Lieutenant, Sixth California Volunteer Infantry.

First Lieutenant J. P. HACKETT,

Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, Camp Adjutant.

