
upper trail; thence up the river about ten miles. No signs of Indians. Recrossed Mad River en route for camp. On my way back came across several old Indian camps; some of them were such as they live in winter, but all of them had the appearance of being deserted for a long time. The signs I found in that part of the country were, in my opinion, at least a mouth or six weeks old. I arrived at camp at Soldier's Grove at about 7 p. m., having traveled a distance of about twenty-eight miles. The country up the river is very rough. I had no trail after leaving the upper trail, which I left immediately after crossing the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. TAYLOR,

Second Lieutenant, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers.

First Lieutenant J. P. HACKETT,

Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, Post Adjutant.

Numbers 11.

Reports of Sergt. Francis Bellon, Company G, Sixth California Infantry.

CAMP IAQUA, CAL., May 8, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders received from the commanding officer at Camp Iaqua, Cal., I left camp on Wednesday, May 4, at 12 m., with one sergeant, two corporals, and ten privates, for a scout. At 4 p. m. same day I encamped at the other side of Lawrence Creek on a deserted ranch, a distance of eight miles. Nothing seen that day. On the 5th instant I left camp at 4 a. m. Saw nothing, and having nothing to detain me on my march, arrived at Brown's ranch at 6. 30 a. m., a distance of eight miles. I scouted about five miles round the place, but no Indian sign to be seen. In the afternoon I encamped. I ascertained at Brown's ranch that Berry came there about two hours before the train got in, and went with it to Fort Humboldt, being two days and a half in the woods with his right hand shot. On the 6th instant at 7 a. m. I left the ranch for laqua, marching through the woods about four miles. When I came on Kneeland's Prairie I saw a detachment of Company C, Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, encamped about one mile and a half tot he left of the trail on a ranch. Spoke to Lieutenant Oaks; he told me that he was only a few days there; that he had destroyed two Indian ranches, and knew there had been plenty Indians around. I left him and went on my trail. I took to the right for about two miles to find Mr. Geer's fighting ground, which I found after a long search. At first there was nothing to show there had been a fight. It had the appearance of a deserted camp, with meat scattered here and there, and no more. But after a long search we discovered about three or four places that indicated graves. So to satisfy myself I had one opened and found a dead squaw. Being satisfied, I went to my first encampment, where I arrived at 1 p. m., after a march of fifteen miles. In the evening I sent out a scout, but they could find no Indian sign, but brought in a bear. Being directed to keep lookout for the train, which I expected would come in that morning, did not leave the cama. m., so as to keep about two miles ahead of it and to place myself in a position to see it pass across the Lawrence and Mills Creeks in safety, which I did. I saw the train at 11 a. m. coming and crossing the creeks in safety. Seeing it safe, I started for Camp

