
can learn, the road between Temecula and San Diego is much better than the other.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Major Fourth Infantry, Commanding.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. Army,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.

Numbers 2.

Report of Lieutenant Thomas E. Turner, Fourth U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR SAN BERNANRDINO, CAL., October 5, 1861.

MAJOR: I have the honor to herewith to submit the following report of my expedition to Temecula Ranch:

On the 25th of September, 1861, I left this camp at about 7. 30 a. m. in command of Company D, Fourth Regiment of Infantry. We crossed the Santa Ana River about nine miles from here, and after marching a distance of twelve miles over a barren, rocky wagon road without water, arrived in camp at a place called Coyote Hole. The water at this camp is very bad and scarce. There is plently of shade at this place, but no grass. On the 26th of September we left Coyte Hole at 3 a. m., and marched at least thirty miles to Willow Springs without water, save what remained in holes from the rain. The road has been during this day nearly level and very hard, through an immense valley. At willow Springs we found a small spring of good water about 100 yards down the ravine, but no shade or grass. We arrived here at about 4 p. m. On the 27th of September we left Willow Springs at 2 a. m., and after marching about six miles over a level plain we crossed through a mountain pass, and striking Temecula Valley, we encamped at Temecula Ranch at about 9. 30 a. m. We found during this march water at intervals of five miles. The distance marched was fifteen miles. We encamped on the bansk of a small lake, where we found plenty of shade, a good spring of water, and a fine bathing place. Wood is found in abudnance at a distance of two or three miles from this camp, but at other places along the road so far we have depended mostly upon the sagebrush. Beef can be purchased here for about 3 cents per pound, barley for 1 3/4 cents per pound, hay $25 per ton, lumber $40 per 1,000 feet, and beans for 3 cents per pound. A portion of the San Luis Rey Indians occupy this ranch, and have a number of small farms under cultivation. They were very friendly disposed toward us, and offered 50se their services might be needed. John Magee and his assistant (a Mr. Morgan) are the only whites living at this place. Magee is a strong Republication and Morgan a secessionist. They keep a small store in rear of the lake. Lieutenant M. T. Carr reached here this day at about 4 p. m. with a company of the First Dragoons. September 28, we left Temecula at 11 a. m., with the dragoons in advance, and after traveling through a rocky canon for sixteen miles we encamped at Tajeowanda at about 5 p. m. The water at this camp is bad, and both wood and water scarce. This place is in a small valley, and inhabited by two white men engaged in farming.

Septmeber 29, we left Tajeowanda at mmidngith, and after marching with the greatest caution through a mountain pass we encamped at Oak Grove; distance ten miles. We arrived here at early daylight and

