
Iaqua, arriving at 1 p. m., a march of eight miles. Total estimated distance, forty-four miles. No Indian sign had been seen during the trip.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS BELLON,

First Sergeant Company G, Sixth California Vol. Infantry,

Sergeant-Major of Battalion.

Major THOMAS F. WRIGHT,

Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

CAMP IAQUA, CAL., May 18, 1864.

MAJOR: I left Camp Iaqua on the 13th instant, at 1 p. m., with ten men and a guide for Harris' ranch, agreeably to written instructions received from the commanding officer. I arrived there at 3 p. m. a distance of five miles, and halted to derive some information. All I could learn from a party that had driven in their cattle was that several Indians were seen that morning in the vicinity of said place, and also that Indians were seen having a dance over a dead cow about seven miles from the farm. Mr. Harris, one of the settlers residing there, went immediately to see if he could find any Indians or tracks of them anywhere around. At his return, which I was waiting for, reported that he did not see any Indians nor any tracks of them, but to his belief that there must be Indians around, as they were seen by different parties for the last three days. I came then to the conclusion to leave the place at dark. Mr. Harris offered his services as guide. Accordingly I left at 7 in the evening and proceeded on Taylor's Ridge to have a view on Van Dusen's River, to discover, if possible, some Indian camp-fires, but arriving on the summit we were disappointed by finding the ravines and rivers below covered by a heavy fog. I concluded then to lie cocelaed for the remainder of the night, and to leave the place early in the morning, which I did after a march of ten miles. At about 3 a. m. of the 14th left my place of concealment under cover of a heavy fog, and arrived near the Van Dusen River, where I halted, making six miles. I sent then two scouts out in different directions, but both returned without success, except a party of armed men, about twelve in number, must have encamped the same night in a house stationed about two miles from where I halted, and crossed the river the same morning about an hour before we got there. At 6 o'clock in the evening I left the place and marched up the river without seeing anything, and encamped after marching eight miles. At 11 on the same night I sent two scouts out, but they could not see any fires in the ravines and opposxite side of the river. On the morning of the 15th I left camp and crossed the river, and keeping my guides about 300 yards ahead of me, so as to warn me in case they should discover anything, I arrived at the place where it was supposed that the Indians had a dance around a dead cow. I could see nothing to indicate anything of the kind. I halted in the brush and sent two parties out immediately to find something more about it, but returned after two hours' scouting without having seen either Indians or Indian tracks. I encamped after a march of ten miles; I remained there all day of 16th, sending out scouts off and on, but all returning without finding anything. On the 17th I left for Camp Iaqua, where I arrived at 2 p. m., after a march of thirteen miles, making an estimated distance of fifty-two miles. In all my travel I could not see

