
or find anything to corroborate the report of the citizens. The only thing I could see were cattle and bears' tracks.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS BELLON,

First Sergeant Company G, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers.

Major THOMAS F. WRIGHT,

Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Numbers 12.

Report of Sergt. Charles A. Baker, Company E, Sixth California Infantry.

CAMP AT SOLDIER'S GROVE, June 15, 1864.

SIR: I left camp on the 8th, crossing Mad River, then taking the Hyampom trail, arrived the same evening at Hyampton, on the South Fork of the Trinity River. Having ascertained that Government arms were in possession of some of the inhabitants of that place, I remained there the following day to search for them. Found one Government rifle, which I took possession of. Hyampom is eighteen miles distant from camp. Left the valley on the 10th, arriving in camp the same evening. No signs of Indians on the trail. Taking a corporal and eight privates, with three days' rations, left camp after sunset on the 12th, marching down and camping near Mad River. Next morning started out scouting through the woods down the river. No signs of Indians. Turned and followed up the river, occasionally finding the track of Indians, one being that of an unusually large-footed Indian; finding plenty of old huts along the banks; also several places where small game had been killed by this party of Indians. The banks being very rocky and covered with brush, made slow progress. Camped near the river. Started again next morning along the foothills. No signs of Indians. Returned to camp, arriving there on the 14th. Distance traveled on the above scouts, fifty-one miles.

Very respectfully,

CHAS. A. BAKER,

Sergeant, Company E, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. P. HACKETT,

Post Adjutant.

Numbers 13.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Stephen G. Whipple, First Battalion California Mountaineers.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Gaston, Cal., May 6, 1864.

SIR: I respectfully report that Seranaltin John and party arrived that evening, having finally concluded to settle in this valley. Matters seem to be settling down, and people begin to feel secure on the Trinity, Klamath, and Salmon Rivers. A few of Jim's Indians, some half dozen, still remain up the Trinity. As yet they refuse to come in, but assert most positively that they have no hostile intentions toward any but their Indian enemies. If prudently managed I think they may be induced to comply with the terms offered, especially after finding there

