
and camped the first night one mile below the mouth of Willow Creek, nine miles from Fort Gaston. Left Camp Numbers 1 at 8 a. m. 13th instant, and arrived at Camp Numbers 2 at 2 p. m. ; distance from Camp Numbers 1, nine miles and a half. This camp was situated half a mile above the South Fork of the Trinity River. Soon after campaign we were enlivened by the well-known whoop of the Indians. Looking across the river we saw upon the opposite hill four bucks and two squaws; we called them to come down to the river and talk. Lieutenant Middleton instantly started down the hill to meet them. Two bucks came to the river, one of whom was Frank. They would not swim the river, but said that if a few men would go up the river to Thomas' house, where they had a boat, they would come across. I sent Lieutenant Middleton with seven men to confer with them. Arrived at the appointed place, the Indians refused to cross, but sent Thomas with a boat and permission for two men to come to them, assuring him that only three Indians should be present or near. Lieutenant Middleton and Sergeant Eastman went back with Thomas, and after going up the bank, which was about fifty feet high, and across the bench out of sight of the men on the opposite shore, they found three Indians as agreed. Frank said they knew nothing of the peace that had been made with the Indians in Hoopa; that Big Jim had not been to them. He seemed willing to come in, but was afraid, as he said that everybody knew that he had helped to kill white men. While talking three more Indians came out of the brush with their guns in their hands. One of these proved to be Bob, the chief of this band. He was very saucy; said that he knew nothing of Big JIm or Seranaltin John; that these Indians belonged to him; that we could not go to Burnt Ranch, and ordered us to go back to Hoopa, as he said he had Indians around Burnt Ranch and he did not want us to go there. From the time of Bob's appearance the Indians asuemd a very hostile attitude--so much so that the lieutenant and sergeant supposed themselves to be in great danger. Lieutenant Middleton before going over had taken the precaution to have the men as soon as he was out of sight send one of the Indian boys belonging to the company to get the boat, and for all to cross as soon as possible. The men had obeyed orders strictly, and came in sight at this time very much to the surprise of the Indians, who were not aware of their approach until they had arrived within 150 yards. The Indians instantly brought their cocked guns to bear upon the lieutenant and sergeant, and told them the soldiers must come no nearer. To save his own and the sergeant's life Lieutenant Middleton was obliged to order the men to halt. Their near approahc had, however, saved the lives of Lieutenant Middleton and Sergeant Eastman, as we believe, and caused the Indians to lower their pretensions considerably. They would agree to nothing that night, but said they would come to the river opposite the mouth of the South Fork the next morning. This they did, and told us to go on and they would go to Hoopa, and if they found everything right they would try to get permission to live at Willow Creek. Bob informed us that there were ten of his band here. He asked for a pass, which Lieutenant Middleton wrote, but so suspicious was he that he refused to come for it until after we had left Camp Numbers 2, which we did about 9 a. m. We arrived at Burnt Ranch 2 p. m. the 14th instant. Distance from Camp Numbers 2, eleven miles and a half; from Fort Gaston, thirty miles. May 15, I sent Sergeant Eastman with thirteen men to Fort Gaston as escort to Government pack train (Company Orders, Numbers 1, date May 15, 1864). Returned to this camp May 18. May 18, Lieutenant Middleton, with twenty enlisted men, proceeded to operate against some hostile Indians found by one of the

