
Indians belonging to my company upon the South Fork of Trinity River (Company Orders, Numbers 2, date May 18, 1864). They found two ranches that night about 12 o'clock after fording the South Fork. The Indians had left a short time previous, having been informed of the approach of the party by some Indians who had crossed the trail of Lieutenant Middleton's command near this camp. May 19, Lieutenant Middleton and command returned to this camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ABRAHAM MILLER,

Captain, First Battalion of Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Company C and Camp.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjt. Sixth Infantry California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

CAMP AT BURNT RANCH, TRINITY COUNTY, CAL.,

June 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of my command from the 15th of May to the 1st day of June, 1864:

On the 18th instant I received a communication from Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple advising me that the Indians were to be allowed four days (commencing on the above date) in which to bring their families to Hoopa Valley. By the same communication I was informed that Heath (an escaped prisoner from Fort Gaston) was at Quimby's house, on New River (sixteen miles from this camp). On the 20th instant I dispatched Lieutenant Middleton with one enlisted man in search of him (Company Orders, Numbers 3, date May 20, 1864). He found on his arrival at the above-named place that Heath had left for Pony Creek, twelve miles farther on. He was followed by Lieutenant Middleton to this place, but the search proved unsuccessful. The party returned to camp on the 23rd instant. On the 25th I sent Sergeant Eastman with six men, with three days' rations, to scout for Indians up the Trinity River (Company Orders, Numbers 4, date May 24). He returned to camp the 27th instant. Saw no Indians or fresh signs. This command proceeded as far as Big Flat, twenty-eight miles from Burnt Ranch.

On the 27th instant Sergeant Leonard with seven men was ordered to proceed to the South Fork of Trinity River, in the direction of the mouth of Grouse Creek, in search of hostile Indians (Company Orders, Numbers 5, date May 27). He returned with his command on the evening of the 28th instant; saw no Indians, but fresh signs leading in the direction of Trinity River. Same day ordered Sergeant Wilson with nine men to proceed to Trinity River, in vicinity of Thomas' house, in search of hostile Indians (Company Orders, Numbers 6, date May 27). In the afternoon of this day a camp (in which there were seven or eight bucks and several squaws and children) was found. The command advanced within 150 yards before they were discovered. Three bucks and 1 squaw (the last accidentally) were killed and 1 or 2 wounded before they could gain the cover of the rocks and bushes. In endeavoring to advance upon the ranch the command received a volley of bullets from the opposite side of the river, where a band, supposed to be Frank's, consisting of fifteen or twenty Indians, now appeared. After regaining the cover of the timber, which they had before occupied, the fire was returned. Two Indians were wounded, and all were driven farther up the mountain. Exchange of shots was kept up with this band until dark, when Sergeant Wilson, finding that he could not

