
go down to the ranch without exposing his men to great danger, gave orders to return to camp, where he arrived with his command 6 a. m. 28th instant. This engagement took place near Thomas' house, on Trinity River, three miles above the mouth of the South Fork and eight miles from Burnt Ranch. May 30 (in accordance with Company Orders, Numbers 7, date May 29), Lieutenant Middleton with twenty-five enlisted men, with ten days' rations, proceeded against hostile Indians in the vicinity of Hyampom. No report has been received from this command.

Respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

ABRAHAM MILLER,

Captain, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers,

Commanding Company C and Camp.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth California Volunteer Infantry,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Fort Humboldt, Cal.

CAMP AT BURNT RANCH, TRINITY COUNTY, CAL.,

June 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of my command (stationed at Burnt Ranch) from the 1st to the 12th of June, 1864:

On the 1st instant Corporal Young, with one man, proceeded to Fort Gaston in charge of special express to that post (Company Orders, Numbers 8). Returned to this camp 3rd instant. On the 5th instant Sergeant Leonard with five men, with two days' rations, ordered to proceed against hostile Indians on the South Fork of Trinity River, near its mouth (Company Orders, Numbers 9, date June 5). Returned to this camp on the evening of the 6th instant. Saw two Indians traveling up the river, but were unable to approach within gunshot. Discovered but little fresh Indian sign. The 5th instant Lieutenant Middleton, with fifteen men of his command, returned to camp at Burnt Ranch. The 6th instant Sergeant Ipson with nine men, the remainder of Lieutenant Middleton's detachment, reported at this place. For particulars of the operations of this detachment I refer you to the inclosed report of Lieutenant Middleton. Lieutenant Middleton, with fourteen men, ordered to proceed against Indians supposed to be engaged in fishing near Burnt Ranch Canon, four miles form this camp (Company Orders, Numbers 10). Returned same evening. Found ranch, but the Indians, warned of the approach of the party by a squaw placed upon a high point as lookout, were, with the exception of the above-named squaw, enabled to escape. The ranch, with several fish-nets and a large quantity of cured fish, was destroyed. The squaw, taken prisoner, will be sent by the first train to Fort Gaston. Sergeant Wilson, with eight men, ordered to proceed at 10 p. m. to Tinsley's place on Trinity River, eight miles from this camp; to cross the river at daylight of the 7th instant and scout for Indians up and in the vicinity of the above-named river (Company Orders, Numbers 11). June 7, Corporal Downer, with five men, ordered to proceed [at] 8 a. m. to Trinity River, near Burnt Ranch Canon (Company Orders, Numbers 12); to keep concealed until the arrival of detachment under Sergeant Wilson, when he would act in union with them. The two detachments returned to camp the evening of the 7th instant. Saw, with the aid of a spy-glass, two bucks and several squaws and children. They were high up on the mountain, and it was impossible to get near them. June 8, Sergeant Leonard,

