
with five men, ordered to proceed to-day in search of hostile Indians in vicinity of Altapom, eight miles southeast from Burnt Ranch (Company Orders, Numbers 13, date June 8). Sergeant Leonard, with his detachment, returned the evening of the 9th instant. Saw no sign indicating the presence of Indians in that neighborhood. The company under my command received to-day payment for eight months' service. June 10 and 11, company remaining in camp.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ABRAHAM MILLER,

Captain, First Battalion of Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Camp at Burnt Ranch.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth California Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 20, 1864.

Colonel H. M. BLACK,

Sixth Infantry California Vols., Commanding Dist. of Humboldt:

SIR: The commanding general has perused with much satisfaction the report of Captain Miller of operations against the Indians in the District of Humboldt, and desires me to say that the zeal and bravery of the officers and men composing the captain's command, particularly the conduct of Sergeant Wilson and his detachment, is worthy of all praise. Let all emulate the activity and spirit of these brave men and the Indian troubles in the District of Humboldt will soon be brought to a close.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 15.

Report of Captain George W. Ousley, First Battalion California Mountaineers.

CAMP ANDERSON, CAL., May 17, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Orders, Numbers 5, I marched at 6 a. m. the 7th with twenty men and ten days' rations; made my way up the east side of this creek; camped at 3 p. m. at what is known as Indian Camp; distance, fourteen miles, direction two points east of south. On west side of ridge but little timber, good water, and grass plenty; east side of ridge timber and chaparral; Indian signs scarce, probably twenty days old, going up the ridge. The 8th marched at 5 a. m. ; camped at 4 p. m. ; distance, fifteen miles; mountainous country, same as yesterday, but more Indian signs, but not fresher. The 9th marched at 5. 30 a. m. and camped at 8. 30 p. m. at the head of Redwood Creek; country chaparral prairies, with timber in gulches. Scouted all day; no fresh sign. The 10th marched at 6 a. m. ; camped at the lake on Upper Weaver trail at 12 m. Distance, seven miles and a half. Route brushy, with prairie on the ridges; direction northwest; some Indian sign; scouted during afternoon and the following day. The 12th marched at 6. 30 a. m. ; camped at 10 in prairie north of Thief Camp. Distance traveled, four miles; direction north. The mountains here are heavier

