
timbered all the distance. Found two fresh Indian signs. Scouted the balance of the day; could not ascertain where the tracks went to. The 13th marched at 6 a. m. ; camped at what is known as the Upper House at 12 m. ; distance, five miles; direction north. Heavy timber with a thick growth of underbrush all the distance. A good range for stock where I camped. Scouted balance of the day. The 14th marched at 5 a. m., arriving at Bald Mountain at 6. 30 a. m. ; distance, six miles. Good trail; prairie most of the way on west side of ridge; timber on the east. Scouted all day. The 15th marched at 6 a. m. ; arriving at this camp at 11. 30; distance, ten miles. Good travel all way through a dense forest. Direction aeast of north.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE W. OUSLEY,

Captain, First Batt. Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Co. B.

Major W. S. R. TAYLOR,

Commanding Camp Anderson.

Numbers 16.

Reports of Lieutenant Knyphausen Geer, First Battalion California Mountaineers.

FORT GASTON, CAL., March 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor of transmitting the following report, to wit: In compliance with Post Orders, Numbers 54, dated February 21, 1864, I left this post February 21, at 11 p. m., with thirty men of Company A, Battalion Mountaineers, on a scout. I went by the way of Bald Hills and Redwood Creek, which stream I reached at Albee's ranch without seeing any fresh Indian sign. I followed up said stream to the old trail leading from Arcata to Weaverville, which place I reached on the 28th, and pitched camp. From here I sent out scouts on both sides of Redwood Creek. The scouts returned at night and reported having found Indians on the east side of the stream about eight miles from our camp. On the 29th, at 5. 30 a. m., I attacked the Indians; killed 3 of them; badly wounded several; took 2 women and 3 children prisoners. I had 1 man wounded in the leg. Same day returned to camp, carrying the man with us. On the morning of March 1 I had 1 man (William Sharp) killed by the Indians white hunting for deep. Several shots were exchanged between the Indians and the men under my command without any accident to either party, the Indians fighting under cover. On the 3rd I moved to Thief Camp, having scouts to the right and left of the trail. On the 4th the scouts returned and reported having discovered from 80 to 100 Indians camped on the west side of Redwood, between Hempfield's old ranch and the trail known as the Hyampom trail. March 5, went to Camp Iaqua with eight men sick. On the 6th returned to Thief Camp. On the 7th, at 4 p. m., left camp for this post, at which place I arrived on the 8th, at 6 a. m., leaving the detachment at Thief Camp.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GEER,

Lieutenant, Co. A, First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols., Commanding Detach.

First Lieutenant A. W. HANNA,

Adjutant First Battalion Mountaineers.

