
men were without any provisions of any kind they returned to the river, and on their way back they found four hogs, which they supposed the Indians had fasted up (as they were in a corral), which they shot and rafted across the river and packed them on mules to Fort Gaston, where we arrived about 3. 30 p. m. of the 18th, having marched in the last two days about eighteen miles. I have to speak in the highest terms of the officers and men under my command, and also the officers and men of Company G, Sixth Infantry California held themselves in readiness to march at any hour. I must say a word for Lieutenant Hackett, who has paid unwearied attention to the officers and men and withstood our many fatiguing marches, that he is well deserving of all praise.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GEER,

First Lieutenant Company A, First Batt. Mountaineers, Commanding Detach.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth Infantry California Volunteers,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.

FORT GASTON, CAL., April 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith the following report:

That according to instructions from the commanding officer, I left this post at 8 a. m. of the 27th of March with twenty-five men of Company A, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, and five Indians, with ten days' rations, and was accompanied by Lieutenant Middleton, of Company C, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, and twenty-five men and two Indians. Traveled nine miles and camped at the mouth of Willow Creek. There was plenty of wood, water, and good feel for our animals. Rained and snowed nearly all day. March 28, left camp at 7 o'clock and started for the mouth of the South Fork of Trinity River; distance about nine miles. Arrived about 3 o'clock. Still continuing rain. March 29, attempted to cross main Trinity River in a canvas boat. The river being very high caused me to fail, after making several attempts. I returned to camp and prepared some cooked rations. I then took one man and two Indians; crossed the South Fork of Trinity River; traveled about seven miles. Finding no sign, returned to camp. March 30, Lieutenant Middleton left camp with nineteen men and two Indians with four days' rations; crossed Trinity River about 12 o'clock. I remained in camp and prepared three days' cooked rations. Still continues to rain at intervals. March 31, left camp with nineteen men and five Indians; crossed the South Fork of Trinity River at 7 o'clock; marched twelve miles and halted at the mouth of New River. In advancing on the trail I saw where the Indians had killed some hogs not long since.

April 1, remained in camp and sent out five Indians up the south side of Trinity River. I found a boat lying in the river; crossed over four men; they reported having found one log-house and several small brush-houses which were tenanted not long since. From the position on which the log-house was stationed the Indians could view the Trinity for miles in extent. There was in the log-house a large quantity of grain, some worn-out clothing, all of which was burnt. From all indications the log-house was not entirely evacuated. The Indians sent up the river returned about 4 o'clock, reported having gone to Burnt Ranch, and on their return were fired upon from the opposite side of

19 R R--VOL L, PT I

