
found a pleasant shady camp with plenty of wood and good water. There is a a tavern kept here by a Mr. Cable. This man told me privately that he was for the Union, but was afraid on account of his lonely position to let it be known, and that as soon as he could he should leave this part of the country, as he did not consider himself safe; that parties of armed men were constantly passing through Oak Grove, and that the property of Union men was in great danger. From private reasons I am pretty well satisfied that Mr. Cable is a man to be relied upon. I met here also Mr. Reed, of the Overland Mail, who informed me that Lieutenants Bryant and Foster arrived at Fort Yuma in safety, the men marching at times through mud and water nearly waist deep. We left this place at about 3 p. m., having received an order from Captain J. W. Davidson, First Dragoons, to return immediately to Temecula. Lieutenant Carr went on later in the day toward Warner's ranch in expectation of meeting the wagon train from Fort Yuma. We reached Tajeowanda in two hours and twenty minutes and encamped there. September 30, left camp at 5 a. m. Encamped at Temecula at 12 m. I here met Captain Davidson with his dragoons, who gave me an order to return to san bernardino, allowing us a day's rest. I learned to-day from Mr. Morgan that he (Morgan) was a Knight of the Golden Circle. He said he did not think that there were many of the order in this part of the country, and that he expected Colonel Jack Hays through here some time in October with a number of men, and that if he had any money be should join them and go to Texas. I asked if they would cause trouble as they went through. He said not unless they were molested. I then asked if he really through there would be a difficulty here. He said he was satisfied that there wold be in a short time. Morgan was very anxious for me to join the South, and I think be doubts my loyalty. He showed the badge of the order on his breast, a gold ring with a Saint Andrew's cross in the center. Another man, a noted secessinist, by name of Grooms, remarked in the presence of Captain Davidson and others, that when the taxes came to be collected it was human nature, and there would be troulbe in this State. I also learned here that a party of twenty or thirty armed men had passed this road on to the desert, but had branched off at New River, and other small parties had followed them. This report I heard from several persons, and some seemed to think there was a possibility of Fort Yuma being attacked. A detachment of dragoons met the wagons at Carriso all safe. In the neighborhood of Temecula there are the San Diego Indians, about 1,800 souls; the san luis Rey Indians, about 2,000; the Agua Caliente, about 400, and the Coahuila Indians, about 2,000. I understand they offer all the assistance in their power. They number about 1,000 warriors and are poorly armed, but would make excellent scouts. When we left, Ramon Carrillo had the Coahuila Indians hunting the mountains as spies without pay. The Indian express can cross the desert in twenty hours. Grass can be found a short distance from the Temecula Ranch. Mr. Cable reported to me that some of Braynt's men are disloyal, and have threatened to kill Bryant the first one in case of a disturbance. Thin confirmed in different places along the road. I consulted with Captain Davidson in regard to this matter, and consider it best to report it.

October 1, I received an express from Captain Davison at 10 a. m. to join him at Cline's ranch the next day, as he had received important news. At 12 midnight I left Temecula. October 2, joined Captain Davidson at 4 a. m. at Cline's ranch. We found here, after marching six miles, good water, but wood an shade scarce. The grazing is fair,

