
the river by three Indians. Fired several shots, but to no effect. Still continues to rain. April 2, left camp at 7 o'clock for the mouth of South Fork of Trinity River. In order to have a safe and better means of crossing the Trinity River, I sent two Indians to pilot the boat down to the mouth of the South Fork, but to no purpose. One of the Indians broke his paddle, then she was unmanageable and left to the mercy of the waves. The boat struck full broadside against a rock, sinking her at once, the Indians barely escaping with their lives, losing their guns, ammunition, and some articles of clothing. Still continues to rain at intervals. April 3, remained in camp and awaited the arrival of Lieutenant Middleton, who came in about 2 p. m., and reported:

Traveled about eight miles, and camped at Davis' Point at 3 p. m. Saw one fresh Indian track at Haden's ranch, and where the Indians had killed some cattle and hogs; crossed the mountain and struck New River, two miles and a half above the mouth. Saw no sign. Went up the river some three miles and camped about 3 p. m. Left camp for Big Flat, where we camped at 11 a. m., and sent men out on th epins to see if they could discover anything. Nothing but a small smoke on the other side of the river was seen. The river being too high, no attempt to cross was made. Left camp with ten men. Went up the river and found a log across the river. Sent one sergeant and four men down on the opposite side. The sergeant reported having fourn an old Indian and two small children. The Indian had a paper stating that hew as friendly, asn was left to protect the property of Thomas &amp; Quimbis. Returned to the mouth of South Fork after traveling through rain and snow for twenty miles and joined the main command.

April 4, sent Lieutenant Middleton with the train to Fort Gaston for a supply of provisions. April 5, the train returned with orders to report at ft camp at 2 o'clock the same day and camped at Willow Creek. Rained all day. April 6, left camp at 7 o'clock. After traveling nine miles arrived at Fort Gaston at 11 a. m. The only pleasant day we had, as it rained and stormed at intervals all the time we were out. As for the Indians I can put no dependence in them. One contradicts the other, and they were elittle or no use to me. As for the ugns that were lost in the boat, one belonged to Government, the other to one of the Indian guides, whifch I recommend he be recompensed for. My command was kept well together on all marches, and, as much as the nature of the country would permit, under my own eye. When within a few miles of Fort Gaston I saw each man of the command. I remained with the advance guard, Sergeant Eastman, of Company C, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, being in command of the rear guard. Upon arriving at the fort it was found that Private Samuel Overlander, of Company C, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, was missing, which was duly reported to the commanding officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GEER,

First Lieutenant Co. A, Battalion Mountaineers, Commanding Detach.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth Infantry California Volunteers,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.

CAMP IAQUA, CAL., May 2, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from Major T. F. Wright, commanding, I left Camp Iaqua on the 27th ultimo with four men of my detachment of Company A, Mountaineers, in company with Lieutenant Taylor, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, and one sergeant and ten men of Company E, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, ten days' rations and two mules, and proceeded in a northwesterly direction

