
twelve miles and camped at a place known as Brown's ranch. April 28, I took three men as a reconnoitering party and crossed Fresh Water Slough; thence to the Old Humboldt trail on Kneeland's Prairie; thence back to camp, where I arrived at 6. 30, having seen no fresh Indian sign. April 29, moved camp at night about five miles, and camped in a deep canon, so as not to be seen. April 30, Lieutenant Taylor, myself, and three men left camp early in the morning and proceeded to reconnoiter the woods and prairie and discovered Indian signs. Lieutenant Taylor returned to camp and ordered three days' cooked rations to be got ready. I with three men proceeded to follow the sign, which led me in the direction of Elk River. After proceeding about two miles I returned to camp, where I arrived about 4 p. m.

May 1, I told Lieutenant Taylor to detail from his command two men to return to Camp Iaqua with the mules packed with cooking utensils, overcoats and blankets, and the remainder of the provisions, &amp;c. When the mules were packed, Lieutenant Taylor ordered the men so detailed to go direct to the Humboldt trail, which was about a mile distant from our camp, and there wait for the Iaqua pack train, which was going through that day with en proceeded with the remainder of the command on the trail of the Indians. After proceeding about five miles found a deserted Indian camp, where they had been killing cattle. Continued on the trail about three miles farther and found another deserted camp; continued about two miles farther and found a third camp, which had been occupied from appearances only a few days previous to our arrival. From this camp we followed the Indian trail down Elk River about a mile. We discovered another camp and after a cautious approach to it we found that the Indians had abandoned it that morning, as all signs were fresh and the fires still burning. From this camp we followed the Indian trail in a direct course back to Kneeland's Prairie. Here we halted our men on the edge of the woods for the purpose of reconnoitering the edge of the prairie. During the reconnaissance we discovered two squaws on a high bluff. We then recalled our men and placed ourselves in a position to watch the movements of the Indians, and learn if possible if it would be better to make the attack immediately or not; but after a consultation with Lieutenant Taylor we concluded to postpone the attack until next morning, when the bucks would be all in camp. We waited till dark, when Lieutenant Taylor and myself went to learn the position of the camp and the lay of the ground around it, which we found to be in very thick brush and on a point between two deep ravines. We thenr eturned to our men and lay down to get some rest. May 2, up before daylight and started for the Indian camp, which we surrounded in a short time, Lieutenant Taylor occupying the south and a part of the east and west sides, while I occupied the north and part of the east and west sides, having a part of Lieutenant Taylor's detachment. Lieutenant Taylor opened fire on the Indians, when they ran toward me. I then fired on them, and the fire became general from all sides.

After the fight was over we found that we had killed 3 bucks and 3 squaws and broke 1 b 2 squaws and 2 children prisoners. The attack took them so much by surprise that they had not time to carry off any of their property or plunder, which we found upon examination that the largest portion belonged to us, and was the same that was sent in the day before, which led us to believe that the train had been attacked. We also found some quilts, a shotgun, and some clothing which I believe to have belonged to Mr. Hagan, who lives on Elk River. (The property has been turned over to Major

