
and east of Mad River. I sent five men ahead to watch the movement of the Indians and camped at Three Cabins, having traveled ten miles. May 11, the scouts returned at 12 noon and reported having seen fresh Indian signs. I ordered three days' cooked rations prepared, and at 6 p. m. left camp with sixteen men, leaving the remainder to guard the train. I traveled eight miles and camped. May 12, found the Indian sign, and after following it two miles, found where they had killed an animal for beef. At this point they had scattered, and we had considerable difficulty in tracing them, and it was late in the evening when I found where they had come together again; after which we trailed them to Boulder Creek. This evening heard several guns fired in the divide between Boulder Creek and Redwood; also saw three Indians camped two miles from Boulder Creek.

May 13, followed the sign down to Boulder Creek, where we found from the sign the three Indians has been joined by ten Indians, who were all shod, as there were no barefooted tracks among them. I followed them down Boulder Creek three miles, when I discovered three squaws, apparently heavily loaded. I ordered the men to secrete themselves in the brush and watch their movements. They went into the timber on the creek. Half an hour after I saw one Indian and three squaws coming down the mountain loaded with deer meat. They went into the woods, the same place the others had gone. I remained concealed until dark, and then went to where I thought they had camped, when I found they were a traveling party and had only stopped to rest, and traveled up the creek under cover of the night. May 14, joined the train at the crossing of Boulder Creek, where I camped and ordered three days' cooked rations. May 15, took sixteen men and followed the trail of the Indians up Boulder Creek five miles, where they had left nt up the divide between Boulder Creek and Mad River. After traveling fifteen miles I camped on the divide. May 16, continued on the trail of the Indians one mile, where I found where the Indians had camped the night before. Here they had again scattered, and I was unable to find their trail. I kept up the divide in the direction of yesterday's march five miles, where I again found their trail, but after following it twomiles they again scattered, and the ground being rocky, I was unable to follow them any farther. I then traveled in the direction of Mad River, which stream I struck ten miles above the Starrar ranch, where I camped, having marched eighteen miles. May 17, traveled down Mad River to the Starrar ranch, where I met the train and camped. May 18, took fifteen men and two days' rations and traveled down Mad River as far as Bremer's ranch, having ordered the train to Iaqua. Saw no fresh Indian sign to-day. Marched fifteen miles. May 19, crossed Mad River and marched for this post (by the way of Kneeland's Prairie), which place I reached at 6 p. m.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GEER,

First Lieutenant Company A, First Battalion Mountaineers,

California Volunteers, Commanding Detachment.

First Lieutenant JACOB P. HACKETT,

Adjutant Sixth Infantry California Volunteers.

CAMP IAQUA, May 25, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that according to instructions received from you on the afternoon of the 20th I called for volunteers

