
to accompany me on a scout. In a very short time I had move applicants than I could take, and had to refuse several that wanted to go. I left Camp Iaqua about 7. 30 p. m. of the 20th with Lieutenants Hackett and Hutton, of Company G, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers; two non-commissioned officers and nineteen privates of Company G, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers; one non-commissioned officer and five privates of Company E, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, and six of my own men. We arrived at Fleming's camp, on Pilot Creek, about sunrise of the 21st. After the men had taken some coffee they lay down and slept about two hours. After detailing ten men of my command to remain with the train, we took four days' rations in our haversacks and started on the trail of the Indians. We bivouacked that night on the same stream, but farther up. At sunrise of the 22nd we were again on the trail, and found where they had been joined by some other Indians. About 12 m. lost the track of them and did not find it again until near sunset, when we discovered some smoke. We traveled until 12 o'clock that night, and lay down on the ridge thinking we were within half a mile of where the smoke was seen. At daylight on the morning of the 23rd every man was up promptly at the word. We then found that we were farther than we expected from where we supposed the Indians were, and made good time to get there before light. The first thing that attracted out attention was a horse tied in the bushes. Almost immediately afterward a white man, accompanied by an Indian (with a white band on his hat), passed into the bushes from the edge of the prairies (having evidently been on the lookout) to where the fires were. Our impression at that time was that it was some one hunting Indians, but in almost one minute we got a glimpse of the squaws gathering up the blankets. We then made the charge into the bushes (every one seemed anxious to get in first). We succeeded in killing 5 bucks and 3 squaws (they would not stop when they were hailed), and taking 2 squaws and 2 children prisoners. After taking some coffee we then started for camp, leaving ten men posted in the vicinity of those killed to await the return of the Indians to bury their dead. We then took the ridge and made as much noise as possible to let them know we were going. In about one hour's time after we left a party of toking very cautiously as they came. They did not come in the way they were expected, and we only succeeded in getting 1 buck and his rifle, making 6 bucks and 3 squaws killed, 2 squaws and 2 children prisoners. We also took Mills' rifle (who was killed at Booth's Run), besides 2 hunting rifles, a horse, saddle, and bridle. Tuesday, 24th, started back to Camp Iaqua, and when about two miles from camp the advance guard with Lieutenant Hackett arrested Corporal Perry and Private Davis, of Company E, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, dressed in citizen's clothing, with their blankets on their backs, being then over twenty miles from Camp Iaqua. The men all without any exception, behaved as well as any set of men could under the same circumstances. Aggregate number of miles traveled, ninety. There was quite a number wounded that were shot through the body that we followed some three or four miles, but they managed to escape.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GEER,

First Lieutenant Company A, First Battalion Mountaineers,

California Volunteers, Commanding Detachment.

Major THOMAS F. WRIGHT,

Sixth Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Battalion Sixth Infantry California Vols.

