
CAMP IAQUA, June 15, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders I left this post on the 6th instant with seven men of Company G, Sixth Infantry; four men of Company A, California Mountaineers, and one friendly Indian named Billy under my command, for the purpose of having a talk with the hostile Indians known as the Redwoods. Marched fifteen miles and camped on Boulder Creek. June 7, went two miles to Thief Camp, where I met Lieutenant Beckwith, Company A, California Mountaineers, with a detachment of nine men and three friendly Indians, two of them being the celebrated chiefs Big Jim and Seranaltin John. Here I camped and remained until the 10th, waiting for the return of Captain John, whom Lieutenant Beckwith had senn Indian who was acquainted with the place in which the Redwood Indians were camped. He returned on the 9th, at 3 p. m., with the Indian, who had taken him to the camp of the Redwoods on his way to my camp. I immediately sent Captain John and Billy to their camp and instructed them to find out if the Indians were willing to come in. June 10, moved camp eight miles to the lagoon on the top of the Redwood divide, where the Indians John and Billy returned at 6 p. m., and reported as having a talk with the Indians, and that they were willing to come in. June 11, left camp with two men of my detachment, in company with Lieutenant Beckwith and command and the friendly Indians, for Bloody Camp (having ordered the balance of my command to Thief Camp), at which place I arrived at 4 p. m. Marched twenty-five miles. June 12, three of the hostile Indians came into camp to have a talk with us. They said they wanted to stop fighting, and would come in and bring their families with them. They told me there were eighteen warriors in their tribe, twelve of whom were in camp, and that they had sent two Indians after those that were absent, and assured me they would come in as soon as they were found. Lieutenant Beckwith made arrangements with them to meet him on the trail on the top of the mountain between Redwood and Willow Creek the next morning (as it was eight miles nearer than to our camp) and go with him to Hoopa. June 13, returned to Thief Camp, a distance of eighteen miles. June 14, returned to this post, at which place I arrived at 4 p. m.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GEER,

First Lieutenant Company A, California Mountaineers,

California Volunteers, Commanding Detachment.

First Lieutenant JACOB P. HACKETT,

Post Adjutant Sixth Infantry California Volunteers.

Numbers 17.

Reports of Lieutenant William W. Frazier, First Battalion California Mountaineers.

March 1, 1864, encamped on the waters of Redwood Creek between the head of Mattole and South Fork of Eel River, where the detachment remained until I came to quarters, Upper Mattole. I returned on the 5th. On the 7th I divided my command into three squads and moved toward White Thorn Valley--two scouting squads and one with the pack train--the train to march to Ross' Defeat, a small valley on the Mattole, where the different squads were to meet the party headed

