
March 31, left headquarters on the Mattole with eight men for a scout on the headwaters of the North Fork of the Mattole, and camped at Hoar's old ranch on Rainbow Ridge, having discovered no Indian sign. Distance marched, six miles. April 1, lay over on account of a very heavy rain-storm. April 2, the weather having moderated a little, we again shouldered our packs and rolled out in the direction of Taylor's Mountain, and when about half way up the mountain we discovered an Indian on the opposite ridge, traveling in the direction of Taylor's ranch. We at once proceeded down the mountain and across a deep, heavily timbered ravine to where we had seen the Indian last, but he succeeded in getting into the brush before we got within gunshot of him. We found his tracks and followed hima as far as we could until darkness prevented us from going any farther. We camped for the night on the North Fork of the Mattole, between Taylor's ranch and Rainbow Ridge. Distance marched, eight miles. April 3, during the night a very heavy storm set in, raining and snowing. We were compelled to make tents of our blankets and sleep on the wet ground. We were confined to our blanket tents all day, the storm was so severe. April 4, the weather moderated a little, and I took four men and went in search of the Indian I had seen the day before. I found an Indian lodge that had been occupied two or three days previous. They had left behind them several of their trinkets, such as baskets, milk pans, and an old calico dress, but the Indian we saw did nto camp there but traveled right through in the direction of the coast; but I was unable to follow him, owing to my health being bad, but Corporal Riding with four men volunteered to follow him. They tracked him all day in the direction of Taylor's ranch, and when within four miles of the ranch they found where he had been leading an animal, and had not proceeded more than half a mile farther up the mountain when they found a gray mare with ten feet of rope tied to her neck, the property of Mr. Taylor. The mare and two colts had been stolen from him by the Indians a month before. They took charge of the mare and proceeded toward Taylor's ranch and camped there that night. Distance marched, eight miles. April 5, sent one man with the mare towith three men followed on the tracks of the Indians; but we now found it very difficult to track them, for they are using every possible means to avoid making sign, wrapping their feet up in old rags and rawhide, but all to no purpose, for we could still follow their tracks. We followed them all day, making no new discovery, and when night over took us we camped at Griffith's cabin, situated on the headwaters of the North Fork of the Mattole. Distance marched, ten miles.

April 6, took their tracks again and found where they had been camped for some time. They had just left it, for we were so close after them that they had not time to take away all their trinkets. We found in the ranch frying pans, milk pans, earthenware, cups and saucers; property that they had stolen from the citizens on Bear River. We also found the remains of cattle and potatoes and pumpkins, but the redskins were gone. We camped there for the night, and took possession of house and property. Distance marched, ten miles. April 7, we were compelled to give up the chase, owing to our provisions being entirely consumed. We had been following them then for two days with no other provisions but dried beef, and we consumed the last of that for breakfast this morning. We at once returned toward camp, but did not succeed in reaching it that night, but were compelled to camp out in a snow-storm with only one blanket to each man and no provisions. Distance, twenty miles. April 8, at daybreak we struck out for camp,

