
and succeeded in reaching it at 10 p. m., hungry, wet, and cold. Distance marched, five miles. April 9, laid over and rested my men at headquarters.

April 10, started on a scout with six men and five days' rations. Having discovered no fresh Indian sign, camped at Horner's burnt cabin, situated about five miles south of Bear River, on the Hydesville trail. Distance marched, ten miles. April 11, left the burnt cabin and traveled down the ridge toward Southmade's ranch, and posted a lookout on a high mountain with a good spy-glass, thinking we might discover the Indians running cattle; but we were disappointed; no Diggers were to be seen in that neighborhood. We then crossed over to Taylor's Mountain and camped. Distance marched, eight miles. April 12 and 13, lay round concealed in the brush in hopes of seeing the Indians traveling after cattle, but they did not show themselves. They have most probably found out that we are on the lookout for them. April 14, returned to camp in order to throw the Indians off their guard and give them a chance to come out of their hiding place, but I will endeavor to be close behind them when they move out. Distance marched, nine miles.

W. W. FRAZIER,

Second Lieutenant Company E, First Battalion Mountaineers,

California Volunteers, Commanding Detachment.

May 1 and 2, 1864, in camp with eight men, a party of four men being out on a scout since the 29th of April on the head of Bear River. May 3, scouting party returned to camp, having searched the head of Bear River and Bull Creek, but were unsuccessful in finding Indians or Indian sign. May 4 to 8, employed in moving camp, having made our headquarters in the lower valley on the Mattole River about five miles from its mouth. May 9, sent out new scouting parties, one to Shinanigan Mountain and Kushka's and the other to Taylor's Mountain, with orders to lay concealed and watch the trails traveled by the Indians. May 10, in camp with six men. May 11, sent out another party of four men with orders to search all the gulches and small streams which put into the coast from the mouth of the Mattole to the mouth of Bear River. May 12 and 13, all hands out scouting with the exception of two camp keepers. May 14, scouting parties returned from Taylor's Mountain, having made no new discovery. There are two scouting parties out that I have not heard from up to this date.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. FRAZIER,

Second Lieutenant Company E, First Battalion Mountaineers,

Commanding Detachment.

Sergeant Byrnes with a detachment of four men returned to camp from Shinanigan Mountain, having scouted on Kushka's for five days without discovering any traces of the Indians. May 16, Sergeant Byrnes with four men left camp to scout for Indians between Bear River and the North Fork of Mattole. May 17, another party of three men left camp to scout for Indians between the mouth of the Mattole and Shelter Cove. They report that they struck fresh Indian signs at the mouth of the Mattole, and followed it down the beach to a big gulch, known as Bull Run. The Indians were camped at the mouth

