
of the gulch, and had it not been for an old grizzly bear that took fright at our boys and ran through the Indian encampment, alarming the Indians, and giving them time to make their escape before we got within gunshot of them, we should most probably have taken them in. We took their trail the next morning and followed them over the mountains toward the Mattole, and jumped them again. They were camped in open country, where they could see all around them for half a mile. We got all their bows and arrows, butcher knives, baskets, and everything they had, and ran them a very hard race for over two miles, but they had too much the start of us. We gave up the chase at present, but we still followed on their trail until our provisions were entirely gone, when we left their tracks to return to camp for move provisions. They were traveling toward the coast. We arrived in camp on the Mattole on the 22d, averaging each day eighteen miles. Sergeant Byrnes with his detachment returned to camp on the 20th, having found no traces of Indians. May 23, three men took another supply of provisions and resumed the chase after the Indians; they left on the 22d. They got on their tracks again on the South Fork of Mattole, and followed them over toward the coast, but the Indians, finding that the boys were on their tracks, set fire to the grass in order to hide their sign, but they knew the Indians were heading for the coast, so they immediately struck out for beach, intending to get on the beach before them and lay and watch for them. They struck the beach about six miles below Big Flat, then traveled up beach and discovered the Indians camped on the Big Flat. The Indians kept a guard out al day, and it was almost impossible to get within gunshot without giving the alarm. They concealed themselves in the high grass and weeds, watching the movements of the Indians. At about 5 o'clock in the morning of the 28th they started down the beaIndians kept half a mile ahead of the rest, keeping a good lookout on all sides, but they did not discover us until it was too late to beat a retreat. They commenced shooting arrows at us as soon as they saw us, but they did not last very long, for a well-directed ball from our rifles at each one of them sent them to their happy hunting ground and made good Indians of them. There were ten in number, four bucks and six squaws. Two bucks and six squaws succeeded in making good their escape, and the other two bucks are lying on the beach, food for bears. We should have got them all had they been all together. When the others heard the report of our rifles they took to flight and got away from us. These are the gun-party of Indians that have been committing so many depredations in this part of the country. May 30, the same party of men are out again in search of the remainder of these guilty Indians, and I hope in my next report to be able to report the Mattole country free from all hostile Indians.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. FRAZIER,

Second Lieutenant Company E, First Battalion Mountaineers,

Commanding Detachment.

June 1, 1864, sent Corporal Riding with three men to scout the country on the waters of Salmon and Bull Creeks. Sent three other men the same day down the coast, each party taking with them five days' rations. I also started for Camp Grant on the same day, taking with me two men, Sergeant Byrnes and Granville Hill, to be examined by the doctor. They were found to be sick, and were left in his charge as

