
but belongs to Mr. Cline. I do not consider that Mr. Cline can be trusted. October 3, left Cline's at 6 a. m., and after marching twenty six miles over a rough, hilly road arrived at Temescal about 6 p. m. At Temescal there is good water, wood, and some grass. October 4, left Temescal about 6. 30 a. m. ; marched three miles to Greenwade's; halted for half an hour. Mr. Greenwade is a rank secessionist. There is plenty of wood and water at this place, and I think a better camp than Temescal. From Greenwade's we marched about one mile, and then taking the righthand road, crossed a level plain of about nineteen miles to Mr. Rubidore's ranch, where we found wood and water plenty and some little grass. We reached Rubidore's about 6 p. m. There is no water on the road from Greenwade's for nearly twenty miles. October5, left Rubidore's at 6 a. m. ; in an hour's rapid march crossed the Santa Ana River. Marched about thirteen miles to this place, where we arrived at 11. 30 a. m. Please find inclosed a rough sketch* of our march; also one of Temecula Ranch, which may be useful for future reference.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS E. TURNER,

Second Lieutenant, Fourth Infantry, Commanding Company D.

Major W. S. KETCHUM,

Commanding Fourth Regiment of Infty., Camp near sant Bernardino, Cal.

NOVEMBER 20-29, 1861. -Pursuit and Capture of the Showalter Party at Warner's Ranch in the San Jose Valley, Cal.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Brigadier General George Wright, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Pacific.

Numbers 2. -Major Edwin A. Rigg, First California Infantry.

Numbers 3. -Captain Henry A. Greene, First California Infantry.

Numbers 4. -Lieutenant Chauncey R. Wellman, First California Cavalry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Brigadier General George Wright, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Pacific.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 10, 1861.

GENERAL: For several weeks past small parties have bene organizing in the Southern District of this State, with the avowed purpose of proceeding to Texas to aid the rebels. The enable me to frustate their designs I have seized all the boats and ferries on the Colorado River, and have them strongly guarded. I have re-enforced Fort Yuma with two more companies, one of infantry and one of cavalry; also with two 12-pounder brass canon. Major Rigg, First Caifornia Volunteer Infantry, commnding U. S. troops near Warner's ranch, on the border of the desert between that place and Fort Yuma, has arrested a man by the name of Showalter, a notorious secessionist, and his party of seventeen men. I have ordered the whole party to be taken to Fort Yuma and held securely guarded until further orders. I have given positive orders that no person shall be permitted to pass beyond Yuma or cross

---------------

*See p. 31.

---------------

