
per orders. I called on Captain Simpson for ten men. The order being filled, I started back for Camp Mattole June 4 and arrived on the 6th, then having nineteen men in my command. On the 8th sent out sixteen men in five separate parties to search the country from this camp to Spanish Ranch. The Indians had shot at one of my men on the 5th near camp while looking after the mules, and run off in the direction of Spanish Ranch. One of the parties followed the tracks of the Indians to Spanish Ranch. Their rations being almost gone, they left the trail at that point and returned on the 11th. The other scouts all returned on the same day, neither party having fallen in with the Indians. A detailed account of each one of those five small parties would fill so much space I only assure you that, according to their reports, they all did their duty. June 12, I moved camp about two miles up the river for convenience to grass for the mules. June 13, I sent out sixteen men with five days' rations, in three separate parties. They are to scout the country between this camp and Bear Harbor. They are to trail in abreast of each other between the Mattole River and the coast to White Thorn Valley, there to meet and report to Sergeant Harris. At that point I sent supplies to meet the parties. Dispatched three men on the 14th with one mule packed with supplies for them.

W. W. FRAZIERant, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Detachment on Mattole.

Numbers 18.

Report of Lieutenant Thomas Middleton, First Battalion California Mountaineers.

CAMP AT BURNT RANCH, TRINITY COUNTY, CAL.,

June 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in obedience to Company Orders, Numbers 7, I left camp at Burnt Ranch with twenty-five men with ten days' rations and a train of five mules 7 a. m. May 30, traveling in a southeasterly direction toward the mouth of Grouse Creek. I halted the detachment on the mountain between South Fork and Trinity, and with Sergeant Eastman I went down the mountain to a point which overlooked the river. Could see nothing indicating the presence of Indians. Returned to detachment and proceeded up the ridge on the east side of South Fork, halting at Camp Numbers 1 6 a. m. This camp was situated two miles above the mouth of Grouse Creek, one mile from South Fork, and fifteen miles from Burnt Ranch. On the morning of May 31 I sent Sergeant Eastman with six men to the mouth of Grouse Creek, and with four men I proceeded to the South Fork, opposite camp. Neither party were able to find fresh sign of Indians. Left Camp Numbers 1 with my command 1 p. m. and proceeded up the east bank of the river five miles. Crossed to the west side; proceeded up the west bank one mile and halted at Camp Numbers 2 5 p. m. This camp was situated on the South Fork four miles below Hyampom. June 1 I proceeded with Sergeant Ipson and four men to Hyampom for the purpose of gaining information of the whereabouts of Indians supposed to be in that neighborhood. Found stopping at this place four white men and two squaws. They had seen no Indians, but supposed there were some on Grouse Creek. I returned to camp 3 p. m. During my

