
absence Corporals Dillahanty and Downer, with small parties, had been out scouting, but discovered to show the late presence of Indians. June 2, with my command left Camp No. 2 6 a. m. for Forks of Grouse Creek. Crossed the East Fork at its mouth, and proceeding up the dividing ridge between the Middle and East Forks five miles, halted at Camp No. 3, on the Middle Branch, 1 p. m. Distance from Camp No. 2, twelve miles. A scouting party in command of Sergeant Ipson sent from this camp 3 p. m. reported t old Indian sign had been found up the Middle Fork. June 3, left Camp, No. 3 5 a. m. ; proceeded up to divide between the Middle and North Forks, a distance of five miles, and halted at Camp No. 4 8 a. m. Ordered Sergeant Eastman with ten men to follow the Indian sign found yesterday, and with two men I proceeded around the head of North Fork for the purpose of finding open country through which the train could be taken to the South Fork of Thirty River. Found the ground so broken and bushy that it would have been impossible to proceed with the mules in this direction. Sergeant Eastman reported 7 a. m. that he had followed the Indian trail until it branched in different directions, some going toward Redwood and others toward South Fork. June 4, ordered Sergeant Ipson with nine men with pack train to proceed by the most practical route to Burnt Ranch. With fifteen men with two days' rations I left Camp No. 4 at 7 a. m., crossing the country in direction of mouth of South Fork. Arrived at Camp No. 5 at 5 p. m. This camp was situated two miles west of South Fork of Thirty River and twenty miles from Camp No. 4. June 5, left Camp No. 5 at 4 a. m. Crossed South Fork at 5 a. m. ; halted and sent parties up and down the river, who reported no sign found. Left the river 8 o'clock and arrived at Burnt Ranch 11 a. m. Traveled this day ten miles. June 6, Sergeant Ipson reported that June 4 he proceeded with his command to the South Fork, three miles above the mouth of Grouse Creek, and camped; distance traveled, twelve miles. June 5, crossed the South Fork and camped this night three miles from the summit of the mountain between South Fork and Trinity River. June 4, arrived at Burnt Ranch 7 a. m.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS MIDDLETON,

Second Lieutenant Company C, First Battalion of Mountaineers, California Volunteers, Commanding Detachment.

Captain ABRAHAM MILLER,

First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, Commanding Company C and Camp at Burnt Ranch, Cal.

No. 19.

Report of Lieutenant Leonard C. Beckwith, First Battalion California Mountaineers.

FORT GASTON, CAL., June 15, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Post Orders, No. 158, June 2, 1864, directing me to proceed to Redwood and induce the Redwood and Grouse Creek Indians to come, in I left Fort Gaston, Cal., June 3, 1864, in command of Sergeant Nease and eight privates of Company A, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, accompanied by three Indians, Big Jim, Serenaltin John, and Dick, with five pack-mules for transportation, and proceeded to Three Creek and camped. Distance marched,

