
twelve miles. Left Three Creek June 4 at 6. 30 a. m. Marched to Redwood and camped, distance twelve miles, nothing unusual having occurred. June 5, sent out Private Blaynay, and Indians Jim and John up Redwood, with instructions to induce all Indians they might find to come in. They returned at 10 a. m., having marched twelve miles; had not seen any Indians, but found where they had camped the day before. I then ordered the mules packed, and left en route for Hempfield's upper ranch, at which point we arrived at 6 p. m. Distance marched, twenty-three miles. Next morning, June 6, we packed the mules and proceeded down the mountain to Mad River, thinking that the Indians we were in search of had gone in that direction; but not finding any sign of them, returned up the mountain again and camped at Thief Camp. Distance marched, twenty-five miles. At 5 o'clock June 7 I dispatched Indian John to Hoopa Valley for a Redwood Indian, and sent Private Blaynay and Indian Jim on a scout on Boulder Creek. At 11 a. m. Lieutenant K. Geer, of Company A, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, in command of ten enlisted men of the same company, and Company G, Sixth Infantry California volunteers, joined camp. He also had with him Indian Bailly, from Eel River Valley. 4 p. m. scout returned from Boulder Creek. Found no Indians. Distance marched, twelve miles. June 8, sent out two scouts, one down Maple Creek to Mad River, and one down Boulder Creek, who returned at 5 p. m. without meeting with any success. Distance each scout marched, fifteen miles. June 9, at 6 a. m. ordered mules packed and left en route for Redwood (accompanied by Lieutenant Geer, two privates of his command, and Indian Billy), at which place we arrived at 3 p. m., and camped near the place we camped June 4. Distance marched, twenty miles. At 6 p. m. Indian John returned from Hoopa, having with him Redwood Indian Ceazer. June 10, at 5 a. m. sent out Indians John and Billy to scout up Redwood. At 6. 30 a. m. ordered mules packed, and left in the direction the scout had gone. Camped at 4 o'clock near the head of Redwood. Distance marched, fifteen miles. At 7 p. m. the Indian scouts John and Billy joined camp, and reported that they had found and talked with the Indians they were in search of. June 11, at 5 a. m. Indians Billy and John left to meet the Indians they had talked with the day previous, as per agreement, and guide them into camp. I ordered mules packed and proceeded down Redwood fifteen miles and up the mountain five miles, and camped at 4 p. m. at Pardee's old ranch. Total distance traveled, twenty miles. At 6 p. m. Indian scout joined camp. They brought with them four of the Redwood Indians, who said they were anxious to quit fighting and come to Hoopa Valley and remain. June 12, at 7 a. m. Lieutenant Geer and two command left camp to join remainder of command at Thief Creek, Indian Billy remaining with me. At 8 a. m. I left camp in company with Indians Billy and John and the four Redwoods, who remained in camp all night. We proceeded down the east side of Redwood Mountain about three miles, where we found the Indian camp, consisting of nine male adults and eleven squaws and children. They talked very freely, and appeared very anxious to come in and live peaceably. I made an agreement with them to meet me next day on the mountain and accompany me to Fort Gibson. After remaining three hours I returned to camp, Indians Billy and John accompanying me. Distance marched, six miles. June 13, at 7 a. m. ordered mules packed and left en route for Fort Gaston. Dispatched Indians John and Ceazer to the Indian camp to direct them where to meet me. They joined command about

