
three miles en route. The whole number being present, twenty in all, we proceeded to Three Creeks and camped. Distance marched, ten miles. Left June 14 at 6 a. m. for Fort Gaston, at which point we arrived at 12. 30 a. m. Distance marched, twelve miles. Command all well and Indians all present. Total number of miles marched, 197.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. C. BECKWITH,

Second Lieutenant Co. A, First Batt. Mountaineers, California Vols.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth Infantry California Volunteers,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Humboldt, Cal.

No. 20.

Report of Sergt. John S. Hughes, Company B, First Battalion California Mountaineers.

CAMP ANDERSON, CAL., May 25, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to Post Order, No. 7, I left this place May 18, 1864, with twenty-four men, to scout in what is know at the Bald Hill country. On the night of the 18th we camped in the timber in the vicinity of Oak Camp. on the Klamath trail, having marched to said camp after dark. Posted lookouts on all the prominent points to remain the following day; also scouted in various directions. Found sign near Coyote Camp of Indians traveling in the direction of Elk Camp. On the night of the 19th moved camp to Neal Hill's ranch, a march of fifteen miles; put out guard. After daylight guard discovered Indians, six in number, traveling the trail which led directly through our camp. We allowed them to come into camp, when we closed around them, giving them no chance whatever to escape us, when with great trepidation they exhibited a pass from Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple, giving them permission to visit the Redwood Indians to induce them to come in and be peaceable. Of course I allowed them to pass, and, watching them through a glass for some distance, noticed that two of their number left them, I suppose for the purpose of apprising other Indians of our approach. On the 22nd marched to Elk Camp, about six miles farther, and camped for the night. Scouted in that section; found considerable fresh sign, but no Indians. Being satisfied the Indians had learned of our approach, knew it was useless to hunt them; then started for this camp. Arrived on May 24, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. HUGHES,

1st Sergt. Company B, 1st Batt. Mountaineers, California Vols.

Major W. S. R. TAYLOR,

1st Batt. Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Camp Anderson.

No. 21.

Report of Sergt. Richard B. Harris, Company F, First Battalion California Mountaineers.

CAMP GRANT, June 2, 1864.

Left Camp Grant April 13, 1864, marched ten miles and camped. April 14, marched fourteen miles and camped at Fleming's ranch, on

