
Dobyn's Creek. April 15, stayed in camp waiting for a guide. April 16, left camp, Stephen Fleming as guide and two other citizens attached to the party, making the number of men ten; marched ten miles and camped. April 17, left camp and marched to the forks of the Van Dusen Creek, and camped; distance marched five miles; took with me two citizens and prospected the country for Indian signs, but found none. April 18, left camp early in the morning and traveled up the north fork of the Van Dusen, and camped on the same; distance marched, ten miles; scouted in the afternoon on the headwaters of Mad River for Indian signs, but found no fresh signs. April 19, scouted on the headwaters of the Van Dusen and Mad Rivers; distance marched, thirteen miles. April 20, crossed over the dividing ridge to Mad River; our march was up Mad River; distance marched, fifteen miles; This evening we found fresh signs of Indians about four miles below the Kettenshaw trail. April 21, moved at sunrise in pursuit of Indians, and trailed them over to the South Fork of Trinity River; distance marched, fourteen miles. April 22, at daylight this morning we were up and after them; we trailed them across the South Fork of Trinity, a distance of about thirty-five miles. April 23, still on their trail; went in the direction of Hay Fork of Trinity River; we trailed them to Mr. Rodger's house in Hay Fork, where we learned they had robbed his house of two rifles and some blankets; Indians twenty-six hours ahead of us; distance marched, twenty-five miles. April 24, camped for the day in Hay Fork to rest and get supplies. April 25, being re-enforced at Hay Fork by three citizens and four domesticated Indians, our force now numbered seventeen men. A citizen reported being shot at by Indians, we started in pursuit and scouted through the Hay Fork country, and returned to our camp at Rodgers' house to-night; distance traveled, thirty miles. April 26, took their trail from Rodgers' house and trailed them back again to South Fork of Trinity River; distance marched, twenty miles. April 27, started on their trail down the South Fork of Trinity River; to day we captured a squaw, but she being too old to travel with the party we left her; she informed us that the Indians we were after had gone over to join a party of Indians that had forty rifles; we camped on the river; distance marched, fifteen miles. April 28, still on their trail from Trinity River across the mountain to Mad River; distance marched, fifteen miles. April 29, scouting all day on South Fork Mountain, as the rain had put out all signs of the Indians; distance marched, about ten miles. April 30, scouting as previous day; distance, about fifteen miles.

May 1, found the Indian trail and followed it to the low gap in the South Fork Mountain, and then to Mad River; distance marched, about seventeen miles. May 2, started at daylight on trail, following them to the north side of Trinity Mountain into a heavy-timbered country; found where they had camped two days ahead of us; we lost their trail in the timber, and the party camped; distance marched, twelve miles. May 3, rained all day; bushes wet; did not move. May 4, divided my party and scouted through the timber; distance marched, fourteen miles. May 5, rained and snowed all day; laid over on the South Fork of Trinity River. May 6, struck trail and followed them up to the South Fork Mountain; distance, marched, about ten miles. May 7, lost the trail in timber; marched to the old Kettenshaw trail and camped; distance, fifteen miles. May 8, scouting for the Indian trail; distance marched, twenty-two miles. May 9, scouting up Mad River; no sign; distance marched, fourteen miles. May

