
10, scouting all day from Mad River back to South Fork of Trinity River; distance marched, eighteen miles; camped on Mad River. May 11, scouting on headwaters of the Van Dusen River; marched twelve miles and returned to camp on Mad River. May 12, moved camp to the low gap in the Van Dusen Mountain, and scouted over on the South Fork of Trinity River and found the fresh trail of the Indians; distance traveled, about twenty-five miles; and returned to camp. May 13, rain; did not move. May 14, trailed the Indians down the South Fork of Trinity; distance, fifteen miles; we received to-day and addition of four domesticated Indians, which made our force twenty-one. May 15, on the trail running down the South Fork of Trinity; distance marched, fifteen miles. May 16, following the trail down the South Fork of Trinity; distance marched, fourteen miles. May 17, still in pursuit of same band of Indians, trailing them by Haympom Valley, up the South Fork Mountain and camped near the summit; distance marched, fourteen miles.

May 18, still in pursuit trailing down the mountain on to Pilot Creek; distance marched, seventeen miles. May 19, trailed up Pilot Creek fifteen miles and camped at the crossing of the Haympom trail; to-day two citizens and three of the Indians left us and returned home. May 20, being out of provisions and close on the Indians, who had become numerous, we left the party secreted in camp with orders to lay still under cover, so as not to be spied by the Indians; we went to Fort Iaqua for provisions and men; Major Wright furnished us with fifteen days' provisions and a detachment of thirty men; we returned to camp same night; distance marched from Iaqua, twenty-five miles. May 21, in camp preparing rations until 2 p. m. ; started and struck the trail, following in the direction of Grouse Creek; distance marched, seven miles. May 22, trailed the Indians to the dividing ridge between Pilot and Grouse Creek; discovered the smoke from their fires about ten miles from us; laid under cover until about 1 a. m. on the morning of the 23d, and started for their ranch; we came up to them about sunrise; saw one white man with the Indians; through at first sight it was a soldiers' camp, as the white man was dressed in soldiers' clothes; the white man and one Indian appeared to be on guard; after we had discovered the white man and Indian we secreted ourselves to watch their movements; the white man and Indian left their post and went in the direction of the ranch; we then discovered our mistake, as they had seen us and gave the alarm, but before they had time to move anything or prepare to give battle we charged them, and was in the ranch among them before they could get out. We killed nine Indians and wounded many others; we took two women and two children (Indians) prisoners, capturing three rifles, one horse and saddle, and all their camp equipage. The prisoners, and the rifles, and the horse and saddle were turned over to Lieutenant Geer, of Company A, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers. We returned to camp, at the crossing of Pilot Creek, the same evening.

May 24, broke camp and started for Camp Grant. We captured two deserters from the Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, on the top of the mountain between Pilot Creek and Mad River; deserters turned over to Lieutenant Hackett, of Sixth Infantry California Volunteers; distance marched, twenty miles. May 25, camped on Van Dusen, at the McAtee crossing; distance marched, fourteen miles. May 26, left camp on Van Dusen and marched sixteen miles, and camped at Fleming's ranch. May 27, stayed in camp to rest. May 28, still in camp. May 29, marched nine miles and camped on20 R R-VOL L, PT I

