
ridge between Larrabee's Creek and main Eel River. May 30, marched sixteen miles and arrived at Camp Grant at 6 p. m. The entire distance marched from the 13th day of April to the 30th day of May was about 600 miles, mostly over a very rough and mountainous country. We had been nearly constant on the trail of the same band of armed Indians. The Indians robbed one citizen's house and killed one citizen while we were on their trail. They were never more than two days ahead of us from the 20th of April, the time we struck their trail, until we found them, the 23rd day of May. Their camp EQUIPAGE was all destroyed.

R. B. HARRIS,

Sergeant, Company E, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, Commanding Detachment.

ADDENDA.

CAMP IAQUA, CAL., June 15, 1864.

Major THOMAS F. WRIGHT,

Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post:

SIR: At your request I have read to report of the scout of Sergeant Harris, Company E, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, and would most respectfully call your attention to May 20, when I left this post in command of thirty enlisted men of your command, accompanied by Lieutenant Hackett and Lieutenant Hutton of the Sixth Infantry. Sergeant Harris did nothing more than any other enlisted man of the detachment. He did not turn over any property to me expect a German rifle, it being all of the property that he captured. The deserters were taken by Lieutenant J. P. Hackett, whom I brought in and turned over to you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GEER,

First Lieutenant, First Battalion Mountaineers.

CAMP IAQUA, CAL., June 15, 1864.

Major THOMAS F. WRIGHT,

Sixth Infantry, California Volunteers,

Commanding Battalion Sixth Infantry California, Vols.:

SIR: At your request I have read the report of the scout of Sergeant Harris, Company E, First Battalion Mountaineers, and would most respectfully call your attention to May 12, when he moved camp to the low gap in the Van Dusen Mountains, and to my report that I made to you on the same month. I there stated that a portion of my scout under the command of Sergeant Holt, Company G, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, encamped at the low gap, where I joined them on the 13th instant (there was not at that time any signs of a scout having been there). I also reported that when I arrived they reported to me of having seen five bucks examining their tracks on the 13th on the Mad River side of the low gap. Harris and Fleming stated to you personally in my presence that it was then, and yet in his report says, May 13, "Rain; did not move. " I also stated in the same report that on Sunday, the 15th, I sent some men up the Van Dusen about 6 miles, and upon the devils, where they discovered the Indians down on Mad River. Fleming and Sergeant Harris stated to

