
you that it was their party, and yet in his report he says, May 15, "On the trails running down the South Fork of the Trinity," which is on the order side of the summit of the South Fork Mountains, and at least 30 miles from where I stated to them we had seen the Indians.

In regard to the latter portion of his report, which dates from the evening of the 20th, when we left this post with thirty enlisted men and three commissioned officers of your command (Lieutenant Geeer in command of the detachment), Sergeant Harris did nothing more than any other enlisted men of the detachment. He did not turn over any property to Lieutenant Geer, for he did not capture any (excepting one German rifle). He did not turn over d me, nor do I know whether he was present when the deserters (that he speaks of) were arrested, although he might have been.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. HACKETT,

First Lieutenant Company G, Sixth Infantry California Vols.

FEBRUARY 16-23, 1864. - Expedition from Fort Walla Walla to Snake River, Wash, Ter.

Report of Captain George B. Currey, First Oregon Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., February 25, 1864.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: Herewith inclosed I have the honor to transmit the report of Captain George B. Currey, First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, of an expedition made by him from this post with two companies of his regiment. The occasion for this movement has been already reported to the general commanding the district. The command returned to this post on the 23rd instant, the expedition proving a complete success. The Indian prisoners referred to in Captain Currey's report are now in confinement in the guard-house at this post. He also brought in with him the two citizens whose property was destroyed by the Indians. I have to request that instructions may be sent me as to the disposition to be made both of the prisoners and witnesses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. ENGLISH,

Lieutenant Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding Post.

FORT WALLA WALLA, WASH. TER., February 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in accordance with the plan of operations laid down in my letter of the 15th instant I started with a command of fifty-nine enlisted men from Companies A and E, First Oregon Cavalry, on the morning of the 16th instant. On the afternoon of the second day's march I arrived at the Palouse Crossing of Snake River. It was 4 p. m. of the third day before the command got to the north side of the river. Fearing the Palouse Indians would convey intelligence of my movements to the band I was in quest of, I gave out that I was en route for Colville, and as soon as it was fairly dark and all the Indians had left camp I took up the march and moved

