
the number of the enemy, which he estimates at 150, possibly twice that number. Two soldiers and one citizen are missing, supposed to have been cut off from the main body. The party reached their camp on the South Fork of John Day's River on the 16th of April, and learned that on the 31st of March a party of Indians had attacked the guard, overpowered it, and captured all the animals left at camp - seven horses and one mule. Lieutenant Waymire was sent to protect the communication to Canyon City at a date too early for want of grass for a large command to start. He has converted his humble task into a regular campaign into the Indian country, thus anticipating the operations which are confided to Captains Drake and Currey. However, he has procured important information, and evidently he and his men behaved with great coolness and gallantry. I thus easily forgive him for his adventurous trip, which far exceeded the programme intended for him, though we cout the loss of two excellent men captured by the enemy when detached on a reconnaissance. I have directed Captain Currey, if he shall deem it advisable, to cause Captain Drake to join him and assume command of the whole. They are directed to be governed by events whether a junction shall be effected. Colonel Maury reports that he thinks each force is large enough for the duty assigned it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.

No. 2.

Report of Lieutenant James A. Waymire, First Oregon Cavalry.

CAMP LINCOLN, South Fort John Day's River, Oreg., April 17, 1864.

SIR: For the information of the general commanding the district I have the honor to submit the following report of events which have transpired in this vicinity since my arrival:

With fifteen men of the cavalry detachment under my command I reached Canyon City on the 19th of March last and learned that a few days previous about forty animals (mules and horses) had been stolen from Mr. Davis' ranch, two miles below the town, and driven off into the mountains to the southeast. Mr. Davis, with about thirty men, was in pursuit of them, with a few days' supplies. Deeming it inexpedient to follow before the already out could be heard from, I returned to camp, leaving word in town that I should hold myself in readiness to march in pursuit of the marauders on receiving satisfactory information that there was a probability of effecting anything. A messenger informed me on the 22nd that Mr. Davis had returned for provisions and re-enforcements, having tracked the animals to the vicinity of Harney Lake, where they had seen much Indian signs, and where twenty of the pursuing party were encamped awaiting supplies. I was further advised that a party of thirty men, with plenty of provisions and transportation, would to out immediately to assist in carrying on the pursuit. I immediately wrote the chief of the party, recommending that the men be thoroughly organized, and requesting that a guide should be sent

