
and delivered a few well-directed volleys, which pushed the horsemen rapidly back to the right and left, unmasking the footmen in ambush, who kept up an incessant fire, which, from their position and excitement, proved harmless, nearly all balls passing overhead. The enemy's horse now made a dash our right, intending to cut off our horses and surround us. A change of direction to the right, a rapid movement by the right flank with continued firing from the line, forced them back, when both parties assumed their original positions. A series of similar movements followed until a half hour had passed, when a party of citizens, about twenty-five strong, had gathered on the plain below. I dispatched a messenger for fifteen mounted men. A few minutes afterward Lieutenant Bernon informed me that he had tried in vain to rally the men. The enemy, continually receiving re-enforcements, was rapidly gaining my right flank. Ordering the horses to the plain and covering them with the skirmishers, I retired to the plain and formed in line mounted diagonal to the Willow Gulch. The citizen volunteers rallying formed on the left. Captain Miller, whose attention had been drawn to one of his men who had been slightly wounded by the first shot fired, came forward and assisted in preparing for the charge. The mounted warriors, emboldened by their success, advanced to the plain, and with loud yells kept up an irregular fire. At 11. 45 the full line moved forward at the charge. The Indian horseman held their ground stubbornly, firing without intermission. As be approached they rushed their horses to the right and left rapidly, firing their revolvers. Reaching the brow of the sage ridge the enemy's horse unmasked the concealed riflemen, who greeted us with a heavy fire. Some confusion followed, a few files on the left gave way, and the line fell back to its original position. Ordering preparations for a second charge all were ready at 12. 15. This charge I intended should be led by the saber and followed up with the rifles and pistols of the citizen volunteers. Just before moving forward Captain Miller informed me that this was not his way of fighting Indians and that his men must fall back to the Willow Gulch. Accordingly the left began falling back and I ordered the retreat firing. Reaching the guch preparations were made to fight on foot. With the cavalry and several citizen volunteers I regained the edge of the brush and re-engaged the enemy's horseman, who were slowly advancing with loud yells and continued firing. Hearing firing in rear I discovered that many of the men from the left had continued the retreat toward a rocky sage hill half a mile to the east, that the wounded man had been taken to that place in charge of a physician and six men, and that the enemy had gained the left flank of the retreating line. Ordering the retreat and throwing out skirmishers, moving slowly and in order, the command was withdrawn to the sage hill. This hill has three benches, or points, the middle and highest one commanding both the others, which are within easy rifle range. The wounded man had been taken to the point south of the middle one, and as we approached it a party of the enemy's horseman attempted to gain the high point. I dispatched Corporal Miyers and five men to secure the point. A brisk race over the sage plain and up the rocky hillside followed, in which the Indians were beaten and the point gained against them. The Indian horseman and a few footmen followed keeping out of range of our guns form the hilltop.

At 2 o'clock seeing that the enemy's horse were fresh and ours already nearly worn out, very greatly outnumbering us as they were and as well armed, a retreat to camp was resolved upon. This was

