
about twenty miles from our camp by our outward route. Accordingly skirmishers were thrown out front and rear, and the command retired in perfect order across the sage plain to the large alkali plain which at some seasons of the year is the bottom of a lake about fifteen miles long by six wide, and at this time a hard level plain of that extent. Parties of the enemy followed, harassing us from the gulches and low ridges. On the plain we had the advantage of them and they ceased following, a body of horsemen thirty-seven strong passing our left for the front. Thinking they would either our camp or lay in ambush for us, I moved forward my detachment at the gallop, and gaining the northern terminus of the plain twelve miles in advance, in line of skirmishers scoured the brush and grass to camp, which I reached to find everything secure.

Late at night the remainder of the command arrived. The day's operations resulted in discovering the nature and strength of the enemy and his home. One man was slightly wounded in the breast. In the first charge one of the cavalry horses was wounded in the jaw, but not seriously. Several horses belonging to the citizen volunteers gave out and were left. As the enemy held his ground it is impossible to ascertain his loss. Two horses and five warriors were seen to fall, either killed or seriously wounded. At night Sergeant Casteel's party had not made their appearance. Crossing the valley one of the men who was taking the measles became too sick to travel and returned to camp. On the morning of the 8th with a party of fourteen men on foot I went out in search of the missing men. Found their tracks across the valley near the supposed smoke (which was only steam from a warm spring), traced them back to our route, and on the pass leading into the second valley, where I supposed they had been waylaid and cut off. Deploying to the right and left of the road (it was dark when we reached the place) we searched the ridge and the plain beyond, but could find no sign of them. Returning we reached camp after 2 o'clock in the morning of the 9th and waited until night for them, when we began the homeward march, being now on half rations. We were unmolested returning, and by forced marches reached Canyon City on the 15th instant, where we were very cordially received and very kindly treated by the citizens. On the following day we reached camp at this place. Our expedition has occupied twenty-four days. During the first thirteen days we had a snow-storm every twenty-four hours. The road in many was almost impassable. The grass has just begun to grow, and will not be good in the those mountains before the middle of May. I think we fought no less thatn 150 Indians on the 7th instant; possibly twice that number. They have a great deal of stock in that country, and may be several hundred strong. A few good howitzers would be very useful with a command in that region. I cannot refrain for mentioning to the general the noble conduct of the men whom I have had the honor to command in action. They were constantly self-possessed, and as prompt in the execution of commands as on ordinary drill. Without a murmur they have endured all the hardships and privations of the expedition. Hospital Steward Henry Catley accompanied me with medical stores, and has been efficient in rendering very valuable service in his department. On returning to Camp Lincoln I learned that the Indians have been quite active in their thieving career, notwithstanding our presence in their own country. On the 31st of March, about 3 p. m., they made a dash from the junipers, where they had been concealed watching our horses near camp, upon the guard of the herd, driving off the entire head - seven horses and one mule. They were mounted and armed. They were followed several miles into the

