
mountains, but without success. A party of Indians drove off twenty-three animals from a station twelve miles above Canyon City on the morning of the 14th issued. Pursuing them the owners recaptured twenty of them. Some of the Indians are reported to have been killed. Two of the white men - Overtoon and Wilson - were killed, one of them on the ground, and the other, being seriously wounded, did soon after in Canyon City. About a week two horses were stolen from Mr. Officer's ranch near camp and several head of cattle killed. No news from Sergeant Castgeel has yet reached me. His party was undoubtedly surprised, separated, and killed. There were with him Privates Cyrus R. Ingraham and John Himbert and a citizen, George N. Jaquith, who was acting under my immediate command, and who is possessed of considerable property near Canyon City. His people reside in Wisconsin. It is with pain that I am obliged to state, in justice to myself and command, that our defeat on the 7th instant is due to the want of organization under an efficient commander on the part of the citizen volunteers. Although the stolen animals could not have been recovered with our jaded horses, from my first position, with thirty cavalry (instead of the eleven that were there), the Indians could have been routed and severely punished.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

J. A. WAYMIRE,

Second Lieutenant, First Oregon Volunteers,

Commanding Detachment Company D, First Oregon Cavalry.

First. Lieutenant J. W. HOPKINS,]

First Oregon Cavalry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 20 - OCTOBER 26, 1864. - Expedition from Fort Dalles, Oreg., and Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., to Southeastern Oregon, with skirmishes.

REPORTS.

No. 1. - Brigadier General Benjamin Alvord, U. S. Army commanding District of Oregon.

No. 2. - Captain George B. Currey, First Oregon Cavalry, commanding expedition.

No. 3. - Captain Edward Barry, First Washington Territory Infantry, of operations August 16 - 18.

No. 4. - Captain John M. Drake, First Oregon Cavalry, commanding expedition from Fort Dalles.

No. 5. - Lieutenant John M. McCall, First Oregon Cavalry, of operations May 17-19.

No. 6. - Captain William V. Rinchart, First Oregon Cavalry, of operations June 14-16.

No. 7. - Captain Richard S. Caldwell First Oregon Cavalry, of operations July 3-16.

No. 8. - Lieutenant James A. Waymire, First Oregon Cavalry, of operations July 6-8.

No. 9. - Lieutenant John F. Noble, First Oregon Cavalry, of operations August 7-16.

No. 1.

Report of Brigadier General Benjamin Alvord, U. S. Army, commanding District of Oregon.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, June 16, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington City:

SIR: Inclosed herewith I have the honor to forward for the consideration of the Department, a communication dated June 1, 1864, from

