
Brigadier General B. Alvord, commanding the District of Oregon with two inclosures, giving the particulars of a fight with Snake Indians.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 1, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith to inclose to you, for the information of the general commanding, a copy of the report of the 20th instant of Captain John M. Drake, First Oregon Cavalry, commanding an expedition into the Snake country; also a copy of Lieutenant J. M. McCall's report accompanying the same. They give the particulars of a fight between a small detachment of his command under Lieutenant McCall and some Snake Indians on the 18th instant [ultimo] at a point about 170 miles south southeast from Fort Dalles. It resulted in the death of a gallant and very valuable officer, Second Lieutenant Stephen Watson, of the First Oregon Cavalry, and two men. Fifty head of horses and their saddles (all that the Indians had) were captured; their lodges, provisions, &amp;c., were destroyed. The attack was made at daylight. At 6 o'clock Lieutenant McCall sent to Captain Drake for re-enforcements. In three hours, at 9 a. m., Captain Drake was there, but in the meantime the enemy had fled. I suppose that Lieutenant McCall considered that he had a fair chance to capture the whole gant if they would hold on until Captain Drake arrived. Captain Drake reports that he shall make near his last encampment his wagon depot, whence his eight wagons will run to

Fort Dalles for supplies. He intended to remain there eleven days, scouting through the whole neighborhood for the Snakes. At the end of that time he would start for Harney Lake. By my Special Orders, No. 70, of the 6th May, I directed that the command of Captain Drake "will proceed to the northeastern end of Harney Lake and effect a junction with the force of Captain Currey, First Oregon Cavalry, who will command the whole force. Captain Currey will decide who the two commands shall again separate. " I issued this order on the reception of a memorial from the people of Canyon City directed to the Governor of Oregon, praving for the calling out of temporary volunteers from that vicinity, as the memorialist considered the troops, too small in numbers. The junction of the two commands certainly to suffice. I had desired each command to act separately, if possible, traversing distinct parts of that mineral region. Captain Currey will doubtless be able to let them separate for a large share of the summer. Both commands, you are aware, are ordered to remain in the field until the middle of October. Each has 100 pack-mules, which will carry near sixty days' rations, so that they are prepared and equipped for efficient service. The friendly Indians have already done service to Captain Drake as scouts. Captain Currey has with him Houlish Wampo (head chief of the Cayuse) and a dozen Indians of long-continued enmity to the Snakes, and who will assist in ferreting them out.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.

