
the Colorado River without my special permit; also that all persons approaching the frontier of the State shall be arrested and held in confinement, unless satisfactory evidence is produced of their fidelity to the Union. The time has arrived when individual rights must give way, and I shall not hesitate to adopt the most stringent measures to crush any attempt at rebellion within this department. I will not permit our Gorvernment and institutions to be assailed by word or deed without promptly suppressing it by the strong arm of power, feeling assured that I shall be sustained by my Government and receive the cordial support of every patriotic citizens on this coast.

Hoping that what I have done or propose to do may be approved by the General-in-Chief and Secretary of War, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Please inform General Wright that his course is fully approved.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

Numbers 2.

Reports of Major Edwin A. Rigg, First California Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., December 3, 1861.

Colonel CARLETON,

First Infantry California Volunteers, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward herewith copies of two letters received to-night from Major Rigg, from which you will see that the major has captured Showalter and his entire party. Major Fergusson goes out to Camp Wright in the morning without waiting for the train. The moment that Major Rigg's detailed account of the affair reaches me I will send to you and to headquarters an official account of it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] CAMP WRIGHT, Oak Grove, November 30, 1861.

LIEUTENANT: I have written to Colonel Carleton informing him of the capture by my command of Showalter's party, cnsisting of eighteen men, all well armed. I have them now prisoners at this camp. They were taken on a trail leading from Temecula to san Jose Valley, at John Winter's ranch. Iwill forward to him a detailed account of the whole affair by an express to-morrow. I will have them all examined by that time. They were taken at daylight on the morning of the 29th. If Colonel Carleton has left for San Francisco you had better telegraph

