
Company D I threw across the canon up the cliff, with orders to take and hold the heights at all hazards. As the firing soon changed from the right and center to the left, I re-enforced the left from Company E by sending a platoon. As soon as my men gained the heights on the east side the Indians withdrew. The position my men now occupied cut the canon diagonally, extending from several hundred feet up the west side to the top cliffs on the east. Behind this line I moved my transportation out of the canon to the east side without any loss. The Indians shot over my men, consequently none were injured. One horse was slightly wounded by a spent pistol ball. My troops were but partly out of the canon before a party of Indians was seen coming down the hill on our trail. These were doubtless a party detailed to open fire on my rear should I get into confusion in the canon. Continuing on the trail of the Indians we found several abandoned articles; among the most valuable was an American horse. About ten miles above the canon, where I first crossed the South Fork to the northeast, their trail recrossed to the west. From this point their trail led in a direct line toward the west end of Harney Lake. As they were evidently traveling without reference to rest for man or thought for beast, I desired from farther pursuit, not wishing to again strike out on the plains around and beyond the lakes until I was satisfied the Indians had all been driven from this vicinity. As Captain Drake had not heard from his depot for forty days I moved to this place where I arrived on the 18th. The grass being very much eaten out around Camp Maury, on the 19th Captain Drake selected a new location about five miles of the present one. On the 20th he will move his camp, and on the 21st, with fifty men of his command and fifty of my own, I will start north and west.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. CURREY,

Captain, First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

HDQRS. EXPEDITION INTO THE INDIAN COUNTRY, Camp No. 61, on Canyon city Road, at Rock Creek, near Camp Watson, July 25, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding the District of Oregon, that on the morning of the 21st instant, with a cavalry command of 100 men, supplied with ten days' subsistence, I started in a northeast direction for the Canyon City road. My route led me through the range of Blue Mountains in which the north branches of Crooked River, west tributaries of the South Fork of John Days' River, Bridge Creek, Rock Creek, and Cottonwood Creek (tributaries of John Days' River from the north side below the South Fork) head. Passing slowly and making a careful examination of the country along my route for evidences of Indians, I arrived at this place at 10 a. m. of this day. Near the summit of the mountain range, or rather bed, I crossed a trail about two weeks old, leading in the direction of the place where I found the Indians as reported in my last. Being well satisfied that it had been made by the same Indians, I did not deem it worth while to follow it. This constituted all the late Indian sings I saw on the route. At 10 p. m. of the 23rd instant I was overtaken by my express from Camp Alvord, containing the letter

