
from the citizens of Boonville (a mining town on Jordan Creek), a copy of which I herewith forward. Captain Caldwell, First Oregon Cavalry, who is encamped near me, informs me that he has been in this vicinity about two weeks, and that thus far his scouts have discovered no Indians or fresh signs. Before leaving my camp on the 21st I directed Captain Drake to take a party sufficiently strong, in his judgment, and examine the country at and around Sheep Rock. He started on the 22d. I have heard of no late outrages by the Indians, and am of the opinion that they have abandoned this region of country. My express man from Camp Alvord brings a report that a band of cattle were stolen in the Harney Lake Valley. I shall start for Captain Drake's depot in the morning, and from thence return to the Harney Lake country. The Indians mentioned in the letter from the citizens of Boonville, Idaho Ter., are about 350 miles from me at this time. I will go after them as fast as my animals will permit and the completion of my present undertaking will warrant. From this camp to Captain Drake's depot, by my trail, the distance is sixty-five miles. Mountains not difficult of travel, mostly covered with open pine timber.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. CURREY,

Captain, First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

[Inclosure.] BOONVILLE, July 13, 1864.

Captain CURREY:

DEAR SIR: We are compelled by force of circumstances to communicate to you a few facts in relation to the depredations committed by the Indians within the last few days. On Friday night last they made an attack on ranches a few miles below this place, stealing and taking all the stock in the valley, and what is still more shocking, killing and mangling one of our citizens in a most brutal manner. On Sunday morning a party of about twenty men organized and started in pursuit, and overtook them yesterday, the 12th, when a fight ensued, resulting in our defeat, killing Mr. Jordan and wounding two others. If they are not promptly punished I fear there is but little safety of the lives and property of our citizens.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SILAS SKINNER,

J. C. BOONE,

H. WHITE,

R. TUGASKES,

JAMES MILLER,

On behalf of the citizens.

HDQRS. EXPEDITION INTO THE INDIAN COUNTRY, Camp No. 66, near Camp Gibbs, of Captain Drake's Command, August 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication dated June 9, 1864, on the evening of the 30th ultimo. I have sent a communication to the general commanding by every return express. From my camp on Canyon City road, near Camp Watson, I moved down the road to Bridge Creek, where I found Lieutenant

