
Olney's command encamped. From there I learned that the camp had been alarmed the night previous to my arrival. I immediately sent out scouts, who reported that they had scoured the country for eight or ten miles to the west, south, and east of camp, and found no tracks; and as there was no probability that any would be found to the north, upon the return of the scouts at 8 a. m. on the morning of the 28th I started back for this place, passing up the east side of Bridge Creek for twelve miles, and y out-going trail, which I followed for some miles, and then diverged to the right in order to make further examination of the practicable passes leading from the head of Bridge Creek to the Crooked River side of the range. Found no new sings, and an inclined to think no Indians have been in that vicinity since the 11th of July. I arrived at this camp on the afternoon of the 30th ultimo, a few hours later than Captain Drake did from his scout to Sheep Rock. For the information derived from his excursion I would most respectfully refer you to this report, a copy of which is herewith inclosed. * My express man, who arrived a few days ago from Camp Alvord, reports upon information derived from some stock drivers that old Po-li-ni joined twenty-three Wick-i-ups at a small lake about thirty miles west of Camp Alvord. On to-morrow (August 2) I start with my original command, will visit that locality, and then return to my depot. Going by way of this reported rendezvous will not increase the time of my journey to Camp Alvord more than ten days. Captain Drake will remain in this vicinity. I hope to be able to reach my depot on the 16th instant, unless I meet with difficulties not now apparent. From here to Camp Alvord is computed 200 miles. You will see by this and my former reports that since I took command of the two expeditions the country has been pretty thoroughly scouted from the head of Malheur River, on the east, to the west bank of the Des Chutes on the west, thus familiarizing to our troops a region hitherto unknown to our arms and filled by the fertile imagination of a panic-stricken people with hordes of savages strongly posted in the impregnable fastness of trackles mountain and yawning canons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. CURREY,

Captain, First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

HDQRS. EXPEDITION INTO THE INDIAN COUNTRY, Camp Alvord, August 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report to the information of the general that on the 2nd instant the commands of Captain Drake and mine separated. With mine I took up the march for this point via Harney Lake, passing around the west end and a portion of the south side of that body of water, and from thence in a southeast direction to the headwaters of Thunder Creek, a tributary of Malheur Lake, which take s its source in the Snow Mountains immediately to my west. On the head of this latter-named stream I found several small lakes and valleys. On my journey out this creek was scarcely fordable for depth of water, and upon my return was entirely dry, with the exception of a few pools standing in deep holes in its bed. From Thunder Creek I changed my

---------------

*See July 30, 1864, p. 332.

---------------

