
range of mountains) and returned to this camp on the afternoon of the 16th instant. Since the 16th I have remained in camp, and am now happy to inform you that but few cases of sickness are in camp. In the morning I move with Companies A and E for the head of Malheur River, intending to pass down that stream to its mouth. Captain Barry, with the infantry and ten me from Companies A and E, will start at the same time for Fort Boise. Lieutenant Pepon, acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence of the expedition, with the wagon train, will go escorted by Captain Barry to Fort Boise, and join me with his train at the mouth of Malheur River on or about the 12th of October. I think my moving down the Malheur with the cavalry that depredations may be prevented along the Boise road during the fall. This seems desirable, as formerly that section has been the theater of their atrocities late in the season, and I fear the usual role may be repeated this year unless my presence in that region deters them from their annual excursion in that quarter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. CURREY,

Captain, First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

HDQRS. EXPEDITION INTO THE INDIAN COUNTRY, Camp No. 104, on Birch Creek, October 16, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding the district that on the morning of the 26th ultimo I broke up camp at Camp Alvord and began the movements as contemplated in my letter of the 25th ultimo. With the cavalry I moved north-northeast along the eastern base of Steen's range of mountains for twenty-seven miles and then crossed over to the west side. In the mountains saw some fresh Indian tracks passing northeast. After crossing the mountains I had to bear along the western base of the mountains in a southwest direction for ten miles in order to find water, which I found in a small creek, on the thead branches of the South Fork of Malheur River. At this camp my scouts reported a well-beaten, newly made Indian trail leading toward the east end of Malheur Lake. Taking the direction of the Indian trail in a north-northwest direction, passing a short distance to the east of Malheur Lake and in sight of it, came to the conclusion that the Indians had divided up, a portion of their tracks turning to the right down the Malheur and the remainder going toward the waters of John Day's River. Turning to the right, I followed along the emigrant road toward the mouth of Malheur. On the afternoon of the 4th instant, after camping, three citizens with twelve head of horses came up the road and encamped about half a mile above me on the river. They stated that they were endeavoring to make their way to Virginia City, Nev. Ter. Early the next morning they came down and reported all their stock stolen by the Indians, and about the same time the packmaster reported four Government mules gone. I sent men out to look for the stock, who upon returning reported Indian tracks after the stock going up the river. Beign suspicious that the white men were concerned in the affair, and my stock being much fatigued, I did not deem it advisable to make an extended pursuit, feeling well convinced that not less than five or six days' hard riding would bring me up with the rouges. The three citizens referred to

