
came back with me to within one day's march of the crossing of the old emigrant road with the Malheur River, and then without notice took to the hills. Upon my arrival at the old emigrant road I learned from the settlers that several days prior to my arrival three white men and one Indiana had driven off twenty-six head of horses and mules belonging to the settlers, that they were pursued and thirteen head taken back. This confirmed my first suspicious that these fellows were rascals, and leaves me only to regret I did not arrest them. I have no doubt they are in league with the Indians, but at the time did not feel fully authorized to arrest them. The emigrant road down Malheur River is very crooked, rocky, and mountainous, and in my opinion entirely useless as a wagon road. I arrived at the old emigrant road on the 12th, and on the 13th reached this camp. From Camp Alvord to this place I marched every day excepting one. On that day I remained in camp to rest my animals, because on the previous day I did not get into camp until several hours after dark. Lieutenant Pepon with the wagon train joined me at this camp on the 13th instant. I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 5th instant on yesterday. In the morning I take up the line of march for Fort Walla Walla and will arrive there as soon as possible. Lieutenant Hobart with detachment of Company A joined me at this camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. CURREY,

Captain, First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.
HDQRS. EXPEDITION INTO THE INDIAN COUNTRY, Camp No. 115, October 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding the district that I arrived with my command at this camp near Fort Walla Walla this day at 12 m. Company A, commanded by First Lieutenant Hobart, First Oregon Cavalry, was sent to Fort Walla Walla to report to the commanding officer of that post. Lieutenant Bowen, First Oregon Cavalry, and detachment of Company F, was ordered to proceed to Fort Lapwai, Idaho Ter. With Company E, First Oregon Cavalry, I will start for Fort Dalles on the morning of the 28th.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. B. CURREY,

Captain, First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

No. 3.

Report of Captain Edward Barry, First Washington Territory Infantry, of operations August 16-18.

CAMP ALVORD, August 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you in compliance with Camp Order, No. 19, detailing me with twenty men on detached service. I left

