
this camp on the morning of the 16th instant, and marched southwest to Horse Creek, a distance of nine miles; thence up Horse Creek six miles and camped. On the morning of the 17th marched ten miles up Horse Creek and camped. There is a good trail from Camp Alvord to Horse Creek. Up the creek it is rough and wild and a hard road to travel. Horse Creek heads between Snow Mountain and Green Mountain in a northeasterly direction, and runs south toward Pueblo Mountain. Plenty of juniper and poplar along this creek. The creek is about twenty-five miles long and sinks in a dry lake. On the morning of the 18th instant I took an escort of men and passed up the mountains on the northwest of Horse Creek. After rising the ridge, found a large open, rolling country, plenty of water and grass, interspersed with groves of timber, consisting of mountain mahogany, juniper, and poplar, which gave to the country and interesting appearance. I should judge this to be the Indian paradise in this section of the country. There are the remains of old Indian villages, which to all appearances were deserted during the last winter or spring. There is a mountain which heads of Horse Creek and runs in a northerly direction about ten miles. It has a beautiful slope to the southwest, and is covered with excellent grass, green as a leek; hence I have named it Green Mountain. Along the base of this mountain is plenty of good water. A number of streams form a junction about five miles from the mountain and make a large stream, which I have named Trout Creek, as those fish appear to abound. The atmoshpher was so dense that I could not see more that the outlines of the mountains on the west devoted to this district of country within a circuit of twenty miles. It would require twenty days to acquire a perfect knowledge of the country between Horse Creek and Harney Lake. It is large country. This day it was 10 p. m. before I arrived in camp. On the 19th broke up camp on Horse Creek and took up our line of march for Camp Alvord, where we arrived at 12 m. in safety.

All of which I have the honor to respectfully submit.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWD. BARRY,

Captain, First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding Detachment.

Captain CURREY,

First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

No. 4.

Reports of Captain M. Drake, First Oregon Cavalry, commanding expedition from Fort Dalles.

HEADQUARTERS FORT DALLES EXPEDITION TO THE INDIAN COUNTRY, Camp Maury, May 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding that on the 17th instant, at a point eight or ten miles below this place, at one of the crossings of Crooked River, the advance guard of the command on the march discovered fresh Indian signs. On arriving in camp, at the forks of Crooked River, some Indian scouts were sent out into the surrounding country to gain information. At 5

