
to him. I did expect to leave here for Yuma, but would like to hear what disposition to make of them before I leave, unless Major Fergusson should come up.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major First Infantry California Vols., Commanding Camp Wright.

First Lieutenant B. C. CUTLER,

First Infantry California Volunteers, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] CAMP WRIGHT, Oak Grove, San Diego County, Southern California, November 30, 1861.

COLONEL: I take advantage of Seniro Sepulva, Ramon Carrillo's brother-in-law, to inform you of the capture of the Showalter party, Showalter with them. The party consists of sixteen men, each man armed with a rifle and pair of revolvers. They gave us a hard chase, but we finally captured them. They parleyed, but finally concluded not to resist, although against the advice of Showalter. The names of the parties are: T. A. Wilson, Tennessee; W. Woods, Missouri; Charles Benbook, Kentucky; William Sands, Tennessee; T. J. Roberts, South Carolina; R. H. Ward, Mississippi; T. W. Woods, Virginia; J. M. Sampson, Kentucky; S. A. Rogers, Tennessee; J. Lawrence, Arkansas; William Edwards, Arkansas; Levi Rogers, Alabama; Henry Crowell, Pennsylvania; William Turner, Georgia; Dan Showalter, Pennsylvania; A. King Tennessee. I took two of the party on the 27th near this post, viz, E. B. Sumner, F. N. Chum. They were the advance party. Eighteen in all. I am now examining them, and will send you by express that will leave here to-night some time full particulars. They now regret that they did not resist. If they had they would have given us a hard fight. There is a o doubt but every one of them is a rank secessionist, and are on their way to lend aid and confort to the enemy. I would like to know as soon as possible what to do withthem. They have pack-mules and are well fitted out, and a desperate set of men. I will send you, as I have stated, a full account of all the facts by an express that will leave to-night, or perhaps not until the morning. I am under great obligations to Francisco O'Campo for my success. It is reported that some eighty-one more are getting ready and on the road. I will keep a good watch for them.

Very respectfully,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major First Infantry, Commanding Camp Wright.

P. S. -They were captured at daylight on the morning of the 29th at John Winter's ranch, near San Jose Valley.

E. A. R.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

First Infantry California Volunteers, Los Angeles, Cal.
HDQRS. DETACH. FIRST INFANTRY CALIFORNIA VOLS.,Camp Wright, Oak Grove Station, San Diego County, Southern California, December 4, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that on the morning of the 27th of November, 4 a. m., Mr. Cable handed me a note whit he had

3 R R-VOL L, PT I

