
of the numerous small lakes south of the desert. This will not prevent them from making an occasional raid upon the settlements during the coming winter, particularly if the winter should be open like last winter. These attempts, if they occur at all, may be looked for in January and February next, possibly as early as December. The point they will strike at is the Canyon City road from South Fork west to Cherry Creek, as being the most exposed point in the white settlements. I am led to these conclusion from my knowledge of the former habits of these Indians. It is highly improbably, that they will resort to any other means of obtaining a livelihood than such as they have been accustomed to in times past. They are a bold and enterprising banditti, who live on the stock they steal. On securing a band of stock they start it into the mountains. If pursued, they travel night and day, halt occasionally, kill a horse, eat it, and continue their flight. White men, who are obliged to carry provisions with them, pursue in vain. I have presented these facts and conjectures to the attention of the general commanding in consideration of the losses sustained by our people heretofore, and the depredations these Indians are still capable of committing in this part of the country should their attention be directed to this point in future. As a means of protection against any such operations as are herein contemplated I would respectfully suggest the policy of stationing a company of cavalry at Rock Creek or Bridge Creek d. The mere presence of such a body of troops at one of these points would deter them from making any attempts on the road, particularly if the road was patrolled occasionally by small detachments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. DRAKE,

Captain, First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancouver, September 13, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Major General I. McDowell, commanding the Department of the Pacific.

BENJ. ALVORD,Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Portland, Oreg., September 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General Alvord will take the necessary measure to keep a company in the district of country of which Canyon City is supposed to be the center, for the protection of the inhabitants from the predatory band of Indians who have been committing hostilities during the past season. No expenditures whatever will be allowed, nor will any citizen be hired in consequence of this order. The company must be instructed to either hut themselves on Rock Creek, where it is understood there is an abundance of timber, or live in their tents. The general will report from time to time the measures he takes in the fulfillment of this order.

IRVIN McDOWELL,Major-General, Commanding.

