
FORT VANCOUVER, WASH. TER., November 6, 1864.

SIR: The military expedition into the Indian country under my command having returned to Fort Dalles and closed the campaign on the 11th of October, I have the honor to submit herewith to the general commanding the following report of the summer's operations:

The expedition was directed in Special Orders, No. 33, headquarters District of Oregon, March 19, 1864, to march on the 15th of April, but owing to some unavoidable delays the start was not made until the 20th of the same month. At this time the command was composed of Company D, First Oregon Cavalry, Captain John M. Drake, First Lieutenant John McCall, and forty-five enlisted men; Company G, First Oregon Cavalry, Captain H. C. Small, First Lieutenant William M. Hand, Second Lieutenant John F. Noble, and sixty-seven enlisted men, and two staff officers, Surg. C. C. Dumreicher, U. S. Volunteers, and Captain D. W. Porter, assistant-quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, making an aggregate of 119 officers and men. A detachment of twenty-five men of Company D, First Oregon Cavalry, under command of Second Lieutenant James A. Waymire stationed at the South Fork of John day's River, pursuant to Special Orders, No. 19, headquarters District of Oregon, February 23, 1864, were to join expedition en route, and a detachment of twenty-five men of Company B, First Oregon Cavalry, under command of Second Lieutenant Stephen Watson, was sent from Fort Vancouver to the Warm Springs Agency. This last detachment marched from Fort Dalles April 20, was supplied with sixty days' rations, and Lieutenant Watson was placed under my orders. The outfit of the expedition in the way of transportation consisted of eight six-mule teams, and ninety-five pack mules, enabling the quartermaster to transport ninety days' supplies for the whole command, including thirty-nine citizens employed in the quartermaster's and commissary departments, and a party of Wasco Indians that were to accompany the command in the capacity of scouts and spies; also medical stores, ammunition, and camp and garrison EQUIPAGE for a six months' campaign.

Notwithstanding the season of the year in which the expedition was taking the field, I deemed it advisable that the troops should be well supplies with tents, as the climate of Eastern Oregon, especially the mountainous regions, was known to be severe at times, even in summer, and always uncertain. Every aid and assistance practicable was received from the commanding officer at Fort Dalles, Colonel R. F. Maury, in putting the expedition into the field, and I am desirous of expressing my thanks to him for this as well as the interest manifested for its success. In your letter of instructions of the 7th of April I was advised that the main objects of the expedition were to protect the whites in mining operations, to explore and occupy the country not included in the Indian reservations, and to afford all the protection practicable to the friendly Indians of the Warm Springs Reservation. The plan of campaign therein indicated was to establish a depot of supplies at some point in the Indiana country from which two circuits of sixty days each could be made, one west and south and one east and south with full authority to select my own route of travel and a site for the depot. By your letter of instructions dated April 12, 1864, authority was granted to make any deviation from the original plan that my judgment might dictate, keeping in view the main objects of the expedition. This was in consideration of recent Indian depredations near Canyon City. A good deal of pains had been taken by myself and others at The Dalles for several weeks prior to the departure of the expedition to collect information relative to the section of country over

