
flight of the Indians. On the arrival of re-enforcements Lieutenant McCall's force was formed was found collected at the spring above mentioned, where the wounded had been carried with a great deal of exertion. Their wounds were immediately attended to by the surgeon, and on the discovery of the flight of the Indians measures taken to get them to camp. This proved to be a laborious and tedious task. The camp was fifteen miles distant, over a rugged country, and no means of transportation for wounded men. Two of the wounded had to be carried on hand litters; the others managed to ride their horses. Before moving the killed and wounded the stock captured from the Indians were sent to camp, and the Indian camp, with its lodges and stolen party, destroyed.

At 2 p. m. on the 19th of May the command was formed in procession to render the last office which the living may administer to the dead. On a small hillock 300 yards in rear of Camp Maury, at the edge of a grove of pines three graves were dug side by side, and into these were deposited the earthly remains of our fallen comrades. Let us hope that the ware of civilization as it rolls over the desert country in future years may not swallow up the memory of men whose lives were so nobly sacrificed in its cause. The numerical strength of Po-li-ni's band developed by this affair induced an apprehension on my part that the Indian marauders living in this region had been underrated. This was particularly the case when our small scouting parties sent out daily from camp into the surrounding neighborhood reported fresh Indian signs of almost every character, in great abundance. During the few days consumed in burying our dead, providing for the wounded and establishing and rendering secure the depot, they appeared to be hovering about the neighborhood in considerable numbers at night. This state of affairs rendered the utmost vigilance necessary for the protection of the large quantity of stock belonging to the expedition and required that measures should be taken to destroy or drive off these prowlers, and to explore thoroughly the surrounding country before the expedition could move forward to Harney Lake with safety to the depot. With this object in view the country within a radius of twenty or thirty miles of Camp Maury was thoroughly scoured, and what was ascertained to be a small band of night prowlers driven across the Blue Mountains. These operations consumed twenty days and developed the fact that except the small party that had been annoying us at night, the only Indians about the head of Crooked Rever was the party concerned in the affair of the 18th of May, and that these had dispersed into the mountains lying between Crooked River and the Canyon City road. During this time I ordered forward Lieutenant Waymire's detachment from Warm Springs, which arrived May 29, thus increasing the strength of the command to 165 officers and men. Of this force fifty-seven men, including an escort of twelve men with the wagon train, were detailed as a guard for the depot, and Captain Small placed in command, preparatory to moving forward to Harney Lake in execution of the orders to that effect. The command left Camp Maury on the 7th of June as a movable column, with an aggregate of 108 officers and men, and supplies for forty days. Our cavalry horses and pack animals were in better condition for hard service than at any time since leaving The Dalles, and no apprehension were left as to the safety of the depot and line of communications. It was supposed that Captain Curry's command with which I was to effect a junction would reach Harney Valley by the 10th of June, and I was particularly anxious that the junction of the two expeditions should not be delayed on our account, and consequently moved forward from Camp Muary with all rapidity that circumstances would permit. The command arrived at Big Meadows

