
June 13, and it was ascertained the same day that Captain Currey's command has not yet arrived at Harney Lake. The junction was effected July 1 at a point about thirty miles northeast of Lake Harney, after some considerable marching and countermarching over the eastern part of the valley and adjacent foot-hills. From the 1st of July to the 2nd of August the two expeditions operated together under Captain Currey's command, and a detailed account of operations within that period could not be properly embraced within his report.

On the return of the expedition to Camp Maury, July 18, a removal of the depot became necessary on account of the failure of the grass at that place. A site for a camp was selected five miles west of Camp Muary, the removal effected July 21, and the new depot named Camp Gibbs. A second removal became necessary a month later for the same reasons as the first, and a depot was established at Camp Dahlgren, twenty miles northeast of Camp Gibbs. From these two camps the scouting and exploring operations were conducted for the remainder of the campaign, after the departure of Captain Currey's command from Camp Gibson on the 2nd of August. The operations of the two expeditions under Captain Currey's command during the month of July had driven Po-li-ni's band of Indians to the south side of the desert. This fact, connected with Captain Currey's proposed plan of operations in returning to his depot, indicated the only practicable course to be pursued during the remainder of the summer for the protection of the frontier settlements, a through and continued scouting of all that region of country lying south of the Blue Mountains, and embraced within the boundaries of the mountains on the north, the desert on the west and south, and the Canyon City Mountains on the east. The primary object of this plan the quick discovery and pursuit of any parties of Indians that the presence of the other command in the country farther south might drive into this region. To carry it out effectually required cavalry horses and good condition, and transportation and other facilities for rapid movements. Our means of transportation was still in good condition for hard service, but the cavalry horses were somewhat exhausted, party from heard service and partly form a distemper raging amongst them during the summer. Notwithstanding this defect in means, the plan was carried out successfully, beginning with a scout of Captain Small with thirty-two men of Company G into the Blue Mountain Range about the head of Bridge and Rock Creeks, and a scouting party commanded by myself, consisting of Second Lieutenant Waymire and forty-two men of Companies B and D, First Oregon Cavalry, into the mountains country lying between the Blue Mountain Range and Harney Valley. These parties marched from Camp Gibbs, the first on the 4th of August and the second on the 5th of August, each supplied with fifteen days' rations. The second of these parties returned to camp August 16, having been absent twelve days, and the first returned August 21, naving been absent seventeen days. These parties traversed districts of country previously unexplored by either of the military expeditions, acquired a considerable amount of information regarding the country, and confirmed previously entertained opinions that the Indians had entirely abandoned the country. Some other parties were sent out during the month of August into the country west and south of Camp Gibbs, all productive of a like result.

On the 4th of September a scouting party, consisting of a subaltern officer and forty-two men, under command of Captain H. C. Small, marched with twenty days' rations from Camp Dahlgren, with instructions to proceed to the head of Beaver Creek; thence south to the hilly

