
country lying west of Lake Harney. As the campaign was drawing to a close, and arrangements for the return of the expedition to Fort Dalles would have to be made by the 25th of September, it became important to know something of the whereabouts of Poli-li-ni's band. At this time it was supposed that the troops stationed on the Canyon City road would be recalled about the 1st of December, leaving the road unprotected, hence the absolute necessity of procuring some information in regard to the movements of the Indians before they located themselves for the winter, in order that their plans for winter depredations, if any were contemplated, might be counteracted. Captain Small's scout was intended to accomplish this purpose. His cavalry horses and means of transportation were the bet in the command. He received full instructions and clearly understood the object of the enterprise and the importance attached to it. Proceeding with his party to the head of Beaver Creek, about forty miles from camp, the trail of a small party of Indians traveling in a northeasterly direction, evidently a hunting party from all accompanying sings, was discovered, and the main object of the scouting party abandoned for the pursuit of this party of hunters, women and children. This pursuit was kept up in an irregular manner over the rugged and almost inaccessible country about the South Fork of John Day's River for twelve or fourteen days, the Indians, resorting to their habitual tactics in such cases, dispersed, each individual to take care of himself. During this chase some of Captain Small's scouts approached to within twenty miles of Camp Dahlgren, and the whole detachment rejoined the command at camp on the summit of the mountain September 22. It was a matter of serious regret that the principal object of this scouting party was not attained, as the campaign closed with its return to camp, and the expedition was compelled to return to The Dalles without being able to communicate any information whatever regarding the abiding place of the Indian marauders, or intelligence concerning their plans and purpose for the future.

It was generally believed by officers who had performed scouting service in the main range of the mountains north of Crooked River that a prfor a wagon road could be found across from Camp Dahlgern. Accordingly, in the early part of September, an exploring party crossed the mountains for the purpose of examining in detail the surface of the country with the view of opening a road if a practicable route could be found. This party returned to camp September 9, having ascertained beyond question the practicably of a route running north from Camp Dahlgern and intersecting the Canyon City road at the Mountain House. The distance was estimated at twenty-three miles. On the 11th of September Porter was sent out in charge of a working party, and by the 18th the road was opened and the party returned to camp. The object of the road at first was to march the expedition over in on the return to Fort Dalles, and to secure an open route of ammunition between the Canyon City road and the open country at the head of Crooked River for the benefit of the settlements in that neighborhood and the facilitate military operations in the future. The more immediate usefulness of the road became apparent when the orders were received to establish Captain Small's company for the winter at Camp Watson. These orders were received September 18, and recognizing the necessity for immediate action in carrying out the purposes of the general commanding as indicated in those orders, preparations were at once made to move the expedition to the north side of the mountains. Camp Dahlgren was abandoned on the 20th, the command marching to the summit of the mountain, there to await the

