
After an absence of about three-quarters of an hour they returned. We then moved forward about one mile and sent out two more scouts, who returned in a few minutes reporting that the distance to the camp was not over 600 yards. The united report of all the scouts was that we approached the camp, from the west; to the north and south was an open flat or bottom running some distance; to the east was a gradually ascending hill covered with juniper trees, the encamped being on the west side of the open flat under some juniper trees. I divided my command into two platoons, Lieutenant Watson in charge of one and myself the other. The Indians were to go to the north, I to the south, while Lieutenant Watson was to go slowly up the center, with instructions to all the capture any horses they might see, so as to cut off their retreat by horseback. As soon as it was light enough we all started. My route was over a very rocky country until I reached the flat, which at that point was very miry - almost impossible to cross. Just as we got over this mire we discovered a band of horses being rapidly driven, up by a Indian. We immediately captured them, and I put them in charge of a corporal and two men. We then heard firing to our right, and turned in that direction, but found we were coming directly under the fire of our own men. We turned to the right and came around over the point of the hill and found Lieutenant Waton's party. The Indians had retreated across the flat to a cliff of rocks, where they had a complete fortification. Lieutenant Watons had charged them to the edge of the cliff, where the Indians fired a volley into them, killing Lieutenant Watson and 2 privates of Company B and wounding 5 others, some severely. I also found a citizen, Richard Barker (who I did not know was along until I had started), with his thigh broken and Stock Whitley very severely wounded. Some 3 horses had been shot dead and 5 or 6 badly wounded. The whole of this had been been done in less than fifteen minutes. I soon found that the Indians were impregnable in their position, and the only way for me to save the wounded men and the horses, both of the men and those already captured was to retreat to a safe place and send for re-enfrocements. The attack was made before 5 a. m. At 6 o'clock I started an Indian and Private Barney as express for re-enforcements. At 8 o'clock we reached a safe position about one mile and a half from the field, and you arrived at 9 a. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. McCALL,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry.

Captain JOHN M. DRAKE,

First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, June 13, 1864.

Brigadier General B. ALVORD,Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding the department to say that he has read with much interest the reports of Captain Drake and Lieutenant McCall; that he commends the gallantry of the troops and regrets the loss of a brave officer and the noble men who fell in the conflict. He trust their surviving comrades will avenge their deaths in a summary manner.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

E. SPARROW PURDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

