
No. 6.

Report of Cap. William V. Rinehart, First Oregon Cavalry, of operations June 14-16.

CAMP ALVORD, OREG., June 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with Orders, No. 13, from your headquarters, I marched from Camp Henderson with thirty-two men of my company to the Jordan Creek Ferry, on Owyhee River, and proceeded thence up the west side of the river two miles to a ford, where I crossed over and found moccasin tracks and the trails of the horses stolen from the proprietors of the ferry. Following up the east side of river three miles I recrossed the river at the mouth of the Great Canon and ascended the bluffs to the high table-lands, from which I could trace with my glass the course of the river, bearing nearly due east. This I found to be the great bend of Owyhee, as laid down upon the [sic]. Following a small trail in a southeastern direction for two miles, I turned eastward across a rocky sage plain, and sent out Sergeant Taylor and three men to scout along the bluffs, and examine the flats and bars on the river for Indians. In this matter I marched about eight, miles keeping in sight of the scouting party, and far enough out from the bluff to avoid the rocks, which were very bad near the bluff. Here I turned toward the river and called in my scouts, who reported no signs of Indians, and also that the river was entirely inaccessible except at one point about three miles below. It being now 5 p. m. I followed down the river to the place indicated by the scouts, and succeeded in getting down to the river by passing down a rocky gulch to a small bar covered with porcupine and barley grass, where I encamped for the night, having marched full twenty-five miles. On the 15th I resumed the march as before, passing along the margin of the sage plain and taking observations of the river at every opportunity. Having gone about fifteen in this manner I halted at a pool of water occasioned by late rains, at 11 a. m., and leaving the command here I took three scouts and passed up the river about three miles to where it turns directly south, and as far as I could trace its course with my glass it appeared to bear a direction nearly due south. Having found no indications of Indians, and our rations being over half exhausted, I returned to the pool, and after grazing an hour started on my way back to Camp Henderson. I passed back by a route farther out from the river through fine grass for ten miles, then through sage and rocks, and found several Indian wick-i-ups five to eight miles out from the river on the dry plain. These seemed to have been summer lodge and had not been occupied lately. I returned to the river at the mouth of the Great Canon just before dark, having marched about forty miles. The canon from the Great Bend up to where I lasts saw it, a distance of twenty-five miles, is narrow and very deep; from 300 to 400 feet the bluffs perpendicular and of basaltic formation. On the 16th instant we marched to Camp Henderson, fifteen miles distant, and finding followed the trail to Camp No. 36, making thirty miles. On my return I sent out scouts from the Great Bend to discover the course taken by the party with the stolen horses, and having found that they were taken across toward Jordan Creek, I went and examined the trail, and believe it to have been made by other than Indians.

W. V. RINEHART,

Captain, First Oregon Cavalry.

Lieutenant JOHN BOWEN,

First Oregon Cavalry, Adjutant Expedition.

