
it may appear, no travelers report having seen any. Since we have been at this camp the travel on the road has been immense; cattle droves, pack trains, and families from Jackson County, Eugene, and The Dalles have passed, and all report having seen no Indians on Crooked River or on the Eugene trail. I learn that the command of Captain Drake and Currey were twenty-five miles from Canyon City a week ago, and some of the command were at Canyon City. They had seen no Indians on the route. Their destination I did not learn. This camp is on Rock Creek, sixty miles from Canyon City and twenty-from the South Fork. Grass, wood, and water are plenty, and shall make this the permanent camp for the season.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. CALDWELL,

Captain, First Oregon Cavl., Commanding Canyon City Road Expedition.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

CAMP WATSON, July 26, 1864.

SIR: I am in receipt of no communication from your headquarters since mine of the 18th instant. Since that time I have, with the available mounted force of my command, spent four days in scouting over the country for thirty miles below here on both sides of the road, and find no Indians, or any sign of there having been any for some time. Captain Currey, with 100 men, arrived here yesterday from Camp Maury. He struck the road ten miles below here; distance sixty-five miles; good mountain trail. From information derived from him and other sources, I am of opinion that Po-li-ni, with his band, left the road about the time of our coming here, and has gone to Harney Lake or that vicinity, where, in connection with other bands, I think he will infest the roads from Nevada and North California, or else return with increased force to this vicinity. The packers and teamsters travel on this road in large companies now and guard their stock well, and this circumstances and his fight at Bridge Creek has taught him that he cannot steal without fighting, which with his force he cannot afford to do. Lieutenant Olney has not yet arrived, and I have not heard from him. I have directed him to encamp at Bridge Creek, where he will remain and scour the country from there to Crooked River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. CALDWELL,

Captain, First Oregon Cav., Commanding Canon City Road Expedition.

Lieutenant J. W. HOPKINS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

No. 8.

Report of Lieutenant James A. Waymire, First Oregon Cavalry, of operations July 6-8.

FORT DALLES EXPEDITION INTO THE INDIAN COUNTRY, Camp No. 38, July 8, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to Orders, No. 30, headquarters Fort Dalles Expedition into the Indian Country, and in accordance with instructions received as herein directed from Captain George B. Currey, First Oregon

