
Hunter to take the ambulance back which he sent through with Mrs. Dryer, and directed me to send it back on the 3d; that he had written to you to have an express meet it here. I will leave this morning at 7 o'clock on my way to Yuma, and, as directed, leave the command to next in rank. I wish Major Fergusson were here. I have stirred up a hornet's nest, and hear of releasing the prisoners by force if not otherwise released. This is of little consequence. They cannot release them, and if I could be here would hope they would attempt it. I had Morgan arrested. He gave the cavalry also a long chase. I would respectfully suggest to the colonel that at least one full company of cavalry should be here. It is twenty miles or more to Temecula rfrom here, and to take the trail from there to either outlet it counts up fifty miles around, and no barley or hay on the route. Grass is good and plenty, but the cavalry have no time to turn out their horses. I cannot close this without testifying to Lieutenant Wellman's merits as an officer, and to the good behavior of his men. He is fast earning the name of the fox hound. He has had wo long scouts, and in both instances fulfilled his errand. I will leave here at 7 a. m., leaving Camp Wright commanded by Captain Gorley, Company D, First Regiment California Volunteers. The prisoners I have instructed him to hold until the replace Colonel West with credit, and unless odds are much against us I think we will give a good account of our stewardship.

Trusting that my acts will meet with your approbation, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major First Infantry.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding First California Volunteers, Los Angeles, Cal.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] TEMECULA, CAL., November 27, 1861.

(Received 4 a. m.)

Mr. CABLE:

DEAR SIR: You will please deliver the inclosed letter to Mr. Sumner, the gentleman that came to your place with Mr. Warner, and tell him to hurry up, and oblige,

Yours, truly,

E. M. MORGAN.

P. S. -Please deliver immediately at any expense.

[Sub-inclosure.]

TEMECULA, CAL., December 30*, 1861.

FRIEND SUMNER: We arrived here this evening and were sorry to find you gone, for various reasons. I have hired a man to go after you, and I want you to start back as soon as he gets to where you are, and also bring Mr. Chum with you, and look sharp that he don't play you some trick. He is a bad man for us, and we want him back as soon as possible. There are eighteen of us here. Say nothing to him about what I have written, but tell him we want men, and we are going another road. I have no time to write more.

Yours, truly,

T. A. WILSON.

---------------

*Evidently mis-dated, but so in copy on file.

---------------

