
which runs south, and the channel of John Day's River, which is marked by a high rolling prairie of several miles in width, bordered by timbered mountains. The mountains on North Fork of John Day's River to the north, on the head of Burnt and Powder Riveres to the northeast, the Payette Mountains to the distant east, Steen's Mountains east of Harney Lake to the sourh, and the Cascade Range far in the west were all plainly visible. Leaving the mountains, passed down a gradual slope to the south into a small valley on the tributary of Malheur. It is nearly round, about five miles in diameter, has several groves of pine in it, is surrounded by timbered mountains, and discharges its waters through a canon to the south. There is plenty of game in the valley, but no Indian sign of this year. Encamped in the valley with plenty of grass, wood, and water. On the morning of the 8th I left the valley at its western side, passing into the timbered mountains in a western direction, for Camp Numbers 38. The mountains are quite rough for about seven miles to the west. Several large canons running south, thence passing into the divide north of Selvie's River the descent is gradual and comparatively free from fallen timber (the worst obstacle to marching in that region). Traveling west about twenty miles, reached Camp Numbers 38 at 2 p. m., having discovered no fresh Indian sign during the day.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. WAYMIRE,

Second Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Commandingany D, First Oregon Cavalry.

Captain JOHN M. DRAKE,

First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Expedition into the Indian Country, Camp Numbers 38, Oreg.

Numbers 9.

Report of Lieutenant John F. Noble, First Oregon Cavalry, of operations August 7-16.

CAMP GIBBS, OREG., August 17, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to instructions dated headquarters Expedition into the Indian Country, Camp Gibbs, Oreg., August 4, 1864, I left this meant of Companies B and G, First Oregon Cavalry, and four days' rations. Following a southerly course over the mountains, struck Juniper Creek in about eight miles. Then taking a course about north of west through the timbered ridges, crossing several small creeks, all dry at this season (general course being south and running into Juniper Creek), in about eight miles camped on a creek, but little water and poor grass. Said creek also runs into Juniper Creek. The following morning took a westerly course. In about eight miles struck a creek, running water. Here I halted the pack train and left one platoon with it. I proceeded with the other platoon down the creek southwest about four miles, and ascending the bluffs found said creek emptied into Juniper Creek about two milesf beyond. On this creek a large number of Indians had been encamped some time last fall. From the number of old wigwams and signs I should suppose they numbered from fifty to seventy Indians. They had but little stock, apparently. On returning to the train I followed up the creek some four miles. This regions is known as Sheep Mountain and hunting grounds of the Snake Indians. Then bearing

