
off to the northeast crossed a low divide in the mountains to the north side and went into camp in about four miles on one of the tributaries of Crooked River. Grass poor and water scarce. The following morning, taking an easterly course, in about four miles struck another creek running in a northerly direction into Crooked River. Following this creek down to its mouth, some eight miles distant, and then following up on the north side of Crooked River to this camp about twelve miles. No fresh signs of Indians were discovered, only on the rrirst day out. An Indian on horseback one of the creeks a few days before on the south side of the mountain, traveling south. Most of the creeks on the south side of the mountains which were running in June last are now perfectly dry. There is great scarcity of water and grass upon the south siede of the mountains at this season of the year. I am of the opinion that there are no Indians at present, nor have there been any about Sheep Mountain for a long time. The distance traveled about sixty-four miles.

Upon returning to Camp Gibbs I lay over to rest the animals, &amp;c., until the morning of the 12th instant, when I left with twenty men of Companies b and G, Ferst Oregon Cavalry, taking five days' rations with me. Crossed the mountains in a southeasterely course; struck the head of a large valley in about eight miles. Said valley encircles the east end of this range of mountains, running around into Crooked River Valley some fourteen miles east of this amp (Gibbs). I followed this valley down a short distance, leaving it, bearing off in an easterly course over a low mountain. In about eight miles brought us to a fine runnung creek which empties into the above mountain valley. This creek is about two miles long, the water good, and plenty of grass at this camp. the following morning struc a southeasterly course, passing over the valley, struck the wagon road (Major Steen's), and in about twelve miles came to Alkali Flat, or Spring Valley; crossed the main branch of Crooked River and took the Canyon City road and followed it about tne miles in a northeasterly course and encamped on a creek running into Crooked River. The water verey poor and but little of it; the grass very poor. The next morning took a northerly course, leaving the Canyon City road at this point, it bearing off in an easterly direction. In about six miles struck a creek running into Crooked River through a deep and rough canon. Followed up this creek about one mile and struck the Canyon City road again; but little of north (here the road took a northeasterly course), and in about six miles struck a creek running into Beave Creek. I followed said creek down some eight miles-no water in it at this time, but there is a fine, strong spring about six miles up it, southeastt from Beaver Creek, and large valley surrrounding it-to Beaver Creek, and camped. Water standing in holes and very poor; grass veery fine at this camp. The following morning took a direction north of west and passed through two large valleys; fine grass, but no water at the points through which I passed. Afteer traveling eight miles I took a westerly course and crossed over onto Crooked River in about twelve miles and encamped; plenty of wateer and grass good. I met Captain Small and his command on the southwest side of the battle-=ground of May last about noon to-day. He was then moving in an easterly direction, having marched that morning from the north ford of Crooked River. The following morning, taking a westerly course down Crooked River, reached this

