
camp in about ten miles. I saw no fresh signs of Indians during my scout, and am of the opinion that there have not been any in that portion of the country very recently. The distance traversed on my second trip, about ninety-five miles.

Most respectfully submitted.

JOHN F. NOBLE,

Second Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry.

Captain JOHN M. DRAKE,

First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Expedition into the Snake Country, Camp Gebbs, Oreg.

APRIL 21-MAY 12, 1864. -Expedition from the Siletz Rivere Block-House to Coos Bay, Oreg.

Report of Lieutenant Louis Herzer, First Washington territory Infantry.

BLOCK HOUSE, SILETZ RIVER, OREG., May 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with Post Order, Numbers 4, dated Fort Hoskins, Oreg., March 11, 1864, I proceeded on the 21st of last month with a detachment of ten men of Company D, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, in pursuit of Indians who had left the Alsea Sub-Agency. On April 21 our march waas by laand from this post to the depot branch of the Yaquina Bay. There I procured a large flat-boat, embarked all my men and animals on it, and arrived at the mouth of the bay toward evening, where I desembarked and camped for the night with good grass and water. Distance twenty-eight miles and a half. April 22 our route lay for fifteen miles along the beach to the mouth of Alsea Bay, where we arrived at 11 a. m. On account of the state of the tide we had to wait till evening before we could swim our animals across, a distance of one-third of a mile at low water. We encamped for the night on the south side with good grass and water. We encamped for the night on the south side with good grass and water. Distance, fifteen and a third miles. April 23, marched nine miles along the beach to the Alsea Sub-Agency, where U. S. Indian Sub-Agent A. Harvey, and one of his employes joined me. Distance, nine miles. April 24, marched over very rough, broken, and miry ground, the road being almost impassable from its having rained all the previous night. Camped with good grass and water. Distance, fourteen miles. April 25, followed the beach for six miles, then ascended Caape Perpetua. We were here detained by fallen timber, through which we had to cut our trail. Camped on the south side of the cape, at the distance of one mile, amongst low sand hills; grass poor and scanty, water brackish. Distance, fifteen miles. April 26, marched six miles along the beach, when we reached the mouth of the Siuslaw River, 600 yards wide. Crossed the detachment in canoes, and swam the animals. Followed the beach until we arrived at Ten-Mile Creek, the southern boundary of the Oregon Indian Coast Reservation. Camped five miles south amongst sand hills; grass poor and scarce, water very bad, but it is the only camping ground in this vicinity. Distance, twenty-one miles. April 27, sent one man to accompany Mr. Harvey's employe aheadd of the detachment to Coos Bay for the purpose

23 R R--VOL L, PT I

