
MAY 9-JUNE 22, 1864- Expedition from Fort Crittenden, Utah Ter., to Fort Mojave, Ariz. Ter.

Report of Captain George F. Price, Second California Cavalry, commanding expedition.

SALT LAKE AND FORT MOJAVE WAGON ROAD EXPEDITION,

Camp 31, Fort Mojave, Ariz. Ter., Wednesdaay, June 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit herewith proliminary report of this expedition to this camp. A full and complete map of my route, together with complete history of the expedition, will be furnished as soon as practicable after my arrival at Camp Douglas. It is intended to furnish in this preliminary report sufficient information to enable the general commanding District of Utah to determine how far the expedition was successful, it what extent it succeeded in accomplishing his wishes, and whether a route from the Colorado River to Salt Lake City can be made superior to the present route from Carson City to Salt Lake, or equal to it. In obedience to letter of instructions of May 7, 1864, from headquarteers District of Utah, I left Camp Douglas on morning of 9th of May, 1864, with Lieutenant Conrd and sixty-one non-commissioned officers and men, four six-mule teams, and sixty-four Government horses. I arrived at fort Crittenen on the 11th of May, from which point I was instructed to commence my operations. I here determined to move the column and teams by the San Bernardino road, sending out smaall parties to the west to explore the country. Upon arrival at Muddy Creek the wisdom of this measure was apparent, for had I attempted to haul my teams on any one of the routes run by my side sscouts, would have been destitute of horses and means of transportation long before arrival at Mountain Meadow. I moved the column by easy marches to Mountain Meadow, a distance of 302 1/2 miles, in sixteen days, having good water and grass along the route, with as fine a road as I ever traveled over. To this point six of my horses liad become unserviceable and were run in the herd. Two of my teams gave evidence of failing, and I commenced feeding them from my private grain. At this point I also erected a monument in memory of the victims of the Mountain Measdow massacre, which fact was at that time communicated to you in an offical letter. From Mountain Meadow to Muddy Creek my stock failed rapidly. I employed every means in my power to keep it up, making short drives, worrking at the teams whenever a pull was required, and keeping a wirking party ahead to improve the road. The distance was ninety-eight miles, and I occupied nine days in traveling it, besides resting at Mountain Meadow two days, and then did not get two of the teams into camp at Myddy [Creek] until three days after making the camp; was compelled to pack the loads in and give the mules empty wagons, whisch then they could scarcely haul. Leaving the Rio Virgin for Muddy, had to rise a large hill, a mile long. At that point was compelled to pack outfit on horses; then place all mules to wagons, and sixty men with ropes in addition to get them on top of the hill. It was not so much the condition of the route which broke down my means of transportation as it was the fact of having old and worn-out mules, who commenced failing on a road which was equal to a turnpike.

I made Camp 24, on Muddy, June 3, 1864, having seucceeded in getting all my stock in, excepting one mule and one horse died and one

