
horse strayed. Total distance from Camp Douglas, 396 miles 6 furlongs and 21 rods. My side scouts from Fort Crittenden to Myddy are as follows: One from Fort Crittenden to Round Valley, via Tintic Valley, Oak Creek, and Sevier River, 101 miles; one from Radfor's to Cedar City, via Deseret Settlement, Seevier River, Sevier Lake, Sink of Beaver, and Balck Rock Springs; distance, 156 miles. No wagons accompanied either of these scouts. Neither could wagons have accompanied them, the routes being across heavy sand, rank growth of sage brush, no grass, and but little water on routes, and it at long intervals. The third and most important side scout started from Corn Creek, south of Fillmore, taking with it one six-mulle team, the best one I had, with twenty days' rations. This scout, after almost superhuman exertions, succeeded in making New Mines, west of Beaver City, and passing down to Black Mountains were forced to come in my route to San Bernardino road at Mountain Meadowl Distance traveled, 350 miles. All of these scouts reported barren, desolate country, and no chance to run a natural wagon road where there could be found wood, water, and grass. A carefully preared map of each of these side sscouts has been made, together with complete daily journal, which will be submitted with final report. By means of these scouts I was possessed with much valuable information, and succeeded in running a complete line from Fort Crittenden to Clover and Meadow Valleys, to within a distance of seventy miles of Muddy Creek, and at one point on the side scout being 115 miles west of Beaver City. The last-nammed scout joined me at Myddy on 5th June, having occupied twenty days, with team and horses much jaded. It thus became evident to me that I could not continue the expedition with all of my teams and horses, and accorddingly left Sergeant Gass with fifteen men at Muddy, having in charge two wagons, nineteen horses, and eleven mules, together with all of out fit not obsolute necessary for me to have, and by reducing rations of those who were to accompany me was enabled to leave him rations for thirty daysl He was instructed to run line from Muddy to Clover Valley as soon as horses were rested enough to do so, and to awaait at that point (Muddy) orders from me. None of the horses or mules left behind were in condition to cross to the Vegas; in fact, could not have driven them across the desert loose.

I left Muddy on Tuessday evening, June 7, 1864, with forty-five men, forty-seven horses, and ten teams, having only provisions and water barrels on them. The men were reducced to one blanket and their saddle-bags, each containing one shirt, one pair drawers, and one pair of socks, Mr. Conrad and self doing the same, leaving all our mess kit, bedding, 7c., at Muddy. Succeeded in crossing the desert without much trouble, and found at Vegas plenty of excellent water and grass. Had to leave at that place two horses which could not proceed any farther. After resting there until evening of 9th June resumed march from Las Vegas for El Dorade Canon; distance, forty-four miles. Traveled to Mesquite Springs that night, when halted until daybreak, using the spring water, which was very bad. Next dy (10th) resumed march. After traveling up grade eighteen miles halted at gras; mules and horses much exhausted; gave horses three quarts of water each, and men had one quart each issued to them. Wagons and troops then separated, former taking road, latter taking trail. We made water in mountains which stood in pot holes in the rocks, and was only rain water. About dark horses were crazy for water, and had the men been compelled to travel five miles farther some of them would have gone crazy. On this route four horses gave out and had to be shot. Next morning went

