
down into El Dorado Canon and made Camp 27. Water enough standing in canon for stock, but no grass. Teams came in the harness. I remained in canon until next day in the afternoon, when resumed march for Mojave. Arrived at Lewis' Spring with many of the horses exhausted, men nearly all walking. Upon arrival at spring could not obtain waater enough for the stock. Horses arrived there about reveille; team-mules did not get in until middle of afternoon, and then only brought in one wagon. It became evident to me that I would be compelled to leave them. Had taken precautin to send party from El Dorado Canon to Mojave by river trail, and knew that fresh mules would come out in few days. Left Sergeant Gordon and nine men at Lewis'Spring with the teams; also left with them about all the provisions I had; also left with him ten horses who could not travel any farther. Six additional horses were shot or left en route from el Dorade Canon to Lewis' Spring, making a total of twelve horses shot or left at water and grass since leaving Muddy. I then started from Lewis' Spring for Rock Springs with twenty-five horses all told, and upon arrival there found no water for stock. Drove them out to Government Hole, where they obtained enough to quench thirst. Found a stray cow and shot her for meat. Next day resumed march for Piute Creek, and from Piute Creek arrived here on the 16th instant completely worn out and exhausted half the men barefooted, horses scasrcely able to walk, not because they were poor in flesh, but because the route from vegas here affords but little grass and water, and where the gras is there is no water, and where water is found there is no frass. I was very thankful that I had succeeded in getting here. At Piute Creek met six fresh mules going out to meet my wagons, taking also some provisions to the men. From Fillmore to Cedar City the route makes a circle into the east, and I ran three observation lines as follows: One from Corn Creek to Beaver City; one from Corn Creek to Parowan, and one from Corn Creek to Cedar City. None of these are praccticable, fro want of waater and grass. The streams starting out from the mountains do not run down more than from one to sex miles, excepting Beaver Creek. I found the maps extant of the country through which I traveled very incorrect. No reliance whatever can be placed upon the maps for any portion of the country south of Fillmore. I ran the distance from Camp Douglas to El Dorado Canon, 448 miles, and from Camp Douglas to Fort Mojave, 585 miles for furlongs and nineteen rods. The route can be shortened from El Dorado Canon probably twenty-five or thirty miles, and from Fort Mojave at least sixty miles, which will be done on return trip. On Tuesday (21st) dispatched an express for Muddy, with orders to Sergeant Gass to resume line of march for Camp Douglas. I cannot obtain any fresh teams or horses at this post. There are but few animals hee, and they are in but little beter condition thaan my own. The condition of my stock may be stated as follows:

Left at Muddy June 7, 1864, 19 horses and 11 mules, worn out and unserviceable; left at Las Vegas, June 9, 2 horses, unserviceable; shot en route to Rock Springs, 10 horses; left at Rock Springs, 2 horses; left at Lewis' Spring, 12 mules and 10 horses. Total rendered unserviceable en route, including mule and horse died before reaching Muddy aand 1 horse strayedd, 24 mules and 45 horses. My team mules were driven in yesterday. The stock I have here will not be in condition to resume travel for at least one month, and I doubt my ability to return much of it to Camp Douglas. Plenty of provision s can be obtained much of it to Camp Douglas. Plenty of provisions can be obtained here, but I do not purpose taking full when starting, only

