
been spared on my part to make the expedition successful and to accomplish his wishes in regard to it. Whatever of hardships and suffering the expedition may have endured amounts to nothing if success, in his judgment, has not been accomplished by it. the health of the command is excellent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. F. PRICE,

Captain, Second California Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

Captain M. G. LEWIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Utah.

MAY 16-AUGUST 2, 1864-Expedition from Fort Craig. N. Mex., to Fort Goodwin, Ariz. Ter.

Report of Colonel Edwin A. Rigg, First California Infantry. *

HEADQUARTERES,

Fort Craig. N. Mex., September 19, 1864.

Captain B. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit my report of expedition against the Apache Indians and to establish Fort Goodwin, pursuant to department General Orders, Numbers 12, current series. This report embraces all except the details of scouting parties, which have already been forwarded to department headquarteres.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERES,

Fort Craig, N. Mex., September 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report for the information of the department commander that pursuant to instructions and department General Ordeers, Numbers 12, current series, I left Fort Craig, N. Mex., on the 16th day of may for Las Cruces, N. Mex., to organize and get into the field the companies designated to form the expedition against the Apache Indians and to establish Fort Goodwin, Ariz. Ter., to the Gila River near the confluence of the Rio de Sauz, the exact site to be located by Lieutenant Colonel Nelson H. Davis, assistant inspector-general, U. S. Army. I arrived with the headquarters First Infantry California Volunteers, Surgeon Whitney, Apache Expedition, and Lieutenant W. A. Thompson, First Infantry California Volunteers, adjutant Apache Expedition, at Las Cruces, N. Mex., on the morning of the 18th. On my arrival at Las Cruces I found that all the companies designated in the order had not arrived there. I also found that sufficient transportation could not be furnished without delay, and that the beef-cattle intended for the expedition had not arrived. I, however, set to work to get off such of the troops as were present.

On the 20th, the cattle having arrive, I sent forward a band to rendezvous at the Rio Miembres, in charge of seventeen men of Company E, First Cavalry Califorania Volunteers. On the 22d, Company D, First

*See also report of Lieutenant Colonel Nelson H. Davis, assistant inspector-general, U. S. Army, Vol. XLI, Part I, p. 125.

