
my judgment could be done, I preferred to leave myself and get to the front, so that I could ascertain from personal observation the difficulties, if any, that would have to be encountered. June 3, wrote to Lieutenant-Colonel Davis informing him of my whereabouts and the routes taken by the different detachments, and asking that guides be sent me who knew where the Cienega Grande was, or the point selected for Fort Goodwin, impressing upon him the importance of there being no delay, otherwise it would work prejudicial to myself, the time of most of the men in the command being short, and it was necessary to get to work. At 2 p. m. marched with the meant left of Company C, First Cavalry California Volunteers, for Cow Springs; arrived at 5 p. m. June 4, broke camp at 2 a. m. ; arrived at Soldier's Farewell at 6 a. m., passing all the trains on the road. Found water in tanks, but little grass. Having no forage for our animals, and these being all old cavalry horses, worded hard before starting, turned out; breakfasted; 12 m. hitched up and moved on to Barney's Station. Little grass and miserable waater. June 5, broke camp at 4 a. m. Ochoa's train coming in, and another to follow (O'Rear's) and doubtful of water sufficient for all at Steen's Peak, took the road I traveled in 1861 for Leitendorf's Wells; arrived at 9 a. m. ; found water and good grass; grazed until 11 a. m. and moved on to the Cienega de Sauz, where we arrived all up at 5 p. m. Found an abundance of fine grass, and, as is usual here, an abundance of good water.

June 6, turned out the stock to graze until dinner. After dinner sent all forwaard except a small detachment with instructions to camp as near the San Simon as they could find water and grass. I remained in camp to intercept the mail from Las Cruces and California. Remained until 4 p. m. The mail not arriving, moved down to camp; sent a detail of six mounted men back with our mail, with instructions to go on until the mail party form Las Cruces was met. They met the party, and in a few hours returned with our mail To-day many Indian fires were seen burning in the Chiraicahua Range of mountains south of us. Ochoa's train came in to San Simon Station to-day. No water. Compelled to come up to our camp for water and to fill tanks. June 7, visiteds Ochoa's camp and consented (their animals having but little water after leaving Soldier's Farewell) to move their camp up to good grass and water and lay over one or two days. Sent a detachment of twenty men from Company C, First Cavalry California Volunteers, to explore for the cienege where Whitlock had his last fight with the Indians, alluded to by Lieutenant-Colonel Davis in his communication of the 16th of May, and to report on the practicaability of taking wagons to it, as well as water, wood, and grass. Took from Lieutenant Martin small water-tank, 300 gallons' capacity, and gave him one from Captain Fring's command, who arrived in the interval, and at 1 p. m. moved down the valley of the San Simon or Rio de Sauz. Made dry camp at 6 p. m. ; distance from camp eight and two-tenths miles. Att midnight Sergeant Grelely [?], of Company C, commanding detachment in search of Whitlock's Cienega, came in and reported having found plenty of water and good grass, and reported Major Smith's command in camp all right. Road practicable for wagons. The safe arrival of Smith's command was a relief. I had fears that he could not get through. June 8, broke camp at 4 a. m. ; halted at 9 a. m. ; gave the animmals water and moved on, using the light ambulance to break the road, which was sandy, and in places hard to pull through. The country became more rolling as we approached the entrance to the small valley leading down from the Cienega Whitlock or Cienega Navajo, or Cienega Pass, as Captain Anderson calls it.

