
This cienega, or water, is three miles from the main valley. It narrows as you pass up to opposite where Captain Whitlock had his fight with the Indians. The water is impregated with sulphur, but good. June 9, broke camp about 3 p. m. and continued down the valley, leaving a board at the mouth or entrance of the valley, instructing the trains to camp there and send the animals up for water. Camped at 7 p. m. (dry camp.) the roads rough, but no difficulty in getting wagons ove it. June 10, broke camp at 4 a. m. Daybreak found us where Mounts Graham and San Marcial (so named by Colonel Davis) could plainly be traced. Rested and grazed our animals for an hour, when we resumed our march. At 7 a. m. found good water in an arroyo and good grass. Turned out the stock and took breakfast. We were now approaching within a few miles of the Gila River and drawing up to it. 9. 30 a. m. saddled up and resumed our march; thinking to strike the Gila within a few miles, I took a few men and pushed ahead. Soon struck into the valley of the Gila proper, and Smith's trail. Followed it up until about 1 p. m. Finding the river making a bend off to the north, struck for the river direct.azed our animals, and struck off to the wouthwest, where we came suddenly upon Smith's camp, He informed me that Captain Thayer, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, was out looking for the Cienega Grande. In a short time Captain Thayer returned and reported finding the Cienega Chiquita or Bonita, discovered by Captain Anderson, Fifth U. S. Infantry. Knowning that the Cienega Grande was but a few miles east of that, we all camped near together.

June 11, broke camp at an early hour and hauled up to the small cienega, being anxious to esstablish the depot and get the troops in the field while our stores wsere coming up, and awaiting Colonel Davis' report on selection of site for Fort Goodwin. This cienega is southsoutheast from the point where we struck the river and seven miles and a half from it. Fine water and pergaps 300 acres of good land that could be irrigated and cultivated. Took four men and rode over to the Cienega Grande. Found it and wxplored most of it. The surface of most of it was covered with a thick crust of alkali, through which our animals sand into deep sand; again over a thick grwth of grass, covering marshy ground. I could find none of the fine land reported by Colonel Davis, and the water was difficult of access. To bring the trains there would involve time, and in my opinion, when there, not a good place for adepot. I ordered the command back to the rive, where they all arrived about 5 p. m. and made camp, which I called Camp Goodwin and where I established the depot. June 12, command busy unloading stores and putting up shades. June 13, sent Major Smith, Fifthe Infantry California Volunteers, with an escort to thoroughly explore the Cienega Grande. His report in detail was forwarded for the information of the department commander. Ochoa's supply train arrived, and not knowing when I could hear from Lieutenant-Colonel Davis, and desirous of getting my troops in the field, I unloaded his train here. At 11 a. m. a guide came in and reported that he came from Captain Shaw, First New Mexico Volunteer Cavalry. Captain Shaw soon reported in person. His orders showed that he had come from Fort Wingate, N. Mex. Copies of his orders and report to me of his scout, together with correspondence, was forwarded for the information of the department and district commanders. At 2 p. m. Captain Tidball, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, arrived in camp with instructions and information as to the site selected for Fort Goodwin. It was unfortunate that the captain did not arrive one day sooner, because

