
Ochoa's train was unloaded, which involved the hauling of all the stores by our own trains from Camp Goodwin to Fort Goodwin, making in distance the round trip of some sixty-five miles. Captain Tidball also brought Juan Arroyo, guide. Those that I had proved to be entirely ignorant of that country. June 14, Captain Wellman, First Cavalry California Volunteers, arrived with our beef-herd. I sent his command with the herd to Cienega Bonita (I call it Andrson's Cienega.) Major Smith's report on the route by Burro Mountains was promptly forwarded for the information of the district and departmen commanders. June 15, busily engaged in putting the sstores under shelter. June 16, left this morning with Captain Tidball at 5. 30 for Fort Goodwon with the light ambulance. Made a plain track for the trains to follow. Camped at 3 p. m. Distance traveled twelve miles. June 17, broke camp at 6. 30 a. m. and crossed (short cut) where the River Gila bends again to the northwest. Camped on the river at 3 p. m. near the locality selected for Fort Goodwin. June 18, in company with Captain Tidball and an escort of twenty men explored and selected a site or Fort Goodwin, as Lieutenant-Colonel Davis directed, in the valley of the Tulerosa. The description and sketch of this valley have been forwarded to department headquarters. june 19, Captain Tidball, having accomplished what the was sent for, returned to his post at Fort Bowie. Apache Pass. June 20, took twenty men of the First Cavalry California Volunteers and returned to the Tulerosa. Explored it well up toward the mountains for grass. Found grass scarce; several patches only of grama grass. The valley is the most beautiful one I have seen in Arizona. The spring heads far up and furnisheds water sufficient to irrigaate all the lands fit to be cultivated. It has evidently been a place of great resprt for the Indians. Trails are leading to it from various directions and have the appearance of being much used. The main trail to Sonora passes here leading through Graham's Pass.

June 21, took Lieutenant Lambert, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, and on foot explored lower end of valley. Camped the command on west sede of stream under a fine shade made by large mesquite trees. These are the largest of the species that I have ever seen. Some of them are as large and wide-spreading as the oak. Detailed First Lieutenant Lambert, Fifth Infantry California volunteers, to survey and define the boundaries and limits of Fort Goodwin, as near as practicable to be six square miles in area, taking as near as possible the site of Fort Goodwin as a center. June 22, command clearing underbrush and making camp comfortable. At 12 m. Lieutenant Thompson and noncommissioned staff arrived in camp. Captains Thayer and Harrover, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, having arrived with their commands, were detailed to lay out the camp. Orders issused for the various calls and rules and regulations to govern the camp were published. June 23, reported to district headquarters that Fort Goodwin had been located. Sent trains and ambulance to Camp Goodwin to bring down the troops. June 24, sent Wagon-master Smith with train to Camp Goodwin to bring down troops and stores. Every man for duty ordered to report to Captain Thayer for police duty. June 25, issued General Orders, Numbers 3, which related to the government of the camp and preservation of the purity of the water. June 26, directed Captain Wellman, who had arrived with the herd of beef-cattle, to turn the same over to Lieutenant S. R. De Long, First Infantry California Volunteers, acting commissary of subsistence. June 27, command engaged in clearing away underbrush and building brush houses for their comfort. June 28, party sent out exploring for grass. June 29, to-morrow being

