
last of the month, command relieved from duty to propare for inspection and muster. June 30, inspected and mustered the command to-day at the post. At 5 p. m. proceeded to Camp Smith and inspected and mustered the cavalry in that camp.

July 1, command diligantly at work pitching tents and preparing store-rooms for the supplies. July 2, command at work as on day previous. Notified Major Blakeney, First Cavalry California Volunteers, commanding Camp Goodwin, distant east from this post thirty-two miles, that transportation had been sent to his camp to move all the stores there and break camp. Derected him to place a party in ambush around camp, so that if Indians came in after his command had left to surprise and kill them; to keep a party along the riverf all the way down to Camp Smith, located on the Gila River two and a half miles north of Fort Goodwin. Sent detachment of cavalry in charge of the mail to Fort Bowie to proceed up the valley of the San Simon via Whitlock's Cienega, there to remain until the arrival of the mails from California and Las Cruces, N. Mex. ; then toreturn without delay to Fort Goodwin. July 3, wrote to district commander suggesting that in view of many of the troops of this command going out of service in August that a weekly express be put on to connect with one from Fort Goodwin (at Camp Miembres), shcedule time to be arranged at district headquarters. Transmitted to department headquarters through district headquarters journal of march of the headquarters of the expedition from Las Cruces to Fort Goodwin, Ariz. Ter. Reported to district headquarters that on the trip from here to Fort Bowie the mail party were attacked in the Chiricahua Mountains by Indians. They were repulsed, wounding several and capturing four burros. The detachment was commanded by Corporal Hayes, Company E, First Cavalry California Volunteers. To-morrow veing the anniversary of American Independence, orders were issued that all labor will be suspended by the troops of this command. July 4, at 8 a. m. th troops were paraded, and in the absence of heavy ordnance a volley of musketry was fored, as the flag of our country was elevated on a temporary flag-staff, after which Lieutenant John Lambert, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, delivered an appropriate address. July 5, published an order prohibiting the cutting of ash and walnut in this valley. Orderd Major Joseph Smith, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, to take the field against the Indians for twenty days. The following companies comprise his command: Companies A, Fifth Infantry; D, First Infantry, and Lieutenant Porter Haden with fifteen men of Company C, First Cavalry California Volunteers, to take the field for twenty days, rationed and fitted out as Major Smith's command, the field of operations to be striking west from Fort Goodwin down the south band of the Gila, and to operate on the San Carlos and its tributaries. July 6, directed Captain D. B. Haskell, commanding Company H, First California Infantry, to scout through Mount San Marcial for seven days, the rations to be carried in the men's haversacks. Thermometer indicated the weather to-day at 7 a. m. 79 deg., 1 p. m. 95 deg., 7 p. m. 87 deg.

July 7, the usual routine of camp duty. Thermometer indicates the weather to-day at 7 a. m. 79 deg., 1 p. m. 95 deg., 7 p. m. 87 deg. July 8, directed

