
First Lieutenant Charles P. Nichols with twenty men of Company C, First Cavalry California Volunteers, to proceed by way of the head of the Tulerosa Valley and through the mountains to the Valley de los Playas, and define the wagon road suggested by Lieutenant-Colonel Davis, inspoector-general, U. S. Army, to connect Fort Goodwin, Ariz. Ter., with the main (overland) road to Tucson, and to make a full report in writing on his return as to practicability for a wagon road, on wood, water, grass, and such other information as he may deem necessary having reference to a good qagon road. He was also instructed that if he met with a transportation train en route to Fort Goodwin to return with it by the most practicable route. Copy of his order in detail sent through district headquarters for information of the department commander. July 9, acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence directed to make application for a sufficient guard to protect their herds from Indians, and will see that they are safely corraled at night and properly guarded. July 10, sent Lieutenant Stockwell, First Cavalry California Volunteers, with ten men and one non-commissioned officer of Company E, First Cavalry California Volunteers, in charge of mail matter for Major Smith's command in the field. He was directed to proceed to Pueblo Viejo (old town), on the Gila River, some fifteen miles above where Camp Goodwin was located, where he would meet an expres from Major Smith, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, the scouting on the Negrito, Prieto, and Bonito Rivers. July 11, Captain Haskell returned from his seven days' scout and rreported having scouted through Mount Turnbul. Found many deserted rancherias but no Indians, they evidently having left about the time Colonel Davis was exploring this valley for a site for Fort Goodwin. Found but little water, which was obtained by digging. A full report from Captain Haskell was forwarded through district headquarters for the information of the department commander. July 12, directed Lieutenant Smith, First California Infantry, with a detachment of twenty train to the Rio Miembres for stores, Colonel G. W. Bowie, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, commanding Disstrict of Arizona, having notified me that stores would be sent there, and from that point I would have to furnish the transportation and escort. Lieutenant Smith was directed to go by the 'Cienega Navjo (or Whitlock's) and by Major Smith's route to the Rio Miembres. An odometer was furnished this officer to ascertain the exact distance, and instructed to report al particulars fin reference to this route.

July 13, Captain Kennedy, Firsst Cavalry California Volunteers, in charge of Government supply train from Tucson, reported by special express his arrival at the cienega beyend Graham's Pass, and requested that water be sent out to meet him. Direcsted Captain Harrover, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, to take twenty-five men of his company to take two water-tanks filled with water in charge, and two Government wagons with as much water as could be hauled in barrels and kegs for the use of Captain Kennedy's command and the animals under his charge; also, a sufficient number of spades, shovels, and picks to make a road through Graham's Pass, if necessary; after meeting Captain Kennedy to return with him to this post. The route taken by Captain Kennedy was suggested by Lieutenant-Colonel Davis as a short route to Fort Goodwin from Tucson. The route proved entirely practicable for wagons. Captain Kennedy's report was forwarded through district headquarters for the information of the department commander. Colonel King Woolsey's command of seventy-six miners

