
arrived to-day from Fort Whipple, via Big Rump Valley, Pinal Creek, San Carlos River, and the Gila. Colonel Woolsey made a report in detail, which was forwarded through district heaadquarteers for the information of the department commander. He reported thirty aces of wheat and dabout fory acres of corn on Pinal Creek cultivated by the Apache Indians. The wheat being ripe, I thought it would be well to send a force into that section of country aat once to prevent the SIndians from thrashing and caching it in the mountains for winter use. I directed a command under Major Thomas J. Blakeney, First Cavalry California Volunteers, with the understanding that Colonel Woolsey, in command of a company of Arizona miners, should join him on the 30th of July after exploring the headwaters of the San Carlos River. His report in detail relating to that scout was forwarded to department headquarters. * The report shows that the San Carlos heads and runs in direction not shown on any map that I have seen. July 14, Captain Kennedy, First Cavalry California Volunteers, in charge of Government train, reported to-day all in good condition. Wagon master Wingate's train, brought in by Captain Kennedy, wwas forwarded as directed, to report to Major William McCleave, First Cavalry CCalifornia Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster at Las Cruces, N. Mex.

July 16, reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Davis, assistant inspector-general, the safe arrival of government trains at Tucson. It is the opinion of Captains Kennedy and Nichols, First Cavalry California Volunteers, that water can be found nearer than the cienega in the valley south of Mount Graham, by diggind. The distance from FortGoodwin via Graham's Pass to first waateer is thirty miles. Upon further examination it is probable that water can be found much nearer. One problem is settled. A good road for wagons from Tucson to the valley of the Gila through the valley of the San Pedro and Arivaypa is perfectly practicable and a much nearer route to Las Cruces, N. Mex., than the one by Apache Pass. The valley of the Gila is a fine one from the San Carlos to and above the mouth of the San Francisco and Prieto, and can easily be irrigatted. The banks of the Gila being steep, the stream can by means of dams be turned on the ground and the whole alley cultivated. If the Rio Negrito and Prieto should prove as rich in minerals as it is expected, then this valley will soon be thickly populated. The locating of Fort Goodwin has settled the reign of the murdering Apaches who have held it so long. Thier race is nearly run. Extinction is only a question of time. Published orders in detail for troops to take the field-Company E, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, and Company I, First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, and a detachment of Company E, First Cavalry California Volunteers. Copies of these orders and instructions to Major Blakeney, First Cavalry California Volunteers, were forwarded for the information of the department commander through district headquarters. July 17, sent party of nine men in charge of Sergeant Harshaw, Company K, First Infantry California Volunteers, to Fort Bowie with instructions to go by Graham's Pass and Ewell's Station, striking the old overland road near the latter point, to observe the character of the road, and on his return to report in writing as to distance, wood, water, and grass. From Sergeant Harshaw's report it will be seen that this route is preferable to the trail through the Chiricahua Mountains or by San Simon, the country being open and small parties not so liable to be attacked by

*See Vol. XLI, Part I, p. 81.

