
Indians. The route is also shorter. Sergeant Harshaw's report was forwarded to department headquarters. July 18, wrote to Governor Godwin, Governor of Arizona, in reply to his communication of 9th of June, informing him of the operations of troops from this command. Forwarded Colonel Woolsey's report to department headquarters; also Captain Kennedy's and Captain Nichols', First Cavalry California Volunteers, reports in detail. The report of the latter refers to the valley of the San Pedro and "Arivaypa, and is full of interes in view of opening communication by that route to Tucson and Port Lobos, on the Gulf of California. Major Blakeney's command were inspected and marched from Fort Goodwin at 5 p. m. The barrels of the men's muskets were blacked and every precaution taken to get the command to where the Indians wsere that could be. Major Blakeney was also furnished with good guides, who knew just where to go to find Indians. July 19, it rained to=day nearly all day, which cannot be other than beneficial to the grass in this vicinity, which will also be of great service to our animals. July 20, sent express to meet subsistence train and bring it up, the acting commissary of subsistence being out of the important parts of the ration, and troops expected in from the field. For want of transportation the quantity of stores on hand could not be increased so as to keep troops out as long as was desirable. July 21, with two or three men thoroughly examined the vicinity ofr six or eight miles for grass. Was successful in finding more than I expected, but not in sufficient quantity to afford grazing for any great length of time for the post herd and furnish hay for cavalry horses. Rain would help grass here very much. July 22, weather warm and showery during the day. July 23, inspected the troops at the post. During the day express arrived in charge of mail. Received Captain Plympton's report of scout made by Captait Cavalry within one day's march of Fort Goodwin. This relieved my anxiety about subsistence.

July 24, the usual routine of garrison duty here, cutting timber and completing quarters and store-rooms. July 25, Major Joseph Smith, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, returned from his scout on the headwaters of Prieto, Negrito, and San Francisco Rivers yesterday. He found but five Indians, they having left that section of country. The party he found hoisted the white flag and desired to have a talk with Lieutenant Martin, First Infantry California Volunteers. Major Smith met them. They ssaid that they were desirous for peace and would come in and bring their families, and would go then with him to camp, but moved off in another direction, when Major Smith opened fire on them. Out of eighteen he could count but fourteen who reached the canon leading to the mountain. Majro Smith reports that the region of country has all the appearance of being a gold-bearing country. Copper can be found in inexhaustible quantities. Major Smith reports that the region of country has all the appearance of being a gold-bearing country. Copper can be found in inexhaustible quantities. major Smith's report in detail was forwarded through district headquarters to department headquarters. July 26, verbally notified Major Smith that on the 28th he would be required to take the field again. July 27, having heard that Major Blakeney, First Cavlary California Volunteers, was not successful in accomplishing what he was sent to do, I ordered Major Joseph Smith, Fifthe Infantry California Volunteers, with all the men for duty in Company A, Fifth Infantry, and H, First Infantry California Volunteers, and E, First Cavalry California Volunteers, to proceed to the San Carlos on the 28th and join Major Blakeney's command, then at Pinal Creek. Major Smith was to take command of the whole; his

