
detachment to be rationed for thirty days. Although he had, with Company A, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, only returned from a twenty days' scout on the 24th, every one went to work with alacrity to get off promptly. I also furnished Major Smith with a copy of Captain Plympton's letter and route of Captain Pfeiffer, First Cavalry of New Mexico, against the Apaches from Fort Canby to the Sierra Planca. With department commander's indorsement thereon instructed him to make a depot on the San Carlos and fit out an expedition as the general commanding directed. Also to have the force left in charge of depot collect the grain found there and stored in wagons to be sent to Fort Goodwin. Copies of orders and instructions were forwarded through didstrict headquarters for the information of the department commander. I also transmitted through district headquarters skethc of the valley of the Tulerosa, in which Fort Goodwin is located. This sketch was made from the then unfinished survey of Lieutenant Lambet, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, together with a plan for a four-company post. This valley is certainly a beautiful one, and with care all the land north of the spring to the Gila can be made to producce crops which will add to (about 600 acres) the lands now fit for growing crops and for gardens. Aside from this, in a strategical point of view, in case of foreign war, the site is a fine one. There is but one pass into this valley or the valley of the Gila within many miles that artillery could be brought through, and that can be easily so fortified that it would require a large force to force it. The water is abundant, yet the volume of it can be increased, and is as pure as any mountain stream I have ever seen. I directed Lieutenant Lambert to survey a reserve for the post, which survey has been forwarded to department headquarters. Near the post a deposit of fine salt was found, the extent of which I had not time to examine at the time. Reports of Major Smith with sub-reports of Captain Fring, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers; Lieutenant Martin, First Infantry California Volunteers, with a journal of his route, were all forwarded to-day to department headquarters. Captain Thayer's report of operations on the San Carlos was forwarded yesterday, and I would take this occasion to say that for energy and perseverance but few officers surpass him. July 28 and 29, nothing of interest. July 30, for several ddays we have had showers, accompanied by high wind.

August 1, I directed Captain Thompson, First Infantry California Volunteers, to take twelve men of his company and one non-commissioned officer and scout for five days through Mount San Marcial for Indians, the men to carry their rations. Captain Thompson was also directed to report on mineral indications. August 2, special express arrived ordering me to send into Las Cruces, N. Mex., in time to be mustered out of service on the 31st instant, Companies D and H, First Infantry California Volunteers; Companies E and C, First Cavalry California Volunteers, and to repair in person to fort Craig, N. Mex., to muster out commissioned and non-commissioned staff of my regiment. To do this, troops in the field had to be recalled, which I regret, for the reason that they had become acquainted with the country, and guides had been procured that knew where to find Indians. Another month in the field would have resulted in clearing the Indians. Another month in the field would have resulted in clearing the Indians from the Prieto to Big Rump. As it is, the indins have for a time (except in small parties) left for Big Rump Valley, the Mogollon, and Sierra Blanca. Major Blakeney's report will show for itself. I cannot help but state that he at least exercised bad judgment. This is my opinion, that if

24 R R--VOL L, PT I

