
am sincerely opposed to taking up arms against the Government; am also opposed to taking up arms against my own people; do not like to take the oath of allegiance because I might thereby be compelled to take up arms against my own people; will, however, take it if it is required; am thirty years of age.

T. L. ROBERTS.

VI. R. H. Ward says:

I am from Jackson, Miss. ; came to California in 1852; for the first ten months in California I lived in Santa Barbara; then lived in Tuolumne till 1856; since that time I have lived in Merced County; a man by the name of Holland started with me from Merced; Holland has gone on overland to the Atlantic States; was acquainted with Benrook and Hamilton before starting from Merced; when I started it was my intention to go to Arkansas; when I got to Los Angeles I gave up the notion of going to Arkansas, and was about starting back to Merced when I heard of this party forming to go to Sonora, and made up my mind to go with it; throught of saying in Sonora a year or two, and then either returning to California or to Arkansas; was not fully determined to which State; I am conditionally a Union man; I do not believe in the right of any State to secede; all my sympathies are with the people of the South; all my people are in the South; am perfectly willing to take the oath of allegiance; never through of taking up arms against the Federal Government; I consider the seceded States as a portion of the United States; am twenty-seven years old.

R. H. WARD.

VII. T. W. Woods says:

I am from Bedford County, Va. ; have been in California since July, 1852; came from Missouri to this State; I left Placer County with the intention of going to Sonora, Mexico; T. L. Roberts and a man by the naem of Southwick started with me; had heard a good deal of Sonora as being a good country for mining; thought of prospecting for mines; I am a Union man, and always have been; don't believe any State has a right to secede; am perfectly willing to take the oath of allegiance.

T. W. (his x mark) WOODS.

VIII. J. M. Sampson says:

I was born in Louisville, Ky. ; came to this States in 1850; lived in Placer and El Dorado Counties a considerable portion of the time since I have been in this State; lived in Mariposa County three years; started to go to Mexico by water; heard of a party forming to go by land and joined it; I am a Union man; have no objection to taking the oath of allegiance; am thirty-five years old.

J. M. SAMPSON.

IX. S. A. Rogers says:

I am from Warren County, Tenn. ; came to California in 1854; came from Alabama to this State; have resided in Sacramenton County since I have been in this State; left Sacramento with the intention of going to Sonora, Mexico; my brother, who is now here, started with me; I was engaged in gardening in Sacramento County; knew of no party forming at the time I started from Sacramento; had no definite object in view in case Sonora did not suit me; wanted to go to the Atlantic States as soon as the present difficulty was settled; I am not an unconditional Union man; am willing to the oath of allegiance; my object in leaving the country was to avoid having anything to do with the present troubles.

S. A. ROGERS.

X. William Edwards says:

I am from Arkansas; came to California in 1854; have resided principally in Mariposa County until within the last two years, which time I have resided in Mono and Carson Valleys; came from Mono to thisplace in company with J. Lawrence; left Mono with the intention of spending the winter in Los Angeles, and then returning to Mono; met some acquantances at Los Angeles who were going to Sonora, Mexico, and concluded to go with them; expected no difficulty in getting to Sonora, unless it should be with Indians; was going to Sonora prospecting, and if I found nothing there that suited me to return to California; have mining claims at Mono; my people are residing in Arkansas; am a Union man; do not believe in the right of secession; am willing to take the oath of allegiance; am twenty-wo years old.

WILLIAM EDWARDS.

XI. James Lawrence says:

I am from Washington County, Ark. ; came to California in 1853; am twenty-three years of age; came to California when I was fourteen years old; have resided most of the time in Mariposa County; am a miner by occupation; came from Mono to this

