
Major Smith or Colonel Woolsey had arrived in time, from 200 to 500 Apaches would have come in. His zeal for an Indian boy resulted in stampeding the whole rancheria. Major Joseph Smith is an excellent officer, possesses energy, and exercises good judgment in handling his men, and at all times ready for any duty. The men under my command did their whole duty cheerfully. No better men could be found in any department. As directed, I turned over the command to Major Smith, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, and started for Las Cruces on the 11th of August, where I arrived on the 21st. Visited Franklin, Tex., district headquarters, on the 22d; returned on the 24th to Las Cruces and continued on that night to Fort Craig, where I arrived on the 27th. For three or four days we had to haul our wagons by hand, and one day made but three-quarteres of a mile. The unusual rains had so softened the ground that animals and wagons mired down at every step. It, however, has done much good to the grass. The Gila, San Simon de Sauz, and, in facct, the whole country from Fort Goodwin to Fort Craig, resembles our eastern meadows. The San Simon or Rio de Sauz I found quite a stream, and for many years, this I believe is the first that a running stream has run through this valley emptying into the Gila River. I was obliged to hug the mesas up to and near Whitlock's Cienega to cross it. I had in charge an Apache boy taken by Major Blakeney's command. He seemed to be well contented, and showed no disposition to get away, and was apparently much attached to my servant, but on the fourth or fifth night, near where Whitlock had his last fight, he escaped. No doubt he recognized the locality, and perhaps some of his people were in that vicinity. The results of the expedition are not barren. The Gila Valley and the sources of all the tributaries of the Gila have been thoroughly explored. The Apaches have been run out of that country, and with a few good troops stationed at Fort Goodwin, with a co-operation from the various posts north, this tribe will soon be compelled to surrender.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain B. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe, N. Mex.

MAY 25-JULY 13, 1864. -Expedition from Fort Wingate, N. Mex., to the Gila and San Carlos Rivers, Arriz. Ter., with skirmishes (June 7 and 8) on the San Carlos River.

Report of Captain Julius C. Shaw, First New Mexico Cavalry.

FORT WINGATE, N. MEX., July 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 25th day of May last, in Wingate, N. Mex., May 20, 1864, I left this post with a command company F, twenty enlisted men of Company B, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, one citizen (a guide), and myself (total, sixty-three men), with rations (on pack animals) for sixty days, to scout against the Apache Indians in the direction of the Sierra Blanca and the head of the Rio Gila. Consulting the guide I found that I could the mosts readily reach the Sierra Blanca via the Pueblo of Zuni. Accordingly

