
I proceeded in that direction and camped first night at the Jara, distance eighteen miles from this post. May 26, this morning whilst packing up preparatory to leaving camp one of the mules (being loaded) suddenly ran off, which, whilst the men were endeavoring to force it to return to the train, leaped down a precipice, injuring itself to such an extent that I was obliged to abandon it. Reaching the Gallinas, owing to the feeble condition of the mules, there being excellent pasturage at this place, I determined to encamp until the morrow; distance, eight miles. May 27, marched eighteen miles this day and camped at the Tanate [Tinaja?]. May 28, marched eighteen miles this day and camped at the Ojo Pescado. Experienced a heavy rain-storm to-day. May 29, marched sixteen miles and camped at the Pueblo of Zuni. More rain to-day. Here I determined to hire an interpreter to accompany the expedition, but could not induce one to go. By these Indians I was informed that five days previous to my arrival ten or twelve Apache Indians form the Sierra Blanca met Captain Pfeiffer at this place, and they asserted that the captain made a treaty of peace with the Apaches, and that the Governor of Zuni himself had taken copies of the articles of agreement to the commandant of Fort Canby. Not choosing to believe this report I determined to continue my journey without changing my course. To me it was clear that the Zuni Indians were anxious to screen the Apaches of the Sierra Blanca, and if they knew it would probably try to get information to them of my intended invasion of their mountains. May 30, leaving Zuni at an early hour this morning I marched about eighteen miles and camped on an arroyo. Roads have been very heavy to-day. One of the pack animals gave out and was abandoned, with possible chance of its falling into the hands of the Zuni Indians and perhaps thereby being saved to the Government. May 31, marched eight miles and camped at Deer Spring. Owing to the heavy fall of rain last night, which thorougly saturated the men's blankets and other articles, I concluded to remain here the balance of the day and dry our equipage.

June 1, marched eighteen miles and camped at the Arroyo Colorado. Roads very heavy, and with much difficulty I got some of my mules into camp. June 2, marched sixteen miles and camped on the south bank of the Rio Colorado Chiquito. Roads to-day have been nearly impassable. I had to cut timber and construct a bridge before crossing one arroyo. June 3, reached Ojo del Mal Pais, eighteen miles from Colorado Chiquito. June 4, reached Ojo del Oso, nineteen miles from last camp. This spring is situated on northern slope of the Sierra Blanca, and here we found the first indications of Apaches. June 5, marched ten miles and camped at a spring in the mountains, and send out small parties in all directions to search for recent trails or any other indications of our near proximity to Indians. These parties returned without finding any very recent signs. June 6, marched nineteen miles and camped at Apache Spring, which is situated in the heart of the Sierra. Had parties (acting as-flankers) out during the march to day looking for Indian signs, &amp;c. June 7, at 6 o'clock last evening, leaving twenty men in charge of my pack animals and provisions, with orders to follow after at the break of day, I started from camp with the balance of my command for the head of the Rio San Carlos, which stream we reached after traveling probably twenty-five miles, when, judging ourselves in the vicinity of Indians, concluded to wait for daylight to reveal to us their precise locality, at which time we found the rancherias all deserted, apparently not having been occupied for several days. Continuing our route down the western bank of river

