
until about an hour after sunrise, our attention was attracted by the barking of a dog somewhat to our right rear. Immediately deploying my men as skirmishsers, we advanced in that direction at the doublequick, and soon a brisk fire was opened from the center of the line. Hurrying to that point I discovered an Indian rancheria. The men (of which there were several), owing to the dense growth of low timber (cedar) which covered the entire slope of the high ridge on that side, succeeded in making good their escape. Finally, returning from the pursuit, I found at the rancheria one woman and one child (the latter probably ten years old) mortally wounded, both of whom subsequently died. Under the circumstances, and from the long distance from which the men fired, and their being partially concealed, it was impossible to distinguish male from female, or old from young. This will account for the killing of the woman and child, for the menhad received orders not to fire knowingly upon any such. Two other children were also found at this place. The woman, who spoke Spanish (and even claimed to be a Mexican, the truth of which I very much doubt), told me that at a short distance from that point I would find a large band of Indians. I at once started in the direction indicated, but after traviling several miles and finding all the rancherias deserted, and my men much fatigued and needing rest, I was obliged to call a halt and await the arrival of my packs, which came up all safe at 1. 15 p. m. During my temporary absence from the camp, owing to the neglect of one of the men the largest of the captured Indian children escaped and could not aft At quite a late hour several warriors bearing a white flag made their appearanee on a high ridge not far off and requested permission to come into camp. This I finally granted. They stated that they had for several days been aware of my approach and professed to believe us to be a party of Mexican traders; that they wished very much to purchase powder, lead, &amp;c., telling me that on the morrow a great many Apaches would come in to trade with me. It now being some time past sunset, I thought it best not to undeceive them until the following day, but insisted upon their retiiring to their own camp for the night, which they diid, sleeping within a mile of my own camp.

June 8, same camp as yesterday. Daylight discivered to me a large increase in the numbers of the Indians, I immediately issued orders to my men to hold themselves in readiness for action at a moment's notice, and was sorely tempted to march and attack them at once, but finally concluded that pergaps sby waiiting I might get them at a greater advantege, when finally they sent a messenger requesting permission to move their camp closer to the water. I indicated to them a point on the river, distant about 250 yards from my camp, to which they might come, informing them that they must not attemptto cross the stream. 'Toward this place they soon marched in single file, advancing with a large white flag at their head. Their numbers I ascertained to be (by actual count) seventy-six warriors and four old women, about one-half of which were armed with rifles and other fire-arms. The balance carried lances and bows and arrows, and some also carried slung-shots. In a few minutes more I had summoned them to a parley, when some camp, bearing with them their white flag, which they planted in the ground and placed themselves in a semicircle around it, when I advanced, accompanied byu Lieutenant Sanches. When all were seated they opened the conversation through their interpreter (one Francisco), a Mexican, who has been with them for many years, by asking what I had to sell, &c. I now told them that my business with them was not

