
to sell goods, but to fight them unless they complied with certain conditions. This having been duly explained to them, they said that they had not been deceived from the first in relation to the nature of my business in their country, for they had lately returned from Zuni, where they had met a captain wiith whom they had made a treaty of peace, and that they now wished to enter into a contract of the same nature with me. I demanded to see a copy of their agreement with said captain, which somewhat puzzled them, but finally acknowleged that they had none, but said that a certaiin Zuni Indian, Jose Maria, whom they style capitan, had given them some such a document, forbidding any soldiers molesting them in any way, &amp;c. This paper they could not produce. Being now at their wits' end, after stating that they had never killed or robbed anyone in New Mexico, but, on the contrary, had assisted in conquering the Navajoes and always went into Sonora to kill and plunder and get their captives, I explained to them tthat they would no longer be allowed to commit their depredations even in Sonora, which they seemed to think was a legitimate field for any piece of barbarism they might see fit to execute, and could not understand why we should iinterest ourselves about it. I told them that in less than a year we had subjugated the entire Navajo Nation, and now had nothing else to do but bring them to the same terms. they expressed a desiire to be informed how they might obtain peace. I told them only by surrendering themsesves and families prisoners until the war with their nation was over. In the meanwhile they would be treated kindly and fed, &c. ; that by thus separating themselves from their people we would know that they were our friends. They said that the Zunis had told them that after the Navajoes surrendered we had killed all the men, and left none alive but the women and children of whom we made slaves. Of this idsabuse them, but with little or no success. After much more talk of a similar nature they finally said that what few horses they had were so poor as to be unable at present to transport even their children, and offered to compromise the matter by letting their animals have one month in which to recuperate when they would all be ready and willing to go to any place that might be required. In the meantime they proposed to send with me immediately one of their capitans and thirty warriors as hostages. This certainly had the appearance of honesty and honorable intentions, and I was flattering myself on the successful termination of my negotiation, when the Indians requested permission to retire to their people for the purpose of deciding and selecting those that were to go with me. I gave them one hour to complete their arrangements. At the expiration of the time specifiied, having allowed them several minutes' grace, I called to them informing them that the time was up, and demanded the fulfillment of their promise, when I noticed some of the Indians gliding out of camp. These I ordered to halt, but instead of so doing the balance commenced a general movement which I could not understand, and believing that they were about to decamp en masse, I ordered my men to fire upon the whole party. At the first volley fourteen or fifteen Indians fell, my men continuing to fire and advance. The mounted Indians fled across the river and thence down the canon, those on foot breaking to the left toward the mountains. These latter being by far the larger portion, I, of course, directed my men to their pursuit, and whilst they were crossing an open space of nearly half a mile in width several were severely wounded, but whether mortally so or not I cannot certainly sasy. Upon gaining the mountains they scattered in several

