
directions, but a portion of the men continued the pursuit until a late hour, some of them returning to camp after ddark; from the pursuit I visited the scene of the opening of the ball, and was astonished to find not a single Indian on the ground. During our absence the mounted Indians, some eighteen or twenty in mumber, had evidently returned and borne off the bodies of their dead companions. After the affair I found myself in possession of 1 hourse, 5 rifles, 6 lances, and several bows and arrows, some blankets, buckskins, &amp;c., Indian property. The arms were rendered worthless by breaking and afterward thrown into the river. The bows and arrows were burnt. Thus ended my peace negotiation, and yet I am inclined to the belief that a majority of these Indians were anxious for peace, and rather than fight would have complied with my demand, but owing to the influence of one of their chiefs, named Soldado, and the mexican, Francisco, who has great influence with them, they succeeded in persuading them to resist; and as they outnumbered us, to fight us, and at least attempt the capture or stampede of our mules; but I had them too well secured and probably I opened upon them (the Indians) before they had their plans properly matured. Again I labored under a great disadvantage, having to rely solely upon what Francisco said in the way of interpretation on both sides. Not a man of my detachment received even a scratch in the affair.

June 9, passed the night without any demostrations of an attacck. Leaving camp this morning I proceeded to scout and scour the surrounding country, and finally camped some fifteen miles farther down young as to render it impossible to effectually destroy them, but should I return by this route then it may be done. Saw but few Indians to-day, and them at a long distance off, and in such positions that pursuit would be useless. All the rancherias are deserted, the woment and children doubtless hidden in the fastnesses of these mountain gorges. June 10, after vainly trying yesterday and last night to surprise and capture Indians in this vicinity, I this morning concluded to leave them for a time and let them settle down once more, when pergaps upon my return from the Gila I may be able to surprise them once again. Having come to this determination I broke my camp and marched in the direction of the Rio Azul, and after a most laborious march of eight and a half hours over a very rugged piece of country made camp on the south bank of the Azul. Lieutenant Sanches, who was in advance this day, upon approaching the river descried a small party of Indians, and giving chase succeeded in mortally wounding one. This fellow was shot by the lieutenant himself. The nature of the country being so broken and precipitous the remainder of this band got away unharmed. June 11, continuing our journey this day in the direction of the Gila (by the only route known to my guided), having traveled twenty-five miles over country so broken and rough as to defy description, I finally camped at some water-holes. Saw no Indians, but did see many deserted rancherias. June 12, marched thirty-five miles and camped on the Rio Gila. The nature of the country traveled over very similar to that of yesterday. Guide undertook to pilot the command across to the fRio Tuolerosa, but getting lost we finally found ourselves on the Gila. Saw no Indians and but few recent indications. June 13, marched twelve miles to-day and camped on the Gila The mules being very much exhausted from overwork yesterday, I was obliged to go into camp early. June 14, marched twenty miles and camped on the Gila. June 15, marched about nine miles and came upon the camp of Colonel E. A. Rigg, commanding Apache Expedition. Having reported to this officer, I received

