
from him a letter of instructions advising and directing me to retrace my route via the Sierra Blanca, &amp;c. Accordingly, breaking my camp at about midniight I directed my course down the Rio Gila, down which I contiinued to travel on the 16th, 17th, 18th, and 19th of June, when upon reaching the mouth of the Tulerosa I ascended the stream about three miles and camped. June 20, continued up the Tulerosa, amrching twenty miles, and camped. Passed several fine fields of corn, some beans and vines this day, but as requested by Colonel Rigg not to destroy any crops on this strream within the vicinity of the site selected for the new post, I did nt destroy or disturb anything on this stream. June 21, having found no Indians on the Tulerosa, and the stream becoming very feeble, and the valley having contracted into a narrow, rocky, deep canon affording no place for planting, consequently but small chance of finding Indians, I left the rio, striking out in a northwestly direction, when fiindiing a fresh Indian trail I pushed on wiith all possible speed until we arrived at some deep canons, where the main trail diivided or branched into numerous others. Haviing lost our principal trail, and the signs having become nearly obliterated, our pack train being far in the rear, the men having marched sixteen miles, began to feel the need of breakfast, consequently called a halt for the purpose of preparing that meal. The mule train did not reach us for three hours, when II found that another of the ules had given out, and not being able to get it into camp it was killed to prevent its falling into thedians. At 6 p. m. continued our route until it became so dark that we could not possibly proceed in that broken country. Saw three Indians this evening, but they were on the top of a high mesa, between us and which was an impassable canon. Our guns not being able to reach them, and night being close at hand, I was obliged to let them pass. Having marched at least forty miles this day, we were finally compelled to go into camp without water.

June 22, leaving dry camp this morning when the moon rose, after marching twenty miles we reached the rio Azul once more, but may miles farther down the stream than where Ii csrossed when going out. Saw no Indians this day, but in passing a narrow defile in a very precarious situation, we suddenly found the only passage completely filled with large rocks which the Indians had rolled int the road for the purpose of delaying our march. This I imagine was done last night, expecting us to continue our route, when, whilst we would have been removing the obstructions fefore being able to proceed, they could under the cover of darkness have done us a deal of damage without themselves being in he least exposed. At sunset continued our route, and having marched about ten miles made a dry camp and halted for the moon to rise. June 24, starting this morning at 3 o'clock we reached the San Carlos at 7 o'clock, having marched twelve miles. Upon the a field of twenty-five or thirty acres of corn. Here we found and broke some farming implements, hoes, &c. At 5 p. m. raised camp and proceeded a few miles down the river. Found another small field of corn, which we destroyed, and camped for the night. June 24, without moving camp this day, at an early hour I sent a portion of my comparty traveled down the river twelve or fifteen miles, but found neither corn nor Indians. Meantime other parties have been scouring the neighboring canons for Indians but found none. June 25, raised camp at an early hour and commenced my return up the river. Marching up the sstream about twenty miles, thence up one of its tributaries four

