
trip to remaining longer (under the circumstances) at this time. Accordingly on the 5th of July we turned our faces homeward, and by slow but steady marching reached Fort Wingate on the 13th, having been out fifty-one days, nine days less than the time for which I had been rationed. By various accidents I had lost some flour, considerable sugar and coffee, and the heat of the sun had greatly reduced my rations of bacon; so much so that upon my arrival at this place thare was only left enough for two or three day's consumption. On the 16th July, one day's march below Camp Goodwin, two men deserted, taking their arms and accouterments. The same two men deserted six or seven months ago whilst on scout under Lieutenant Jose Maria Sanches. They are from Mesilla, and have probably made their way to that portion of the country. It is estimated that the warriors of the Sierra Blanca and vicinity will number from 350 to 400, about one-half of whom are armed wiith fire-arms, and I would respectfully state that I deem (owing to the nature of the country) a force of less than 125 to 150 men inadequate to prosecute successfuly a war against them, simply because a less number can not cover simultaneously enough ground. In my case with but sixty men against the Apaches of the Sierra Blanca, who have the reputation of fighting troops man for man, less than one-hlaf of my force could never be left with the packs, and even then, whenever I was away from them for more than six o eight hours at a time I was not without my apprehensions for their safety. Again, I would respectfully suggest the propriety of stationing an officer and say twenty or twenty-five men at the Pueblo of Zuni, for the purpose of preventing those Indians from trading with the Apaches, who undoubtedly procure from that place arms, powder, lead, blankets, and in short, every article necessary to themselves, giving in exchange horses, mules, and captives. Colonel Rigg, to whom I mentioned these facts, coincided with me that a station should be maintained at Zuni to prevent this trade, &amp;c. In closing this report I can not in justice refrain from mentioning that from First Liieut. Jose Maria Sanches I received at all times ready, willing, and most efficiient aiid, and I cannot too highly commend the willingness and alacrity diisplayed by the greater portion of the men composing my command to obey all others, and the cheerfulness with which they underwent severe hardshiips during marches, &c., in pursuit of Indiians is well worthy of emulation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JULIUS C. SHAW,

Captain, First Cavalry New Mexico Vols., Commanding Detachment.

Major E. W. EATON,

First Cav. New Mexico Vols., Commanding Fort Wingate, N. Mex.

JUNE 8-AUGUST 9, 1864-Expedition from Fort Churchill to the Humboldt River, Nev. Ter.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Major Charles McDermit, Second California Cavalry.

Numbers 2. -Captain Almond B. Wells, First Nevada Cavalry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Major Charles McDermit, Second California Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., September 4, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to iinclose herewith Captain Well's report of his late expedition up the Humbolt River, also to Smoke Creek and

