
Surprise Valley. I was in Surprise Valley in 1852 and 1853. It is situated at the east side and at the base of the Nevada Mountaiins, about 175 miles north of this post, 60 miles east of Fort Crook, and by the Lassen route 200 miles east from Yreka, and about the same distance from Rogue River Valley. It was in the north end of this valley where Captain Warner had a severe battle with the Indians in the year 1849 or 1850. The Indians are not very numerous, but they are expert thiieves. The water, grass, and timber are abundant and of the best quality. I think it would be well to have a company of troops stationed in this valley for one or two years, but not permanently, as the country will in a few yhears be settled, and the Indians eiither run off or become domesticated. There is a good wagon road from Humboldt River to Surprise Valley, also from Fort Crook and Yreka. If the general commanding would wish me to go to Surprise Valley in October to select a military station I will be pleased to do so. The troops can put up their quarters without any expense to the Government, as the timber is abundant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. McDERMIT,

Major, Second California Cavalry Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sacramento, Cal.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,Sacramento, September 9, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters.

Captain doughty, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, is, by my order, now moving to Surprise Valley for the purpose of examining the country. When his report is received it will be submitted to the general commanding the department.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 2.

Report of Captain Almond B. Wells, First Nevada Cavalry.

June 8, 1864, left Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., pursuant to orders from Major Charles McDermit, commanding post, at 8 a. m. ; traveled east ten miles and camped about 2 p. m. ; water and wood plenty. Camp Numbers 1, June 9, left camp at 7 a. m. ; traveled a distance of eighteen miles in an easterly direction and arrived at camp at 3 p. m. ; wood and water plenty. Camp Numbers 2, June 10, left camp at 5 p. m. ; traveled a distance of thirty-five miles in a northeasterly direction; arriived at the sink of Humboldt River at 4 o'clock next morning. This was a complete desert, the whole distance being destitute of wood, grass, and water. Camp Numbers 3, June 11, laid over one dday to rest men and animals, they being much fatigued, as also the animals of supply train. June 12, traveled a distance of thirty-five miles; encountered a severe rain=storm, which lasted from 11 a. m. till 3 p. m. Camp Numbers 4, June 13, left camp at 7 a. m. ; traveled a distance of twenty miles and arrived at Camp Numbers 5 at 3 p. m. Laid over two days in a fine valley supplied with an abundance of wood, water, and grass. Several of

