
the animals stampeding was the cause of my detention in the camp. However, I was fortunate in recovering the whole of them. Left the camp on the morning of the 14th of June; the command arrived at Star City, in the west range of the Humboldt Mountains, about 2 p. m., traveling a distance of twenty-two miles over a barren country. Thinking iit prudent to rest men and horses previous to the many deserts I had to cross, and the place affording the best kind of grass and water, I camped here for three days. Camp Numbers 6, June 19, here I divided the command, taking fifty men with me to visit the scene of the late massacre; the remaining twenty men I sent with the train both to form a junction at Camp Pollock, in Smoke Creek Valley; traveled twenty-six miles; crossed the Humboldt River at Basse's Ferry; grass and water plenty. Camp Numbers 7, June 20, left camp at 5 a. m. and traveled in a northerly direction a distance of fifty miles, thirty miles of which was a desert country without wook, water, or grass; camped at 7 p. m. Camp Numbers 8, June 21, left camp at 8 a. m. and traveled a distance of twenty-nine miles over a mountainous country. Here was the scene of the late massacre. Country supplied with abundance of grass, wood, and water. Camp Numbers 9, June 22, left camp at 9 a. m. ; arrived at Camp Numbers 10 at 3 o'clock, having traveled a distance of eighteen miles; wood, water, and grass plenty. Camp Numbers 10. June 23, left camp at 4 a. m. and and traveled in a southwesterly diirection a distance of fifty-five miles, the whole distance beiing an alkali plain, and arrived at Rabbiit Hole Station, on the Humboldt and Susanville road, at ddark. Grass very poor, water scarce, and no wood. Camp Numbers 11, June 24, left camp at 7 a. m. and arrived at Hot Spriings Station, distance of twenty miles directly west of Rabbit Hole, at 2 p. m. ; wood and grass very scarce. Camp Numbers 12, June 25, left Camp Numbers 11 at 4 a. m. and traveled a distance of twent-four miles directly west over an alkali country and arrived at Camp Numbers 12 6 p. m. ; water plenty, but wood and grass scarce. June 26, left Camp Numbers 12 at 5 a. m. and traveled a distance of thirty-five miles, thirty miles of which is a junction with the train and are awaiiting supplies. Remained at Camp Pollock until July 18, 1864.

July 8, sent Lieutenant Littlefiield with detachment of ten enlisted men; took up the march to Surprise Valley, a distance of about fifty miles, with instructions from commanding officer to; be absent for eight days, at the expiration of which time to report to Camp Pollock. Detachment arriived at camp on the evening of the 15th, having traveled a distance of about 180 miles, traversing nearly all of Surprise Valley (which is about sixty-nine miles in length) without meetiing any Indians. This valley is situated at the base of the Sierra Nevada Mountains, about seventy-five miles from Susanville, Cal., the greater portion of which is in the State of California. here wild game of nearly all kinds abounds, with an abundant supply of bunch grass and clover. Water of every description, from boiling hot springs to the pure mountain streams, in all parts of the valley. Detachment arriving in good order, the whole command remained at Camp Pollock until July 18,, losing one enlisted man by disease and eight by desertion. July 19, left Camp Pollock at 5 a. m. ; traveled a distance of thirty miles in a westerly direction; arrived at Camp Numbers 14 at 6 p. m. ; grass and wood scarce; water plenty. July 20, left Camp Numbers 14 att 5. 30 a. m. and traveled a distance of twenty miles in a westerly direction, and arrived at Camp Johns, near Susanville, in Honey Lake Valley, Cal., at 2 p. m. Whole command staid at this camp until July 25, when, pursuant to

