
place; left Mono with the intention of going to the Bear Valley mines, in California; afterward concluded to go to Sonora, Mexico; left Mono in company with William Edwards; knew of no party forming to go south when I started; met Showalter at Los Angeles; he included me to go to Sonora; was going for the purpose of prospecting; my relatives reside in Arkansas; did not except to have any difficulty in getting Colorado at Fort Yuma; I am a Union man; believe that the present Administration has done right in all things pertaining to the present war with the South; am twenty-three years old.

JAMES LAWRENCE.

XII. Levi Rogers says:

I am from the State of Alabama; came to California in 1858; have lived in Sacramento County all the time I have been in the State; am a brother of S. A. Rogers, who is with the party; left Sacrmaneto County alone; met my brother at Visalia; left Sacramento with the intention of going to Sonora; had throught of going to Alabama to see my folks; expected to have no difficulty in going to Alabama and returning when I pleased; am willing to serve the Government of the United States if necessary; am a Union man; do not believe in the doctrine of secession; am willing to take the oath of allegiance; saw a man at Temecula named Morgan, who, I think, told ourparty that we would probably be arrested if we followed the road; am twenty-five years of age.

LEVI ROGERS.

XIII. Henry Crowell says:

I am from Erie County, Pa. ; left there in 1849; went to Illinois; came to California in 1851; have lived most of the time in Mariposa County; am a miner by occupation; started to go to Sonora or Arizona; my object was to prospect for mines; started in company with a man by the name of Gilbert, who is now in Mariposa, and Dan Showalter, who is now here with this party; have mining claims in Mono, to which I intend returning after a going to Sonora; I am a constitutional Union man, and believe the Constitution is all Union; am willing to take the oath of allegiance; Ritchie and Morgan at Temecula recommended our party to take the trail to Santa Isabel to strike the overland route at Carriso Creek; seemed to take a good deal of interest in the matter; am twenty-yfour years of age.

HENRY CROWELL.

XIV. William Turner says:

I was born in Cass County, Ga. ; came from Arkansas to California in 1849; have lived in Amador County ever since; am a miner by occupation; left Amador with the intention of spending the winter in Los Angeles; when I got to Los Angeles I heard of a party forming at El Monte to go to Sonora, Mexico; I concluded to join it and bought my horse at El Monte; am a Union man; willing to take the oath of allegiance; and twenty-two years of age.

WM. TURNER.

XV. A. King says:

I am from Carroll County, Tenn. ; came from Texas to California in 1854; have been in oregon part of the time since 1854; am a laborer; have lived in Mariposa the most of the time for the last two years, driving tema the most of the time for Colonel Fremont; came from Mono here; left Mono alone; came from Mariposa in company with Wilson and Sumner; thought of going to Texas, and joined the party to go to Sonora; am a Union man; was going to Texas to visit my relatives; intended going through to Texas from Sonora if I could get through; Wilson intended going through to Texas, ans Sumner to North Carolina; am willing to take the oath of allegiance; am thirty-five years old.

A KING.

XVI. Dan Showalter says:

I was born in Greene County, Pa. ; came to California in 1852; have lived the greater portion of the time in Mariposa County; my occupation is that of a miner; started for Sonora from Virginia City about one month since; intended going to some mines in Los Alamos, Sonora, and if an opportunity offered, to go through to Texas or Missouri, if I did not like Sonora; had no organized party whatever; started from Virginia City in company with a man by the name of Gilbert; was joined by Crowell at Aurora; Gilbert stopped at Mariposa; taking trail from Temecula was very much against my wish; a majority of the party were in favor of it, and I acceded to it; am perfectly willing to take the oath of allegiance; am thirty years of age.

DAN. SHOWALTER.

