
orders from headquarters Fort Churchill, a detachment of thirty men with twenty days' rations, under command of Lieutenant Littlefield, took up march for Unionville, in Humboldt County, Nev. Ter. (report of proceedings of detachment is herewiith submitted), the balance of the command remaining at Camp Johns. Detachment under Lieutenant Littlefield returned to Camp Johns August 9, after which the whole command [remained] at the camp untl August 17, when a detachment of forty men, commanded by Captain Wells, left for the summit of the Sierra Nevada Mountaiins with four days' rations, the remaining portion of the command, under Lieutenant Wolverton, removed camp about two miles for the purpose of gettig better feed for animals. Arrived at new Camp Numbers 15 at sundown, and remained here until ordered to report to Fort Churchill, the detachment under Captain Wells arriving on the 20th of August. Whole command remained at the camp until August 24, when we broke up camp and started for Fort Churchill. Traveled a distance of thirty miles amp Numbers 16 at 6 p. m. Water plenty, grass scarce.

August 25, left Camp Numbers 16 at 6 a. m. ; traveled a distance of twenty miles in a southwesterly direction; arrived at Camp Numbers 17 at 3 p. m. Wood and water plenty, grass scarce. August 26, left Camp Numbers 17 at 5 a. m., traveling a distance of thirty-two miles through Long Valley in a southwesterly direction; arrived at Camp Numbers 18 at 6 p. m. This camp was at Pea Vine Station on the road from Susanville to Virginia City; but little water and no grass. August 27, left camp at sunriise and traveled a distance of thirty-two miles, arrivne at Camp Numbers 19 at 5 p. m., Virginia City. No grass, plenty of water. August 28, left Viirginia City at 6 a. m. ; arriived att Fort Churchill at 3 p. m. ; distance from Virginia Ciity at 6 a. m. ; arrived at Fort Churchill at 3 p. m. ; distance from Virginia City, twenty-five miles.

Respectfully submitted to March Charles McDermit, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, commanding Fort Churchill.

A. B. WELLS,

Captain Company D, First Cavalry Nevada Territory Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

July 25, 1864, detachment of Company D left Camp Johns, near Susanville, Cal., at 6 a. m. (Lieutenant Littlefield in command) for Uniionville, on the Humboldt River; traveled forty miles over dry and dusty plains; arrived at Mud Springs at 6 p. m. Good water and hay for horses. July 26, left mud Springs at 6 a. m. ; arrived at Smoke Creek Station at 10. 30 a. m. Good water and hay for stock. Took in Government grain for horses, and purchased beef for men. Heaby showers of rain during the night. July 27, left Smoke Creek at 5 a. m. ; watered at Buffalo Springs; arrived at Deep Hole at 4 p. m. ; distance of thirty-four miles. Found water and hay for horses. During the night three men deserted, taking with them three Government horses, three saddles and bridles, three revolvers, and two carbines. July 28, left Deep Hole 6 a. m. ; arrived at Hot Springs 4. 30 p. m. ; found hay for stock; water bad. July 29, lefdt Hot Springs at 5 a. m. ; arrived at Willow Creek at 6. 30 p. m. after a harrd drive of forty miles. Hay and at Saint Mary's on Humboldt, at 1 p. m. Camped at Humboldt River; plenty water and hay for stock. July 31, Lieutenant Littlefield left camp at Saint mary's for Unionville, leaving command at camp. Stock and men in good condition.

August 1, still at camp. August 2, Lieutenant Littlefield returned from Unionville at 2 p. m. August 3, still at camp. August 4, started

