
back to Camp Johns at 5 o'clock, arrived at Rabbit Hole Station at 3. 30 p. m. ; distance of thirty miles. Found good hay for stock, but water bad. August 5, left Rabbit Hole at 5 a. m. Stock in good condition; arrived at Hot Springs 2 p. m. ; distance twenty miles. Found hay and poor water. August 6, left Hot Springs at 5 a. m; arrived at Deep Hole at 3 p. m., traveling twenty-four miles to-day. August 7, left Deep Hole at 5 a. m. ; arrive at Smoke Creek at 4 p. m. ; distance thirty-two miles. Good water and hay for stock. August 8, left Smoke Creek at dark, traveling all night. August 9, arrived at Soldier's Bridge at daylight; fed stock and proceeded to Camp Johns; arrived at 9 a. m.

JUNE 24, 1864-Attack on wagon train on the John Day's Road, near Fort Klamanth, Oreg.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Drew, First Oregon Cavalry.

CAMP ON SPRAGUE'S RIVER, THIRTY MILES EAST OF FOR KLAMATH,

July 2, 1864.

COLONEL: I have to report that on the 24th ultimo the Indians attacked a train on the California and John Day's road about forty wounded, one severely, and seven head of cattle taken and 3,000 pounds of flour destroyed. the train fell bakc to the John Day's Ford, on this river, a few miles to the eastward of this camp, where it now is. The man that was the most severely wounded has been sent to the hospital at fort Klamath. The Indians who made the attack are doubtless of the Klamath Lake, Modoc, and Goose Lake tribes. I have directed of the fort and at Williamson's Lake, requiring all the Iindians there to report at once at the fort. In this way I hope to ascertain who are absent, so that sooner or later I may require the absentees to give an account of their whereabouts at the present tiime. I shall march slowly toward the Goose Lake country, so that I may be within express distance from Fort Klamath should more troops be required there or in that vicinity. I have directed the issue of rifles and ammuniition to the workment at the fort, if necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. DREW,

Lieutenant Colonel Firsst Cavalry Oregon Vols., Commanding Owyhee Expedition.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. ARMY,

San Francisco, Cal.

JULY 20-AUGUST 17, 1864. -Expedition from Fort Boise to Boonville, Idaho Ter.

Report of Colonel Reuben F. Maury, First Oregon Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., August 19, 1864.

SIR: As indicated in letter of 19th July, I left this post on the next day, relinquishing temporarily the command to Camptain Seidenstriker,

