
that enter the main Owyhee here. Thorough search was made of all, but we failed to discover them. Not having any animals with them made it more difficult to trace them. The effort beiing abandoned, and feling satisfied that they were not (on account of the absence of animals and evidences of the sign in the vicinity) any portion of the main party of which we hoped to discover a sign, we continued our course, though to keep it we were compelled to make a detour north of east some fifteen miles in order to pass these canons. On again obtainiing our course we struck in the evening the return trail of the citizens. Two or three miles to the east we found also their outward trail. From indicataions in this vicinity I concluded that they had overtaken the Indians and dispersed them. Heavy showers of rain having fallen since their attack prevented any disscovery of signs indicating the route by which the Indians escaped, though I concluded on reasonable grounds that they had gone to the Humboldt or Queen's River Mountains, and having reached a point as far south as I expected to go, and from the nature of the force with me, mostly infantry, and from all the attendant circumstances, that it would require several weeks with a force capable of moving more rapidly than that with me to discover their hiding place, I determined, wiith much disappointment, to move easst to determine if possible whether any part of the origiinal band had gone to the waters that flow directly to Snake River, thence north to boonville, thinking perhaps some might yet be concealed in the mountains. From this camp, distant about 100 miles south of the mouth of Jordan Creek, the Snow Mountains (Steen's) were plainly visible to the northwest, the Queen's River to the wt to the southwest, and the GooseCreek to the south. To the east the mountaiins break into high table-land, covered with volcanic rock and sage brush, with good grass in frequent places. Our camp was near, I think, the forty-second parallel of latitude, the country in every direction presentiing the same general character. Here was the only crossiing of the Owyhee accessible to animals that we had found, and in one instance only besides that, a foot-trail to the river, the bed of which, when seen from the tops of the immense walls that inclose it looks like a small brook. We reached this casmp August 2, and reconnoiterd sufficiently to determine the condition of affairs. I marched east on the 3d, crossing, as usual, many terrific canons. A grat many old Iindiian trails and camps were seen, but none presented any evidence of use for the last ten or twelve mounths. Most of the trails-all, in fact, that were well defined-coming from the south and east and centeriing toward the crossiing of the Owyhee referred to. In all the camps were evidences of much stock having been butchered. On this day (the 3d) we marched some eighteen miles, keeping up, as usual, vigilant scouting, without any discoveriies more than those referred to above.

On the 4th scouting parties reported the discovery of the camp where Jordan was killed. I moved to it and camped for the day withy a view to determine the probable number who had occupied it, as well as to ascertain if possible whether the band hadd separated and pursued different routes. Scouting parties of the cavalry under Lieutenants White and Hobart were kept busy the balance of the day, while the camp and its vicinity were minutely examined by the infantry, from all of which I concluded that no separation had taken place; that there were in the band from 300 to 400 men, women, and children, the latter undoubtedly largely predominating, with not to exceed twenty-five head of horses and mules. Evidences, however, of the butchery of many of recent dates were found in this as well as the camp occupied previously. The flight from the camp was evidently precipitated, and took

