
place some four or five days after the killing of Jordan. From this camp we marched northeast through the mountains and struck the head of Jordan Creek above Silver City on the 8th. Went into camp near Boonville; determined on account of reports from Camas Prairie and Salmon Falls that Ii could not, as previously expected, establish a camp in Jordan Creek Valley, the limited number of men under my control not permitting attention to both at the same time, while the settlements on the prairle and the travel by Salmon Falls, on account of their proximity and general disposition of the force of the district, were more directly under my charge. Rested one day in camp near Boonville and resumed the march, intending to go on the Lower Owyhee in the vicinity of the fisheries, thinking that the operations of Captain Currey might have driven some from the Malheur to them. On inspection of the infantry I found them all quite or nearly barefooted, having worn out two pairs of shoes each in twenty-days' march. With the exception of the camp at Boonville, the command did not sleep two nights in any one camp. I directed the infantry to prroceed to Fort Boise under command of Lieutenant Funk, and proceeded with Lieutenants White and Hobart and twenty-four men of the cavalry to the fisheries, which we reached on the night of the 12th, making a night march to them with the hope of surprising any party that might be there. Reached their oldd camps quietly, but found that they had not only not been occupied since last February or March, when they left on account of the approach of Major Rinearson with troops, but that not an Indian had visited that part of the river since. We examined the country for several miles up and down the river without the discovery of any sigh except that of the last winter. Found a mule which was abandoned by Major Rinearson's party and two Indian ponies and the fresh sigh of two head of cattle. The latter no doubyt were abandoned by the Indians in their flight last spring. They were wilder, if possible, than deer, and after spending the best part of a day in ineffectual efforts to capture them returned to camp and left next morning, August 14, for Fort Boise, which we reached at daylight on morning of 17th, making a night march of thirty-five mikes across the desert between Snake River and the Boiise on account of the heat and scarcity of water. We were absent twenty-eight days. No casualties or untoward events of any nature occurred during the trip. The spirit and endurance of officers and men were highly satisfactory and commendable. I have been thus particular, at the risk of being tedious on account of uninteresting details, in order that the general may understant why the expedition failed to accomplish the wished for results-the destruction of the band of Indians, as well as our efforts to deserve better success.

Although as I learned after my return to Boonville that the party of citizens returned the evening of the morning upon which I left Jorddan Creek, I was not apprised of the information they had acquired or their conclusion as to where the Indians had gone. Members of the party informed me that previous to their overtaking the party which they attacked the band had separated, the one which they attacked the band had separated, the one which they followed taking all the stock so far as they could determine, the other party going southeast, traces of which we failed to discover on account of the heavy showers of rain before alluded to. The party killed and scalped according to their own account thirty-five. kThe scalps were brought in. The number of men killed is stated by different parties from 2 to 7, remainder women and children. Some few men were seen to escape at

