
the first attack which took place about 5 p. m. I could not learn that there was any large number of men. After dark the citizens retired, having lost 2 men killed. The next morning the entire party had disappeared, and pursuit was not attempted. Infants were thrown against rocks and killed. The circumstances of our difficulties with these savages are no doubt very aggravating, but their conduct is no palliation for brutalizing our own race. I conclude that if the general belief as to the number of men belonging to the band, say 125, is correct, which I think is very near correct, and that if the band divided, that the party attacked was composed of the women and children, with only a very few men; also that these Iindains are the same which Major Rinearson disturbed last March at the fisheries of the Lower Owyhee; that there was not, except the small party referred to before, any other Indians on the east side of the Owyhee from its mouth to the most southern point reached by us, and that these crossed to the west siide, leaving the vicinity of the river. I shall keep the cavalry here busy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquartters Distriict of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

AUGUST 8-12, 1864. - Scout from Camp Anderson to Bald Mountain, Cal.

Report of Sergt. William C. Hillis, Company B, First Battalion California Mountaineers.

CAMP ANDERSON, CAL., August 13, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with order, Numbers 24, I marched at 6 a. m. the 8th with nine men and four days' rations; made my way to Bald Mountaiin and camped at 4 p. m. Tuesday, 9th, went to Angel's ranch and saw Indian signs. Camped between Angel's ranch and Mrs. Bremer's, in a point of timber, and scouted around until darrk and found a beef that had been killed about three days by Indians. Wednesday, 10th, left camp 5 a. m. ; made my way to Mad River down through a gulch bearing north-northwest; arrived at the riiver at 9 a. m. Lefdt four men in camp, and with the rest reconnoitered up and down the river abot five miles and saw no signs. At 4 p. m. proceeded to Bark Shanty Prairie, about four miles, and saw the remains of a beef killed by Indians and where they had been picking hazwlnuts; signs about three dasy old. Then proceeded to Barney's ranch, about six miles, and camped at 7 p. m. Thursday, 11th, left camp at 5. 30 a. m. Went round by Hart Prairie; from tthere to Bald Mountain; saw about seventy-five head of cattle iin a band; then took the old Redwood traiil and marched down the mountain for Redwood; heard a gunshot down on the river. When within 200 yards of the river halted and hid our rations and blankets; then reconnoitered up and down the river and saw tracks going in every direction; then took up the east side of the mountain about a mile and back down to the river. Went down the river a mile and camped back of the river on a small creek at 7. 30 p. m. Friday, 12th, at 4 a. m. left four men in camp; with the other five scouted around until 11 a. m. ; saw signs leading down the river; followed them to

25 R R--VOL L, PT I

