
within two miles of Camp Anderson, when they turned off into the timber in the direction of Hoopa Valley. Arrived at Camp Andrson at 3 p. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. HILLIS,

Sergt., Company B, First Batt. Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Detachment.

Major W. S. R. TAYLOR,

Commanding Camp Anderson.

AUGUST 27-OCTOBER 5, 1864. -Expedition from Fort Boise to Salmon Falls Idaho Ter., with skirmishes.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Colonel Reuben F. Maury, First Oregon Cavalry.

Numbers 2. -Lieutenant Charles Hobart, First Oregon Cavalry, commanding expedition.

Numbers 3. -Lieutenant Charles F. West, First Washington Territory Infantry.

Numbers 1.

Reports of Colonel Reuben F. Maury, First Oregon Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., September 17, 1864.

SIR: Letters to the 14th have been received from Lieutenant Hobart. He was then with the cavalry of his command at Three Islands, about thiirty miles below Salmon Falls, and was hastening by niight marches to the Upper Bruneau, where he had been informed, through a prisoner captured on the 13th, of a camp of fifteen or twenty lodges with considerable stock. On the 13th the lieutenant found and attacked a considerable camp above the Three Islands, killing five men and wounding others. They were a party that had lately stolen some folur, &amp;c., at the crossing of the Malade Riiver. The flour was found in their camp. I have heretofore neglected to mention that Lieutenant Hobart while en route to Salmon Falls met Mr. Z. Van Orman, the uncle of the Van Orman children, with one of the children-supposed to be-(he obtained it, I think, through the Indian agent, Salt Lake, last winter), and employed him as guide and interpreter. His familiariity wiith their language, as well as personal knowledge of many Indians, makes him of great service. the Indian killed was from the Owyhee. I hope to hear in a few days the result of Lieutenant Hobart's visit to the Bruneau. The activity and zeal of Lieutenant Hobart and command deserve credit and commendation. Lieutenant West with most of the infantry had gone up Snake River expecting to reach the Great Falls and Rock Creek, where some small thefts have been reported.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.

First Lieutenant JOHN W. HOPKINS,

First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

