HEADQUARTERS,Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., September 23, 1864.

SIR: Letters to the 16th instant have been received from Lieutenant Hobart. He was then a few miles above the mouth of Bruneau River, where he had found a camp of thirty or forty Indians on an island. By night marching he had surprised iit, and throwing a shell in its midst at daylight succeeded in driving them from the island, where eight of the party were killed. Theiir camp and considerable plunder were destroyed. From Lieutenant Hobart's dispatches I am confirmedc in the opinion that the Indians who have usually resorted to the Upper Owyhee at his season to hunt and fish, have sought the Snake River to avoid the movements of Captain Currey's command. The river was searched equally as closely in 1862 and 1863 as now, but there are evidently many more Indians on it now than then. The lieutenant expected to move rapidly to the head of Bruneau Valley, but it is feared that the escape of some during the last skiirmiish may alarm the camp supposed to me there in time to enable them to make their escape. The overland escort has been heard from this side of Salmon Falls. All well, and will probaly each this place in a few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.

First Lieutenant J. W. HOPKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., September 28, 1864.

SIR: Nothing direct has been received from Lieutenant Hobart's command since my advices of the 23rd instant. Reports have, however, reached me that the lieutenant himself with his mounted men was in the vicinity of a camp of about seventy-five Indians who had offered him battle. This is supposed to be in the valley of the Bruneay. Other reports say that in the conflict which ensued twenty or twenty-five Indians were killed. Lieutenant West had returned to Rock Creek near the Great Falls in consequence of information that more stock had been stolen, probably by the lower party that took the cattle of the Overland Mail Company. The information is that he had discovered thiier camp and was preparing to attack it. These are only reports, but in the absence of direct information, and knowing the anxiety that will be felt for these small parties, I have thought it best to mention them. Diirections have been forwarded to Lieutenant Hobart in obedience to Speciial Orders, Numbers 117, current series, from district headquarters. Previous to the reception of this it was in contemplation to keep the command out till 1st November or after. Depredations were extensive and serious last winter by Indians from the west of Snake River. I thing they will be equally as bad, if not worse, the coming winter. The means of preventing or puniishing for such depredaations are totally inadequate.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.

Lieutenant JOHN W. HOPKIINS,

First Oregon Cavalry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General,

District of Oregon, Fort Vancouer, Wash. Ter.

