HEADQUARTERS,Port Boise; Idaho Ter., October 12, 1864.

SIR: 	I have the honor to forward herewith the reports of Lieutenant Hobart's operations in the vicinity of Salmon Falls, on the west side of Snake River. The conduct of officers (Lieutenants Hobart and West) and men is satisfactory and commendable. The expedition was not so completely effective as was in the first place anticipated, on account of the necessity for their return to this post in accordance with orders to join Captain Curry's command. Lieutenant Hobart's views in regard to the Indians west of Snake River accord fully with my own, and I ask the serious attention of the general to them. The force here is less, certainly not more, than the most ordinary prudence would consider essential for the care and protection of the property at the post. Already reports have reached me of depredations on the Malheur River, near the emigrant road, in the loss of some sixteen head of horses stolen by Indians, and also the loss of several men on the west side of the Owyhee River, on the Humboldt road, a few days after the evacuation of Camp Alvord. Governor Lyon has made a treaty with those who have been living during the summer, through my permission and protection, on the Upper Boise', and I hope to be able to collect the 200 or 300 who have been in the vicinity of Camas Prairie in time to meet him when he visits that section. These treaties, as removing many difficulties in settling a new country, are very desirable, but without reservations and a small appropriation for their support and means of cultivating the soil they cannot have any very great effect upon the preservation of peace. However, except by misunderstanding, I do not anticipate any difficulty with either of these bands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. 	F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Port Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

Numbers 2.

Report of Lieutenant Charles Hobart, First Oregon Cavalry, commanding

expedition.

FORT BOISE', IDAHO TER., October 8, 1864.

SIR: 	I have the honor to report that in conformity with orders received from the commanding officer of Fort Boise', Idaho Ter., I started on an expedition against the Snake Indians. The expedition consisted of twenty-one cavalry and twenty-eight infantry, the latter under command of Second Lieutenant Charles F. West, First Washington Territory Infantry. We left Fort Boise on the 27th of August and arrived at Salmon Falls Creek, on the south side of Snake River, distant 123 miles from Fort Boise, on the 7th day of September. Soon after arriving I learned that parties of Indians had been stealing stock from near the ferry above Salmon Falls, and that on the night before I arrived fifteen head of mules had been stolen from a man named McFarland, thirteen of which had been recovered. I started a party of men under command of Sergeant Wood, of Company A, First Oregon Cavalry. He followed on the trail of the missing stock and came upon the Indians on the north side of the river about twenty-five miles

