
above Salmon Falls, and succeeded in killing three warriors, one of whom I have since learned was named Ebigon, a medicine man among the Owyhee tribes, and in recapturing 1 mule, 1 horse, and a work ox. On the return of Sergeant Wood I sent the surplus stores and supplies to a place on the north side of Snake River nearly opposite Salmon Falls, leaving in charge a party of eight of the infantry, reserving twenty days' rations for eighteen cavalry and four infantry, which were mounted on mules, and reserving fifteen days' rations for fifteen infantry who were to start with Lieutenant West. Lieutenant West was instructed to proceed up Snake River to the Shoshone Falls; from there to the head of Rock Creek and the adjoining country. Lieutenant West's report is herewith respectfully transmitted. I left the Salmon Falls Creek and camped at Salmon Falls. Started next morning at 2 o'clock, and about daylight came upon the remainder of the Indians of Ebigon's band, and in a running fight killed six and wounded some who escaped across Snake River, and who I learn have since died. After being sixteen hours in the saddle we camped at Mountain Camp. The next day we had one or two slight skirmishes with the Indians and succeeded in killing one and wounding another. We camped that night at the Three Islands, and early next morning sent parties up on both sides of Snake River to capture parties of Indians who had fired at us from the opposite side of the river. After the return of these parties, without being able to accomplish their object, having received information that a party of Indians were on an island in the river ten miles below us, I started at 1 in the morning, and succeeded in killing eight of them. I had them surrounded, and had it not been for the haste and excitement of the men sent on the east side of the river would have killed the whole party. After returning to Three Islands I started for the Bruneau, havinge statements of prisoners that a large party of Indians was there. I marched at night and reached the Bruneau at daylight, but found that the Indians had left. Returning to Salmon Falls from tile Bruneau, I had intended to make a trip to the Goose Creek Mountains, but receiving orders to return to Fort Boise', I arrived there on the 5th of October. In conclusion, I would state that it is my opinion and firm belief that most of the Indians have established their winter quarters in the Goose Creek Mountains, and that from that point they will totally deprive the country of stock from Fort Hall to Old's Ferry, unless measures are promptly taken to prevent their movements.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES HOBART,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry.

First Lieutenant F. B. WHITE,

Adjutant First Oregon Cavalry, Fort Boise; Idaho Ter.

Numbers 3.

Report of Lieutenant Charles F. West, First Washington Territory Infantry.

FORT BOISE, IDAHO TER., October 1, 1864.

SIR: 	I have the honor to submit the following report of my action whilst in command of a detachment from your command:

On the 13th September after leaving Salmon Falls Creek I went with a detachment of fifteen men of my company and camped that night on

