
a creek about nine miles distant. Next day continued traveling lip Snake River, camping at the point where the emigrant road runs down to the river; distance, twelve miles. [On the] 15th marched about sixteen miles up Snake River, where I found it impracticable to get any farther, as the river runs into a deep canyon, where neither men nor animals could get a foothold. At this place I found four lodges quite recently vacated. On the 16th retraced my steps and endeavored to go up a creek called Rock Creek, but found it impossible to get the animals through on account of the roughness of the place. I therefore had to return to my camp of the 14th instant, as no chance to get out of the canyon presented itself before. On the 17th got out of the canyon and went to the station known as Canyon Station, on Rock Creek; distance, about fourteen miles. On the 18th continued traveling up Rock Creek, and at night camped above the next station; distance, nineteen miles. On the 19th left the animals at camp, but sent a party up Dry Creek to see if any signs of Indians could be discovered about that place. The party returned about 9 p. m. with out success. On the 20th sent a party out to some prominent points of the road to the right, whilst I went to the left toward Snake River. Both parties returned to camp on the next day equally unsuccessful. As my rations were giving out I commenced retracing my steps. On the 21st camped on the crossing of Rock Creek, and on the 22nd on Snake River. Whilst camped at the crossing of Rock Creek I went with a detachment of men over to the falls, situate about six miles due north from the crossing of the creek. Found them to be three falls, the first of twenty feet, the second about twenty-five feet, and the third ninety-six feet, making a total fall of 141 feet. On the 23rd returned to Salmon Falls. Whilst there I received information that on the day after my departure a lot of stock had been run off from the upper station on Rock Creek. ements to start back that night, but on examination I found nearly all my mules barefooted, and as Captain Crawford kindly offered me the services of his blacksmith, I laid over until next day at noon. I arrived at Rock Creek with nine men on same day at noon; distance, forty-five miles. About 9 a. m. next day started up Rock Creek and traveled about twenty miles above the station, but found nothing to induce me to believe that the cattle had been run in that direction. I returned about six miles and turned up a creek running into Rock Creek, but found no signs whatever. I camped there that night, and on the 26th made over the hills in the direction of a fire that had been started that morning. I found, however, that it had been made by a couple of men who had started out the night before in quest of the cattle. These men found the cattle about eight miles from camp and returned with them to the station at Rock Creek. I therefore retraced my steps to the station, and thence to Salmon Falls, arriving at the latter place on the 28th instant. I am under many obligations to Captain Le Roy Crawford, assistant quartermaster, commanding emigrant escort, for his kindness in furnishing me with saddles, &amp;c., and for shoeing my mules on my return to Rock Creek.

I have the honor, sir, to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. F. WEST,

Second Lieutenant, First Washington Ter. Infty., Commanding Detachment.

First Lieutenant CHARLES HOBART,

Commanding Expedition Against the Snake Indians.

