
SEPTEMBER 1-29, 1864,-Scout from Camp Grant to the North Fork of
the Eel River, Cal.

Report of Captain John P. Simpson, First Battalion California Mountaineers.

CAMP GRANT, October 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of scout after Indians on headwaters of Eel River, being a continuation of scout by detachment of twenty-one men of Company E, First Battalion Mountaineers (infantry), California Volunteers, which left Camp Grant July 19, 1864, under my command, report of operations having been forwarded to 31st August:

September 1, moved camp ten miles and camped at Three Lakes, near Middle Fork of Eel River, Camp No. 13. Laid over in camp three days; sent out scout accompanied by Indian interpreters, who brought in five Indians, which increased the number to seventy-three. September 4, moved camp eight miles, No. 14. Laid over in camp two days; no Indians to be found by scout. September 7, moved camp ten miles and camped on a tributary of North Fork of Eel River, No. 15. September 8, moved ten miles and camped on North Fork of Eel River, No. 16. September 9, remained in camp; started pack trail to Round Valley for supplies for Indian prisoners. September 10, moved camp eight miles to Coyote Valley, No. 17. September 11, 12, and 13, remained in camp and sent out scouts to hunt Indians, but found none. Pack train arrived from Round Valley with provisions for Indian prisoners. September 14, moved camp eight miles to Lake Mountain, No. 18. September 15, remained in camp; sent out Indian scouts to find Indians. They returned about 10 o'clock at night and reported having found a rancheria on main Eel River near the mouth of the North Fork. Immediately started with twelve men of my command and one citizen; also a number of Indians, and after traveling about twelve miles came to the rancheria at daylight in the morning, when, after making a careful examination of their location, I found the rancheria to extend some 300 or 400 yards up and down the rbeing surrounded by high and rocky banks and very difficult to approach. I immediately divided my men in squads and surrounded them to the best advantage. 1 then told them through Indian interpreters to surrender and they would not be killed. They did not appear satisfied to surrender, but after a few ineffectual attempts to escape they gave up. They were disarmed and counted, numbering eighty-eight in all. They had slaughtered a considerable number of cattle, hogs, and sheep, and had a large quantity of dried beef in camp, numerous sheepskins, and offal of slaughtered cattle were lying about camp, and one live sheep picketed in camp. After explaining to the Indians that they were to be taken to the reservation they appeared well satisfied and willing to go. I then started for my camp on the mountain, where we arrived about 3 o'clock on the 16th. September 17, 18, and 19, laid over in camp waiting for pack train from Camp Grant with rations for company. September 20, pack train arrived with company's rations. September 21, started for the Round Valley Reservation, where I arrived on September 24, and turned over to Austin Wiley, superintendent of Indian affairs for California, 161 Indians, taking his receipt for the same. September 27, left Round Valley and returned to camp at Lake Mountain,

