
where I arrived on September 28. September 29, broke up camp and started for Camp Grant, where I arrived on the 30th of September, 1864, having been absent two months and twelve days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. 	P. SIMPSON,

Captain, First Battalion Mountaineers (Infantry),

California Volunteers, Commanding Camp.

First Lieutenant A. W. HANNA,

Adjutant First Battalion Mountaineers (Infantry)

California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Fort Humboldt.

SEPTEMBER 1-DECEMBER 3, 1864. -Operations in the Trinity River

Valley, Cal.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Captain Abraham Miller, First Battalion California Mountaineers.

Numbers 2. -Lieutenant Thomas Middleton, First Battalion California Mountaineers.

No. 1.

Reports of Captain Abraham Miller, First Battalion California Mountaineers.

CAMP NEAR BURNT RANCH, TRINITY COUNTY, CAL.,

September 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of Company C, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, from the 1st to the 15th of September, 1864:

On the evening of the 1st instant I received information from the mail rider that hostile Indians had made a raid into Hyampom Valley. On the 2nd instant I sent Sergeant Alexander with fourteen men to that place, with orders to find out, if possible, the amount of damage done, what Indians were concerned in the robbery, and their number. The sergeant with his detachment returned to this camp the 5th instant and reported that all the men living in the valley were absent at the time of the raid, and that the Indians were seen by only one squaw living in that place, who says they were not Hoopa Indians; that they came from the direction of Hay Fork and went in that direction; that they numbered about thirty, but men who saw the trail shortly after they left think there were no more than eighteen. The Indians took from McKay's house a double-barreled shotgun and some blankets. They entered other houses, but took nothing of consequence, the whole amount of damage done not exceeding $40 or $50. Lieutenant Middleton and Sergeant Wilson, who had been absent since the 28th of August in search of deserters, arrived at this camp on the morning of the 5th instant, bringing with them as prisoners Privates Kelley and Powers, who deserted from this company last June. I inclose report of Lieutenant Middleton. On the 6th instant I sent Sergeant Alexander and Private Leece to Fort Gaston, having in charge the deserters bamp on the 5th, with orders to deliver them to the commander of that post. On the 9th instant I ordered Sergeant Leonard with sixteen men to proceed to Hyampom, the detachment, with the exception of two men who returned on the 12th with pack train, to remain encamped

