
at that place until further orders. On the 14th Lieutenant Middleton left this camp for Weaverville and vicinity to find out the position of several Indian ranches near that place, preparatory to an attempt to bring the Indians under military control.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ABRAHAM MILLER,

Captain, First Batt. Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Co. C.

CAMP NEAR BURNT RANCH, TRINITY COUNTY, CAL.,

October 16, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of an expedition under my command, undertaken for the purpose of bringing the Indians living in Hay Fork Valley and on Trinity River under military control:

September 17, I sent Sergeant Eastman with ten men to Hyampom to join a detachment of fifteen men under Sergeant Leonard, stationed at that place since the 9th instant. On the 18th I left Burnt Ranch with thirty men from Fort Gaston under Lieutenant Herrick, of Company D, First Battalion of Mountaineers, California Volunteers. I arrived at Hay Fork with this detachment the 20th instant. On the 22nd Lieutenant Middleton (who had left Burnt Ranch on the 14th instant for Weaverville and Hay Fork to find oat the position of several Indian ranches in that vicinity) reported in person to me. On the 23rd I sent Lieutenant Middleton to Hyampom to take command of detachment at that place, with which he was to undertake the capture of the Indians living in Hay Fork Valley, and with Lieutenant Herrick's command I proceeded to mouth of Rush Creek on Trinity River, capturing all Indians found at this place, also those living in the neighborhood of Douglas City. On the 24th instant Sergeant Leonard (who had been sent by Lieutenant Middleton who had been sent with a small detachment to Arkansas Dam, on Trinity River) reported to me on Brown's Creek, fourteen miles from Hay Fork, with eight prisoners. On the 25th 1 returned to Hay Fork with Lieutenant Herrick's detachment and thirts, including those taken by Sergeant Leonard. Lieutenant Middleton reported forty-one prisoners taken by his command in the valley, seven of whom, from sickness and other causes, it was necessary to leave behind. On the 26th instant with the different detachments and prisoners left Hay Fork. On the 27th arrived at Hyampom. On the 28th Lieutenants Herrick and Middleton with the detachment from Fort Gaston, having in charge the Indian prisoners, left Hyampom en route to Fort Humboldt. Same date I sent Sergeant Leonard and nine men with pack train to Burnt Ranch for supplies.

October 2, Corporal Hathaway and five privates, having in charge train with supplies, arrived at my camp. On the 4th instant left Hyampom with my command. On the 6th camped on Plummer Creek about twenty miles in a southerly direction from Hyampom. On the 7th and 8th, with a portion of my command I proceeded through the South Fork Canyon; found no Indians. On the evening of the 8th instant Lieutenant Middleton reported to me with orders from district head-quarters. On the 9th instant, leaving ten men with Lieutenant Middleton, I proceeded to Burnt Ranch, arriving on the 10th. On the 11th instant I dispatched Sergeant Alexander and two privates with train, &amp;c., to Fort Gaston for supplies. The train with rations returned on the 13th. On the 14th I sent Sergeant Eastman with nine privates, with pack train carrying thirty days' rations for twenty men, to Lieutenant Middleton's camp at Hay Fork. A part of my command was paid off

