
October 2. First Lieutenant John A. Watson left this camp October 8 to relieve First Lieutenant William H. Pratt in the duties of acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence at Fort Gaston (extract from Special Orders, No. 49, headquarters District Humboldt, October 5, 1864).

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ABRAHAM MILLER,

Captain, First Batt. of Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Co. C.

First Lieutenant A. W. HANNA,

Adjutant First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General, Fort Humboldt, Cal.

No. 2.

Reports of Lieutenant Thomas Middleton, First Battalion California Mountaineers.

FORT HUMBOLDT, CAL., November 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 48, I left Fort Humboldt on the 5th day of October and arrived at Captain Miller's camp on the 8th day of October, on the ridge between Hay Fork and the South Fork of Trinity River, four miles south of Indian Valley. On the 9th I left Captain Miller's camp with ten men and four mules; arrived at Hay Fork 3 o'clock same day. Camped at Hay Fork on 10th and 11th, to gain information in regard to Indians. On the 12th I left Hay Fork with seven men and three mules; camped on Red-ding Creek; traveled about twenty miles. On the 13th 1 camped on the headwaters of Brown's Creek; traveled that day about sixteen miles. On the morning of the 14th I captured twenty-one prisoners, and started for Hay Fork; camped on Brown's Creek; traveled about twelve miles. On the 15th camped on Redding Creek, capturing three prisoners; traveled about six miles. On the 16th arrived at Hay Fork with twenty-four prisoners; traveled about twenty miles; found Sergeant Eastman and nine men, with rations to the 15th day of November; also nine mules. On the 17th 1 sent two men up Salt Creek and captured one prisoner. On the 18th I left Hay Fork with ten men acamped on Brown's Creek; traveled about sixteen miles. On the 19th I left Brown's Creek and camped on Rush Creek; traveled eighteen miles; captured one prisoner. On the 20th I left Rush Creek; followed Indian sign and overtook two Indians on the divide between Trinity River and French Gulch; followed the sign into French Gulch and lost it; camped on French Gulch after traveling about twenty-five miles. On the 21st left French Gulch; camped at Eastman's diggings, on Trinity River, capturing two prisoners; distance traveled, about twenty miles. On the night of the 21st I took five men and one Indian up Papoose Creek and captured six prisoners; arrived at camp at Eastman's diggings on the evening of the 22d; traveled about eighteen miles. On the 22nd left Eastman's diggings; camped at Ferry Bar; captured three prisoners; traveled fourteen miles. On the 24th left Ferry Bar and camped at Summit Creek; traveled about twelve miles. On the 25th I left Summit Creek; arrived at Hay Fork same day with fourteen prisoners; traveled about twelve miles. On the 26th camped at Hay Fork on account of rain. On the 27th detained on account of drying blankets. On the 28th left Hay Fork for Fort Humboldt with thirty-nine prisoners, twenty men, and thirteen mules; camped on the

