
mountain between Hay Fork and South Fork distance traveled, nine miles. On the 29th camped at Hyampom; traveled eleven miles. On the 30th camped at Pilot Creek; traveled ten miles. On the 31st camped at Alder Springs; traveled eleven miles.
November 1, camped at Three-Mile Creek; traveled twelve miles. On the 2nd camped at Booth's Run; traveled ten miles. On the 3rd camped at Jim Brown's ranch; traveled nine miles. On the 4th arrived at Fort Humboldt at 2 p. m., and delivered the thirty-nine prisoners to the commanding officer of that post; distance traveled, fifteen miles. By the information I could gather, there are about fiftee vicinity of Trinity Center that were run off by some white men to avoid being taken; also about forty-five squaws kept by white men in the county.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS MIDDLETON,

Second Lieutenant Co. C, First Batt. of Mountaineers, California Vols.

Lieutenant A. W. HANNA,

Adjutant First Battalion of Mountaineers,

California Volunteers, Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

HAY FORK, TRINITY COUNTY, CAL., December 4, 1864.

SIR: 	I left Fort Humboldt on the 8th day of November at 11 a. m. on the second trip; arrived at Hay Fork on the 14th at 1 p. m. Found four Government animals at B. M. George's that were lost by Captain Miller's party. On the 15th left Sergeant Eastman in command and started for Trinity Center for information in regard to Indians; arrived there on the evening of the 17th. On the 16th Corporal Downer and nine men left Hay Fork with twelve days' rations and four mules and reported to me on the 19th instant. On the 20th sent Corporal Downer and two privates to New York House, fourteen miles north of Trinity Center; they took 3 prisoners; they arrived the same day at camp. On the night of the 21st traveled southeast ten miles, capturing 15 prisoners; arrived at camp at 4 p. m. on the 22d. On the 23rd left Trinity Center with eighteen prisoners; arrived at Minersville at 4 o'clock, traveling fifteen miles through the storm. On the 24th left Minersville at 8 a. m. ; camped at Rush Creek at 4 p. m., capturing 1 prisoner. Traveled about fourteen miles. On the 25th laid by at Rush Creek on account of storm and captured 2 prisoners. On the 26th I left Rush Creek at 10 a. m. and traveled through the storm all day; arrived at Douglas City at 4 p. m. On the 27th camped at Douglas City on account of the storm. On the night of the 27th lost 2 prisoners about 1 o'clock. On account of the darkness of the night and the storm it was impossible to capture them again. On the 28th I left Douglas City at 6 a. m. ; arrived at Hay Fork at 3 p. m. with nineteen prisoners. Arriving at camp I found that Sergeant Eastman had captured 1 prisoner on the 18th instant. From the 29th of November to the 3rd of December stormed every day, and is still storming. I found it impossible to bring the prisoners to Fort Humboldt on account of the snow and high water.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS MIDDLETON,

Second Lieutenant Co. C, First Batt. of Mountaineers, California Vols.

A. W. HANNA

Adjutant First Batt. of Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Humboldt, Cal.

