
under command of First Sergt. George Garber, of same company and regiment, on scout after Snake Indians, who had recently been committing depredations in the vicinity of Cottonwood, on the Canyon City road. On the 15th instant they found fresh sign of Indians on the head of Cottonwood Creek, at the foot of timbered ridge, and sent the pack train back after more rations. They followed upon their trail, and about 11 a. m., the 17th instant, came upon a ranch of about twenty-five or thirty Indians camped upon the west side of the South Fork of John Day's River, near the upper crossing on the road leading from Yreka, Cal., to Canyon City, Oreg. Sergeant Garber being in advance of the train with eight men, attacked them and fell mortally wounded on the first fire. Corpl. William Starkey, who was behind in charge of the train, then went forward with the remainder of the detachment and joined in the fight, which resulted in the killing of four or five Indians and wounding eight or nine, capturing three horses, two guns, a large amount of ammunition, blankets, skins, trinkets, and burned their camp containing 5,000 or 6,000 pounds of dried meats, &amp;c., completely destroying everything they had. Late in the evening of same day an express reached camp for the surgeon. I started immediately with a detachment of eight cavalrymen for the scene of action with a view of following them. After traveling all night through a fearful storm I reached Cottonwood and sent a party to meet them, who arrived at 4 p. m. with the wounded sergeant. Finding the jaded condition of my animals and the awful state of the weather would not permit of my going out again, I returned to camp, arriving at 12 p. m. The next morning Sergeant Garber died of his wounds; an honest, upright, brave, and good soldier. I have ordered his remains sent to The Dalles for interment. They will arrive there about the 29th or 30th instant with instructions to the acting assistant that post to forward to Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter,, if possible.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. 	C. SMALL,

Captain, First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

No. 2.

Reports of Lieutenant William M. Hand, First Oregon Cavalry.

CANYON CITY ROAD EXPEDITION,

Camp Watson, Oreg., January 28, 1865.

SIR: 	Pursuant to Orders, No. 4, I left this camp on the morning of the 18th instant with eight men of Company G, First Oregon Cavalry, mounted on mules, and proceeded up John Day's River, a distance of sixty miles. Since the six Indians were seen near the Cottonwood House on the 10th instant, thirteen head of horses that had been running all winter on John Day's River, six or eight miles above the Cottonwood House, have disappeared, and are supposed to have been stolen by these same Indians. The settlers along the road apprehend considerable trouble this spring. Owing to the severity of the present winter they think the Indians will be compelled to commence depredations early. I should have returned by some other route, but it was

