
First Infantry California Volunteers, post adjutant at Camp Wright, to the men composing the party with Dan Showalter. It was sworn and subscribed to by the following-named persons: T. A. Wilson, William Woods, C. Benbrook, William Sands, T. L. Roberts, R. H. Ward, T. W. Woods, J. M. Sampson, S. A. Rogers, William Edwards, James Lawrence, William Turner, A. King, Levi Rogers, Henry Crowell, Dan. Showalter, William Hamilton, E. B. Sumner, F. N. Chum.

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[Inclosure Numbers 4.] TEMECULA, CAL., November 30, 1861.

FRIEND WILD: Times have changed so that I fell it will be impossible for me to get to my friends in the East, and therefore have half resolved to stay in the God-forsaken country, provided I can get a situation in a place where I will be satisfied. Now I think that if I could get a place with Jeagers, at the Colorado River, I might be contended for a few years. When you go out I wish you would speak to Jeagers or some one out at the river in my behalf. I will be satisfied with any agreement that you may make, so I am well paid. I hear nothing of interest from the States.

Yours, truly,

E. M. MORGAN.

P. S. -I would write more, but I am afraid that I might spin off on a subject that would not be acceptable to some people, provided this did not reach you in safety.

Yours, &amp;c.,

E. M. M.

TEMECULA, SAN DIEGO COUNTY,

November 26, 1861.

FRIEND FRANK: For the last chance I drop you a few lines, that you may know we are on the road at last, and are now within forty miles of Warner's ranch. We will leave the road at this place to avoid the troops at that place, as they are aware that we are coming and are looking for us, and the chances are that we would have some trouble with them. We will have to cross the Colorado in Sonora to avoid Fort Yuma. Perhaps the chances are tought, through I think we will make it It is quite different to what I thought it was when I wrote you before. There are nineteen of us in company, and all in good spirits. There are eleven of them that you knwo, thought I don't think it policy to do so at this time. Give my respects to all the boys; so good-by once more. I will write again if I have a chance.

Yours, respectfully,

C. BENBROOK.

TEMECULA.

ALLISON AND POWELL:

DEAR FRIENDS: After waiting at Los Angeles and getting no word from you I thought it best to leave, as the boys were getting very impatient. We expected to have from 50 to 100 men, but we number only twenty as yet. Still we expect a party of twenty men from San

