
and instructed Captain O'Regan to return to the post by that time. I also sent four pack animals for the use of his command. The demand for subsistence by destitute emigrants still continues. Numbers of them visit the post every day, many of them ill a starving condition. The winter in this vicinity has been so long and so severe that the most of the cattle in the neighborhood are dying for want of fodder, except the Government animals, which are well provided. Yesterday we had another severe snow-storm, which covered the ground with about four inches of snow, and it is generally believed that if the season does not break up shortly the citizens in this valley will lose all their stock.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. 	SEIDENSTRIKER

Captain, First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding Post.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Boise', Idaho Ter., February 20, 1865.

SIR: 	I have the honor to report for the information of the commanding general the receipt of a letter from Captain O'Regan bearing date February 17, 1865. On the 13th instant information was received that eight head of cattle had been stolen from the vicinity of his camp. Acting on this information a detachment of six soldiers and four citizens was sent out under command of First Sergt. John Storan, Company I, Washington Territory Infantry, to track and if possible catch the Indians. The party followed the tracks and came upon a camp on the evening of the 15th instant in a canyon about eight miles from Bruneau Valley. The Indians numbered about eighty, and were engaged in dressing and caring the carcasses of the eight steers. The little party immediately attacked the Indians, who resisted most strenuously, and after a sharp fight of about an hour and a half gained the field. The casualties present a favorable aspect, as there were thirty warriors killed and none of our men even wounded. Nothing but the judicious management of the non-commissioned officer in charge could have caused such a signal success, as eighty-three shots were fired, and the indications, such as bloody tracks, &amp;C., were numerous. The captain is of opinion that at least thirty were wounded besides. The fight was discontinued only when it was too dark to pursue and a heavy rain set in. The men were tired out, and the rations were all consumed, they having only three days' provisions at the start. The sergeant in his report awards considerable praise to the men of his detachment, and is himself highly commended by Captain O'Regan. The captain was expecting to do some good service, and was very anxious to get some more animals. These, as already reported to the commanding general, had been started from this post on the 12th instant. it appears from a former report that quite a number of animals are in their vicinity, but totally unserviceable, as they were unshod. To obviate this difficulty I sent a supply of shoes ano a blacksmith, so that the command is now we]l equipped for any emergency. As the captain represents the danger which might arise from releasing the Indians captured (as they are now fully aware of our strength, projects, &c.), I have so far modified my orders as to allow them to be sent to this post with the return wagons. I purpose sending an express to that effect to-morrow morning. On their arrival here I will keep the,

