
Indians in confinement until the return of the expedition. The weather here is still very unfavoarble, snow falling almost every night, but where the command is now encamped they do not appear to have the mild weather we are enjoying in this valley. This is, however, much to our advantage, as the Indians are more readily tracked. I have also to report that yesterday I discharged three of my men on expiration of term of service. I will have to discharge two more on the 24th, and four on the 4th proximo. The weather is such as yet as to preclude the possibility of sending them below. In conclusion, I would express my satisfaction at the results so far obtained from the expedition, and am very anxious to see its opreations terminate as favorably as they have commenced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SIDENSTRICKER,

Captain, First Wshington Territory Infantry, Commanding.

Lieutenant W. I. SANBORN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

FEBRUARY 17, 1865. - Skirmish at Fort Buchanan, Ariz. Ter.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - lieut. Colonel Clarence E. Bennett, First California Cavalry.

Numbers 2. - Cap. John L. Merriam, Fist California Cavalry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Clarence E. Bennett, First California Cavalry

HEADUARTERS,

Fort Bowie, Ariz. Ter., February 25, 1865.

COLONEL: On the 17th instant the Apache Indians, to the number of about 100, attacked Fort Buchanan. They shot one soldier through the leg. The soldiers, after the Indians fired the rood, made their escape. The Indians got about 200 rations, suits of clothing of six men, 250 cartridges, six cavalry horses and equipments, and some arms from the cavalry detachment near the post. They murdered Mr. Wrightson and Mr. Hopkins. Missing, 1 soldier statined at Buchanan, supposed to be killed, and the Mexican boy with Mr. Wrigtson. Of course everything they had fell into the hands of the Indiass. I suppose Captain Merriam will make to deperatment headquarters a detailed report of all this. Mr. Hughs, of Tucson, recntly found at the cienega a map recently murdered, horribly mutilated, and he reports seeing fresh indian tracks at the road near Dragoon Springs, where Indians had apparently been witing. At Suphur Springs fresh tracks of Indians with alarge number of horses and mules. The men atSan pedro report seeing Indians frquently. The mail is not considered safe the way it is now carried by one men. Mr. Davis, the quartmsasters' clerk, just informed me that he was afraid neither ofthese expressmen would make another trip. The service is a very hard one. They are all good men and if they quit there is no way to carry the mail edcept by cavalry until they can be replrced. I think it will be difficult to replace them. leituenent Norton, First Cavalry California Volunteers, says the cavalry horses captured at Fort Buchanan were good one. The

26R R- VOL L, PT I

