
expressman would not go by Buchanan; he said the other route was more open and a better road, andnot much difference in the disttance. There is another consideration- I am informed Jones is paid $125 a month, and these men $75, and I would employ either of these men before Jones. I should be sorry to have these emn leave; they are good men, sober, trustworthy, and thake good care of their animals. In any event, I will have the express carried in some way. Klling these murderous Apaches willhave to be systematically and enegetically carried on before there will be security for life or property in this Territory.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARENCE E. BENNETT,

Lieutenatn- Colonel First Cavalry California Vols., Commanding.

Colonel J. C. McFERRAN, U. S. Army,

Chief Quartermaster, Department of New Mexico.

Numbers 2.

Report of Captain John L. Merriam, First California Cavalry.

TUBAC, ARIZ. TER,., February 22, 1865.

Captain B. C . CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

SIR: I have th honor to inclose report of an attack nmade on the vedette station at Fort Buchanan, Ariz. Ter., on the 17th instant.

Veryr esepctfully, &amp;c.

JOHN L. MERRIAM,

Captain, First California Cavalry, Commading Post.

TUBAC, ATIZ. TER.

Febvruary 18, at 9. 45 a. m. received information fromDoctor Lock, of Santa Rita, that Indians had attacked the vedette station of ix men, at Fort Bucahanan, on yesterday (one of the men from FOrt Bucahanan having reached Santa Rita), and that Mr. Wrightson, superintendent of the Santa Rita mines, Mr. Hopkins, and a Mexican boy had left t Santa Rita on the morning of the 17th for Fort Bucahanan. I started with a detachment of twenty-= four men of my company for Fort Buchanan at 10 a. . arrived at Santa Rita at 11. 25 a. m. rested half an hur, and arrived at Fort Buchanan at 2. 40 p. m. While at Santa Rita received information from my men who had escapted that the indians had captured the statin, and probably killed three of the men. no account of Messrs. Wrightson and Hopkins. A short distance from the fort found their bodies; they had eviedently been attacked frombehnd and no opportunity of making any resiestance. Found the house had been fired before the men left. The Indins had captured 6 horses and horse equipments, 2 carbines and equipments, all the subsitence, &c., except a portion of the corn, the poirk, coffee, soap, and candles also all the clothing belinging to the men. Ordered one sergeant and five men to proceed to the vedette station at San pedro Crossing, and remain there, judging that station too weak (six men) if attacked by a large force of Indians. Ordered the abandonment of Fort Buchanan station. THere is no use trying to follow the Indians. Their tracks show that they have scattered in small parties in every direction. They numbered

