
about seventy or eighty men. February 19, returned via Santa Rita to Tubac, found that the corporal in charge of Fort Buchanan and one man had reached there. The corporal is shot through the thigh. One private and the Mexican boy still missing. Corporal Buckley, who was in charge, makes the following statement:

No signs of Indisns for some time back. on the morning of attack one men went hunting (he is still missing), and in the afternoon two men went, as usual, to cut hay for the hordses. I was stitting at the foor of the house whenan Indian shot me through the thigh. This was the first knowledge we had that the Indians were around. I drew my pistol an shot the Indian, at the same time Private Berry shot another. The Indians now closed in large numbers (seventy or eighty) roud soon had it on fire. We kept them off until the roof began to fall in, (cannot tell whether any more Indilans were killed or not, for the smoke), whenI saw that the only chance for saviang our lives was to force our way thrughthe Indins. We broke from the house amidst a shower of arrovws, and by showing front to them whenever thy got too near, kept them offtill we got to the hills, when they gave up the chase, and we made our way safely to Santa Rita. The two men who were cuttting hay, hearing thefiring at the fort, hastened there, but found it surrounded by Indian and on fire; they then went to Sant Rita. None of us knew anything of Mr. Wrightson being near.

JOHN L. MERRIAM,

Captain, First California Cavalry, COmmandign Post.

MARCH 12- 19, 1865. - Expeditions fromFort Churchill to Pyaramid and Walker's Lakes, Nev., with skirmish (14th) at Mud Lake and affair (16th) near Walker's Lke, Nev.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Captain Amond B. Wells, First NevadaCavalry.

Numbers 2. - Captain William W	allace, First Nevada Infnatry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Captain Almond B. Wells, First Nevada Cavalry.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, March 30, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL; Inclosed herewith you will receive copies of the reports of Captains Wells and Wallace oft heir expeditions to pyramid Lake and Walker Lake, with details ofhte affair at Mud Lake betweenthe command of Captain Wells and a body of thirty Indians, and the capture at Walker Lake, by the command of Captain Wallace, of the two turned over to the civil authorities for trial

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

CAMP NYE, NEV., March 19, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to instructions from headquarters Military Sub- District of Neavada, Fort Churchill, Special Orders, Numbers 15, dated March 11, 1865, I have the honor toreport that on the 12th of March, with fifty men, I traveled a distance of ten miles in a norhteasterly direction

