
nad cmaped for the night. At 6 o'clock the next morning broke camp and marched a distance of forty- eight miles in a westerly direction, arriving at Pyramid Lake at 6 p. m. I immediately ascertained from good authority that there was a band of Smoke Creek Indians encamped about eleven miles below; that they were continuallys tealing cattle from the ranchmen and horders. I place a guard over the Indians ecamped around me and gve orders not to let one escape. The next morning 9the 14th instant) at 3 oclock I left camp with twenty nine of my men and two citizens, Messrs T. W. Murch and W. H. Wison, who volunteered their services as guides, forthe purpose of arresting the guilty Indians. We came within sight of their encampment about 5. 30 a. m. I divided my command into three squads under Sergeants Wadleigh and Besat, ten men remaining with me. I then approached their encmpment intending to arrest them, but when within about 150 yards they commenced firing upon me. The first shot took effect in Corporal Dolan's shoulder, woundeing him slightly ; the second passed through the cape of my overcoat. I then ordered a charge with sabers. The Indisns fell back to the bushes on both sides of the slough By this time the men under Sergeants Wsadleigh and Besat came up and a genterl engatgement ensued. The Indians fought like veterans. I killed twenty- nine in all; but one escaped. I destroyed several guns, a quantity of poweer, fresh beef, 7. I purued and fought them for about ten miles up into the mountains. Some of my men he hand- to hand conflicts with them. Several wwere beaten on the arms with the Indians' guns. I also captured nine horses, but as they were very poor I did not deem it necessary to bring them in. Throughut the battle my men behaved with a valor andfortiturde rarely equaled. Without an exception they were as cool and collected as though on an ordinary skirmish drill. L My acknwledgments are due Messrs. Much and Wison for the benefit of their experience as guides and for the aid they safforded throughout the fonflict. After th battle, Winnemuca, chief of the Pi- utes, called on me and expressed himself as highly pleased with the relult. He told me through the intermpreter that he and been talking to them all witner, telling them not to steal the white men's cattle, and he thought that the punishment they had received would teach them a lesson.

I am, dsir, veryr esepctfully, your boedient servant,

A. B. WELLS,

Captain Company D, First Bttaion Cavalry Nevada Voluteers.

Major CHARLES McDERMIT.

Commanding Sucb- Military Distirct of Nevada

Numbers 2.

Reprot of Captain William Wallace, First Nevada infanrtry.

SPECIAL ORDERS,] HEADQUARTRS, Numbers 15, Fort Churchill, New., March 11, 1865.

I. Captain William Wallace, Company A, First Battalin Nevda infnty, with thirty- five men of his company, is hereby dertailed on detached service. He will provide himself with fifteen day's ratins, an will proceed at 6 a. m. to- morow to Walker River [and] Lake and arrest the Indians that recently murderedthe two white men in that vicnity and bring them to this post.

