
hand, when Campbell, the sub- Indian agent, who had just come in with the Indians from Lieutenant Clark's lines, leveled his revolver and told him tolay down his gun or he would shoot him. Josephustold me that he was not the one we were after. His gun was taken away from him, and the Indina that we were after pointed to me. I dismounted and tied and placed him in charge of twenty- five of the cavalry, with orders to move up to the bridge two miles above. The infantrty, under Lieutenant Lansing, was ordered to the same point. I then took the remaining twenty- five cavalrymen and started around the east side of the lake, with Josephus as a guide and a brother of the man we were after in coustody. When I had arrived within about one mile of the camp I sent ten men around to the head of the ravine in which the Indians were cmped, and halted the command in order to give them time to get into position. From where we had halted we could not be seen by the Indians in camp. After I had given the ten men sufficient time to take their position to guard the head of the ravine, I ordered a forward movement on the camp. We had not proceeded more thean 200 yards before I saw anIndian running up a small ravine some half a mile ahead. I deployed the cavalry and pursued him. His brother and Josephus hallooed to him not to run or he would be shot. Before we got within shooting distance of him he stopped. When we came up with him I took his gun away from him and tied him. I then had the recall sounded, and started back for the head of the kale at 7. 30 am. m., and arrived at the bridge at 10 a. m. I found about 300 warriors assembled here, but without arms, and they all appeared to be friendly except the relatives of the two men we had taken. I found my temas here all right and moved up the river about three miles to Camp Josephus, where th grass was good, there being none at the bridgewhere the infantry halted. We al got into camp at 12 m. I now informed the Indians that I must have the saddles and pisltols that belonged to the murdered men, and that if they did not bring them in I would go after them. They said that the things were at the foot of the lake. I sent the brothers of the prisoners for them and told them to bring them tot his post. They arrived here to- day. I left Camp Josephus at 6 o'clock on the morning of the 17th; crossed over to the north side of the river, and traveled up fifteen miles to the Reservation house, on the main Walker River. I here found about 100 warriors of the same tribe as those on the lake (Pi- Utes), but all friendly. It was this part of the tribe that rendered em so much assistance as guides and interpretes. A large number of them spoke English, and kept me posted of the whereabouts of the Indians. I left the Reservation house at 6 a. m. of the 18th. Went fifteen miles up the river. Camped with the infantry at Smith's ranch. As there was no grain or hay to be had at this point, I sent the cavalry on five miles to Mason's rach. Left Smith's ranch at 5 o'clokc on the mroning of lthe 19th, and arrived at Fort Churchill, distance twenty miles, at 11 a. m. The cavalry left Mason's at 8o'clock and arrived here at the same time. on ariving at this post I placed the two Indian prisoners in the guard- house, under charge of the sergeant of the guard.

Before closing this report I desier to say that Lieutenant William H. Clark, Company E, cavalry, and Lieult. G. J. Lansing, of my own company, deserve great credit for th prompt manner in which they fulfilled all orders. The men, both cavalry and infantry, at the critical moment when the advance was made by the cavalry on the Indian camp were perfectly steady and behaved like veterans. If at this time there had been a shot fired on either side we would have had a desperate fight, as the Indians were ready for a fight, and had sent us word

