
that they would not give up the murderers, and it was only by taking them by surprise and having them completely surrounded that we succeeded in taking the criminals without great loss on both sides.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

WM. WALLACE,

Captain Company A, First nevada Vol. infty., Commanding Expedition.

Major CHARLES McDERMIT,

Commanding Sub- District of Nevada.

APRIL 5- 18, 1865. - Expedition from Cmap Bidwell to Antelope Creek, Cal.

Report of Captain james C. Doughty, Second California Cavalry.

CAMP BIDWELL, CAL., April 24, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report to the geenral ommanding the District of California that on the 5th instant I left this camp with thirty- five men of CmpanyI, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, en route for pine, Deer, Mill, and Antelope Creeks fort he purpose of arresting the Indians that have been committing depredations in the vicinity of those creeks. After arriving at Deer Creek I sent a detachment of fifteen men under the command of a sergeant to scout in the neighborhood of Deer and Mill Creeks, employing Mr. Hi Good (a citizen) as a guide to accompany them. At the same time I continued on teo Anterlope Creek with ten men, leaving ten men on Deer Creek to be sent to either party if required, and to guard the horses for the first- naed party at Antelope Creek. I employed Mr. William Morgan (a citizen) as a guide to go with me on the mountains near Antelope and Dry Creeks and north of ill Creek, some thirty- five miles north of this post. After remaining in that section, scuting the country over night and day up to the 15th instnt, when I received notice of the assassination of Lieutenant Levergood, at this post, I returned to this cmap, leaving the men as I had distributed tehm, with a sergeant in command of each detachment, until the 18th instant, when I called them in. While I was sout I found a great many signs of Indians, which convinced me that the Indians were inthat section gathering food of different kinds; but the country being very mountainous and covered with underbrush I was not able to see them; at the same time they could observe every move that I made from their hiding places. I traveled several nights trying to find them by their fires without success, except once they were discovered about 8 o'clock at night by the guide and one men, who immediately returned to the detachment and gave the information, but before they got the Indians surrounded they had evacuated their position. On the 15th one of the detachment secured ahorse that the Indians had left inthehurried flight and brought the same to cmap, which was turned over to the quartermaster. I have no doubt but the anumal was stolen from some of the settlers in that neighborhood. Becoming convinced that the Indians had scattered in different directions, I deemed it necessary to order the men to camp until the Indians would collect together, when I would send a detachment out after the again.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. DOUGHTY,

Captain, Second California Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant E. D. WAITE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of California, Sacramento, Cal.

