
MAY 3- JUNE 15, 1865. - Expeditions from Fort Churchill to Carson Lake and Truckee and Humboldt Rivers, Nev.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Charles McDermit, Second California Cavalry, commanding Sub- District of Nevada.
HEADQUARTERS SUB- DISTRICT OF NEVADA,Fort Churchill, May 9, 1865.

LIEUTENAT: I have the honor to report for th information of the general commanding that settlers at Caron Lke and also on Truckee River requested me to send troops to those localities, informing me that they anticipated trouble with the Indians. On the morning of the 3rd of May I left this post for Carson Lake, taking with me First Lieutenant D. Vanderhoof, Company C, Nevada Infantry, Second Lieutenant D. H. Pine, Nevada Infantry, and detachment Company E, Nevada Cavalry, consisting of fifteen men, with six days' supplies; arrived in camp at Cottonwood Station, on the overland road, at 3 p. m. having marched twenty- six miles. 4th, left camp at 4. 40 a. m., arrived at Tayloer's ranch, on the Carson River, near the lake, at 9. 30 a. m. that being the place previously designated by me to meet the whites and Indians. 5th, a large number of Indians and some twent- settlers met e at Mr. Taylor's house. In conversation with the Indians I soon learned that the excitement was caused by the peaceable Indians from the humboldt coming to the Carson Lake to avoid trouble, and the Indians living in the vicinity, not knowing the cause of so many conimg in, supposed that a general war of extermination was about to commence, and to confirm them in this belief some reckless white men had told them that I was coming in, soldiers to kill them all. They had commencced sending away their squaws and children and burning their wigwams. The white settlers seeing these movements on the part of the Indians in turn became alarmed, and dispatfched a messenger to me in great haste; but through my interpreter, Richard A. Wahington, I soon learned the facts in the case, and they assured me of their great desire for peace with the whites. I talked with the whites and Indians about three hours, assuring them that I would protect the good and at the same time punish the bad of either party. At 5 p. m. I left with the command for Saint Clair Station; arrived there at 6. 15 p. m., where we camped during the night, havieng marched five milles. 6th, took up line of march direct for Truckee River at 5 a. m. Having procured an affidavit that a citizen named Cook had been exulting over the death of President Lincoln, I dispatched Lieutenant Pine with one enlisted man to arrest Cook and deliver him over tothe commanding officer at Fort Churchill, which was done. Arrived at Reservation house, on Truckee River, at 1. 15 p. m. ; distance, twenty- eight miles. 7th, had talk with the Indians, who informed me that the agent had told them lies and otherwise treated them badly, having hired the reseerve to white men to keep their stock on it, receiving the money for the same and appropriateng it to their [his] own use; and when the Indins would ask the agent for something to help them procure subsistence or clothing, he would tell them that all the money he rreceived had to be turned over to the Indian Deaprtment, and if they gave any trouble he would send to Fort Churchill for troops and clean them out. Upon an investigation of the treatment of the Indian by the agent I am really surprised to know that they have borne all these impositions so patiently. Last year $25,000 was appropriated for the purpose of cultivating the Truckee and Walker River reserves. The money has disappeared, and

