
Bernardino to overtake us. If you get ready to come soon communicate with Sam. Brooks at Sacramento. My kind regards to all the boys. Why did not Gilbert come? We will cross the Colorado at Gonzales' Ferry, in Sonora, about thirty miles below the fort. No one can pass that point now without submitting to be searched or taking the oath.

Your friend,

SHOWALTER.

TEMECULA, November 25, 1861.

FRIEND COULTER: We arrived here this evening, all in good health and spirits. Our animals are in good condition. I have three good ones, and have no fears of getting through. We will be compelled to cross the Colorado south of Fort Yuma about thirty miles, on the Sonora side, in order to avoid trouble. After that, if they annoy us, we will make the best fight we can. Remember me to Mrs. Coulter and all friends, and especially to Gifford and Nether Wood.

Truly, your friend,

DAN. SHOWALTER.

TEMECULA, 100 MILES SOUTH OF LOS ANGELES,

November 26, 1861.

G. H. GRENSHAW, Esq.:

DEAR FRIEND: We reached here this evening, all well, and I have only time to say good by. Write to Scott and Montre at Aurora for me. I have not time. Baker is well and sends his kind wishes. We will cross the Colorado in about six days, but will be compelled to cross on the Mexican side in order to avoid trouble at Fort Yuma. Remember me kindly to all the boys.

Truly, your friend,

DAN. S.

TEMECULA, 100 MILES SOUTH OF LOS ANGELES,

November 26, 1861.

Honorable SAMUEL BROOKS:

MY DEAR FRIEND: I received your letter at Los Angeles, but was very busy. I forgot to reply. We left Los Angeles four days ago, and will reach the Colorado in about six more. We will be compelled to cross the river about thirty miles below Fort Yuma on the Sonora side as no one can pass that point without submitting to a search. This, of course, would not suit me. If you should come this road during the winter, come to los Angeles by water and get your on fit there. Your animals will then be fresh and ready for a start. Remember me kindly to all friends.

Very truly, your friend,

"ON THE WAY. "

TEMECULA, November 26, 1861.

DEAR BROTHER: Our party arrived at this place at sundown to-night, which is about 100 miles from Los Angeles. We had quite a pleasant trip after we got started. We are now within about fifty miles of Warner's ranch, where there are about 200 troops stationed and about

