
not one pound of anything is being raised on either reserve for the Indins, and the agents are determined to continue their impositins further by herding stock on the reserves and consuming the grass, the seed of whic, if permitted to mature, would afford them a great part of their subsistence. I told the Indians to remain peaceable and injure no white men, and now since the war is over our Great Father at Washington would do something for them ; and in the meantime if any of the whites abused them not to resent it, but come to me and make their complaints, and I would investigate the matter and punish the guilty party. I also requested the whites to take all their stock off the reserve. I talked to the Indians about four hurs, and they appeared much pleased with all I told them. 8th, I left camp on Truckee River at 4. 30 a. m. ; arrived at Fort Churchill at 12. 45 p. m., having traveled thirty miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. McDERMIT,

Lieutenant Colonel Second California Cavalry, Commanding Sub- Dist. of nevada.

Lieutenant E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Scramento, Cal.

[Indorsement.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Sacramento, May 17, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters, with recommendation that copy be furnished to the Congressional Committee appointed to inquire into Indian affairs on this coast.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SUB- DISTRICT OF NEVADA,Camp Numbers 10, June 9, 1865.

SIR: I have th honor to report for the information of the general commanding that on the 30th of May I left Fort Chjurchill in company with Governor H. G. Blasdel, Surg. A. F. Mechem, Lieutenant C. C. Warner, and an escort of thirteen cavalry from Company E, First Battalion Nevada Volunteers. on the 2nd of the present month we arrived at Austin, Leander County, and on the afternoon of the 3rd instant the Governor and myself had a talk with about 100 Indians (all we could collect on so short notice), telling them to come into the settlements and separate from the hostiles, be peaceable, and they would be protected. Tey appeared quiet and peaceably inclined. on the morning of the 4th, leaving the Governor at Austin, we started for the Humboldt River, traveling mostly due north through a mountianous cojuntry with a number of small ranches and dwellings, but mostly deserted on account of the hostile Indians. on the evening of the 4th instant Lieutenant Seamands, of Company B, First Nevada Infantry, with twenty mounted men, an interpreter, nine friendly Indians, and a 12- pounder howitzer from Fort Ruby, joined my escort. on the evening of the 8th instant I sruck the river at a point seventy miles north of Unionville. On the morning of the 9th instant I undertook to cross the river, but failed on account of its swollen banks, and deemed it best to move down the river to a bridge eighteen miles distant, where I found Captain William Wallace, Company A, First Nevada Infantry,

