
with his company of seventy- three men and a 12- pounder howitzer. Most of the ranches along the river are deserted. I propose moving to- morrown morning to a suitable camp up the north side of the min Humboldt River to awaitt the arrival of CaptainDoughty, Second California Volunteers. In the meantime I will be joined by Captain Wells, Company D, First Nevada Cavalry, eithty- two men, and Captain Payne, Company E, same battalion, fifty men, when I propose moving upon the Indians, who are reported to be int he vicinity of Gravelly Ford, instrngth and hostile. If we can catch them we propse to give them a whipping which they will remember. Since leaving the fort we have traveled a distance of nearly 330 miles in eight days.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. McDERMIT,

Lieutenatn-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sacramento, Cal.
HEADQUARTERS SUB- DEISTRICT OF NEVADA,Camp Numbers 15, June 15, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: For the information of the generla commandingI would respectfully report to district headdquarters that I left Camp Numbers 10, where I made my last report, at 5 a. m. on June 10, 1865; crossed the main Humboldt River and arrived at the Little Humboldt River at 7 a. m. rossed the stream on a ferry- boat procured bny Captain W. Wallace, Nevada Infantry, at Dun Glen; succeeded in crossing all property, &amp;c., without accident, and camped on the opposite side of the stream. Remained at this camp during Sunday awaiting the arrival of Captain Wells' command, consisting of his company and detach, ent Company E, forty- two men. Captain Wells having fourteen miles, camping in Littlefield Valley, where we found good grass and water. Left Payne, Asst. Surg. A. F. Mechem, and Lieutenants Littlefield (Nevada Cavalry) Seamands, Warner, and McGowan (Nevada Infantry), Interpreter Butterfield, with four Indian scouts, taking six days's rations in our haversacks, and leaving the balance of the command with all the teams at Camp Numbers 12; traveled to Camp Numbers 13, where we arrived at 1. 10 p. m., course northerast; traveled through a level sage- brush country without road. Distance to Camp Numbers 13, where we arrived at 1. 10 p. m., course northeast; traveled to Camp N o. 13, where we arrived at 1. 10 p.,., course northeast, travelec through a level sage- brush country without road. Distacne to Camp Numbers 13, twenty- five miles. My object in this expedition was for a reconnoiutering tour and to visit the battle- fields of Lieutenant Littlefield and Captain Wells. Left this camp at 10 a. m. and arrived at Camp Numbers 14, in Valley Wells, having traveled fourteen miles, which camp is situated opposite Fort Redskin, where Lieutenant Littlefield's fight took place May 7, 1865. I visited the canon and mountian where the Indians were posted, and their fiflepits among the rocks which were ingeniously constructed, and capable of containing about 200 Indians. Here we found most excellent grazing ground. Left Camp Numbers 14 at 8. 30 a. m. June 15; traveled northeast; saw upon the route many Indian signs; also where they had grazed their stock about five weeks ago; country level and fine grass all the way. Arrived at the camp (Numbers 15, twenty- five miles distacne) at 3. 30 p. m., it being at the foot of the Table Mountain, where Captain Wells had his fight of May 20, 1865. This camp is within twenty- five miles of the headwaters of the Owyhee River, and near the bounday line of the

