
States. I shall reconnoiter this vicinity for the ensuing there days to find the position and stringth of the Indinas, at the end of which time our supplies and the remainder of the command will be up to this camp. I am determined to pursue them until I catch them or run them out of the State. Have traveled 108 miles without seeing a stick of timber which would measure six inches, and no place suitable to establish a military post. Have also traveled sixty- five miles without a road, but have seen nothing to delay our train of supplies.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient srvatn,

CHARLES McDERMIT,

Lieutenant- Colonel Second California Cavalry, Commanding.

Lieutenant E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sacramento, Cal.

MAY 25- JUNE 15, 1865. - Expedition from Fort Ruby to the Humboldt Valley, Nev., with skirmish (May 29) near Austin, Nev.

Report of Lieutenant John U. Tolles, First Nevada Infantry.

FORT RUBY, NEV., June 22, 1865.

SIR; I have tho honor to report that pursuant to Post Special Order, Numbers 16, we took up our line of march on the 20th of May, 1865, the command consisting of myself, forty non- commissioned officers and privates, and ten friendly Indians, with one piece of artillery, the whole under the command of Lieutenant W. G. Seamands. After marching the distance of about 135 miles by the usual Overlansd Mail road, we arrived at Camp Numbers 7, sixteen miles north of Ausutin, this being the point at which the most of the recent Indian depredations were committed. While here the men purchased sixteen head riding animals, and there being four with the command, made twenty in all. Lieutenant Seamands here divided the command, himself taking the twenty mojnte men, the Indians, and the artillery, and marching with Lieutenatn- Colonel McDermit, Second California Cavalry, to the recent battle- field of Captain Wells against the Pi- Ute and Bannock Indians. on the 29th ultimo while at this camp a citizen came running down to the camp, informing me that the Indians were up at the foot of the moutanins, about two miles distant, running off some of the cattle that were being herded at this place by mr. Worthington. Lieutenant Seamands being absent at Austin, I immediately started in pursuit with some fifteen men. Uponthe summit of a small rise, some 300 yards from camp, I discovered there were three Indians (two of them mounted) with some eight or ten head of cattle, driving them toward a large ravine int e mountains. The Indians being upon the elevated lands, it was impossible to approach them without being dicovered, w hich was the case, and started on the run up the ravine into the moutains toward Grass Valley. It being g a very rough place for the Indians to get their hourses few shouts very close to them, as one of them stated afterward, so I was very credibly informed by Mr. Klemp, a citizen of Austin, who told me that he was in Grass Valley whtn the Indian came into that place, and said the soliders had shot at them. Mr. Worthington, the ovner of the cattle, found where they had just killed two a short time before our arrival. From these facts and other information I believe it is the

