
Indians about Austin, Grass Valley, and the immediate vicinity that have committedthe recent depredations in the Reese River Valley. We broke camp on the morning of the 6th of June and marched in a norhtely direction down Reese River Valley to mr. Tenant's ranch, a distance of sixteen miles; camped for the night; grass and water good, tis being the sink of the Reese River. June 7, marched from Tenant's ranch in a norherly direction to Warm Springs, passing through Reese River Canon, which opens out upon a large sage- brush and alkali plain, which continues down to the Humboldt River. Camped at the springs; grass and water good. Distance, twenty- eight miles. June 8, continued the directin, marching from Warm Springs to Hay Rach, eight miles from Humboldt, and camped; grqass and water good. Distance traveled, twenty- eight miles. June 9, marched fromHay Ranch down to the old emigrant road on the south side of the river, ten miles; thence east up the river to Klemp's ranch, six miles, and camped. Water warm and riled. Grass not very good on account of the river being so high; the best of it was covered with water. Distance traveled, sixteen miles. While on the route we were overtaken by the previously mentioned citizen, Klemp, who went with us down to his ranch for purpose of looking after his property and one of his hired man, he concluded the Indians had killed him. After arriving at the ranch and looking around, we founmd the missing man's pants, boots, and hat a shorrt distance from the house, the pants being stiff with blood and having two ball holes inthem, one evidently having passed into the left hip and the other in the small of the back near the buckle on the pants, no dbout causing almost instnt death. The body was not to be found, no doubt having been cast into the river.

June 10, marched from Klemp's ranch about southeast up the valley of the Humboldt and cmaped on the river. Distance traveled, sixteen miles. Grass and water same as at last camp. June 11, at this point, which is some four or five miles below Gravelly Ford, we left the river, taking a blind road that leads ion a southeasterly diredction to Ruby Valley, passing to- day over tow ranges of moutains, the first being a wide range of rolling hills, the seceond a very high, steep mountain, the road leading up a long, steep canon. After passing over this second summit a bout three miles found a spring to the right of the road; camped; grass and water good. Distance traveled eighteene miles. June 12, marched about five miles and cme into what is called Pine Valleyl; traveled up the valley about eight miles; crossed it and passed over another range of moutains. After passing this summit about one mile came to a spring to the left of the road; Camped; grass good, water scarce and not very good. Distance traveled, twenty miles. June 13, marched about four miles and came into Diamond Moutain Valley. Crossed the valley and passed through Diamond Moutain by what is known as Railroad Canon, and came into Mound Valley. Camped on a small stream that runs through the same; garass and water good. Distance traveled, fourteen miles. June 14, the team muls (of which I had six) not being shod, and some of the mhaving become foot- sore, remained here one day for rest. June 15, resumed the march; traveled firve miles and came to Overland Mail Route, five miles east of Jacob's Wells Station; thence ten miles to this post. Yotal distance traveled, 168 miles. I will state that we s aw no IOndians on the rojute, nor any signs of them, except at the point where the

