
murder was commintted. The country traveled over is a barren, desolate waste of sgebrush and alkali plins, producing no vegetation whatever, except in Reese River Valley there are some few good hay ranches, and on the Humboldt River, the valley of which is from five to ten miles wide, the greater portion of it very rich and fertile, and will eventually be of very great value to this State. But very little water on the route except at the points mentioned. No timber whatever but a little scrubgbly pine on the moutains rsurrounding Pine Valley.

The above report is most resepctdfully submitted.

JOHN U. TOLLES,

Second Lieutenant Co. B, First NevadaInfty. Vols., Commanding Expedition.

Captain GEORGE A. THURSTON,

Commanding Post, Fort Ruby.

JUNE 13- 26, 1865. - Expedition from Dun Glen to Fairbanks Station, nev.

Report of Lieutenant Ricahrd A. Osmer, Second California Cavalry.

FAIRBANKS STATION, HUMBOLDT [COUNTY], NEV.,

July 7, 1865.

COLONEL: In obedience with your instructions contained in letters of June 13, and 26, I have the honor to make the following report of my movements since my departure from Dun Glen: I left that place on the morning of the 3rd instant, and proceeded to this station without delay. Arrived here on the 4th instant. I had learned that the gentleman who keps this station (Mr. Fairbanks) could both inform and, if necessary, guide me to a camp where some fifty or more hostile 	Indians, who had stolen much cattle fromthis vicinity, were camped. I made it y business to inquire from Mr. Faibanks the particulars regarding this band of Indians, and he informed me of their many hostilities and depredations. Whereupon, on the night of the 5th instant, I took iwith me Second lieut. W. G. Overend and sixty- five enlisted men, togethere with Mr. Fairbanks as the guide, and proceeded to the range of mountains lying east, called the Second East Range, where I understood from the guide he had seen this band and the stolen cattle. Having traveled a distance of over twenty- five miles of a very rough and barren section, I arrived at daybreak to where the camp stood. I took all the necessary measures and precautions to surprise thema and mke the attack while they were unperpared, and afer searching the camp I found, much to my disappointment, that I could find none in it, notwithstanding the place was well fortified and much tiem and labor must have been given by the Indians to make it so formidable. I then made a thorough scout for them on foot for miles around in the different cliffs and rocky muntains whihc abound in this section, but with as little success; however, the place bore their tracks in some parts, and I followed them until hidden from view. While returning to this place I dispatched squads of my men in different directions to scut, and on their arrival in camp reported that no indians could be seen. It is my intention to start from here to- morrow for Summit Spring, situated in Golconda Range, and scout for several days in that section, and give my particular attention to the surrounding country until, in obedience to your orders, I willbring my company to Dun Glen for inspection on the 20th instant. At the earnest solicitation oF mr. Fairbanks and

