
other settlers, I will leave a squad of ten men at this place to protect them against an invasion, which they expect daily.

Hoping, colonel, that my movements will meet your approval, I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

R. A. OSMER,

First Lieutenatt, Second Cava. Cal. Vols., Commanding Compny B.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES McDERMIT,

Second Cavalry California Vlunteers,

Commanding Humboldt Expedition, Camp Numbers 16.

JUNE 26- JULY 6, 1865. - Expedition from Fort Bowie to the Gila River, Ariz. Ter., with skirmishes (July 3) at Cottonwood Creek and (4th) at Cavalry Cnon, Aeriz. Ter.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Clarence E. Bennett, First California Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Bowie, Apache Pass, Ariz. Ter., july 6, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 26th of June at 7 p. m. I left this post with a command consisting of tirty enlisted men of CompanY L, First Cavalry California Volunteers, ten men of Company M, and three of Company F, same regiment. Mr. George Cox, Charles Kenyon, and Mr. Dysart, citizens, volunteered to accompany me. I had as guides Lojinio, the Apache boy, who so successfully guided Colonel Davis and Captain Tidball against the Apaches, and Merehildo, the guide at Fort Bowie, both good guides. I startyed west on the road leading out of th pass. Near the mouth of the pass I turned to the right on an old Indian trail, and followed along the wast of the Chircicahua Range of mountians int the direction ofDos Cabezas. The trail runs over very rough gound, passing throrugh canons nearly the whole way. Bayond the Dos Cabezas north about three miles I turned northeast through the moutains, through a ki d of pass over broken hills. About five miles in the pass reached a deep canon with wood, water, and grass in good quantities. Camped at 4 a. m. on the 27th. Lay over at this camp during th day, which was exceedingly hot. Just before dark I moved down th ecanon, which was narrow and very roky, abad trail for horses, for about two miles. Tw o horses fell, considerabley [injuring] their riders. About six miles from first camp I found a little canon in which there was cold, clear water of excellent quality, as are all those mountain springs nand strems. Here I cmped. Called it Camp Numbers 2. Distance from Fort Bowie twent- five mies. Waited here for darkness, so that emerging into the more open country my ocmmand would not be discovered by Indians. As soon as it was sufficiently dark I eresumed the march, trail leading in a norhterly direction. Continued until about 3 a. m. Halted a short distance from water to go in at dawn of day in case it should be used by Indians. Upon haliting I found one man absent. Last seen he had sdismounted to fasten his saddle on more securely. I sent back, but failed to dind him. At dawn I camped in a deep canon. Water obtained by digging in the sand; not in great quntity; wood and grass; . Day excessively hot. It was impossible for man or beast to procure rest. Lay over at Camp Numbers 3 the 28th. Distance from Cap Numbers 2 twenty- five miles. Now on the east side of the Chiricahua Range in broken hills, and a

