
compelled me to move on. About 10 a. m. on the 3rd found a fresh footprint of an Apache hunting. I kept in to the left along th base oft the mountains as much out of sight as practicable. In about half an hour found another track, also hunting, indicating the proximity of rancheria. I sent the guides to the top of a mountian to our left. They discovered seven bucks going slowly west. I moved on to a deep arroyo, dismounted, unpacked, s ecuredthe horses well, posted the guard over the anumals, and crept over the side with the remainder of the command into a canon that ran north and south. Moved south until we got below the Indisns; then moved parallel to them. About six miles fromwhere I left the horses I discoveredthe rancheria. I got my command within about 200 yards of it behind a high ridge. The rancheria was surrounded by a thick growth of scrub oaks, and just at the mouth of three caons. I charged from the top of the ridge. The rattling of stones probably alarmed the Indians. They fled, leaving everything int he rancheria. Every time an Indian was seen in the openings in the oaks he was fired on. None were killed that I know of, though it was believed that some of the shots took effect. In the rancheria I found a McClellan saddle, broken, bridle bits of Government pattern cut down, a hatchet, tin cup, and an awl taken from Fort Buchanan at the time of the murder of Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Hopkins, and the soldier in February last. Found soldier stockings, blouse, large quantity of mescla prepared for food, a brass kettle (now in possession of Company L, cavlry), hides of all kinds, a great many; large number of old saddles, panniers, &amp;c. I burned the rancheria and everything it contained, first putting sand and ashes into the cakes of mescal, than put them into the bonfire. As there was a fine stld water at this place I sent for horses and pack animals and made dinner in this canon, which was about forty miles from Fort Goodwin, nearly due south from Eureka Springs, and a number of miles fro it. This attack could have been, if made at dawn of day, a perfect success, but it was impossible for me todelay that long, for the two Apatches hunting would cross my trail on their return before night. The squaws and children were out gathe3ring acorns and we would be discovered before the next morning. As it proved, the hunters discovered the horses just as I charged the rancheria and gave the alarm. That the Indians escaped with their lives nobody regrets more than I do. After grazing th anumals until near sundown I made a thorough examination to see that everything was destroyed, then started int the direction of Fort Goodwin and continued until after drk. A cold drizzly rainst in accompanied by a thick fog. I then turned about and followed the bade ofte mountian around to the left, first west, then south in the diretion of Apache Pass. Marched hard all night on Indian trils. At ddawn of day approached a large cnanon,, cottonwood trees ectending from it far into Sulhur Spring Valley. Rainded furiously at times. Reached the mouth of canon, and upon crossing it [found] that horses running had within ten minutes gone up the canon. I charged on after tehm. About three miles up the canon charged another rancheria, but the Indians had been alramed and were seen in every direction, from 500 to 1,000 yards, ascending the mountains. A brisk fire was opened, and I thoght two shots that I particualry noticed took effect. This was the notorious Francisco's band. He m ade his appearance on the mountain and abused everybody; declared he never would make peace with the whites, and said the Apaches did not iintend to. I then moved down the canon, which I called Cavalry

27 R R- VOL L, PT I

