
I trust the results will be satisfactory to the geenral commanding the district.

I have to honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARENCE E. BENNETT,

Lieutenant Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain JOHN GREEN,

Asst. Adjut. General, U. S . Vols., Hdqrs. District of Arizona.

JULY 2- 13, 1865. - Expedition from CampLyon, Idaho Ter., to the Malheur River, Oreg., with skirmish (9th).

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Lieutenant Colonel John M. Drake, First Oregon infnatry, commanding Sub- District of Boise.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Charles Hobart, First Oregon Cavalry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John M. Drake, First Oregon Infantry, commanding Sub- District of Boise.
HEADQUARTERS SUB- DISTRICT OF BOISE,Fort Boise, idaho Ter., July 18, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith, for the information of the colonel commanding the district, a copy of Lieutenant Hobart's report of an action with the Snake Indians near the headwaters of the Malheur River on the morning of the 9th instant. The Indians received a pretty severe punishment, and will not be apt to attack that command again. The wounded man, Private phillips, of Company B, First Oregon Cavalry, has been brought to this post and is doing well. From thelocality of this affair I judge the band of Indians to be the same that have been depredating on the Boise road, along Burnt River, and int he vicinity of Auburn. From inquiry made along Burnt River while en route to this post, I learned that the rumors current along the Columbia River a few days ago, to the effet that an extensive Indin raid had been made on Auburn and the adjacent settlements, was without any other foundation than the capture of a pack trin near Shaw ranch on the night of the 7th instant. I believe the rumor to have been circulated designedly for some sinister purpose. A portion of Lieutenant Hobart's command, twenty- five men, under command of Lieutenant Gates, were dispatched by Lieutenant hobart July 1 to Surprise Valley, or to such point on the California road where a detachment of troops from Fort Bidwell could be met, the object being to patrol the road in conjunction with the troops stationed at Fort Bidwell, as directed in General Orders, Numbers 36, current series, department headqaurters. The number of troops at Camp Lyon is insufficient for the duties prescribed- the protection of the mining settlement and patrolling two California roads. The road to Paradise Valley will have to be left to he care of the troops stationed there, unless the garrison at Camp Lyon is increased.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO M. DRAKE,

Lieutenant- Colonel First oregon infantry, Commanding.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

