
thirty dragoons. We will leave here in the morning by way of a trail to avoid the stationed troops. We expect to cross the Colorado below the fort in order to avoid the stationed troops at Fort Yuma. I have nothing more of interest to write. Woods is well and in our party. He came down from San Francisco by stage. We expect some difficulty in getting across the river. I have received no letters from you since the answer to mine sent you by Woods. Give my compliments to my friend O. Will write as soon as convenient.

Yours, brotherly,

T. L. ROBERTS.

Numbers 3.

Report of Captain Henry A. Greene, First California Infantry.

[NOVEMBER 30, 1861.]

MAJOR: My command, with detachment from Company F, of ten men, First Infantry Regiment California Volunteers, left Oak Grove Station November 28, 1861, at 1. 30 p. m., in accordance with instructions from Major E. A. Rigg, commanding Camp Wright and Oak Grove, in San Diego County, Cal., and proceeded to the Indian village (Village of the Cross), where I detached second Lieutenant W. B. Smith, of Company G, First Infantry Regiment California Volunteers, with twenty-three men, to guard the pass entering San Jose Vailley from Pala. I then proceeded with the residue of my command (thirty-four rank and file) on the trail leading to O'Campo's ranch, or Santa Isabel, where I arrived with twenty-six men at 1 a. m. the 29th of November, 1861. On my arrival at Santa Isabel scouts were sent to learn the movements of the enemy. At 12m. the scouts returned, informing me of the capture of the enemy. Upon receiving this news I immediately sent a dispatch to Major E. A. Rigg, informing him also of the capture, whereupon I received a message from Major E. A. Rigg informing me to return to camp at Oak Grove Station. I immediately retraced my steps, arriving at Oak Grove Station on the 30th day of November, 1861.

I have the honor to submit the above report to your consideration.

HENRY A. GREENE,

Captain, Comd. Company G, First Infantry California Volunteers.

Major EDWIN A. RIGG,

Commanding First Infantry Regiment California Volunteers.

Numbers 4.

Reports of Lieutenant Chauncey R. Wellman, First California Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Wright, November 22, 1861.

MAJOR: I have the honor to present you with a report of a detachment of cavalry on patrol duty, under my command, pursuant to special orders from the headquarters at Camp Wright, dated November 19, 1861:

I left Camp Wright at 8 a. m. November 20, 1861, and proceeded to Santa Isabel; was dealyed about one hour at Buena Vista looking for Francisco O'Campo, two miles from here. I with my detachment arrived at Santa Isabel at 11 a. m. I immediately proceeded to examine a trail leading from that place to Temecula and the

