
The Indians were pursued five or six miles, a running fight being kept up all the time till they managed to escape down a steep, rocky canon, leaving in our hands the body of one Indian whom they were unable to take off, his arms and ammunitin, and nine horses. Three other dead Indians were carried off by them, together with their wounded; how many in number I could not say, the country being so cut up with canons breaking off from the main ridge that an Indian could elude pursuit by going into them. The horses captured were covered with blood, and I think quite a number of Indians must have been wounded, as the fire of our men was quik and well directed. During the pursuit Corporal Walker and Private Phillips, of Company B, separated from the main body in chase and, the Indians coming out the canon behind, turned and fought their way back through the Indians. Private phillips was seriously wounded. Corporal Walker turned back and killed an Indian that was just going to knock Philips off his horse. TH eIndians did not pursue them farther. By this time others had come up and continued the pursuit till the Indians separated and escaped into the canons. The number of Indians cannot be corectly estimated. The mounted Indians numbered about seventy. The Indians onf oot kept on the high points and in the heas of thie rocky canons and must have been in large numbers. I think white men must have been among them, for they told us in good English to "come on, you sons of bitches, we can whip you anywhere. " They had considerable soldiers' clothing among them and appear to have plenty of arms and ammunition. I am of the iopinion that some of the Boise Indians were with them, as the gun camptured is one of those that were stored int he quartemaster's storehouse at Fort Boise. The place where we had the engatgement is about twenty- five miles in a southeast line from Pilot Rock, a high mountain forty miles south of Canyon City, near which the roads from Canyon City to Boise and California separate. I think that their is a large body of Indins in that section of country and that they have made that part their base of operations. Returning from the Malheur River, we arrived at this post to- day. IOn conclusion, I would speak int he highest terms of the bravery and judgment shown by Sergeant Wallace and Corporal Walker, which aided greatly in the successful issue of the day. Our loss is 2 horses and 1 mule. THe horses got away during the engagement and we were unable to find them afterward. The mule was severely wounded and unable to travel and was shot by my order.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient srvant,'

CHARLES HOBART,

Second Lieutenant, Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Camp Lyon, Idaho Ter.

Lieutenant Colonel J. M. DRAKE,

First Oregon infantry, Commanding Sub- District of Boise.

JULY 10- 21, 1865. - Expedition from Fort Bowie to maricopa Wells, Ariz. Ter.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Clarence E. Bennett, First California Cavalry.

MARICOPA WELLS, ARIZ. TER., July 21, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in compliance with the orders of General J. S . Mason, commanding District of Arizona, I left Fort Bowie, Ariz. Ter., to examine, measure, and report upon the wagon

