
route via Croton Spring, Fort Breckinridge to Maricopa Wells. I left Fort Bowie, Apache Pass, Ariz. Ter., at 4 a. m. on the 10th of July, 1865. Followed the old overland road to Ewell's Station. Road is over rolling hills nearly the whole distance. Camped near the station. Distance 13 miles 887 feet. Sent the animals in the direction of Dos Cabezas for water, three miles distant, and but little of it. At 6 p. m. resumed the march nearly west, across an alkali plain. At 12 o'clock found miry ground and had to await daylight before going to Croton Spring. At daylight on 11th moved up to Su; phur Spring, or Croton, as it is better known. Distacne from Ewell['s Station 11 miles 3,540 feet. At 3 p. m. left Croton Spring. Went nearly south three- quarters of a miles, then west about two miles and a half. Roads fork. Took right- hand fork. At 7 p. m. had to stop and wedge on wagon tire. Distancce from Croton Spring 10 miles 4,039 2/3 feet. Resumed the march at 9. 45 p. m. Tire broke. Distance 4 miles 13 3/10 feet. Immediately sent an express back to Fort Bowie for another wagon, two days' forage, and rations. Camped in a little arroyo. Bad place for Indians. Road good up tothis point. July 12, lay over awaiting wagon. Rained hard, furnishing water in rocks for men and animals. Fresh tracks of Indians found of twelve or thirteen bucks on one trail. July 13, laid over until 3 p. m. Wagon arrived with an escort of Company L, First California Cavalry Volunteers. The escort started back, having brought an extra wheel, and I immediately moved on toward the San Pedro. Every possible precaution was taken to guard against beingsurprises by Iondians. The road rus over rolling hills and then descends to the San pedro, a steady descent of between four and five miles- a hard pull for tems laden going east. Reached the San Pedro Valley at evening. Lost all traces of the road. Worked my way about one mile and ahalf down the river and camped ; forthenight. Distance from broken- wagonwheel camp 9 miles 5,188 feet. Quails in great numbers near this camp. July 14, marched at 6 a. m. Nooned at 12 m. Second camp 10 miles 859 1/2 feet. At 1. 30 p. m. moved on. Worked on. Sun terribly hot. Filled up gullies and arroyos and cut throutgh brush. Made 4 miles 3,160 feet. Then had to cut eighty yards to the river through driftwood and brush. Third camp, and a bad one, surrounded by brush. July 15, marched at 5 a. m. Had to cut four miles through thick brush. Day very hot. Camped at 12. Mules nearly tired out. Fourth camp 8 miles 5,209 feet. At 1 p. m. moved on; road had to be worked in places. Fifth camp on San Pedro, 9 miles 105 feet. Found a trail of nearly 100 Indians. Lojinio says it is a war party, and they have killed some one, and an open question whether they will attack us. Trail going in the direction of Arivaypa Canon. Left campon 16th at 6 a. m. Road generally good. Worked at times. Fine bottom land along the San Pedro. Rained hard. Kept on. Arrived at Fort Breckinridge at 3 p. m. Distance 24 miles 4,163 feet. ROad good. Saw plenty of Indian tracks. Had rather seen their bones. T he valley of the San Pedro, like the Santa Cruz, opens out in a series of fine valleys; rich garming land; some of the richest land I ever saw. One of the cavalryhourses snagged.

July 17, Monday, crossed the San Pedro at this post at 6 a. m. Work commenced. Ran up a canon southwest. Very heavy sand. Narrow canon; sides rocky and nearly perpendicular. Two miles and a half cameto a large walnut tree on the right side of the canon. Here leave thiscanon, turn to theright and follow up a canon west. Deep sand and the heat in these canons can be properly appreciated only by traversing them in midsummer. Distance to top of divide, 10

