
miles and 80 feet. Road gradually descends over gravelly ground. About three miles from top of ridge waterto the left of road abut one mile bowlders. At the water is one large cottonwood tree. Dug in the sand about 100 feet below this tree and got water. Distance from Breckinridge, 13miles 3,005 feet. Good grama grass. Rolling hills around. Few Indian tracks. July 18, Tuesday, left lone cottonwood 5 a. m. Entered a canon and traveled down it. Heaavy sand for th last thirteen miles. At its mouth came out into a small flat and about as univiting a section of country as can be found. Here turn to the right and go down a canon toward the GIla for water. Distance to the middle of tis flat, 23 miles 3,611 feet. Started down to water on the old wagon road. Broke the odometer. About three miles and a half came to the water, after going down a canon all the way of the very heaviest sand, and to make it worse it was terribly hot. Found the water stagnant, green, strong aof alkali, and unfit for man or beast. Cleaned out the water holes and waited from 1 to 5 p. m. for water to drizzle in. Got three- fourths of a bucket of water for each of the mules, nonef for th horses, and started up this canon to the turning- off point. COntinued in a westerly direction. Road fine, gravelly. Halted at 3 a. m. until daylight, then moved to the Gila. Estimated distance twenty- five miles. Camped at White's ranch at 7 a. m. 19th. Fed the animals cornstalks. Watered them three times in six hours. At 5 p. m. left camp. Road good down the Gila. Reached Sacaton Station at 11. 30 p. m. Found Captain Ledyard encamped there. Rested until 1 a. m. Moved forward to the Pimas. Estimated distane from White's ranch, thirty miles. Laid over July 20, Thursday, a t WHite's Mill. Drew grain for horses and mules for 20th and 21st and hay for one day. July 21, Friday, started the command at 6 a. m. for Maricopa. Arrived at 10 a. m. and encamped. Distance twelve miles. Distance from Fort Bowie to Maricopa Wells via Fort Breckinridge and Croton Spring, 211 miles 2,220 feet. Distance from Croton Spring to Maricopa Wells via Breckinridge, 186 miles 3,173 feet. Distance from Breckinridge to Maricopa Wells, 104 miles 1,338 feet. The alkali plain east of Croton Spring I think will be found impassable in wet weather, as well as portions of the San Pedro Valley above Breckinridge. I had twelve cavalry, and considering the Indian trails I passed, the numerous Indian tracks, indicating the close proximity of large numbers of Indians, in getting through safe I consider I did very well. The road should be cut out and a good one made up the San Pedro Valley as soon as circumstqnces will permit. My men were on guard every night. Worked hard during the daay, and this cheerfully. Every precaution was taken against Indians. This forced me to camp early enough to get through cooking to have the fires all iout before dark. Carbines, pistols, and ammunition were put every night in readiness for a fight before the morning. No fires were lighted until it was fairly day and it had been determined no Indians were in ambush. The same complaint I have to mak\e on this trip in reference to the cartridges. They will break up in the boxes when carried on horseback. New saddles are needed. One cavalry horse died the night of the 16th at Fort Breckinridge. T	he road viarable for freighting to Forts Bowie and Goodwin.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARENCE E. BENNETT,

Lieutenant Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain JOHN GREEN, U. S. Volunteers,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Disstrict of Arizona.

