
JULY 17, 1865. - Skirmish on the Owyhee River, Idaho Ter.

Report of Lieutenant C	harles Hobart, First Oregon Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SUB- DISTRICT OF BOISE,Fort Boise, August 11, 1865.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT- GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter. ;

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of a report by Lieutenant Hobart of an affair with Indians on the Owyhee that occurred on the 17th of July. THis report is dated July 18. It was not received until the 8th instant, having been delayed by being sent through some channel at Ruby City other than the one usually adopted.

Veryr esepctfully, your obedient servant,

JNO M. DRAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Oregon Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Lyon, Idaho Ter., July 18, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that Sergeant Wallace with his command returned to - day. The y followed on the trail of the stock stolen from Jordan Creek, and yesterday found the Indians ina canon of the Owyhee, about forty five miles south of this camp. The sides of the canon were about 800 feet high, and was only passable for stock by a narrow trail by which the Indins had driven the stolen stock down. THe horses of the command were left under guard on the table- land, and the remainder of the command divided into tow parties, one entering the canon below and the other above the Indians. There were twelve or fifteen warriors in camp. The party led by Sergeant Phillips was enabled to get to their station before the party led by Sergeant Wallace (on account of having the longest and roughest road to follow) could get to theirs. The intention was for Sergeant Phillips not to commence firing until he heard the guns of the other party, but being discovered by two Indisns who were washing in the river, he was obliged to commence the attack. The other party soon came up, and the results were 4 Indians left dead on the field, some others who managed to get across the river, but were seen to be servely wounded, 1 ox (the only one left alive of the band stolen), 2 horses, a number of bows and arrows, ammunition, several hundred pounds of dried meat, a large amount of dried berries, trinkets, &amp;c., robes, furs, blankets, and all the stuff in their camp, 2 revolvers, parts of a Henry rifle, and empty shells for it, so that there is no doubt that this was the party who killed McCummins and McGregor last winter. I think that but very few of the party- not more than two or three- got awqay unhurt. The camp and everytuhing it contained was burned, and the command returned to Jordan Creek last night, and arrived at Camp Lyon about 2 p. m. to- day.

Great credit is due Sergeant Wallace for the energy and bravery shown by him in surprising and destroying this band of thieves. The sergeant speaks in the highest terms of the conduct of the men.

I a, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES HOBART,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant Colonel J. M. DRAKE,

First Oregon Infantry, Commanding Sub- District of Boise.

