
mountian, believing that we would be perfectly safe if we could gain the mountian; at least, if it gave us no other advanctage, it would be the most direct route to our camp, where we would obatin relief. The firing was brisk on both sides. The bullets were whizzing among us. We were not sufficient in numbers to protect all sides at one time. When within hald a mile of the mountain some twenty or twenty- five horsemen fell in ahead of us and ascended the mountian tat the very place for which we were striving, and we had the mortification of seeing them take position in the rocks to cut us down if we advanced. At this time I cojuuld see but one alternative, and that was to turn direct to the right and travel parallel to the mountai, and make for Selvie's River, some five miles off. The men were tired, nearly exhausted, their lips parched with thirst, and the whole distance to the river was one level sandy sage plain. As we turned, nearly all the footmen and two- thirds the horsemen pursued along the foot of the mountain to our left. I now placed Corporal Johnson to guard the left flank and Private McPherson to guard the rear, the places from whihc the most danger came, and the men were then ordered in singly file, fifteen paces apart and parallel to the mountain. In this manner we marched to Selvie's River with a constant shower of bullets falling among us or whistling over our heads. The sage- brush in many places, being of heavy growth, gave the Indians favorable opportunities, and many shots were fired at us from a distnace of from 75 to 100 yards, the Indians generally dodging down and avaoiding our shorts. On approaching the river, Private Alexander Griffin, of Company H, First Oregon Infantry, was severely wounded in the left hip, but not disabled, As we reached the willows on the river the Indians struck the river above and below us. My men were so tired they could scarcely travel, and nearly choked with thirst. My mouth was so parched that I could scarcely give command. I at once ordered three men through the stream without a moment's pause to protect our front. Three others were faced abut to guard the rear, while the remainder took a hasty drink of water and relieved them. Our delay at the stream was not over one and one- half minutes, and at the command "fall in on the east side," every man was instantly at this post, and we marched at double- quick for about 300 yards from the willows along stream to an open level plain. A few horsemen were in front but the bulk of the Indians had halted along he stream. We now turned up the valley norhward in the firection of our camp, firing still kept up briskly by the Indians from the river onour left. Private Smith, of Company F, First Oregon Infantry, was at this time slightly wounded in the left foot. It was now about sundown, and our camp still four miles off- so far that we could not hope for them (the men in camp) to hear our guns. After sudown a moutned Indian with a blazing torch struck ourt from the river an fired the grass on aline for two miles in length, and crossing at right angles through the prairie before us, and betwixt us and our camp. We still opushed on (heavy firing all the time kept up on both sides), passing through the fire line, and aimed to strike the river three miles or two and a half below camp. The ground was level; no very high grass, and but little sage- brush. We were soon expecting a re- enforcement from camp. We thought we were safe unless s some random shot fromte willows should strike us, and there was much dnager, for whole volleys were occasionally fired at one time, and would strike int he grass or whistle past us. At this time I was stunne4d by a volley of five or six rifles from a dry gully four or five feet deep directly ahead of us. I looked around expecting to see one- half of my men fall dead, but none were injured. The men were at once ordered into a sink at our left of sufficient depath to hide them.

