
From this position we had three or four good shots, not over sixty yards distant, at those who had fired the last volley. This was the last firing on either side. I rested the men a half- hour, and it now being dark (except light from fire which now extended up and down the river for some distane), so that it was impossible for us to move int he direction of camp without placing us directly between the Indians (in the willows along the river), and the blazing fires o n the prairies. I could see no other avenue of escape than to double up on our track, which was accordingly done, and we double- quicked it out of our position and soon placed the fires betwixt us and the mass of Indians along the stream. We traveled four or five miles in a course directly opposite from camp and made a large circle to the northward and gained our camp at 2 o'clock on the morning ofte 24th, having traveled forty- five miles without food or rest, nseven hours of which being under a heavy fire from the Indians, who outnumbered us at least six to one. From the place where the fight began to its terminatin was about fifteen miles, three- fourths of which was a sandy sage plain. The attack upon us was made at about 12 m., and was kept up without any cessation until about 7 p. m. during which time it is certan that fifteen Indians were killed and several horses crippled. Our two wounded men were safely brought in. The men al acquitted themselves creditably. not an order or command was given but what was instantly obeyed. Corporal Johnson and Private McPherson are entitled to great credit for their valuable services, without which the whole detachment might have been cut off. Our long- range guns and superior marksmen gave us advantqages that rendeered their superior numbers far less formidable than if we had been armed with common rifles.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. L. WILLIAMS,

Captain, First Oregon Infantry, Commanding Selvie's River Expedition.

Colonel GEORGE B. CURREY,

First Regiment oregon Infantry,

Commanding Dept. of the Columbia, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

CAMP WRIGHT,

On Selvie's River, Oreg., September 26, 1865.

SIR: On September 18, I arrived at Selvie's River with twenty- four men of my command, and on 23d, while scouting with twelve men, I scared up a hornet's nest of 75 or 100 Indians, who surrounded us, and for seven long and weary hours we fought in the cent3r of a living circle, and finally dodged the Indians after dark and reached camp at 2 o'clock next morning, having traveled forty- five miles without food or rest, fifteen miles of which was under as heavy a fire from Indians as men ever withstood and came out of alive. I had one man severely wounded int the hip and one slightly wounded in the foot. It is certain that fifteen Indians were killed and several horses creippled. I will give you the official report in detail soon. I have no blanks for post returns. Orders, Numbers 7, as far as I am concerned, I think will be carried out, the opposition of a large band of Indians to the contrary notwithostanding.

In great haste, your obedient servant,

L. L. WILLIAMS.

Colonel G. B. CURREY,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

P. S. - I can get good hay and have named my camp after General Wright.

L. L. W.

