
rest of the country. I returned about 1. 30 p. m., had encamped at O'campo's ranch. At 6. 30 p. m. O'Campo came home. I immediately, or as soon as possible, sent a servant (a Spaniard) on the trail leading from that place to Temecula, with the instructions that you turned over to me. He started at 7 p. m. November 20, and returned on the 21st, at 6. 30 p. m., and reported of having seen no party or parties of men either on the trail or at Temecula; also having made inquiries, but did not hear of any party of parties of men approaching. He reports the trail being rough, hilly, and very bad for traveling. The trail passes through several small villages, which are as follows: From Santa Isabel to Mesa de State, 3 miles; to Mesa Grande, 6 miles; to La Joya, 9 miles; to La Pioche, 1 1/2 miles; to Posteau, 1 mile; to Pauma, 8 miles; to Pala, 12 miles; to Temecula, 8 miles; whole distance 48 miles. There is also a trail leading from Buena Vista (two miles from here), and passes over the mountains to San Jose, on the Los Angeles road. The Temecula trail crosses it at La Mesa Grande (some three miles from Buena Vista); there is also another trail which leads from Santa Isabel to San Felipe; it is a pretty good road for horses (but impassable for wagons); examined it for abouhere is considerable travel on it. At 1 p. m. November 21 sent out a party of threemen on the San Diego road. They returned at 4. 30 p. m., and reported no persons seen on the road for twelve miles. They saw a Spaniard (well know to Mr. O'Campo, who says that he is a Union man) who says that he left Los Angels on the 18th of November, but did not see or hear of any party or parites of men going south, and that it was quiet as usual along the road. There is an Indian village on the san Diego road, about thirty-one miles from Camp Wright, called San Paqual. It is near the junction of the san Pedro and San Diego roads. From this village here is a trail that leads to Viecito, and another trail about three or four miles this side of the village (San Paswual) that goes to San Felipe. Left camp at Santa Isabel 6. 30 a. m., and arrived at Camp Wright at 8. 30 a. m. November 22, 1861.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WELLMAN,

Second Lieutenant, First Cavalry California Vols., Commanding Detachment.

Major E. A. RIGG,

First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP WRIGHT,Oak Grove Station, November 30, 1861.

MAJOR: Pursuant to special orders, dated November 27, 1861, I proceeded in search of a party of men at Temecula, going toward the colorado. Arriving at the Dutchman's, Geftareus, I met a man by the name of Hamilton, who said that he (Hamilton) was in search of a man (he not knowinghis name) that had taken his horse; that the said man was with another called Sumner. I searched him. I found nothing on him, with the exceptionof a slip of paper that I gave you last night. After I examined him (Hamilton) I proceeded to Temecula, and arrived there at 11 p. m. November 27. I made inquiries of the party in question, but could get no other information than that a party of sixteen men had been there on the night of the 26th, and had left for parts unknow on the morning of the 27th, at 10 o'clock. On the morning of the 28th I took their trail, via Temecula, within about one-quarter of a mile of Mr. Winter's ranch. About 8. 30 p. m. I camped there for the night without water or forage. Early on the morning of the 29th I

