HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wah. Ter., January 3, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN WHITEAKER,

Governor of Oregon, Salem, Oreg.:

SIR: I have tho honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of December 28, with respect to Mr. Thompson's proposed expedition into the Snake country and the rescue of the four children said to be int he hands of the Snakes. The subject of the inbvestigation of the truth of the report with regard to these children and of their rescue, if they be in camptivity, had fromth first moment of the receipt of the intellignce attracted my warmest interest. Mesengers dispatched by Major Steen, commanding the troops at Fort Walla Walla, and Mr. Cain, the Indian agent int hat neighborhood, have been sent into the Snake country to ascertain if there by any children captives there. These messengers being Nez Perce Indians, known tothe Snakes, will not ecite their suspicion, and being a small party and acquainted with the country, and not likely to encounter the hostility of the Snakes, they will probably be able to pentrate tothe remote locations of the Snakes at this time, notwiethstanding the rigor of the season. If the children be alive, they are, if possible, to obtain them by negotiation forthwith. At all events, they are to return and report the information acquired without dealy. I have received no report of the return of this party, but hope to hear in a few days. Major Steen, an officer of high reputation for his knowledge of Indians and Indian warfare, and who has spent many years on the frontier and in cmapaigns int he Indian country, may be safely relied upon to achieve all that can be accomplished at this time. Besides the confidence I have felt in this, on the 128th of December I sent instrtuctins to Major Sten to perserver in the search for the children, and to use all the means in his power for their rescue. I shall not fail to take any other steps that may sesecure this end. That the troops at Fort Walla Walla are to be relied on for any srvice that duty and sympathy for sufferingcall for is sufficiently evinced by t heir late sucessful expedition immediately after the receipt of the news of the massacre, the result of which was the rescue from death of twelve human beings. The necessity of bringing these hepless sufferers as soon as possible into the settlements prevented Captain Dnet from prosecuting at the time further search adn punishing the Snakes as far as practicable, alothough when he started on his return to Walla Walla he was amid the snow. An energetic campaign against the Snakes, to be commenced early and continued late, has beem, as you have been informed, determined upon. The matter has been made the subject of correspondene, with the authorities at the East. It is hoped that the necessary appropriations for the object and for the post at Boise will be made early. It is not seen that any useful result can be obtained by the proposed expedition of Mr. Thompson with twenty- five men. You may rest assured that whatever can be done for the rescue of the children will be done by Major Steen. What he proves himself unable to achieve I doubt if otehrs will be better able to accomplish as the circumstances now are.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRITHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.

