
the same season, and winterin ng int he mountains northeast of us would cause much expense, the loss of many animals and much suffering among the men.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. STEEN,

Major, First Dragoons, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., January 8, 1861.

Major W. W. MACKALL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Deaprtment of California, San Francisco:

MAJOR: In reply to your letter of yestaday I have th honor to state, for the infoarmation ofte colonel commanding, that I have on hand for disbursement on subsistence account $11,631. 04. The COmmmissary- General has regularly and promptly answered my requisitins upon him for funds, but these requisitins have not yet been filled by the Treasury Deaprtment. The following posta sin the Dpeartment of Clifornia are supplied with subsistence as follows: Forts Yuma, Churchill, Crook, Ter- Waw, Gaston, and detachment at Honey Lake to about 	July 1, 1861; Fort Mojave to about May 1, 1861; Fort Umpqua to about March 31, 1861; Forts Tejon, Bragg, and Bwenicia Barracks to about March 1, 1861 New San Diegeo, Forts Humboldt and Alcatraz, and Presidio to about February 1, 1861. The amount of subsitence stores on hand in this city, wity the exception of pork, is very small. All requisitins upon me for the Deaprtment of California have been filled.

Veryr esepctfully, major, your obedient servant,

M. D. L. SIMPSON,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., January 11, 1861.

Captain M. MALONEY,

Forth Infty., Commanding Camp Chehalis, Gray's Harbor, 	Wash. Ter.:

SIR: Your report of the 21st ultimo has been received. The colonel commanding finds it quite satisgactory. The petition is subscribed thus: "J. L. McKee and seventy- two others. " The statement of Matthew McGee, Q	uineault County, who was ordered to leave the Quineault country be the Indians, taken captive, &amp;c. ; Absalom Armstrong, north side of Gray's Harbor, whose house had been three times broken open, &c. ; Mr. J. L. Payn, north side of Gray's Harbor, who has lost his property by theft, threatened by Indians, &c; also of David Helser. David Helser and G. A. Wood accompanyt he petition. A certificate as to the resepctable character of the last- mentined affants is sugned thus: "Lyman Shaffer and thirty- six other. " The statements all speak of the geenral hostility of the Indians in your region. Your letter of the 26th has also been received. Your request that your post may be called Fort Chehalis and be constituted a double- ration post has been forwarded to the War Deaprtment approved. Colonel Wright had thought of discontinuing the post at Chehalis in the spring, but in view of the fears of the settlers he judged it expedient that a post be maintained there for some time yet, and has so recommended. The force, however, will not be increased.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Captain, Third Artillery, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

