
[Inclosure.]

To the COMMANDER OFTE DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC:

We your memoralists, the legislative assembly of the Territory of Washington, would respectfully represent that since Fort Bellingham has been abandoned byt the military the numerous tribes of Indians residing int ehvicinity have shown unmistakable evidence of hostility to the whites, grwing out of the non- fulfilment of treaty stipulatins on thpart o our Gonvernment. The settlement on Bellingham Bay is also liable to be surprised at any time by the northern, or British, Indians, who periodically visit the sound for plunder, and situated near the forty- ninth parallel, it is of the utmost importance that Fort Bellingham should be reoccupied by at least one company of U. S . troops for the protection of said settlement of Bellingham Bay.

Passed the House January 17, 1861.

LYMAN SHAFFER,

Speaker Huse of Representatives.

Passed the council January 18, 1861.

PAUL K. HUBBS,

President of the Council.

SECRETARY'S OFFICE,

Olypia, Wash. Ter., February 1, 1861.

I hereby certify the foregoing to be a true and perfect copy of the origianl memorial on file in this office.

HENRY M. McGILL,

Secretarty of Territory.

ORDERS, HEADUARTERS, Numbers 5. Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., February 4, 1861.

Bvt. Major William N. Grier, First Dagoons, with forty men of his comapny, will proceed to- morrow morning to the Umatilla to confer with the agent, Mr. Abbott, concerning certain recent deapredations by a party of Indians on the Columbia, and, if necessary, to proceed to the Indian camp, secure and punish the offenders, and remove the remainder to the reservation. He will take ten days' forage and rations . NThe assistant quartermaster will furnish the necessary trasportation.

By order of Maor Steen:

JAMES WHEELER, JR.,

Second Lieutenat, First Dragoons, Post Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 6, 1861.

First Lieutenant J. McALLISTER,

Commanding Benicia Arsenal, Cal.:

SIR: The commanding g enral wishes a lisot of the arms int eharsenal, the amount of powder and ammunition. He directs you to send 100 rounds of ball cartridges and twenty rounds of blank cartridges to Alcatraz Island for the carbines lately issued to the dragoon recruits. But if you have already furnished any ammunition for those arms you will reduce the present amount by the then supply.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

