HEADQUARTERS,Fort Dalles, Oreg., February 9, 1861.

Captain JOSEPH H. WHITTLESEY,

First Dragoons:

SIR; In additin to the requirements oft the order herewith,* you will co- operate with any troops sent form Fort Walla Walla on the same service, and if necessary communicate with the commanding officer at Fort Walla Walla and these headquarters by means of expresses. You will take every precaution to guard against surprise ort h loss of the proprty in your charge, and endeavor to accomplish the object for which you are dispatched, thoroughly and as speedily as practicable. The accompanying letter from Mr. C. M. Grover will make known to you where the depredations were committed and the prbable location of the Indian depredators. + After completing your search for the hostile Indians on the north side of the Columbia River, it will be well to cross the river anscout in the vicinity of the settlements on Willow and Butter Creeks before returning to this post. I understand that the Indian agent has applied to the commanding officer at Fort Walla Walla to send troops to the Umatilla country. The deparedators are said to be renegades from the Snake, Yakima, Cayuise, Columbia River, and Wallaa Walla Indians, who acknowledge no chief and claim the entire country as their own.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Major Fourth Infantry, Commanding Post.

Statement of Caleb M. Grover, in relation to Indian depredations.

On Friday morning, the 1st February, 1861, a party of about twenty Indians, well armed, made their appearance on Butter Creek and attempted to enter the house of a settler byt e name of Reeder, which was then occupied by Mrs. Reeder and her children, four or five in number. Mrs. Reeder bartricaded the door, and in spite of their threats and efforts prevented their entracne. The Indians then drove off the horses and mules of Reeder and Boggs, which were in the range near by. They then proceeded to the house of French and bBarnes. The Indians had divided their party. One party commen3rd driving off their horses. While French and Boggs went out to prevent this the other party enteredt the house and robbed it of two guns, one revolver, blankets, provisions, &amp;c., taking with them these articles, their horses, and at times threatening the settlers. The Indians thn appeared to have passed near the mountians to the head of Willow Creek, and made their appearance at a settlement on the waagon road from The Dalles to Walla Walla, on the second day following, the 3rd instant, and broke itnothe house of the undersigned and robbed it of one double- barreled gun, one rifle, one revolver, blankets, clothing, provisions, and about $300 in gold coin. This party was dicovered a short time after this Richmond attempted to approach them, but wwas prevented by their threats and presentation of gusn to him. The friendly Indian did approach them, and ascertained they had many American horses, some mules, a dn much stolen prperty. He forther says they are Indians

---------------

*See next, ante.

+See next, post.

---------------

