
that live on the Columbia River, near the foot of "Big Island. " The next day Richmod and another man tracked tehmt o the Columibia River and found they had crossed to the north side. The undersigned has been informed that the house of Mr. Jobe, on Umatilla, was robbed about this time. The undersigned says the robbing of his house is of is own knowledge, a ndthat the other statements made above are from reliable information, and he believes them to be true.

C. M. GROVER.

Samuel Johnson says he has just arrived from Walla Walal, and has heard the above statements from various persons along the route, and has seen and conversed with Mr. French, one of th parties above named, and that the statements of Mr. Grover are corroborated by them, and he believes them to be true.

SAMUEL JOHNSON,

By O. HUMASON.

FORT DALLES, OREG., February 9, 1861.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wah. Ter., February 10, 1861.

Major E. STEEN, U. S . Army,

First Regiment Dragons, Commanding Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter.:

MAJOR: A rumor has reached here that Indins have been committeing depredations on and in the neighborhood of Willow Creek. Colonel Wright desires you tosend a party of dragoons at once to the region of Willow Creek, as well as to the Umatilla Rservation, and if there be truth int herumor to cause a thorough scout to be made to apprehend the marauders, if possible. The colonel further directs that should any of the guilty be camptured, isnstant and summary punishment is to be had upon them, that their fate may be a warning to others.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Captain, Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

WARM SPRINGS INDIAN RESERVATION, OREGON,

February 12, 1861.

Major W. W. MACKALL,

Asst. Adjtu. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have th honor to report for the information of the genreal commanding that the forage furnished by the acting assistant quartermaster at Fort Dalles for the public animals under my charge at this reservatin will have been consumed on or about the 20th of March, and the supplies furnished by the subsistence department on the 1st of November last, and for dive months, will subsist my detachment until the 1st of April. Since the arrival of my commnd at this reservation on the 15th of October last no aggressions have been committed by Snake Indians, nor have I any certain knowledge that individuals or parties of Snakes have passed the limits of the reservation at all. The Indians of the reservtion have been free to hunt at great distances from the agency, without any sufficient cause for alarm. The difficulties attending the keeping of dragoons at this place are great. Its distance

