
from Fort Dalles is seventy miles, and the road is altogether impracticable for wagons. All short forage consumed here must be supplied fromt he vicinity of The Dalles and at a cost of 7 cents per pound. Long forage cannot be had at all as it cannot be trasported. There has been no grass at allin the vicinity of the agency during the winter, and consequently the dragoons' horses have subsited soley on the ration of barley. At the most favorable seasont he grass in this vicinity is very sparse, and ths is at once eaten off by the large herds of Indian horses. Owing to the fact that the Indians assembled on this reservatin are of several tribes, between which there exist jealousies and enmities, they have not bee able to protect themselves against repeated aggressions on the part of the Snakes. Especially has this been the case when a considerable portion of the youndg men have been absent at the Columbia River taking fish for their winter provision. I cannot believe but that the permanent absence of the Indian agent contributes much to make the Indians incapable of self defense; that if, instead of residing at The Dalles, he were here in the proper discharge of his duty, the Indians might be so disciplined as teo be able to protect themselves. The withdrawal of troops from the reservation would, I fear, produce unpleasant results. A detachment of twenty men is sufficient for the only purposes that can be accomplished by troops at all, to wit, to prevent the possiblility of the Snakes attacking the agency and to inspire the Indians with sufficient courage to pursue their ordinary avocations. These purposes culd as well be p[erformed by a detachment of troops of another arm as by dragoons. In the eventh of my command being withdrawn without being replaced by other troops, I would respectfully recommend that the several buildings erected by me be pla ed in charge of the Indian Departemnt, to be kept (unoccuopied by Indians) for the use of such troops as may here the reseervation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Second Lieutenant, First Dragoons, Commanding Detachment.
HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 15, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army Headquarters, New york:

SIR: I have th honor to acknowledge the receipt of yur letter of instructions of January 19, and in answer thereto transmit my order of this dae, showing that the post at the entrance will be occupied to- day. The companies from the north will be ordered by the first steamer.

I am, sir, very respectufully, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

Colonel Second Cavalry and Brevet Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.] SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 18. San Francisco, February 15, 1861.

1. In obedience to instructions from the General- in- Chief, Company I, Third Artilley, will take post at the fort at the entrance of this harbor. The commanding officer of the Third Artillery will see this order executed to- day.

2. Companies A and B, Third Regiment of Artillery, will be embarked on the steamer Oregon, at Fort Vancouver or Portland, and proceed to the harbor of San Francisco.

