
3. The depot quartermaster, Major Babbitt, will notify the commanding officer of Fort Vancouver the arrangements made by him for transportation, and the troops must be got in readiness to embark on the return trip of the steamer to this port.

By command of Brigadier- General Johnston:

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 15, 1861.

Captain J. F. GIMER,

Engineer in Charge of Fortifications, Fort Point, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: The geenral commanding has examined your instructions from the Secretary of War of January 14, viz: "That all operations of constructions uponthe works under your charge be at once discontinued and that no further liabilities be contracted," &amp;c. He has, howeverr, orders* of a subsequent date from the Geneal- in- Chief to occupy Fort Point with troops, and as this order confers of necessity the authority to do all suchacts as are necessary to render the occupation secure and the place inhabitable, he relieves you from the obligation of obeying the order of the Secretary to that extent and directs you, so far as you may be able, to execute the works he has pointed out.

I am, sir, veyry respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 17, 1861.

First Lieutenant J. McALLISTER,

Ordnance Corps, Commanding Benicia Arsenal:

SIR; Brigadier-General Johnston directs you to invoice to Captain J. Stewart, Third Artillery, commanding at Alcatraz Island, and turn over to th equartermaster without delay, 10,000 rifled muskets, model 1855, 10,000 sets of accoutements, 150,000 cartridges with elongated balls for the muskets sent under this order.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

N. B. - A supply of percussion caps proportioned to the supply of cartridges willalso be sent.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OFTHE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 17, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS SWORDS,

Deputy Quartemaster- General,

Deaprtment of the pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Ten thousand stands of muskets and as many sets of accounterments have been ordered, with 150,000 cartridges, bythe geenral from Benicia to Alcatraz Island. He wishes the m transported without delay.

---------------

*See Thomas to Johnston, January 19, p . 434.

---------------

