
He does not wish them kept at the wharf in this city during the night. If the Government brig can bring them down at once it appears to him the better plan. Please report the course taken, that I may order a suitable guard for the arms in trasitu.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant	 Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OFTHE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 18, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S . Army, Hdqrs. of the Army, New York:

SIR: I inclose a copy of a letter* from Captain Spencer, senior officer of Her Britanjnie Majesty's forces int he Sound, and of my answer. I am unwilling to permit any questions to arise now for discussion, and in my answer I have tried to close the correspondence begun by Colonel Wright.

I ahave th honor to be, sir, very resepctfdully, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

Colonel Second Cavlary and Brevet Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OFTHE ARMY,New york, March 18, 1861.

Respectfully submitted to the General- in- Chief. The reply of General Johnston to Captain Spencer has not been received at Army headquarters. +

H. L. SCOTT,

Lieutenant- Colonel and Aide- de- Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 18, 1861.

Captain J. D . S . SPENCER,

Senio Officer, Commanding Her Britannic Majesty's Ship Topaze,

Esquaimault, Vancuver Island;

SIR: Your letter of the 24th ultimo addressed to Colonel George Wright, headuqarters Department of Oregon, in relaqtion to the occupation of land as reserves for military purposes byt the officers in command, resepctively, of Her Britannic Majesty'[s troops and those of the united States on San Juan Island, has been sumbitted to me by Colonel Wright, whose late command has been merged intomine. To this I now have the honor to reply. I find all the pleasure you have derived and so kindly expressed from the very cordial and friendly feeiling whihc has existed between the troops of the two Governments during the joint occupation. I am most desirous that this cordil and friendly feeling may continue to the end, and seeing no reason toe suppose that eitehr officer has, or is disposed to occupy, more ground than, in his judgment, is required for the comfort and discipline of his comma, or to close moer to settlers than is required buy these interests, I think it bnetter that, as heretofore, each be left to consult the wants of his own

---------------

*See Spencer to Wright, January 24, p. 434.

+But see Johnston to Spencer, next, post.

---------------

