
service. Nevertheless, the proposition made by you in the third paragraph of your letter is so clearly equitable that I cannot hesitate to accept it, if more agreeable to you. I have therfore communicated it to Captain Pickett, and instructed him to enter into it, I called on by the officer commanding Her Britannic Majesty's troops.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

Colonel Second Cavalry and Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 18, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel C. S. MERCHANT,

Third Artillery, Commanding Presidion of San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Brigadier- General Johnston directs me to say that he wishes you to exercise a geenrl supervision over the fort at Fort Point, commaned by CVaptain Lendrum, Thrird Artillery. The following instructions will be given to that officer, ad enforced, viz: First. There must be, night and day, a t least two sentinels, one on the barbetter battery, and one at the gate. Second. When the gates are closed and opened it must be done under the supervision of the officer of the day, in whose charge the keys must always remain. Third. The postern gate must never be opened int the morning untilt he sentinel on the barbetter battery has examined the circuit of the work, nor main gate be opened until the grounds within musket range of the work has been examined by a patrol. Fourth. During th absence of the patrol the guard must reamin under arms. Fifth. The fastenings of the lower shutters to be examined by the officer of the day at retreat. Sixth. During the time employed by a part of the garrison in removing poiwder and stores from the outer stor- gouses the remainder of the garriosn must be under arms and propely sttioned. Seventh. no smoking will be allowed on the parade ground. Eighth. The maen will not be permitted to go on the barbette battery except on duty. Ninth. Proper orders will be given and supervision had to prevent the destruction of public peperty of the engineers. Tneth. Supply of cartridges to be prepared for the flank guns on land face and placed in service magazine. Eleventh. The main magazine must never be opened or entered except under the supervision of a commissinoned officer, and with all the precautions usual in such cases. Twelfth. Until all the guns are mounted for th defense of the ditch, loaded shells must be kept on the land face of the barbette over the main gate. Thirteenth. The gquartemaster must immediately prepare rough gun- racks. Fourtenth. He further directs that the regimental quartermaster be placed on duty at the fort until the place is put in order and reported for his orderz.

I am, sir, veryr esepctfully, our obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., Feburary 18, 1861.

Captain JAMES A. HRDIE,

3rd Arty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

CAPTAIN: I have th honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of February 10, direction g me to send a party of dragoons

