
to Willow Creek, and also to forward the accompanying reports for the information of the district commander. I and anticipated the colonel's order by detaching Major Grier up0on receiveing thfirst reliable information of the depredations, and sent Lieutenant Reno to the old fort in time to intercept a portion of those Indians driven up the river by Major Grier. Lieutnenat Reno executed his orders with an energy and zeal which hgives me the greatest satisafaction. I am sorry the major did not persevere a little longer, as he might have secured them all. The miners are flocking into the Nez Perce country daily. From the best information I can gain a large number of California miners are expected this spring. Trouble will be the result unless something is done to purchase the mineral land immediately fromth Indians. They are very much dissatisfied, and their only confidence now is in the troops, who they say have promised to protect them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

E. STEEN,

Major, First Dragoons, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OFTHE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 20, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS,

Asst. Adjt. G en., Army Headquarters, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: In obedience to th orders of the General- in- Chief received here on the h 15th instnat, Fort point was occupied by Captain Lendrum's company, Third Artillery, on the same day, and an order was immediatelyt ransmitted to the commander of Fort Vancouver to send Companies A and B, Third Artillery, from that post on the steamer Oregon to this place. These companies will constitute the regular garrison of Fort Point on their arrival. A few days before the receipt of your order Captain Gilmer, of the Engineer Corps, had instructions fromth e War Deaprtment to suspend operations at the fort, and had discharged the mechanics and laborers, leaving the quarters for the offiacers and soldiers in an unfinished state and a small portio of the defenses. To make the quarters habitable and to complete other unfinished work, involving but a small expenditure, I have found it ncessary, for these objects only, to suspend the Secretary of War's orders to Captain Gilmer, and have (see orders herwith*) insturcted him to go on and comoplete the quarters, &amp;c. I invoke the interest of the General- in- Chief to have a remittance made to Captain Gilmer. Tjhe appropriation for the fort is not exhauste, and, as heretofore reported, funds are int the sub- treasury in sthis city. The workmen now employed on credit will, if this is not done, soon suffer. The island of Alcatraz is garrisoned by Captain Stewart's company, Third Artillery, and fifty- two recruits, making a force of 120 men. The are provided with subsistence for ninety days, and everything necessary for defense. I have orddered 10,000 rifled muskets, accounterments and ammunition to be place in store on Alcatraz, and some haeavy guns to be sent to Fort Point. The guns fort h complete armanent of Fort point are insufficient, but all that have been furnished will be mounted as fast as it can be done. In ordering a small number ofte arms from the arsenal at Benicia, I have not been influenced by any appearance of a necessity for it, but because there is in doing it a manifestmilitary propriety. I beg leave teo say that Colonel Casey, commanding at Fort Steilacoom,

---------------

*See Mackall to Gilmer, February 15, p. 444.

---------------

