
reports a grat deficiency of men in the two ocmpanies under his command. His return for January shows the number to be eighty. It is earnestly desired that the companeis in tis deapartmen should be kept filled to the number alowed by law, and that the deficiencies be supplied as early int he spring for that purpose as practivable, to be ready for active opeartions should they become necessary . If authorized, great expense might be s aved to the Government and our ransk kept full by opening a recruiting rendezvous in this city.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

Colonel Second Cavalry and Brevet Brigadier- General.
HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 20, 1861.

Captain J. STEWART,

Third Aretillery, Commanding Alcatraz Island, Cal.:

SIR: Brigadier-General Johnston directs me to say that he expects and orders you to maintain your post and defend Alcatraz Island against all efforts to seize it, from whatever direction such efforts may be made. No interruption will be given to the commerce of the harbor by hailling boats passing in any direction, or at any distance, or even coming to the island, unless, in this last case, from the numbers and appearance of the persons on board an attack fromt hem may be feared, and then be the ansewere what it may, no gun must be fired; the sentinel or guard must report without delay. The only conditins on which you will be justifiable in using your arms will arise when an organized attack is made on your post, and of this fact you must be the sole judge, and are forbidden to delegate the authority to fire, or to order any party to be fired on, to any officer, non- commissioned officer, or sentinel.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 20, 1861.

Captain J. S . ELLIS,

Commanding California Guard, San Francisco, Cal.:

DEAR SIR: The fort at Fort Point having lately been turned over to the troops of the engineers, and many preparations being required on the part of the trtoops to put it in proper order the geenral is compelled to suspend the permission given by the Secretary of War to you to exercise your company therin until a more convenient season.

I am, sie, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-Geeral.
HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 20, 1861.

H. M. McGILL, Esq.,

Secretary of Washington Terrotory, Olympia, Wash. Ter. ;

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communiocation of the 3rd instant, transmitting the memorial of the legislative

