
assembly of Washington Terrotory, requesting that a company of U. S. troops may be stationed at Bellinghm Bay. I have a report from Colonel Casey of January 24 [25], in which he gives me the opinion of the three agents at Nisqually, Bellingham Bay, and Puyallup that an outbreak of the Indians in those districts is not apprehended, but as the inhabitants, and the assembly thinks, feel insecure, and the presence of a military force will no doubt reassure, I will, as soon as practicable, send a small force to that place.

I am, sir, veryr esepctfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

Colonel Second Cavalry and Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 22, 1861.

Captain G. E. PICKETT,

Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army,

Commanding on the Island of San Juan, Wash. Ter. ;

CAPTAIN: The inclosed extracts* from a correspondence between the geenral commanding and Captain Spencer are for your information, and if called on by the officer commanding the English troops on the island of San Juan to enter into the arrangemetn proposed by Captain Spencer, the general directs you to do so. He is pleased to learn froM Captain Spencer that betweent he forces occupying the island harmony prevails. He is anxious that this continue and, if possible to be avoided, no questions for discussion may be raised.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 26, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel C. S. MERCHANT,

Commanding Third Artillery and Fort at Fort point, Cal.:

COLONEL: Brigadier-General Johnston directs me tosay that as soona s you have within the fort a sufficient supply of shot and shell for all ocntingencies, such as then remains may be left outside, provided the piles are under the fire of the fort.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TREASURY DEPARTMENT, February 28, 1861.

Honorable J. HOLT,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have th honor to acknowledge the receipt of the letter of A. S . Johnston, brevet brigadier- geenral, at San Francisco, and referred by your department to me. + In reply I have to state that on all the

---------------

*Not found as inclosures, but see Spencer to Wright, January 24, and Johnston to Spencer, February 18, pp. 434, 445.

+See Johnston to Cooper, January 17, p. 433.

---------------

29R R- VOL L, PT I

