
requisitions for the military service on the Pacific the warrants have been issued and the remittances will be forwarded as soon as the U. S. Treasurer can issue the numerous drafts therefor.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Secretary of the Treasury.
HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 2, 1861.

EDWARD R. GEARY, Esq.,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, portland, Oreg.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter addressed to Colonel Wright, commanding the Military District of Oregon, requesting that thirty or forty rifles may be placed at your disposal for the use of the employes at the Fort Simcoe Agency. I have no authority under the law or regualtions to make any disposition of the public arms other than for th use of the troops, and I could not do so unless the ecigency oft the occasion was such as to furnish a full justification for acting without the sanction of either. In the case presented tehre seems to be no urency for immediate action, as you propose to provide the ars now as a precautionary measure. For these reasons I do not conceive it to be in my power to comoply with your request. By the act of the 3rd of March, 1825, the President, under certain restrictions, is authorized to have arms unsuitable for the military service sold. There may be rifles at Fort Vancouver ovf that description, in which case I do not doubt you would, on application to the War Deaprtment, be authorized to purchase for your department whatever number may be needed.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

Colonel Second Cavalry and Brevet Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 25. San Francisco, March 4, 1861.

Companies A and B, Third Artillery, will take post at the fort at Fort point. on their arrival Company I, Third Artillery, will resume its station at the Presidion.

By command of Brigadier-General Johnston:

W. W. MACKALL,Assistatn Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 5, 1861.

Major WILLIAM S. KETCHUM,

Fourth Infantry, Commanding Fort Dalles, Oreg.:

MAJOR: The superintendent of Indian affairs fears an attack by the Snake Indains on the Warm Springs Reservation, should Lieutenant Gregg; 's detachment be withdrawn. The colonel commanding the district directs that Lieutenant G4regg remain there until further orders, and that you supply him with subsistence to enable him to remain without delay.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Captain, Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

