HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 6, 1861.

Captain C. S. LOWELL,

Sixth Infantry, Commanding Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: The commanding general directs you to send Lieutenant Collins with a party of thirty men to the Eel River, or to the settlements on its tributaries, to give protection to the inhabitants and their property, both of which, it is reported to the general, have been attacked and in some instances destryed by the Indians. Direct him to chastise any party of Indians who may commit depredations and to report to you fully on the character of the country, the numbers and location of the inhabitants and their stock, the numbers and character of the Indians, and the best position for a post in that district, and the benefits to be expected from one; the roads and the faciliteis for building, &amp;c. This detachment will remain in the field until this report has been submitted to the general and his orders received.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Crook, Cal., March 7, 1861.

Major W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

MAJOR: Having received some rather indefinite rumors that the Hot Creek (that is the band generally dreaded by the people) Indians were collecting in numbers from 100 to 200 about McElroy's Bridge, which is on one of the roads to Red Bluff, I sent a detachment of men there with orders merely to show themselves, and also to ask the two men who live at the bridge if the Indians were there. These man said the Indians were doing no harm, nor were they apprehensive of any. I have received other reports that these Indians are on Pitt River, some twenty miles from this post, and have cattle in their camp. But as no one hereabouts has host any cattle, nor is there any direct complaint made against these Indians, I would hesitate to commence hostilities. The white inhabitants of this section are more than anxious to be at war with these Indians. For this reason the Indians are afraid to go into the valleys for roots and berries, so that I cannot imagine how they live, and must think they merit some consideration for not stealing. At present there is from 300 to 400 Indians in the immediate neighborhood of this post. No complaints are made against them. I think the route which will be generally traveled between Yreka and Red Rluff this season will be by what is called the Oak Run road, some ten or twelve miles diatant, and diverging from the old or Lockhart road. As my company is very small, it will hardly be practicable to keep detachments on both these routes or on the emigrant trail. None of these roads will be open for teams before the 1st or 15th of May. I would respectfully ask for instructions whether to give the protection of this garrison to the road most traveled, or to that one which will be taken by some of the teams, and which is probably the most dangerous. This latter is the Lockhart road. I suppose of course the emigrant road via Honey Lake, Fort Churchill, and so on, must be protected, but the emigration will not arrive to within seventy-five miles of this post

