
before July. It is very probable that the Indians-that is, the Hot Creek-will be troublesome.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN ADAMS,

Captain, First Dragoons, Commanding Post.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, March 11, 1861.

Brigadier General ALBERT S. JOHNSTON, U. S. Army,

Commanding Pacific Division:

SIR: I have received numerous petitions from citizens of the counties of Humboldt and Mendocino representing that the Coast Range from Mendocino to Humboldt and Trinity has been rendered valueless from the continued outrages of the Indians to the stock-growers of that region, and asking that they may have protection for their property. I have heretofore had occasion to make representations to the late General Clarke of depredations committed upon the property of citizens of California by hostile Indians, and it affords me pleasure to state that prompt measures were taken by that officer to redress the grievances complained of. It would seem that the citizens inhabiting the Coast Range from Mendocino to Humboldt and Trinity Counties feel justified in asking that a corps of volunteers should be called out by the State to effectually redress the great outrages committed by the Indians, and as I conceive it to be my plain duty to first ask if you can send a force sufficient to afford protection to the lives and property of our citizens in that region, and would be justified in calling for volunteers only in the event that you were unable to render the protection demanded, I trust that you will at your earliest convencience so inform me.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN G. DOWNEY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 12, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN G. DOWNEY,

Governor of Califronia, Sacramento, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your Excellency's letter of the 11th instant on the subject of the depredations of the Indians in the Coast Range, from Mendocino to Humboldt and Trinity, and asking if a sufficient force can be sent to afford protection to the lives and property of the citizens of that region. I beg leave to observe that three companies have been permanently stationed in that region for the protection of the population, viz, one at Humboldt, one at Camp Bragg, and another at Fort Gaston. Since the perpetration of the outrages complained of detachments have been sent out from Humboldt, embracing the whole company, to range as far as the scattered condition of the people will admit in front of the settlements for their protection and the chastisement of predatory Indians. A detachment tationed at Camp Bragg has been some time at the Round Valley Reservation, and I will to-day order the remainder of the company in two parties into the field, and also the company at Fort Gaston, divided in parties of suitable strenght, to commence ranging with the same object and with like instructions. This force of about 200 men will be kept actively employed as long as the circumstances may

