
make it necessary, and as it is not likely that these detachments will not be sufficiently strong to cope with any Indians they may meet with, it is hoped by me that the force will prove sufficient for the object. At this time there is no other force avilable, without withdrawing it from positions whose security at present would seem to demand its presence. In a short time, if the circumstances should then demand it, I hope to be able to send additional force.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

Colonel Second Cavalry and Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 12, 1861.

Second Lieutenant EDWARD DILLON,

Sixth Infantry, U. S. Army, Commanding Fort Bragg, Cal.:

SIR: The commanding general directs you to take the field with your detachment and proceed to the region of country between the Coast Range and the coast watered by the Eel River and tributaries. You will keep your command in motion and visit the settlements in that region, giving protection to the settlers and their stock, pursuing and attacking any parties of Indians who may commit depredations. A detachment from Humboldt has been ordered to the same district. On reaching the neighborhood put yourself in communication with the commanding officer, and you will then be able to concert your mvements and thus better attain the object had in view. If at any time you find that a force greater than your own is required you must unite your forces.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 16, 1861.

Captain JOHN ADAMS,

First Dragoons, U. S. Army, Commanding Fort Crook, Cal.:

SIR: Your letter of March 7 has been submitted to Brigadier-General Johnston. He replies, your company will be re-enforced in the early spring, and you must employ all the force at your command in giving such protection to the roads as may be practicable. The mode of doing this must be decided by yourself.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 34. San Francisco, March 20, 1861.

1. The detachment of Sappers and Miners under Lieutenants Casey and Alexander will proceed to West Point, N. Y.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Johnston:

W. W. MACKALL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

