
have produced and continue to cause great disquiet on this frontier. I beg leave to say that the four men against whom charges were forwarded by the last mail should be tried. This is the second time one of the men had deserted (Stapleton). there is no artillery at this post. If the general would have two 6-pounders sent here I could teach my men the artillery drill, and they might otherwise be useful.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. ARMISTEAD,

Brevet Major Sixth Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 21, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE WRIGHT,

Ninth Infantry, Commanding District of Oregon,

Headquarters Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

COLONEL: The general commanding has received the letter of Edward R. Geary, esq., superintendent of Indian affairs for Oregon, in relation to the necessity of troops on the Warm Springs Reservation. In answer to this letter, by you transmitted, he directs me to inclose a copy of his letter on the removal of the detachment of Lieutenant Gregg, and to say that he assumed that the detachment placed there by you was suficient, and was necessary, and should therefore be unchanged; but if you now think it ought to be re-enforced you are authorized so to do.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARMENT OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, March 1, 1861.

Second Lieutenant D. McM. GREGG,

First Dragoons, Commanding at Warm Springs Reservation, Oreg.:

SIR: Your letter of February 12 has been submitted to the commanding general. No change will be made for the present and he directs you to estimate for your supplies on The Dalles from time to time as you may need them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 22, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER:

DEAR GENERAL: Prepare to sail from New York the first of the next month to relieve Brevet Brigadier-General Johnston, in the command of the Pacific Department, say for a tour of sme years. The order to sail, &amp;c, will reach you ab the next mail, but remain unpublished till you are on the Pacific Ocean, for confidential reasons.

In haste, yours, truly,

WINFIELD SCOTT.

