
SACRAMENT, March 23, 1861.

General A. S. JOHNSTON, US. S. Army,

Commanding Pacific Division:

The undersigned respectfully represent that they have reliable information that for some considerable time past the Indians in the southern portion of Humboldt County have been engaged in hostilities against the white, and have killed many citizens of the State and destroyed property of immense value; that hostilities still exist, and the lives and property of our neighbors and friends are in continual jeopardy; that the whites in that section must be protected or they will be compelled to sacrifice their homes and property and leave one of the best portions of the State and yield it again to the possession of the savages. We would further represent that in our opinion a small force of volunteers, acting in conjunction with what regular troops you may be able to place in the field, would aid materially the success of a hostile expedition into that country. We would therefore request, if compaitble with your duty as an officer, and if in your power, that you would use the influence of your recommendation for the purpose of calling out a small volunteer force to act in conjunction with such force as you may deem fit to send to the hostile country. Ample evidence will be given you of the necessity of taking immediate action in this matter.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAS. T. RYAN,

J. P. HAYNES,

J. LOGAN,

[AND 10 OTHERS.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 25, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army Headquarters, New York:

COLONEL: In consequence of the frequent depredations by the Indians upon th eproperty of the inhabitants of the Coast Range in Mendocino, Humboldt, and Trinity Counties, not unfrequently accompanied by loss of life, I have concluded, for the purpose of better protection and to chastise the depredators, to distribute the companies stationed at Forts Gaston and Humboldt, and Camp Bragg, in detachments, to range along the frontier and keep as much of it as practicable under constant observation, and for the purpose of giving the most effect to their operations I have thought it expedient and proper to ask Governor Downey to authorize the enrollment of thirty volunteers for three months, viz, two sergeants, two corporals, and twenty-six men, asquainted with that mountainous country, and who I think can be attached to the different detachments as guides with decided advantage.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

Colonel Second Cavalry and Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 25, 1861.

John G. DOWNEY,

Governor of the State of California:

SIR: I have already acquainted you with my intention to post the companies at Forts Humboldt, Gaston, and Camp Bragg in detachments

