
along the frontier for the protection of the settlements, interposing them as far as practicable between the settlers and predatory Indians. The force so arranged I d not doubt will be sufficient for the purpose, if by the aid of guides it can be applied in the most effective manner. I have therefore to request that you will authorize the enrollment for three months of thirty volunteers in Humboldt or Mendocino, men who are well acquainted with the mountainous parts of the country, whom I will cause to be distributed among the several detachments to be employed as indicated above. I will accept the service of two sergeants, two corporals, and twenty-six privates, who will be mustered into service at Fort Humboldt as soon as they are enrolled and reach the rendezvous. They will, whilst in service, receive the pay and allowances provided by law for infantry soldiers.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

Colonel Second Cavalry and Brvet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 25, 1861.

Captain EDMUND UNDERWOOD,

Fourth Infantry, U. S. Army, Commanding Fort Gaston, Cal.:

SIR: Brigadier-General Johnston directs you to send two detachments, under non-commissioned officers, of eighteen men, to the region of the country between the Coast Range and the coast watered by the Eel River and tributaries and South Fork of the trinity. Direct these non-commissioned officers to keep their detachments in motion and give all the protection in their power to the inhabitants, their stock, and property against the predatory Indians. Should they find that any depredations have been committed, or should any be committed while they are in the country, they will endeavor to ascertain the party or parties, and then pursued them with the greatest activity, and when found, punish them with the utmost severity. These detachments will remain in the field until further orders, and should never remain in the same camp more than two or three days at a time. Should they come in the vicinity of the officers now in command of detachments in that region, they will report to them and combine their operations under their orders.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 41. San Francisco, March 28, 1861.

The headquarters of the First Regiment of Dragoons will be re-established at Fort Tejon. On the requisition of Lieutenant-Colonel Beall, commanding, the quartermaster's department will furnish transportation for the non-commissioned staff of the regiment.

By command of Brigadier-General Johnston:

W. W. MACKALL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

