
a special requisition could be hereafter made. With a view to economy and a regard to the movements of the expedition into the Bitter Root Mountains, I have thought it best to start from Fort Walla Walla with a wagon train with supplies for one-half of the period, eight months, thus establishing a depot at the Coeur d'Alene Mission, from which point the train could return to the month of the Palouse for the remaining eight months, to be there shipped at a date depending upon the freshet of the Snake River, which last supples would be thrown forward to the Bitter Root Valley to cover our winter's wants. The train thus empty would be then occuped in moving the party leisurely toward our winter camp as the work progressed. I would therefore respectfully make requisition for commissary supplies for the escort for a period of sixteen months with wagon transportation for eight months. The allowance of pork or bacon should not exceed one-third the meat ration, the remainder to be beef on the hoof. A judicious supply of antiscorbutics should be furnished. I would make requisition for clothing for twelve months, and would ask that two pairs of boots be allowed each man, in lieu of the same number of pairs of shoes, the snows of the mountains rendering this necessary, looking toward the comfort of the men, &amp;c. Twelve months' supply of medicines would be ample for the entire period of field work. A supply of ammunition sufficient to cover the ordinary allowance for target practice and the contingencies of the march through the Indian country should be had. I know not how we shall find the mood of the Indians, but I am confident that the elements of disturbance still exist to a certain extent with the Coeur d'Alenes, but I trust our wants for ammunition may be limited to target practice alone. It would be well, provided it be not inconsistent with the interests of the department, could one of the officers who accompany the expedition be detailed from Fort Vancouver or Fort Walla Walla who could act as commissary and quartermaster to the escort, and with whom I could confer in arranging and directing such details as the wants of our movements suggest before we move into the field. Walla Walla is quite a good outfitting point, but to provide against contingencies I shall mostly provide my civil party with its equipment from Portland, Oregon. I have not entered into the minutiae as regards the special wants of the escort in each particular department, they being such, however, as are needed with a body of troops moving into the Indian country with wagon-train transportation for a period of eight months. I would state that I leave for Oregon to-morrow, and shall without delay proceed to Fort Walla Walla, to there organize an expedition for the prosecution of the work on the road.

I am, sir, truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN MULLAN,

First Lieutenant, Second Arty., in charge of Military Road Expedition.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 9, 1861.

Colonel LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to tender the resignation of my commission in the Army of the United States, and to request that it may be submitted to the President for his action; and I have also respectfully

