
crossing that river (which will be high till the middle of May) with pack animals. This detachment being rationed only to the 1st of May, I have sent provisions to the camp above indicated, and upon the return of my pack train I shall proceed to execute the order contained in your letter of March 12. All the streams throughout the country in which I am directed to operate are still high, owing to the unusual quantity of snow now covering the mountains, and it will be impracticable to operate to advantage before the 1st of May.

Very respectfully, your most obedient,

EDWARD DILLON,

Second Lieutenant, Sixth Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., April 16, 1861.

Major W. W. MACKALL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: Superintendent Geary has just returned from the Nez Perce Reservation, where he has succeeded in making a very satisfactory arrngement with the Indians in reference to the mining region. The Nez Perces agree to yield to the miners the country north of Clear Water, and allow them the right of travel on the trail to the ferry near Red Wolf's Crossing of Snake River, the only stipulation of the Indians being that the remainder of their country shall be protected from the encroachments of the whites. This is but fair, seeing that they have been promised no compensation, and therefore, upon the request of Mr. Geary, who urges the necessity of the movement, I shall send Captain Smith's company to the reservation probably by the 22nd of the month. The distance is not greater than 100 miles, and the company can be recalled in a few days if their services are needed elsewhere. The horses will thrive on the rich bunch grass which abounds in that region, and, moreover, the presence of troops will give confidence to the Indians, who have always placed great reliance upon the military. I think that if Company H, First Dragoons, now at Fort Dalles, could be sent to re-enforce Captain Smith, that the presence of the squadron in that country during the summer would effectually prevent any disturbance. The Nez Perces have always been, and are now, disposed to yield a great deal and remain friendly, provided the Government shows a disposition to uphold them in their rights; but if this is not done I fear there will be trouble. I would beg leave to offer a suggestion with regard to the summner's operations on the emigrant road. The subjugation of the Snakes, so effectually as to bring them to sue for peace, would require a large and expensive force, perhaps ten or twelve companies, necessarily requiring a large number of citizen employes as packers, herders, guides, &amp;c., and the result would not be certain, as their country affords great facilities for cncealment and escape. The remaining squadron of dragoons, with a company of infantry from this post, would keep the Indians from their fisheries all summer and afford ample protection to whatever emigrants may come across; besides, the expense would be almost nothing. For a force of that size nearly all the packing and work could be done by soldiers.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. STEEN,

Major, First Dragoons, Commanding.

30 R R-VOL L, PT I

