SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 60. San Francisco, April 18, 1861.

* * * * * * *

3. Major William S. Ketchum, Fourth Infantry, is assigned to the command of Fort Townsend, Wash. Ter. Transportation for his horses will be furnished by the quartermamster's department.

4. Major George A. H. blake, First Dragoons, is assigned to the command of Fort Crook, Cal. Transportation for his horses will be furnished by the quartermaster's department.

By command of Brigadier-General Johnston:

W. W. MACKALL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 61. San Francisco, April 20, 1861.

The pontoons will be stored at Fort Point, and turned over to the chief engineer. The quartermaster will furnish the transportation.

By command of Brigadier-General Johnston:

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT GASTON, CAL., April 20, 1861.

Major W. W. MACKALL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding the department, that in consequence of Indian troubles existing in the vallley, on the 8th instant I sent for the head Indian chiefs of all the ranches in this valley and informed them that they must deliver up to me all the fire-arms in their possession, and I gave them four days to bring them to this post. On the day appointed several of the chiefs came to the post bringing a few rifles. Learning from an Indian who had had some considerable difficulty with some others of his race that there [were] more among the tribes, I dismissed the chiefs, informing them that I was aware they had more arms in their possession, and if they were not brought in at once I would send the men of my command over and take them. For several days the Indians came in, one or two at a time, bringing their arms, until I think I have them nearly all collected from these Indians that live in this valley. The excitement among the Indians has been great, and they seemed disposed not to surrender their guns without a struggle, inasmuch as these arms are their greatest wealth. Although I did not apprehend an attack from the Indians, I took the necessary precaution by issuing ammunition to my men and doubling my guards. I think that so long as a considerable force remains here there will be no trouble with the Hoopas for some time; but should the troops (or a large portion of them) be withdrawn from here I am apprehensive that the Indians may commit depredations upon the property of the whites. The white inhabitants of ths valley are much excited, and from their long acquaintance with the Hoopa INdians apprehend trouble. The citizens of the valley are at present engaged building a block-house, and I know if these troops be withdrawn the families will leave the valley

