
for the bay. After delivering up their arms the Indians living in two of the principal rancehes on the Trinity River left the valley, taking with them most of their arms, a supply of provisions, and all their movable goods. The whites feel insecure without the presence of a large military force, and many families speak of moving should the troops, or any considerable number of them, be ordered out of the valley. From all the information I can gain, there are at least 1,500 Indians living within a circle of ten miles fromthis valley, whilst the white population amounts only to about thirty men, of whom three have families. The principal chief is disposed to friendship. The last lot of arms brought in to me numbered some seven or eight. Some thirty Indians were with the old Mowhema at the time. The old man said he did not wish to fight, he was too old. He wanted to be buried. He tries to control the younger bucks, but I am sorry to say with but little success. I would communicate more fully upon the state of Indian affairs in this valley, but owing to my bad health I am hardly able to attend to the duties either of the bureau or field. For several days past I have hardly been able to leave my room. I am the only commissioned officer with this command, and there is no physician, either civil or military, residing nearer this post than Arcata, Humboldt Bay, about forty miles distant.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND UNDERWOOD,

Captain, Fourth Infantry, Commanding Post.

OFFICE SUPERINTENDENT OF INDIAN AFFAIRS,

Portland, Oreg., April 20, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

DEAR SIR: I inclose you herewith a copy of an agreement made with the Nez Perce Indians in regard to the occupation of a part of their reservation by the whites for mining purposes. The existence of extensive depoisits of gold in the Nez Perce country is now placed beyond conjecture. The men are already in their country, and daily accessions will soon swell the number to thousands. This is inevitable, and the agreement entered into with these Indians was the only measure left me for preserving the peace of the country and protecting this tribe, which has ever been so faithful to our Government, from the fearful evils arising from the presence among them of a mining population. Many of the chiefs seemed fully aware of the evils arising from the presence of the miners, and their strenuouns opposition to their presence was only overcome by assuring them that military force would be provided for the preservation of order to aid the agent in executing the intercourse laws, and prevent the aggression of the miners on the inhabited portion of their reservation. I have therefore earnestly to press the importance of having a proper military force without delay placed so as to protect the whole reservation from the intrusion of whisky traders, and from the beginning to aid the agent in enforcing the laws regulating trade and intercouse in the Indian country. I would regard dragoons as the most effecient class of troops for the service required, and am satisfied that a squadron could be maintained in the vicinity of these mines at an expense to the Government little greater than that required should they remain in garrison. There will be little difficulty in obtaining abundant supplies of

