
fuel, grass, and water. I trust, sir, the views I have hastily expressed will meet your concurrence, and that you will present to General Johnston, commanding this department, the urgent necessity of carrying the stipulations of the agreement into effect, and of ordering the military force stipulated for into the Nez Perce country at the earleist practicable moment. Permit me to say that severe illness, confining me to my room for several days, has prevented me from laying this subject before you at an earlier day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD R. GEARY,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 24, 1861.

Respectfully forwarded to the headquarters of the Department of the Pacific. It is recommended that the request of the superintendent of Indian affairs be complied with.

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

Articles of agreement made this 10th day of April, 1861, between Edward R. Geary, superintendent of Indian affairs for Oregon and Washington Territory, and A. J. Cain, agent for the Nez Perces in behalf of the United States, and the chiefs and head men of the Nez Perces in behalf of the said nation, said parties acting in accordance with authority vested in them by the second article of the treaty between the United States and the Nez Perces nation, of the 11th of June 1855.

1. That portion of the Nez Perce Reservation lying north of the Snake and Clear Water Rivers, the South Fork of Clear Water, and the trail from said South Fork by the Weipe Root Ground, across the Bitter Root Mountains, is hereby opened to the whites in common with the Indians for mining purposes; provided, however, that the root grounds and agricultural tracts in said districts shall in no case be taken or occupied by the whites, but shall remain for the exclusive use and benefit of the Indians.

2. No white persnon other than those in the service of the United States shato reside upon or occupy any portion of the Nez Perce Reservation south of the line above described without the consent of the superintendent, agent, and tribe, except that the right of way to the mining district north of the said described line may cross Snake River at any eligible point below the mouth of Clear Water.

3. The entire potion of the Nez Perce Reservation thus hereby opened to the whites for mining puposes shall in all respects be subject to the laws of the United States regulating trade and intercourse in the Indian country, and no person shall be permitted to trade therein without obtaining license and giving bond as provided by law.

4. It is furthermore agreed on the parto of the United States that a sufficient military force shall be placed on the reservation to preserve the quiet of the country and protect the Nez Perces in the rights secured to them by treaty and these articles of agreement.

