
officer for duty. Major Allen, assistant quartermaster, will furnish transportation.

By command of Brigadier-General Sumner:

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 66. San Francisco, April 26, 1861.

Companies G and M, Third Artillery, will be sent by the commander of the District of Oregon to this place.

By command of Brigadier-General Sumner:

W. W. MACKALL,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CALIFORNIA REGIMENT,

New York, April 27, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Acting on the inclosed, I have organized an infantry regiment substantially on the basis of the New York laws. I respectfully ask the Department to accept their services. Nothing can be more just to the sentiments of California and Oregon or do more to keep them loyal and patriotic. I have taken the liberty to inclose what I suppose to be such instructions and authority as the case requires.

Be pleased, sir, to remember that we have no executive officers through whom we can act, and I shall therefore require such authority as I suggest.

The men are pressing me every hour, and I shall soon make them efficient. I trust I need not say that I will use every precaution to limit the expense of equipment within reasonable military bounds. I hope you will see the importance of this measure in a political as well as military view.

Will you be pleased also to communicate a Yes or No by telegraph to my adress, Astor House?

With great respect, your obedient servant,

E. D. BAKER.

[Indorsement.]

I most cordially concur in raising the regiment suggested by Senator Baker, and I hope this patriotic movement will be authorized.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.] NEY YORK CITY, April 27, 1861.

Honorable E. D. BAKER,

New York:

SIR: A meeting of citizens of California and others, former residents of that State, was held in this city on the 21st instant. There were present between 200 and 300 persons, who comprised a large majority of those Californians now in New York and those who have lately been at Washington. The object of the meeting was to give expression to the feeling of confidence in our Administration, which animates us

