
equally with our brothers in the Atlantic States, and to devise a method in which we can most effectually strengthen the hands of Government and aid in crushing out the rebellion in our midst. We desired to also claim for California her proper share of the duty as well as honor of upholding and preserving the American fla and the integrity of the union of the States. It was there resolved to raise and offer to the Government a California regiment, to be composed as far as possible of persons at some time residents of California. It was also unanimously resolved that you be requested to accept the colonelcy of the regiment. Up to this time the organization has been vigorously pushed, and about 600 men have been enrolled and are now under drill by competent instructors, and we hope within the next forty-eight hours to be able to apprise you that the full complement of men is enrolled and ready to be mustered into service. As the chairman of our meeting, and istructed to acquaint you with their wishes, in their name, I beg you to accept the position named, and add your name and weight of character to our offering.

I have the honor to subscribe myself, your most obedient servant,

J. C. BIRDSEYE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 67. San Francisco, April 27, 1861.

1. Lieutenant Thomas L. Casey, engineers, is releived from duty with the Sappers and MIners, and will proceed to West Point, N. Y.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Sumner:

W. W. MACKALL,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, April 27, 1861.

Captain J. B. MOORE,

Commanding National Guard, California State Militia:

CAPTAIN: General Sumber acknowledges the receipt of the patriotic offer of the National Guard, California State Militia, to serve as a garrison at Fort Point. For this offer he begs you to accept for yourself and present to your company his thanks. Fortunately, the national troops are now sufficient to guard all the property of the United States on this coast, and he therefore respectfully declines the offer.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 28, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I arrived here on the 24th instant, and on the 25th releived General Johnston in the command of this department. My departure from Ney York was not known here till the night before my arrival. It gives me pleasure to state that the

