
command was turned over to me in good order. General Johnston had forwarded his resigntion before I arrived, but he continued to hold the command, and was carrying out the orders of the Government. I have determined to re-enforce immediately and strongly the forts in this harbor, and have ordered down three companies of artillery (including the battery) from Fort Vancouver. I have also taken the liberty to detain the dedatachment of twenty-nine Sappers and Miners. I trust the General-in-Chief will not disapprove of this. My intention is to put 400 men on Alcatraz Island, 150 at Fort Point, and place the battery at the depot at Benicia, in addition to the two infantry companies now there. These troops will all be supplied with six months' provisions, and additional arrangements will be made for water where it is necessary, so that they will be independent and secure for six months, and will hold the entire control of the entrance to the harbor. I think this disposition of the troops will not only secure the Government property, but will have the effect to foreclose at once all hopes on the part of the disaffected of their ever being able to precipitate matters here by seizing forts and arsenals.

There is a strong Union feeling with the majority of the people of this State, buth the secessionists are much the most active and zealous party, which gives them more influence than they ought to have from their numbers. I have no doubt but there is some deep scheming to draw California into the secession movement; in the first place as the "Republic of the Pacific," expecting afterward to induce her to join the Southern Confederacy. The troops now here will hold their positions and all the Government property, but if there should be a general uprising of the people, they could not, of course, put it down. I think the course of events at the East will control events here. So long as the General Government is sustained and holds the capital the secessionists can not carry this State out of the Union. I would respectfully say to the General-in-Chief that after my arrangements are completed-and they will be in two weeks-if he should think proper to authorize me to place Colonel Wright here in command of the department everything will be secure; and, if my services should be wanted elsewhere, I could be withdrawn form this department without detriment to the public service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FORT GASTON, CAL., April 28, 1861.

Major W. W. MACKALL, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with instructions received from your office, dated March 25, 1861, I have this day ordered a detachment, consisting of two non-commissioned officers and twenty-seven privates of Company B, Fourth Infantry, and eight volunteer guides, to proceed from this post to Pardee's old ranch via the South Fork of the Trinity River. From that place the sergeant commanding the detachment has instructions to marvh in any direction (keeping the general's letter of instructions in view) his guides may suggest I have also given him instructions that in case depredations are committed in the section of country through which he marches with his command to take prompt measures to pursue and capture the depredators; and if the fact of their guilt can be clearly ascertained to punish the whole

