
tribe, without the guilty ones are surrendered. The volunteer guides, one corporal and seven privates, did not reach this post until the 26th instant. Many of them were destitute of clothing, and in order to equip them for duty in the field I have been compelled to issue to them a small quantity of clothing. In consideration of the great excitement amongst Indians which has existed consequent upon the surrender of their arms (the fact was fully reported to department headquarters in my letter dated April 20, 1861), I did not consider myself justified in sending a larger force form this post at present, and I have now but thirty-four enlisted men left at this post. Considering the numerical strength of the Indians in this valley, to press any desirable result in case of an outbreak I would require my whole command.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. UNDERWOOD,

Captain, Fourth Infantry, Commanding Post.

P. S. - One the same day that the detachment left this post I forwarded a report of the same to Captain Lovell, Sixth Infantry, commanding Fort Humboldt, informing him that they had left. I also furnished the captain a copy of my letter of instructions to the sergeant in command of the detachment.

E. U.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 68. San Francisco, April 29, 1861.

1. Fort Mojave will be abandoned and the garrison and public property removed to Los Angeles.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Sumner:

W. W. MACKALL,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, April 29, 1861.

Captain W. S. HANCOCK,

Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR: I inclose you and order* for the abandonment of Fort Mojave, and now give the following directions from the general commanding, viz:

Send your train out as early as possible; send sufficiently in advance notification to the commanding officer, by express, of the time he may expect the train. Send also the inclosed copy of this order. Select an eligible encampment for the troops as near Los Angeles as possible. Make its relations to your present depot such as to secure perfect protection. If this be not possible in the present position of the depoat then select another having such relation to the encampment of the troops.

The commanding officer of the troops will be ordered to furnish you with such guards and escorts as you may require for your depot and train. If you are at any time of opinion that the train going to Tejon needs an escort, you will call on the commanding officer of Tejon, who will instructed to furnish them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See next, ante.

---------------

