
PACIFIC MAIL STEAMSHIP COMPANY,

New York, April 29, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

DEAR SIR: Owing to apprehensions which have been expressed that steamers of this company may be captured, with their mails, treasure, and freight, by privateersmen shipping as passengers, I respectfully request that you will direct the commanding officer in the Pacific to detail a guard of ten or fifteen men with an officer, either soldiers or marines, to each steamer sailing 1st, 11th, and 21st of each month from San Francisco, to aid in their protection. Such guard and officer will be carried and maintained on board said steamers at the expense of this company, and in case ith is required by the Government, the pay of men and officer will also be disbursed at the company's expense at Government rates. The importance and value of the Government mails carried by these steamers, as well as of the treasure, it is hoped, will lead to early and favorable response to this application.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALLAN McLANE,

President.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 30, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Army:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have bound in necessary to withdraw the troops from Fort Mojave and place them at Los Angeles. There is more danger of disaffection at this place than any other in the State. There are a number of influential men there who are decided secessionists, and if we should have any difficulty it will commence there. Fort Mojave is represented as an entirely useless post. There are no hostile Indians near it, and there is no traveling whatever on the road it was intended to protect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

NEW YORK, April 30, 1861.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Will you please send instructions to California per pony express for the steamers of this company to be furnished with a small guard of soldiers or marines to go on them between San Francisco and Panama? It will help to prevent their seizure from parties who may ship or travel for that purpose, and at the same time enable the captain to organize his crew properly for the repulsion of any enemy from outside.

ALLAN McLANE,

President.

FORT BRAGG, CAL., April 30, 1861.

Major W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that, having supplied the detachment now on Eel River with two months' provisions, I shall to-morrow

