HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 3, 1861.

Bvt. Major J. H. CARLETON,

Captain, First Dragoons, Fort Tejon, Cal.:

SIR: The commanding general directs you to establish a camp at the most eligible position in the immediate vicinity of Los Angeles, capable of fulfilling the conditions called for in the inclosed letter of instructions to Captain Hancock, assistant quartermaster. * The two companies from Fort Mojave will be included in your encampment and in your command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 4, 1861.

Honorable MONTGOMERY BLAIR,

Postmaster-General:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 2nd instant respecting the application made to this Department by the Pacific Mail Steamship Company for an order to detail a military guard to each of the mail steamships conveying the mails between San Francisco and Panama; and I beg leave to inform you, in reply, that believing it to be more convenient for the Navy Department to furnish marines for the purpose, and that they would be best adapted for the service, I have referred the application of the company to the Secretary of that Department, inviting his attention to the subject.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

SAN FRANCISCO, March [May] 4, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a communication to the President of the United States tendering my services to raise, organize, and command a brigade or regiment of volunteers in California to aid in garrisoning the posts and harbor of San Francisco and other assailable points on the coast of California, and I respectfully request that you will forward it with the accompanying letters. +

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. STEVENSON,

Late Colonel Commanding First Regiment New York Volunteers.

[Inclosure.] SAN FRANCISCO, May 4, 1861.

PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

SIR: During the war with Mexico I had the honor, under the authority of James K. Polk, at that time President of the United States, to raise, organize, and conduct to California the First Regiment of New

---------------

* See Mackall to Hancock, April 29, p. 473.

---------------

+ Not found as inclosures.

