
York Volunteers, who took possession of and garrisoned the interior posts and the coast of California from Sutter's Fort in the north to La Paz, Lower California, in the south. How faithfully I discharged the duties of that important trust the archieves of the War Department will prove. I have been a permanent resident of California ever since the disbanding of my regiment in October, A. D. 1848, and now beg leave to say that the same love of country which impelled me to leave my native home (New York) for distant service at that time under the flag of my country prompts me now most respectfully to tender my services to the Presidents, to raise, organize, and command a brigade or regiment of volunteers to aid in garrisoing the harbor of San Francisco and the other assailable points on the coast or elsewhere.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. STEVENSON,

Late Colonel Commanding First Regiment New York Volunteers.

ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Los Angeles, Cal., May 4, 1861.

Major W. W. MACKALL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Special Orders, Numbers 68, from headquarters Department of the Pacific, of April 29, 1861 and letter of instructions of same date, from same source. I shall attend to the matters referred to therein as promptly as possible. I will be able to send thirty wagons, and that number will, I think, be sufficient t bring in everything valuable. One of the trains is returning form Fort Mojave (it will be here in a few days); another is on the route to Fort Tejon, and will be here in about the same time. The half train will be here to-morrow. I will advise you in a few days as to the date the train may be expected to reach Fort Mojave, and as to other matters. No time shall be lost in bringing in the troops. In the meantime I believe if there is trouble here I will be able to defend the public property with the supporters of the Federal Government to be had on my call from among the citizens of Los Angeles. If there should be a difficulty in California it is likely that it will first show its head here, but I do not hink the matter is ripe yet for any serious movement. It will, I think, be deferred until a demand is made for direct taxes to support the Government, or for troops to actively assist in putting down insurrections, or possibly not until after they have mustered their forces at the next general election-say for Congressmen. There are people here anxious for a difficulty and there may be (I believe there are, although not yet formidable) organizations to that end. The people generally are scarcely prepared for strife, and there is a stong loyal element among them. On the other hand, there is quite a number of reckless people who have nothing to lose, who are ready for any change, and who are active in encouraging acts tending to hostilities, and I regret to say that it is unfortunate that, as a general rule, those persons who have heretofore been influential and active leaders in politics, and have exercised great control over the people, are encouraging difficulties here by open avowals of their opinions. It may as well be said in this connection that there is here belonging to the State a new bronze field piece and carriage (I think a 6-pounder gun), which in case of difficulty is not likely at first to be in the hands of persons supporting the Federal Government. I would respectfully suggest, therefore, that it might be wise

