
to send here a gun of equal or greater caliber. The moral effect would not be trifling in case of a difficulty, and the adverse party in possession of the other gun. A 12-pounder howitzer, it seems to me, would be the best (two might be better). The harness should be sent here also. I could furnish suitable mules. It mught be manned by a detachment of infantry or by a detachment of dragoons. The latter would be the best, for these people will be mounted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

SAN FRANCISCO, May 4, 1861.

Major G. A. H. BLAKE,

First Dragoons, Fort Tejon, Cal.:

SIR: Report at this place in person instantly for special duty. Answer.

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 6, 1861.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Your communication of the 25th ultimo reached me on the 29th, and your tlegraphic dispatch was received on the 2nd instant, being dated on the 26th ultimo, 2 p. m. The light battery and Companies G and M, Third Artillery, are now embarking on the steamer Cortez. The troops are under the command of Captain E. O. C. Ord, Third Artillery. I beg to call the attention of the general to the fact that but one small company is left at this post, numbering about fifty men all told. It will be recollected that this is a very important position at this moment, being the main depot from which all the troops in the district, excepting the small force on the waters of Puget Sound, are supplied. One company, even were it full, could not properly guard the public property, storehouses, and other buildings of this large post. We should have at least three companies. It is beleived that companies can be drawn form the posts east of the cascades without detriment to the service. As I have no authority to move troops, or, in fact, to give any orders in the district, with a singe exception, a remote cningency, I trust this subject may receive the early attention of the general commanding the department. I beg leave to ask the attention of the commanding general to Orders, Numbers 2, from the headquarters of the Department of the Pacific, dated January 17, 1861, which, taken in ocnnection with the communication addressed to me from the same headquarters on the 13th of February, 1861, which will show that the special powers delegated to the commander of this district, under the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 10, of November 22, 1860, from the headquarters of the Army, are very limited-in fact, practically the district commander is porwerless. The letter of February 13, above referred to, places even Major Babbitt, the depot staff officer at my headquarters, beyond my control.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.

