
is being painted here, and I think it will be paraded soon, possibly next Sunday, or some other day when the company, known here as the secession company, drills. I have taken all the precautions possible and that I think necessary, and I believe I can get all the assistance I require, until the troops arrive, from among the citizens to resist any open attack upon the public propot think they are ready for such and attempt). The leaders in politics among those who have sympathies antagonistic to the Government, and the principal citizens, do not wish to see force used (they are men of property), and oppose carrying matters to extremities; yet the open expression of their opinions has helped to inaugurate disaffection. Since it has been thought wise to send troops here, a sufficient number to have a strong moral effect should be sent, and it would be better that a show should be made at once, since it is known that it is to me made at all. It would be better, I think, even were it to be but a temporary matter, that the dragoons (with at least a piece of artillery) should be at hand. When once a revolution commences the masses of the native population will act, and they are worthy of a good deal of consideration. If they act it will be most likely against the Government.

I am, sir, very respectfully your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

LOS ANGELES, May 7, 1861.

Major W. W. MACKALL:

The "bear flag" was raised at El Monte, twelve miles distant, on the 4th instant. The escort was, say, forty horsemen. I have, I believe, reliable evidence that it will be raised here on sunday, the 12th instant-that is, that flag will be paraded through our streets under a strong escort. I do not then anticipate an assault; yet, to avoid insult to our flag, it might be well to have all the efficient dragoons from Fort Tejon at this point by Saturday next. Major Carleton is to leave to-morrow, and if his presence here be desired a dispatch can reach him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 8, 1861.

Colonel E. D. BAKER,

U. S. Senate, &amp;c., Washington, D. C.:

SIR: You are authorized to raise for the service of the United States a regiment of troops (infantry), with yourself as colonel, to be taken as a portion of any troops that may be called from the State of California by the United States, and to be known as the California Regiment. Orders will be issued to the mustering officer in New York to muster the same into the service as soon as presented. In case the proper Government officers are not prepared to furnish clothing for the men of your regiment at the time you find in necessary, you are auhorized to purchase for each man an outfit of clothing, provided the same is properly charged on the muster-rolls of your command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

