
of assistance in the protection of the navy-yard in case of necessity. I have too much faith in the strong Union feeling now existing in California to believe for one moment that an effort of the kind would be even attempted, though, should I have the least reason to suspect such an attempt, I shall avail myself promptly of his offer. I have forwarded your letter to the Honorable the Secretary of the Navy, and have directed Lieutenant Commanding F. Stanly to hand you this and confer with the general.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. McDOUGAL,

Commandant.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 10, 1861.

Captain D. McDOUGAL, U. S. Navy,

Commanding Mare Island Navy-Yard, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by Brigadier-General Sumner to say that, since my letter to you of yesterday, further reflection on the offer therein brings him to the ocnclusion that a company of foot artillery will worm a better force for the yard than the light battery, and he will, if the guard is wished by you, send the foot.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, May 10, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel B. L. BEALL,

First Dragoons, Commanding Fort Tejon, Cal.:

COLONEL: Carleton's company was ordered to Los Angeles. Has it gone?

W. W. MACKALL.

NAVY-YARD, Mare Island, May 11, 1861.

Major W. W. MACKALL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: Your letter of yesterday's date has been received. Lieutenant Commanding Stanly was the bearer of my reply to General Sumner's tender of the 9th instant. Nothing has transprired to alter my opinion expressed yesterday as to the necessity of a guard at the navy-yard. But as the general has superior mens of gaining information in relation to the movements of the day, I would be under many obligations to him if he would communicate anything which would, in his opinion, affect us at he island.

With many thanks for his offer of yesterday, I remain, very respectfuly, your most obedient servant,

D. McDOUGAL,

Commandant.

ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Los Angeles, Cal., May 11, 1861.

Major W. W. MACKALL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: On the 7th instant I wrote a dispatch to you, which was telegraphed on the 8th at 10 a. m. I transcribe it here. * I supposed

---------------

* See Hancock to Mackall, May 7, p. 480.

---------------

