
villages. This latter service could well be performed by the reservation Indians when the presence of a very small detachment of soldiers assures them of the safety of their families.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Second Lieutenant, First Dragoons, Commanding Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 80. San Francisco, May 13, 1861.

1. The following movements will take place to day, viz: Company G, Third Artillery, from Presidio to Fort Point; Company A, from Fort Point, and M, Third Artillery, from Presidio, to Alcatraz Island. The deputy quartemaster-general will make and notify to the commanding officers the necessary arrangements for transportation.

2. Hardie's company will proceed at once to Fort Point, and Andrews' to the wharf at Fort Point and embark with Burton's.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Sumner:

W. W. MACKALL,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, May 13, 1861.

Major ENOCH STEEN,

First Dragoons, Commanding Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter.:

MAJOR: Your communication of April 16 has been received, and the general commanding the department directs me to say in reply that he approves your compliance with the requisition of the superintendent of Indian affairs in detaching Captain Smith's company. The general also approves of your suggestions with reference to this summer's operations on the emigrant road, taking care, however, that your post is at all times properly garrisoned.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 13, 1861.

Captain W. S. HANCOCK,

Assistant Quartermaster, Los Angeles, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: Your letters of May 4 and 7 have been received, and I am instructed by the general commanding the department to inform you that the site selected by Major Carleton and yourself in the vicinity of Los Angeles, and the measures you have taken to facilitate the rapid concentration of troops at that point, are highly approved by him. He directs me to inform you that Colonel Beall has been this day telegraphed to turn over to Major Carleton two mountain howitzers, with the requisite amount of ammunition for the same.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

