HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 13, 1861.

Colonel G. WRIGHT,

Ninth Infty., Commanding Dist. of Oregon, Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the commanding general to inform you, in answer to your communication of the 6th instant, that the subjects discussed therein will be taken into consideration by him as soon as it is ascertained whether any change will take place in the command of this department. In the meantime you are requested to withdraw a company from any post lying east of the Cascades for the purpose of re-enforcing Fort Vancouver. Major Babbitt has been informed from these headquarters that he is subject to your orders.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., May 14, 1861.

PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES,

Washington:

DEAR SIR: On the first arrival of news of the commencement of hostilities, Colonel John D. Stevenson, of this city, expressed his desire to once more to offer his services in the maintenance of our cause and flag. He made his opinions heard and felt here and his determined loyalty, connected with his well-known and determined character, both as a citizen and a soldier, has done much to establish the present sound condition of our State. I know of no man, in this State or elsewhere, with whom I would sooner trust the honor of our country for prudence before or success in battle. he is an energetic, able, and brave man, and every inch of him the stuff of which not only soldiers byt leaders are made. If any position the same or similar to that which he seeks is to be conferred upon any ofour citizens on this coast, I earnestly recommend Colonel Stevenson for that place. He writes about service here, but he assures me that he is prepared to devote himself to the service anywhere.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. McDOUGALL.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 82. San Francisco, May 14, 1861.

1. Company I, Fourth Infantry (Brevet Major Haller's), now en route from Fort Mojave, will immediately proceed to and take post at San Diego.

2. Upon the arrival of Major Haller's company, Company F, Sixth Infantry (Brevet Major Armistead's), will proceed as soon as possible to Los Angeles and report to Major Carleton.

3. Bvt. Second Lieutenant James H. Wilson, Corps of Topographical Engineers, will immediately report to Captain George Thom for service connected with the construction of military roads.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Sumner:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

