
Indians within the limits of your supervision. The protection of the lives and property of the citizens is a duty which under no circumstances is to be relaxed, but when punishment of the Indians becomes necessary a discrimination must, as far as possible, be made between the innocent and guilty, and especially, under no circumstances, are the lives of women and children to be wantonly sacrificed. On the contrary, they are, as far as possible, to be screened from such treatment. Further than that he desires that you will endeavor to prevent collisions between the Indians and whites. Judicious precautions to prevent depredations by vigilance and influence over the Indians, prompt and just punishment when depredations are committed, so as to leave no ground for retaliation by the whites, together with the pacifying influence upon the latter, which by the judicious treatment you may frequently be able to exert, will go far to accomplishing the object in view.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 9. San Francisco, May 23, 1861.

The name of the quartermaster's brig Floyd is changed to the General Jesup.

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 88. San Francisco, May 23, 1861.

1. The several stations in this harbor, viz, Fort Point, Alcatraz Island, and the presidio will in future be independent of each other.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Sumner:

D. C. BUELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

TERRITORY OF WASHINGTON, EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Olympia, May 23, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit to you herewith a copy of a proclamation issued on the 10th instant for the enrollment and organization of the militia of this Territory. The number of public arms now on hand here is very small, and to meet any emergency I have respectfully and earnestly to request that you will direct as many of the arms at the various military posts within this Territory as can be spared, with a supply of ordinary musket, rifled musket, and howitzer ammunition, to be placed at one of the military posts, subject to the requisition of the governor.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. McGILL,

Acting Governor.

