
[Inclosure.]

PROCLAMATION.

By the Governor of Washington Territory.

Whereas, the President of the United States has issued his proclamation stating that the laws of the United States have been, and now are, opposed in several States by combinations too powerful to be suppressed in the ordinary way, and therefore calling for the militia of the several States:

Now, therefore, deeming it expedient that the militai of the Territory of Washington should be placed in readiness to meet any requisition from the President of the United States or the Governor of this Territory to aid in "maintaining the laws and integrity of the National Union," I do hereby call upon all the citizens of this Territory capable of bearing arms and liaable to militia duty, to report immediately to the adjutant-general of the Territory, and proceed at once to organize themselves into companies and elect their own officers in the manner prescribed by the act of January 26, 1855, and the amendatory act of February 4, 1858, to organize the militia.

The organization of each company will be immediately reported to Adjt. General Frank Matthias, at Seattle, wash. Ter., and through him to the Governor, when the commissions will issue to the officers elected.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the Territory to be affixed at Olympia, this 10th day of May, 1861, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-fifth.

[L. S.]

HENRY M. McGILL,

Acting Governor Washington Territory.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 89. San Francisco, May 24, 1861.

1. Captain Edward O. O. Ord's battery, now at Benicia, will take post at the Presidio, San Francisco. The horses under the charge of a sufficient number of men, commanded by an officer, will proceed by land, and the remainder of the company and property will be embarked on board the Government transport General Jesup on Tuesday.

2. On the arrival of the General Jesup with Captain Ord's battery, she will first be used to transfer Captain Lendrum's company (I), Third Artillery, from the Presidio to Alcatraz Island, where it will take post. She will then convey Captain Judd's company (L), Third Artillery, from the Presidio to Benicia to take the place of Captain Ord's company.

3. Captain Tredwell Moore, assistant quartermaster, will return to his station at Fort Churchill.

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

D. C. BUELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Fort Churchill, May 26, 1861 - 9 p. m.

Captain R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose herewith, for the information of the commanding general of the department, a telegraphic dispatch

