
received by me a few minutes since from Virginia City, a town in this Territory, twenty-five miles west from this post. What reliance can be placed upon it I cannot say. The persons whose names are subscribed to it are said to be reliable men. They ask for arms for their own defense, I suppose, but we have none to spare to send them. Whether the parties mentioned have any such designs upon this post as is surmised in the dispatch it is impossible to say. I shall take every necessary precaution to circumvent such design should a party have the temerity tomake a hostile attack upon this post. Should any additional information reach me upon this subject I will advise you by telegraph.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON,

Captain, Sixth Infantry, Commanding the Post.

[Inclosure.] VIRGINIA CITY, May 26, 1861.

Captain T. HENDRICKSON,

Fort Churchill:

DEAR SIR: We are confidently assured that the secessionists have completed an organization of over 100, under Dr. McMeans, but for what purpose we are not positively advised. The general impression is to seize the fort and get possession of the Territory. Judge Terry is expected soon. It is important that our people should be secretly organized and equipped, but we are destitute of arms. Can you furnish us any from the fort, and if so, how many and when, and how shall we obtain them? We shall write you by express. Please answer immediately.

By order of Committee of Safety:

JNO A. COLLINS,

A. W. PRAY,

Committee.

CONFIDENTIAL.] VIRGINIA CITY, NEV. TER.,

May 26, 1861.

Brigadier-General SUMNER:

DEAR SIR: I am instructed by the Committee of Safety of Nevada Territory to inform you that the secessionists have organized in this place under Dr. McMeans, ex-State treasurer of California. It is claimed by hm that he has 125 men. In other parts of the Territory great activity prevails among that class. Terry is expected soon. I am not able to speak positively of their designs. It is strongly believed by many from evidences which have come to their knowledge that they intend to seize Fort Churchill and take possession of the Territory. Two-thirds of our population are loyal and devotedly attached to the Federal Government, but they are mostly destitute of arms, and comparatively powerless to protect themselves against a well-armed and disciplined foe, though vastly superior in point of numbers. Captain Hendrickson, of Fort Churchill, telegraphs us that he has not a surplus of arms. it is the desire of the committee of safety to organize and equip our citizens, that we may be prepared to meet any emergency that may arise. Can you furnish the committee with 300 or 400 stand of arms or a smaller number even? The committee will bind itself to

