
is too weak to furnish the necessary guard for the protection of the public property and post and attend also to the care of its horses.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. C. BUCHANAN,

Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel, Major Fourth Infantry, Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 11. San Francisco, May 31, 1861.

Any vessel sailing under the secession flag, so called, which shall enter or attempt to enter any of the waters of the United States on this coast will immediately be captured by the troops stationed there. Any such vessel which shall fail to come to or surrender on being duly warned, or which shall attemptp to escape, will be fired into and sunk, if necessary.

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 93. San Francisco, May 31, 1861.

* * * * * * *

2. Colonel Wright, commanding the District of Oregon, will send to this city (if possible by the next steamer after the receipt of this order) that company of infantry which he can best dispense with. He will also send a second company, if in his opinion it can be spared from the district. These troops will receive orders for their further destination on their arrival here.

3. Fort Ter-Waw will be abandoned. Its garrison, with the movable property, will come to this city by the next steamer after the receipt of this order. The deputy quartermaster-general will give directions for the disposition of such quartermaster's property as it may be inexpedient to bring along.

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

D. C. BUELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT BRAGG, CAL., May 31, 1861.

Major D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit, by direction of Captain Lovell, a copy of a report made this day to him.

Very respectfully, your most obedient,

EDWARD DILLON,

Second Lieutenant, Sixth Infantry, Commanding Detachment in the Field.

[Inclosure.] FORT BRAGG, CAL., May 31, 1861.

Captain C. S. LOVELL,

Sixth Infantry, U. S. Army, Commanding Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that there are several parties of citizens now engaged in stealing or taking by force Indian children from

