
the district in which I have been ordered to operate against the Indians. I am reliably informed that as many as forty or fifty Indian children have been taken through Long Valley within the last few months and sold both in and out of the country. The parties, I am told, at least some of them, make no secret of it, but boldly assert that they will continue to do so and that the law cannot reach them. It is pretended, I believe, that the children are purchased from their parents, but all who know these Indians can fully appreciate the value of this assertion. It is needless to say that this brutal trade is calculated to produce retaliatory depredations on the part of the Indians and exasperate them to a high degree, as well as to interfere materially with our efforts to find and chastise those Indians that deserve punishment, for these men keep the Indians constantly on ehe alert, attacking and chasing them before us and following in our wake for the purpose of obtaining children.

Very respectfully, your most obedient,

EDWARD DILLON,

Second Lieutenant, Sixth Infantry, Commanding Detachment in the Field.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 1, 1861.

J. A. COLLINS, Esq.,

Virginia City, Nev. Ter.:

SIR: The general commanding the department has received your letter of the 26th ultimo, written by direction of the committee of safety, and requesting a supply of arms for the purpose of resisting any attempt to involve the Territory of Nevada in the cause of secession. He directs me to say that he cannot at this time issue arms in the manner you propose, but he will take precautions which will enable him to arm promptly a sufficient force of loyal citizens if the supposed danger should arise, or even become imminent. In the meantime a thorough organization into companies and battalions or regiments is a thing entirely practicable, and very important as a precaution against lawless acts, which the general still hopes will not be atoops at Fort Churchill will be able to resist any attempt that may be made on that post, and will be still further re-enforced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 1, 1861.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Fort Dalles, Oreg.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 30th ultimo in relation to the detention of Captain Black's company. I am instructed by the colonel commanding the district to say in reply that under the circumstances of the case you are authorized to detain Captain Black at The Dalles not later than Monday, the 10th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO S. MASON,

First Lieutenant, Third Artillery, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

