
stop the publication of strong Union sentiments, as it will be unsafe for me to continue them any longer, but I am not to [be] frightened at any intimidations or threats. I shall continue on in the way I have commenced, and keep a sharp lokout for any disturbance whicha may break out. We are, and have been, expecting a rising of the secessionists, notwithstanding the late Union demonstration at Los Angeles, and nothing but the presence of the U. S. troops prevents them from rising there. Secret meetings continue to be held all over this lower country, and secession and disunion is boldly avowed in our streets. Shooting continues to be order of the day, and drunken desperadoes and Southern cutthroats damn the Stars and Stripes and endeavor to create disturbances all of the time. We have a singular population, composed of Mormons, Mormon apostates, who are even worse, gamblers, English Jews, and the devil's own population to boot, while we only have about a dozen good respectable families right in town, who are at the mercy of these desperadoes; and the secessionists of the Monte are only waiting the withdrawal of the troops from Los Angeles before they commence operations. If a company of dragoons could be stationed here it would give a feeling of security to every honest citizen and friend of the Union in this vicinity. Provisions are cheaper here than in any other part of the country, and it is the key to all the passes leading to Arizona and Salt Lake, and if a rebellion should arise the troops stationed here would form a nucleus around which every patriot can rally. For information as to who I am and my character I would refer you to Honorable N. Greene Curtis, grand master of the Grand Lodge of Masons, J. L. English, Honorable John G. Downey, Governor of this State, and of every prominent man in Sacramento, of which county I was formerly surveyor, and for myself I can inform you that I am a near relative of Major Sherman, of the flying artillery, U. S. e seen service through the whole of the Mexican campaign.

With this information, hoping to receive an immediate reply, I remain your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. SHERMAN,

Editor of the Weekly Patriot.

P. S. - I will inform you from time to time whatever news I am able to gather, so that they may be of service to you.

Yours, truly,

E. A. S.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, June 4, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to communicate a copy of a letter of the 3rd instant, addressed to this Department by Mr. Thomas Sprague, late commercial agent of the United States, of La Paz, Lower California, relative to the supposed designs of the insurgents in this country to seize upon that province. * It is suggested that orders be given to the commander of the military forces of the United States on the Pacific with a view to prevent the execution of any such designs.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

---------------

* See May 3, p. 475.

---------------

32 R R-VOL L, PT I

