
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 12. San Francisco, June 4, 1861.

Commanding officers of posts will promptly report to this office the execution of General Orders, Numbers 13, of april 30, 1861, from the War Department, requiring officers of the Army "to take and subscribe anew the oath of allegiance to the United States of America. " Special mention will be made of any failure to comply with the requirements of the orders.

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 4, 1861.

Major D. C. BUELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I deem it my duty to invite the early attention of the general commanding the department to the defenseless condition of the posts and settlements on the Columbia River, as well as on the waters of Puget Sound. At this moment a single hostile steamer could enter the Columbia River and lay waste all the settlements to the Cascades, 150 miles, as well as the large and flourishing city of Portland, twelve miles up the Willamette River. Even this post and the ordnance depot are not prepared for defense against heavy guns. I am fully persuaded that no time should be lost; that a strong battery should be constructed without delay at the mouth of the Columbia on Cape Disappointment. Such a battery it is believed would effectually prevent any hostile ship from attempting to cross that dangerous bar. Point Defiance, twelve or fifteen miles north from Steilacoom, is a good position for a battery, and would guard the settlements on the sound above that point. Should any sudden danger threaten this coast, the presence of a naval force would be indispensably necessary for our protection. At this moment we are destitute of heavy guns, suitable for sea-coast defense. Some eight or nine months since I made a requisition on the War Department for 15,000 stand of small arms and equipments, as well as an ample supply of guns of heavy caliber. But my requisitions and warnings have remained unheeded. The sites which I have above recommended for planting batteries I had surveyed by an engineer officer last fall and reserved for fortifications. In and emergency it might be expedient to dismantle the Massachusetts. I believe she has eight heavy guns as her present armament. I would most respectfully invite the general to peruse my communication to the headquarters of the Army dated about the 20th of October last, in which was fully set forth the present condition, wants, and future prospects of the Department of Oregon.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, June 5, 1861.

Brigadier-General SUMNER, U. S. Army,

Commanding the Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: The General-in-Chief directs that you act in concert with the naval commander on the Pacific station in preventing, so far as your

