
means will permit, any plans the secessionists may attempt to execute for subjecting or annexing Lower California to the so-called Southern Confederacy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 96. San Francisco, June 5, 1861.

The ordnance men recently ordered from the Benicia Arsenal for temporary duty at Fort Point will be returned to the arsenal without delay.

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

D. C. BUELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

VIRGINIA CITY, June 5, 1861.

General SUMNER:

MY DEAR SIR: The Union men of this portion of our beloved country are very anxious to have aid from the United States representative on the Pacific coast, around which we can rally and protect this territory from the sympathizers of disunion. Cannot something be done for us? We are eleven-twelfths Union men, but we are without arms or organization, while the rebels have control of all the public or private arms here. Our hearts ache on beholding the vile secession flag floating in our midst, and we unable to destroy it. A single file of soldiers with a commander is all we want, provided they bring arms for us to use.

Yours, truly,

JOSEPH F. ATWILL.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., June 5, 1861 - 12 p. m.

Major DON CARLOS BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: A committee of gentlemen from Virginia City have just arrived and given positive information that a body of men numbering some 200 have organized themselves in favor of the Southern Confederacy. To-day they raised the rebel flag in that place, and say that they will put down any Union demonstration that the law-abiding citizens may attempt to get up. This gang of men is well armed and is composed of such men as have for some months did defiance to the laws of the Territory. One of their number, Doctor McMeans, late State treasurer of California, avows openly that he is acting under authority. It is also rumored that Judge Terry has th commission of Governor of the Territory from Jeff. Davis, and is only waiting the proper opportunity to act. What reliance may be placed in this rumor is hard to determine, but the fact of their open organization and the raising of a rebel flag would warrant us in believing that there must be some truth in the statement. The Union men in Virginia and its vicinity are much alarmed for fear of their lives and property. They are well organized, but have no arms, and desire that at least 200 may be furnished them for the preservation of the peace. There are now 200 enrolled and determined to carry out the laws of the United States if

