
they can only obtain arms. As they are from the Northern States and generally quiet citizens they are without even revolvers, which are unsually carried by the rowdies of this country. At Carson City there are some eighty odd stand of Minie muskets belonging to the State of California. These arms are now in charge of a Mr. Blackburn, who is looked upon with suspicion by Union men. They are also in such a position that a few resolute men could easily take them. It is feared that this may be done by persons in Carson who have kept themselves well posted on the secession movements. I would respectfully request that two companies be ordered here from California; also that 300 stand of arms with ammunition be sent as early as possible. I should also add that there is a rumor that the secessionists will attempt to surprise this post and secure the arms here. Inclosed you will find a letter from a man who seems to have some information. The writing has been recognized bylemen from Virginia City. He also says that he is a true man. The wire is down, or a summary of this would have been sent by telegraph.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. H. BLAKE,

Major, First Dragoons, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

MAY 25, 1861.

BRIGG, Esq.:

As an American citizen I deem it my duty to warn my countrymen and the lovers of this glorious Union and Constitution, that a company of 107 men have been formed here to help Jeff. Davis and crib, ant to take this Territory and declare it as seceded from the United States Government. Those men are enrolled by McMeans. Terry is to join them soon, and John Brown, the man-killer, is on his way here. Prompt action is needed. If not, we are all lost. It is the intention of the party to capture the fort, and take all the arms from it. They have spoken of Jack Haist, but could not learn anything about it. I am watching. They boast also of having eighty-three stand of arms in the hands of Blackburn, sheriff. Now, sir, be cautious. I am ready for action-five pounds bullets and one and a half pounds powder to fight for the Union, for the Constitution, and shoot any traitor I may meet: So help me God. Keep this to yourself and act accordingly. I will keep you posted.

[Indorsement.]

The writer's name is Charles Duval, who was afraid to attach his name. Mr. Duval is a truthful and very reliable man. He was approached by the McMeans party because he was a Southern man, a creole of Louisiana.

JNO A. COLLINS,

Corresponding Secretary Committee of Safety.

J. L. VAN BOKKELEN,

EPH. SMITH,

Committee.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 5, 1861.

HENRY M. McGILL, Esq.,

Actg. Governor, Territory of Washington, Olympia, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: The general commanding the department has received your communication of the 23rd ultimo, requesting that a supply of arms may

