
be placed at the disposal of the Governor for arming the militia of Washington Territory. The general directs me to say that under existing circumstances he would not be authorized to act as you propose, but that the arms are in readiness, and can be promptly furnished whenever an emergency arises rendering the issue necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Franciso, June 6, 1861.

IRA P. FRANKLIN, Esq.,

U. S. Collector, Sant Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: In a conversation yesterday with Doctor Rabe, U. S. marshal, he said you were thinking about chartering a small steamer as a revenue cutter until the revenue cutter belonging to the Government could be repaired. I do not wish to have or exercise any influence in your department, but I have no hesitation in saying that I think a cutter of some kind for use of the custom-house and the marshal is very necessary at this particular time. I would respectfully sugget that if you should determine to charter a vessel for the purpose, it would be well to report the fact immediately to Washington for the sanction of the proper authorities.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 6, 1861.

Major G. A. H. BLAKE,

First Dragoons, Commanding Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter.:

SIR: The general commanding the department proposes to increase the garrison of your post by one or two companie of infantry, and he directs that you at once make the necessary preparation for quartering them. If buildings are to be erected they must of the simplest character that will answer the purpose of temporary shelter; probably adobes will be the cheapest. Boards for flooring will be dispesend with, and shingle roofing also, unless it will cost very much less than heretofore at your post. The determination of this question must be referred to headquarters. All the labor must be performed by the troops.

very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Assistnt, Adjutant-General.

MESILLA, ARIZ. TER., June 6, 1861.

Dr. E. N. COVEY,

Late of the U. S. Army:

DEAR SIR: You will confer a great favor on the citizens of this Territory be representing to the department at Montgomery our exposed condition, with which you are perfectly familiar. we desire above all things a Territorial organization by the Confederate States of America, the subjugation of all the Indian tribes, and the administration of law

