
and justice. Should the Confederate Congress not deem it prudent to give us these, please ask that means be sent to this Territory to arm and equip one volunteer regiment to be kept ion active service against the marauding savanges. This would insure us peace with the Indians, would strengthem and perpetuate that sympathy with the South which now is unanimous. All this may be done without any conflict with the U. S. troops now here, unless it should be desired by the government of the Confederate States of America. You will also please represent that most, if not all, the officers who are not Republicans or Abolitionists in the U. S. Army will resign, and the vacancies will be filled by those who are opposed to the South, leaving in our midst directly opposed to the sentiments of the community, and between the marauding Indian and an opposition army without protection and laws, it is fair to conclude that ere twelve months, abolitionism will be preached among us without fear, and hence opposition and open confest for North and South. You will be able to explain this more fully, and by so doing will confer a lasting on the people of Arizona and render the Confederate States of America some service, too.

With best wishes and the hope that you may have an opportunity of vidicating our contry in redressing her wrongs, we are, your obedient servants,

SAML. J. JONES.

R. P. KELLEY.

JAS. A. LUCAS.

L. S. OWINGS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, C61.

His Excellency J. G. DOWNEY,

Governor of California, Sacramento, cal.:

SIR: I have been informed of the organization and partial armament of a body of men in Carson Valley for the purpose of overawing the Union portion of the population there, and involving the Territory in the cause of secession and opposition to the Federal authority. Apprehension has been expreseed of the seizure by these of certain arms at Carson City belonging to the State of California. I have therefore deemed it proper to take measures to secure them. The responsible agent will be furnished with the necessary receipts and the arms held subject to your orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS. HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 97. San Francisco, June 7, 1861.

1. Company G, Sixth Infantry, after being filled up by details from the other infantry companies at Benicia, will embark by steamer at 7 o'clock this afternoon for Sacramento, thence by railroad to Folsom, thence it will march to Fort Churchill with all convenient dispatch, and report to the commanding officer for duty. The company will go prepared for temporary and active service. If will take tan day's rations, fifty rounds of ammunition, and only the necessary camp baggage. The deputy quatermaster-general will have in readiness the necessary transportation for this movement.

