
people of that Territory in the cause of secession and opposition to the authority of the General Government. This information he deems sufficient to justify proceedings treason against certain leaders engaged in the movement. As yet the government recently provided by act of Congress for the Territory of Nevada has not been organized, and there is no authority at hand for the issuance of a writ for the arrest of the offenders. It has occurred to the general that having the appointment of the President as one of the justices of the Territory, you may under the circumstances feel yourself authorized to issue the writ. The general would desire, if practicable, that the arrest of these treasonable acts shall be effected through regular judicial proceedings, and if such means do no exist, then others must resorted to. He has directed me, therefore, to bring the subject to your attention along with some of the information on which the proceedings against the leading distrubers of the peace would be based, and he request that you will give him at the earliest possible moment your views in regard to your duty in the matter, and information as to the steps you may decide upon, so that he may be prepared to second you, or else take, himself, such steps as may seem necessary. The general directs me to suggest to you, with deference whether in case you should consider your authority adequate to such a step, and view of the absence of all the civil functionaries of the new Territory government, it would not be well for you to repair to the scene of threatened distruber the protection and support of the military commander, you may be able to act more advisedly and efficiently.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 7, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE WRIGHT,

Ninth Infty., Commanding Dist. of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: Under anticipated exigencies the general commanding the department deems it necessary to withdraw a portion of the troops in your district for the purpose of increasing the force in this portion of the department. The proper orders are inclosed herewith*. The general desires to leave entirely to your judgment the designation of the points from which these troops can best be spared. It is considered important, however, that they should be sent forward with the utmost dispatch without waiting for each other. If this unavoidable withdrawal of troops from your command should jeopardize its quiet, their place must probably in that emergency be supplied by volunteers, and on these points the general will be glad to have your views.

Very respectfully, your obedient sevant,

D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 8, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

SIR: In accordance with your suggestion of the 4th instant the commander of the forces on the Pacific Coast will be instructed to take

---------------

*See Special Orders, Numbers 97, p. 502.

---------------

