
measures to prevent the execution of any design that may be entertained by the insurgents of seizing Lower California.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 98. San Franciso, June 8, 1861.

* * * *

3. Captain Ord's bttery, Third Artillery, prepared for temporary and active service, will proceed at once by steamer to Sacramento, and thence march to Fort Churchill and report to the commanding officer. The deputy quatermaster-general will have the necessary transportation ready by Monday morning next. Captain Ord will send information to Major Blake of his approach in time to enable the latter to give him instructions at Carson City, if necessary, concerning his further movements.

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

D. C. BUELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

VIRGINIA, June 8, 1851-10. 30 a. m.

Major D. C. BUELL, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have taken fifty stand of arms in Carson and Sliver City. The Union men of this place have formed two companies. The oath is strong. Will I turn over the arms to them? The secession flag was to have been raised again to-day. My arrival put a stop to the movement. Will I take as prisoners those who refuse to turn over public arms?

T. MOORE,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

SAN FRANCISCO, June 8, 1861.

Captain T. MOORE,

Assistant Quartermaster, Virginia City, Nev. Ter.:

Issue the arms on receipt of responsible persons. Seize any public arms that are in store. Those who resist, disarm and make prisoners.

By order:

D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Franciso, June 8, 1861.

Colonel W. SEAWELL,

Sixth Infantry, Commanding Benicia Barracks, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department has been advised that the steamer Diana, now lying at Benicia, has recently been under consideration by certain persons with a view to fit her up with an armament to be employed, as is suspected, for unlawful purposes against the

