
Government or commerce of the country. He desires thah you will have this vessel under the special observation of some officer now at hand, and instantly report any suspicious movements about her.

Very respestfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, June 8, 1861.

Major G. A. H. BLAKE,

First Dragoons, Commanding For Churchill, Nev. Ter.:

A full company of infantry left Benecia yesterday for your post. More troops will follow.

By order:

D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARYSVILLE, June 8, 1861.

Major D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Your letter of yesterday has just been received, and in reply I have to say that after a very careful examination of the act of Congress organizing the Territory of Nevada I have come to the conclusion that I would not be authorized to act in the matter mentioned in you communication. The Governor has not arrived, the Territory has not been divided into judicial districts, adn thee is not a single territorial officer there. Until steps are taken for the organization of the territorial government I am of the opinion that I have no power to act in the premises.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GORDON N. MOTT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 10, 1861.

Colonel LORENZO THOMAS, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have found it necessary to withdraw from Oregon a considerable part of the force stationed there to re-enforce the troops in California and Nevada Territory. The troops withdraw are three companies of artillery, and will be nine of infantry. There is no secession element in Oregon and nothing to apprehend there but the possibility of some Indian distrubances, which seem to me of little consequence in comparison to preserving the integrity of the Union. As I reported on the 25the of April, I believe there is a large majority of Uniion men in this State, but they are supine from confidence, while there is an active and zealous party of secessionists who will make all the mischief they can. I have checked them in the southern part of this State by placing a strong command at Los Angeles, and they are now trying to organize in Nevada Territory, but I am moving re-enforcements rapidly to Fort Churchill, which will put down this movement. the leaders of this party claim to be acting by authority from the Montgomery government, which gives them

