
some weight in the country. In concentrating troops to meet these contingencies I have been obliged to break up the posts of Ter-Waw and Tejon, but they had ceased to be of any importance as military posts. I would respectfully and earnestly the great importance of organizing the civil government in Nevada Territory immediately. I believe if the Government and other officials had been there this difficulty would not have arisen. There is no law or government there at all, and the Territory is a place of refuge for disorganizers and other unruly spirits. I would remind the General-in-Chief that if he needs my service at the East I can make such arrangements that everything will be secure here. I would not say this unless I knew I could do it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 99. San Francisco, June 10, 1861.

1. The order for the movement of Captain Ord's battery to Fort Churchill is countermanded.

* * * *

7. Company D, Fourth Infantry, will take post temporarily at the Presidio.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

D. C. BUELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT CHURCHILL, June 10, 1861-10 a. m.

Major D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Moore has just returned, having accomplished his mission. The force now en route is all thatg will be required here. Captain Moore issued the arms taken by him to a company enrolled last night at Virginia. The arms called for in my order will be required. There are now 400 men formed and sworn to support the Federal Government at Virginia. Good security will be given for the arms and ammunition Letter will explain more fully to-morrow.

GEO. A. H. BLAKE,

Major, First Dragoons, Commanding.

(Received June 10, 1861.)

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER, U. S. Army,

Commanding the Department of California, &amp;c.:

The undersigned citizens of Siskiyou County, State of California, residing east of Yreka City, on the Indian frontier, in Butte Creek Valley and vicinity, would respectfully represent that we are exposed to the depredations of the tribes of Indians located east of us; that there is nothing to restrain these Indian from hostile incrusions since the company of U. S. troops stationed near the Kalamath Lakes last

