
year was ordered to Oregon. They further represent that these Indians, composed principally of the Modoc and Kalamath Lakes tribes, make frequent inroads into our settlements and plunder our cabins and drive off our stock, and keep us in constant apprehension and anxienty as to the safety of our lives. In consideration of these facts, and for the purpose of protecting us from the raids and robberies of these Indians, we earnestly and respectfully pray that you will have stationed at some suitable point on this frontier a sufficient military force (and respectfully suggest that one company of U. S. troops would be sufficient) to protect us from the above-mentioned dnagers until we become sufficiently numerous to protect ourselves.

JOHN B. ROHRER,

WM. RITHCIE,

JOSEPH BASEY,

[AND 24 OTHERS.]

[First indorsement.]

I would respectfully state that I am acquainted with the character of the Indians mentioned in this petition and the locality of the petitioners, and am satisfied that military force is necessary to protect them from the raids and dangers which they represent in this petition, and therefore respectfully add my name, asking that their preyer may be granted.

A. M. ROSBOROUGH,

County Judge of Siskiyou County, Cal.

{Second indorsement.]

Since this petition was circulated the Indians have ordered the citizens of Butte Valley to leave or they would rune off their stock. I think you would greatly subserve the interest of those citizens if you would send them a few troops for their protection.

R. M. MARTIN,

Major-General, Sixth Division California Militia.

FORT BRAGG, CAL., June 10, 1861.

Lieutenant J. P. MARTIN,

Seventh Infantry, Commanding Detachment in Field:

SIR: Inclosed find copies of all the instructions received by me and which will govern you*. Captain Lovell directs that any report of importance will be made through this command to the department headquarters and a copy sent to him. Keep two packers and seven or eight animals to pack provision for the scouting parties, and send the rest of the train back. Let those animals that you keep be mules. The indentical mules and EQUIPAGE that came with the volunteers must go back with them, when they go in to be mustered, but you will count those animals among the number above mentioned to be kept at your camp. Let me know when the train comes in what guantity (about) of pork you have on hand. Should you fail to see Lieutenant Collins as expected at the crossing of the East Fork of Eel River, you will have to take your volunteers into Humboldt by the 17th July. So arrange it as to let them be at Hyde's Run on the 4th, and yet lose as little time as possible. I cannot tell when I will get out.

Very respectfully, your most obedient,

EDWARD DILLON,

Second Lieutenant, Sixth Infantry, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found as inclosures.

---------------

