
vicinity. Inclosed you will find the report of his action and the success with which he carried out his instructions from these headquarters. Captain Moore reports that the rumor that the secession organization in Virginia did intend to surprise this post and secure the arms here had a foundtion in fact, and that the secession flag raised there on the 5th was undoubtedly to ascertain the strength of the secession feeling in the Territory. From all that can be learned I think that the force now en route for this post will be sufficient to preserve the Federal authority intact. I would, however, recommend that the arms called for in my letter of the 6th of june be forwarded, as the Union feeling is strong in and about Virginia, but infortunatley the law-abiding citizens are without arms and ammuniton. I received June 4 a letter from Mr. Buckey, superintendent of the Overland Mail Company. He reports the Indians as quiet and as evincing a disposition to remain so. They are very poor, having but little food, and are really in a most destitute condition. Up to the present time everything remains quiet in Virginia.

I am, sir, with great respect, yur obedient servant,

GEO. A. H. BLAKE,

Major, First Dragoons, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.] FORT CHURCHILL, NEV., June 10, 1861.

Major GEORGE A. H. BLAKE,

First Dragoons, Commanding:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with your instruction of June 7, 1861, I proceed to Carson, with the detachment of twenty dragoons under the command of Lieutenant Baker. On my arrival at that place I called upon Mr. John blackburn to turn over to me the public arms in his possession. Those he had in Carson were at once transferred to me, he at the same time giving an order on Captain Curtis and Mr. Shiririch, of Silver City, for twenty-one stand left in their charge for safe-keeping. While in Silver City I heard of a number of musktes supposed to be in the hands of different individuals. On examining the houses of these person none were to be found, and they all stated that the arms had been turned over to Benjamin F. Lippincott, who was the quatermaster of the command under Colonel Hays and who had authority to receipt for the arms of the command. At Silver City I learned that the secession flag was to be raised at 10 o'clock that day in Virginia City. Although my orders did not contemplate any resistance on the poart of the people of that demonstration adverse to the Federal authority would be made, I believed that the putting down of any movement of that nature would meet with your approbation.

On my arrival at Virginia everything was compartively quiet, although there was considerable excitement among the advocates of the Southern rebellion. Immediate examination of all buildings suspected of containing arms was made. The building on which the rebel flag was hoisted a few days since was found to contain no arms, and the proprietor assured me that the flag was hoisted more for a joke than with the intention of causing any exicetement. His statement, I believe, was intended for a blind, as I was subsequentely from the most reliable residents of the place that there was, beyond a doubt, and organization to subvert the authority of the Federal Government in this Territory and declar in favor of the Confederate States. That there are arms or near Virginia there can be no doubt, but the

