
organization has been so close in its operations that the responsibility can be placed on no one individual, nor can the Union men trace them to the haunts where they are probably secreted. Information aginst Captain Caperton of a nature sufficiently strong was presented as to warrant his apprehension. I was obliged to release him, as he brought witnesses to swear that the arms belonged to Captain Stover and the ones referred to had been turned in to the quartermaster of the command, Benjamin F. Lippincott. The arms secured by me were, by the direction of General Sumner, commanding department, turned over to a company enrolled in Virginia on the night of the 9th for the especial protection of the interests of the Union. Two companies were formed, of fifty men each, who, in addition to the oath club, were sworn to faithfyl obedience to the President and the laws of the Federal Government, to suppress rebellion, and to be ready at any moment to yield obedience to the President or other loyal authority under him for the preservation of the Union. Four hundred men are already enrolled. Of these one hundred are armed; the remainder, from the want of arms, are unable to place themselves in a state of such efficiency as they desire, but hope the general commanding will soon furnish the requisite arms and ammunition to enabe them to carry out the object of their organization. After having taken such precautionary measures for the conservation of peace as I thought best, I returned to this post. In conclusion, I would call your attention to the faithful and efficient manner in which Lieutenant baker and the men of his command carried out the orders given them under circumstances peculiarly embarrassing to an officer of the Army.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient sevant,

T. MOORE,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[Indorsemen.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 19, 1861.

The seizure of the arms as herein reported had the at once the action of the secessionists in Nevade Territory.

Respectfully forwarded to Army headquarters.

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DESTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 11, 1861.

Major D. C. BUELL,

Asst. Adjt. General Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: Special Orders, Numbers 93, of 31st ultimo, reached me yesterday. My orders transmitted to you by this mail will you of my action in the case*. The steamer is now at Portland, and will probably leave on her return trip to San Francisco to-morrow evening. It is not possible to send down either of the companies by this steamer, but they will both be in readiness to embark on the next. Captain Black with his company from Fort Dalles reached here last evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

