SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 9. Fort Vencouver, Wash. Ter., June 11, 1861.

I. Fort Cascades will be adandoned forthwith, and the public property of every description turned over to the proper departments at Fort Vancouver. Major Babbitt and Lieutenant Mason will send their agents to the Cascedes by the steamer to-morrow to received the quatermaster's and commissary property from Captain Wallen. Captain Wallen after turning over his pulic property will proceed with the greatest dispatch and embark his company on the steamer Cortez, now at Portland, and comply with his previous orders.

II. Company I, Ninth Infantry, under orders for Fort Walla Walla, will continue its march to Fort Dalles, descending the Columbia River by water. Company E, Ninth Infantry, under orders for Fort Dalles, will continue its march without delay to Fort Vancouver, where its commander will receive further orders.

III. Captain Dent, Ninth Infantry, with his company (B), under orders for Fort Cascades, will continue his march to Fort Hiskins and relieve Captain Agur, Fourth Infantry, in command of that post. Captain Augur will then proceed without delay with his company to Potland and embark on the first steamer for San Francisco, where he will report to the department commander.

IV. Fort Yamhill will be adandoned. Th chiefs of the staff departments at these headquarters will take immediate measures to receive and secure the public property. Captain Russell, Foruth Infantry, with his company (K) will move promptly to Portland, and embark on the first steamer for San Francisco, where he will report to the department commander.

V. Camp Pickett, on San Juan Island, and Fort Townsend will be abandoned and the publict property sent to Fort Steilacoom. Captain Pickett, with Company D, Ninth Infantry, and Captain Hunt, with Company C, Fourth Infantry, will embrak on the firsyt steamer for San Fransicso. Major Ketchum, Foruth Infantry, will proceed with this command, and on his arrival at San Francisco report to the department commander.

VI. Camp Chehalis will be abandoned. The public property that cannot be removed, together with the buildings, will be placed in charge of a responsible agent. The company at Camp Chehalis (A, Fourth Infantry), will then move promptly to the mouth of the Columbia River and embrak on theor San Francisco, where the commander will report to the department commander.

VII. The assistant quartermaster at Fort Steilcaoom will employ the Massachusetts in removing the pulic property from the posts abandoned on the sound, and place the buildings in charge of responsible agents.

VIII. The officers of the medical department at Fort Yamhill, Cascades, and Townsedn, and Camps Pickett and Chehalis, will accompnay their respective commands.

IX. The officers of the quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation to insure a prompt execution of the movements herein ordered.

By order of Colonel Wriht:

JNO S. MASON,First Lieutenant, Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

