
BENICIA ARSENAL, June 12, 1861.

Major D. C. BUELL, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

SIR: Please find below some information in reference to the arms and accounterments for issue to volunteers for the general commanding the department. We have on hand the following: 940 figled muskets, caliber . 58, directed to be issued to militia; 4,000 ltered arms, caliber . 69, with Maynard's primers, and about 4,000 sets of infantry acounterments. The above is the amount we have at the arsenal without counting the arms and counting the arms and accounterments at Alcatraz Island.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McALLISTER,

First Lieutenant of Ordance, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 12, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE WRIGHT,

Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army,

Commanding Dist. of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have submitted to the department commander your communication of the 4th instant relative to the defenseless condition of the coast he appreciates the importance of the subject, yet the urgent necessity for troops at other points with a view both to our Indian and internal relations, renders it impossible to adopt the meanse which you recommend for coast defense. He directs me to say also they if you should find the safety of the frontier settlements in your district against Indian hostilies will be seriously jeopardized by the withdrawal of as many companies as were called for in Special Orders, Numbers 97, of the 7th instant, you may diminish the number to four.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 13, 1861.

Captain CHARLES S. LOVELL,

Sixth Infantry, U. S. Army, Commanding Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: A report has been made to this office by Lieutenant Edward Dillon that parties of white men are engaged in stealing and carrying or selling into bondage the children of the Indians in the district in which he is operating. He states as a reliable report that as many as forty or fifty Indian children have been taken through Long Valley within the las four months and sold, both in and out the country. The department commander directs that you use all means in your power to prevent susch infamous practice.

Very respectfully, you obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

33 R R-VOL L, PT I

