
attached to the abandoned posts to accompany their respective commands. Yesterday I received the order for Surgeon Barnes to repair to New York, hence it becomes necessary to relieve him in his duties at Fort Vancouver, and further in view of the possible want of a medical officer to meet any contigencies which might arise in this quarter, I determined to retain Assistant Surgeons Brown and Ridgely, as you will perceive by my orders transmitted. The whole of the Fourth Infantry remaining in this district hving been ordered to San Francisco, I have deemed in proper to order Major Ketchum, of the regiment, to accompany the troops of his post. I did not deem it proper for me to interfere with the headquarters of the Fourth, it having been locted to Fort Dalles by orders from Army Headquarters. I would respectfully suggest that the general would take into consideration the propriety of the removal of the Foruth Infantry headquarters to the sourthern district of the department. The force in this district is so much reduced that an effective campaign against Indians on a scale of any magniture is out of the question. All that we can do is to afford general protection to the frontier settlements. It will be borne in mind that the Ninth Infantry has 2 officers and 100 picked men on the escort for Lieutenant Mullan's wagon-road expedition, and an officer with some thirty men as escort for the Boundary Commission, and that an officer with twenty men from the company of dragoons at Fort Dalles is at the Warm Springs Reservation. Although quiet at this momenet throughout the district, yet, prudentially, I would recommend that the district commander be authorized to muster into the service of the United Sates such number of troops as might be absolutely necessary. More than two years sinde, when Fort Simcoe was abandoned, and ordnance sergeant was left at that post in charge of the ordnance and quartermaster's property. He is still there, and possibly has a little public property on hand. I would recommend that the sergeant, with his property, be brought in to Fort Dalles and the sergeant then disposed of as the general may deem proper.

Very rspectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.

FORT CASCADES, WASH, TER., June 14, 1861.

Major D. C. BUELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have this day abandoned this post, by instructions received from th headquarters District of Oregon, dated Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 11, 1861. The public property was all duty turned over to the proper departments at Fort Vancouver. Inclosed is the post return to date.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. WALLEN,

Captain, Fourth Infantry, Commanding.

FORT WALLA WALLA, WASH. TER., June 14, 1861.

Colonel L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I would beg leave very respectfully to submit for the consideration of the Honorable Secretary of War a few facts in relation to this

