
South Pass is the most direct, and the one cut out by nature ofr coming to this county, and your can never regard this Fort Benton shceme as anything else than a grand political humburg, and it is time was stopped. I therefore most respoectfully and earnestly suggest that the expedition be broken up before any more money is wasted on it. The troops will return to their legitimate duties and where their services are really needed, and Lieutenant Mullan ordered to his company.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. STEEN,

Major, First Dragoons, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 11. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 15, 1861.

1. Captain J. J. Archer, Ninth Infantry, with his company (I), now under orders for Fort Dalles, will continue his march without delay to Fort Yamhill, Oreg., and assume command of that post.

* * * *

5. Company K, Ninth Infantry, now at Fort Colville, will move without delay to Fort Dalles, descending the Columbia River by water from Old Fort Walla Walla.

* * * *

By order of Colonel Wright:

JNO S. MASON,First Lieutenant Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEAADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 17, 1861.

Major D. C. BUELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: After making my orders on the 11th instant, I had and interview with Captain Rusell, of the Fourth Infantry, the commander of Fort Yamhill. The captain, who is a very reliable officer, has represented to me the great importance of the post of Yamhill, there being at this moment some 1,200 Indians on the reservation at that place. Under these circumstances, upon mature consideration of the subject, I determined to order Captain Archer, of the Ninth Infantry, under previous orders for Fort Dalles, to continue his march and take post at Yamhill. In order that no delay might occur in the movement of Captain Russell, I have sent a small detachment from this post to Yamhill. In order that no delay might occur in the movement of Captain Russell, I have sent a small detachment from this to Yamhill, to remain until the arrival of Captain Archer. I have also ordered Company K, Ninth Infantry, to move down from Fort Colville, and take post at Fort Dalles. With the present reduced force in the district I believe I have made the best distribution possible. Captains Wallen and Floyd-Jones, Fourth Infantry, with their companies, are now on the Cortez, and I expect Lieutenant Fleming, Ninth Infantry, with Company E, down this evening, to embark on the same ship.

Trusting that my order and the distribution I have made of the troops may meet the approval of the general, I am, sir, your very obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.

