
doubt, a considerable quantity of ammunition kept for sale in its stores and other inviting booty, I should not be surprised to hear of its being attacked by the Indians at any time. Captain Akey leaves to-morrow morning with his company to go in that direction. If the Klamath and Hoopa Indians remain quiet, and if the other Indians now making war upon us, after their fashion, should not band together in large numbers (which they have seldom or never done), three moe companies will be probably all I shall need; but as I believe this number to be indispensable to guard the inhabitants against more extensive eruptions and massacres, which there is now some reason to fear, as well as to secure the troops against any chance of repulse, I have the honor to request that a re-enforcement to this extent may be sent as early as practicable. One of the three companies now asked for is needed to furnish escorts and guard the communications between this post, Captain Douglas', on Redwood Creek, and Fort Gaston, this being, moreover, the only route of travel and trade between the bay and the northern mines, as also to Weaverville, since the direct trail tot hat place has been abandoned from fear of the Indians. Another company will be needed at Fort Humboldt as a garrison and to furnish the strong guards that will be necessary for the security of the Indian prisoners, as Captain Akey's company will be constantly engaged in scouting. A third company would be posted near Hyesville for the protection of that place and of the settlements around it, as well as of the communications with Mendocino and the Southern country. If a fourth company should be sent it would be very useful as a reserve, to be encamped, say, near Arcata, from which place it could readily be thrown to any point where more force might be needed; but if it is intended to obtain, by the operations against the Indians, any decisive results, a much larger re-enforcement would be necessary. To show this, it need only be observed that the region of country over which the present hostilities extend consists of some 2,000 square miles, three-fourths of which are covered with dense forests of timber and chaparral, almost impenetrable to white men, but excellent hiding places for the Indians, and that no great number of them can be expected to be found but by simultaneous scouting in numerous, though small, detachments over a large extent of country. Of the seven companies now in this district only four are available for operations in this county, for Captain Moore's, at Fort Bragg, cannot be taken away from Mendocino, Captain Johns', at Fort Gaston, is too small (forty-five men) to spare any for the field, besides being needed at Hoopa Valley, and Captain Stuart's, at Fort Ter-Waw, besides being inaccessible to us for the want of a practicable route, cannot safely be called away from that post so long as the intentions of the Klamath Indians remain in doubt. It being a matter of the greatest importance, I may be excused for again repeating my assurance that if the Indians now to be captured are sent to any reservation in this part of the State they will be sure to return again immediately to their present haunts, and the whole work will have to be done over again. Would it be impossible to obtain, by telegraph to Washington, authority from the Indian Bureau to send them to the Tejoin Reservation? On being ordered on the recent expedition, Captain Akey reported that he was short of ammunition; that he had sent his requisition (as he believes), but that it had not been answered. As the infantry cartridges do not fit the carbines, I was compelled to order the purchase of some gunpowder to enable him to have some made up

