
commanding positiion on our northern frontier, admirably adapted to afford general protection to the settlements on the waters of Puget Sound. Indeed, I believe that a strong garrison on San Juan Island, with the aid of small steamer, would afford ample protection for the whole sound, and that all other posts might be dispensed with. After a careful consideration of Captain Pickett's communication, and exercising the permission contained in yours, I have ordered the garrison at San Juan to remain there. I have also ordered the Massachusetts to proceed to the island and report to Captain Picektt, to remain there funtil further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Fitzgerald, near Los Angeles, Cal., June 22, 1861.

Major D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: Inclosed herewith you will find a telegraphic dispatch from Lieutenant Carr, First Dragoons, left in charge of the public stores at Fort Tejon, and having with him one corporal and one private. You will see my action in the case by my telegrahpic reply to Lieutenant Carr (in pencil), inclosed herewith.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. CARLETON,

Brevet Major, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] FORT TEJON, June 21, 1861.

Major CARLETON,

Commanding:

I want a sergeant and ten men here. The Indians are going to break out. The whites are giving them whisky and they charge around and make their theratsj publicly. We are unarmed and undefended.

M. T. CARR,

U. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] CAMP NEAR LOS ANGELES, June 21, 1861-9. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant CARR:

Sergeant Dalton and ten dragoons, with rations and forage for two days, forty rounds for Sharps carbines, and thirty-foru revolvers, have left to report to you at Fort Tejon. As soon as all the public stores are removed report with them here.

J. H. CARLETON,

Brevet Major, U. S. Army.

I think the Indians have been put up to his. No troops will ever return to Fort Tejon except no campaign to whale them. You can bet on it.

J. H. C.

