HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 22, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Ninth Infantry, Commanding District of Oregon:

SIR: Your orders and communication in pursuance of the orders for the movement of troops your district to this part of the department have been submitted to the department commander. The post on San Juan Island he regards as having a national importance, and he desires, therefore, that you will re-establish it at once under the command of a captain. With reference to calling volunteers ino service, the general will approve of such action on your part whenever an emergency shall render if absolutely necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Campt Fitzgerla, near Los Angeles, Cal., June 23, 1861.

Major D. C. BUELL, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: Util I heard a rumor that the general was negotiating for the Mission San Fernando as a post for this command I had intended to remove this camp to some position more open to the cool breezes coming from the ocean than the spot where it now is seems to be. I was induced to come here mainly for conveneniece to water, but I am disappoined in the ground, becoming easily pulverized into dust, and in its being a much hotter place than I art first suppsed it would be. If the troops are soon to move to Sane Frenando I will encounter the trouble of breaking up this camp to move into some other prior to that change. If not, then I shall order a board having the doctor upon it to select a site less hot and dusty than this, and having a view to salubrity, provided one can be found not too far removed from the depot in Los Angeles. If no an improper request, I beg to be informed as to the probablity of this command going to the Mission.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. CARLETON,

Brevet Major, U. S. Army, Commanding.

TERRITORY OF WASHINGTON, EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Olympia, June 24, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I notice in the public journals that by order from the headquarters of this military department the troops are being withdrawn from many of the posts in this Territory. While the executive and the citizens of Washington Territory can readily perceive the necessity, under existing circumstances, for concentrating the Government forces at certain points, I deem it to be my duty most respectfully to suggest to the general commanding the danger to which our northern frontier will be exposed upon the withdraw of the entire force from that quarter. For several years past the frontier settlements of Puget Sound have suffered from the periodicial incrusions of the northern

