
Indians from the British, and Russian Possessions. The isolated position of these settlements invites attacke from the fierce and treacherous savges of the North, and the only protection from their revages has been the presence of the U. S. troops on San Juan Island. I am informed that there are at present upward of 2,000 od Indians at Victoria and its vicinity, and large numbers are frequently seen in our waters. On the 3rd of February last I had the honor to forward to the late commander of the department a memorial of the Legislative Assembly of this Territory requesting that a company of troops might be stationed at Bellingham Bay to protect the sellters from the Indians in that vicinity. Should the entire force be withdrawn from San Juan Island our citizens entratain great and well-grounded fear of a descent by the savages on the unprocted settlements, and I have therefore most earnestly to urge that if possible a sufficient force may be continued on the island.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. McGILL,

Acting Governor.

GRESCENT CITY, June 24, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER,

Commanding Pacific Division, U. S. Army:

DEAR SIR: In accordance with instructions we hereith transmit to you a copy of the proceedings of a meeting of the citizens of this county, held this day. A petition to the same effect has been heretofore forwarded to you, but as yet we have had no response. Pardon our importunities upon this matter, for when we tell you that the Indians are at least twice as numerous as the whites in this county, and many of them well armed, and our lives, property, and all that we have is subject to destruction at any time, you will consider us more urgent than others would be under similar circumstances. Will you be kind enough to give us a response soon? If the Government can give us no protection, or nothing to defend ourselves with, we must make preparation at our own expense, as we do not desire a repetition of the scenes of 1855 and 1856. Hoping for a response,

We are, truly, yours,

J. P. HAYNES.

BEN. F. DORRIS.

[Inclosure.] CRESCENT CITY, June 24, 1861.

At a meeting of the citizens of Del Norte County, this day held at the court-house, in the town of Crescent City, pursuant to notice, the following preamble and resolutions were unanimously adopted, to wit:

Whereas by recent order the military force under the command of Lieutenant George Crook, stationed at Fort Ter-Waw, in this county, has been removed, as we learn, with the intention of an entire abandoment of said post; and whereas we believe that the presence of said force that neighboring county of Kalmath, and we consider their continued presence essential to the preservation of peace and the protection of the lives and property of our citizens; Therefore we, citizens of Del Norte County, do resolve-

First. That it is the first and highest duty of Govenment at all time to afford adeguate protection to the lives and property of its citizens.

