
Second. That we do most respectfully and earnestly prostest against the removal of said troops our midst, thereby exposing us to the perils of war with the numerous and treacherous race of savages by whom we are surrounded.

Third. That the commanding officer of the Pacific Division, U. S. Arny, be and is hereby requested to return said company and officers, or some instead thereof, to Fort Ter-Waw with as little delay as possible.

Fourth. If it be impracticable to return said company, or some other, as herein suggested, that we do hereby earnestly request the commanding officer to leave with us, under charge of such persons as he may designate, a sufficiency of arms and ammunition with which to defend ourselves in cause of danger.

Fifth. That the secretary be instructed to forward a copy of the proceedings of this meeting to Brigadier General E. V. Sumner, commanding Pacific Division, U. S. Army.

J. P. HAYNES,

Chairman.

BEN. F. DORRIS,

Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 25, 1861.

W. L. PARWIN, Esq.,

La Porte, Sierra County, Cal.:

SIR: Your communication of the 4th instant having been laid before the general commanding the department, he desires me to say that he fully apprciates the loyal spirit displayed in your actions and the patriotic feeling which prompts to the tender of your services and those of your fellow-citizens to the Government. There is at present no occassion for calling upon the State authorities for a volunteer force. Should the exigencies exist, however, he will not hesitate to call into requisition the citizen soldiery of this State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 27, 1861.

COMMANDING OFFICER U. S. ARMY IN UTAH TERRITORY:

Any subsistance stores in your department which have not already been disposed of you will keep for the use of troops that will be moved into Utah from California.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 27, 1861-9 a. m.

Major D. C. BUELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have this movement received your telegraphic diaptach of the 21st instant. You will preceive by my orders that I had already

