
accomplished the wishes of the general by retaining the garrison at Camp Pickett.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., June 28, 1861.

Bvt. Major JONES H. CARLETON,

Captain, First Regiment of Dragoons,

Commanding Camp Fitzgerald, Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR: Your letter of the 23rd instant having been sumitted to the general commanding the department, he instucts me to say in reply that the location and establishement of cmaps for your command is left optional with you. He desires, however, that in making these changes you should keep constantly in view the perfect security of the Government depot at Los Angeles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 28, 1861.

Major ALBEMARLE CADY,

Sixth Infantry, U. S. Army, Commanding Fort Yuma, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department has been informed that a rumor is prevalent in this community and the State generally that the so-called govenment of the Confederate States purpose sending from the State of Texas or elsewhere, throught certain States of the Mexican Republic, to this coast a military force, considerable in numbers, with the object of seizing upon and holding the port of Guaymas, in the Republic of Mexico. Whether this is merely an idle rumor or is really the purpose and intention of that people the general has no menas of judging, but from the unparalleled audicity which has charcterized the opertaions of those now in revolt against the authority of the General Government, it is well to be prepared for any movement which has for its object purposes similar to this, and for emergencies that may arise under it. The general commanding desires that you should keep him constantly informed of any indiciations on the part of this or occupy any part of the Mexico States on this coast, or any point within the limits of this military department. All information of a reliable charcter touching this subject will be promptly communicated. The general deems it scarcely necessary to remind one of your experience of the instruction reading public posts and property contained in General Orders, Numbers 6, current series, from these heaquarters.

Very respectfullcy, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

