
energetically to that object. This band of Indians has no connection with those against whom the troops have ben operating. I shall report more particularly in regard to all these matters. I shall waste no time on the route, but it will unavoidedly occupy somewhat more time than I anticipated-perhaps twenty days yet. The distance is considerable, and the land travel is tedious and sometimes difficult, being in part over a country without a trail.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Inspector.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, July 3, 1861.

Honorable JOHN G. HYATT,

Wahtcom, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: Your communication of June 18, transmitting for the consideration of the general commanding the department a copy of the memorial passed by the Legislature of Washington Territory requesting the re-occupancy of Fort Bellingham, in that Territory, has been received. The public difficulties existing the country at this time requires the temporary withdrawal of many of the companies formerly occupying posts in Washington Territory. Until they cease, or until every apprechension of transfer of the difficulties to this coast has passed, the general commanding will find it in his powed to grantily the wishes of your people. The immediate commander of that military district will give all possible security to the citizens its limits, and has already received discretionary power to call out the volunteers of Oregon and Washngton, should it be necessary, for the protection of the lives and property of the citizens.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP SUMNER, July 4, 1861.

Captain R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific:

CAPTAIN: There are many rumors in circulation about the movement of troops. If Camp Sumner is to be continued, and it is copatible with the public service, I shall be glad to be retained in command of the camp. This application is only made under the supposition that the major commanding may be sent upon other duty.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. WALLEN,

Captain, Foruth Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, July 5, 1861.

Bvt. Major JAMES H. CARLETON,

Captain, First Dragoons, U. S. Army,

Commanding Camp Fitzegerlad, Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department thinks it not impossible, in consequence of the withdrawal of the troops from Forts Tejon

