
and Mojave, that the Indians may be emblodened to make hostile incursions on the settlements near their reservations. To guard against this and at same time afford the necessary protection to the citizens in those localities, he desires, you, whenever you have reliable information of offenses having been committed, to send out a detachment from your command under discret commissioned officer, to gain information, and if required, to correct the Indians. Should the latter be necessary, it is the desire of the general that the Indians shall not be punished for alleged offenses, unless the evidence is of a character leaving no doubt of their gruit, and then only in portion to the offense comitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEQADQUARTERS,

Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., July 5, 1861.

Major D. C. BUELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding the department, that Shokup, the head chief and most influential man of the Shoshone tribe, from Ruby Valley, cameinto the garrison to-day on a visit. He represents his people peaceably disposed toward the withes, and that he will do all in his power to keep them so. He says his people are very poos, and much in want of provisions. The overland stage men say that this chief is a good friend of theirs, and peaceably disposed toward them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. H. BLAKE,

Major. First Dragoons, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, July 5, 1861.

Honorable HENRY M. McGILL,

Acitng Governor of Washington Territory, Olympia, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: The general commanding the department directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of June 24 in reference to the withdrawal of troops from Washington Territory, and desires me to say in reply that he does not contemplte the withdrawal of any portion of the force remaining within the limits of Washington Territory, and believes that under judicious of the commander of that military district this force will be sufficient to give the necessary protection to your citizens. Should it, however, be inadequate for this purpose, Colonel Wright has authority to accept the services of such volunteers force as may secure complete protection of life and property. The general desires me to say that the order withdrawing the company of infantry from San Juan Island has been, and that the arrangement of the General-in-Chief for the occupancy of the island will continue.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

34 R R-VOL L, PT I

