
He will not, however, exercise control over Lieutenant Martin's detachment until he hears from you, and you can best judge whether the detachment from your shall take part in service. If you should think it advise. Lieutenant Collins will be back in time to conduct it, as it will be best, perhaps, to allow a wekk or ten days to elpase, so as to allay the apprehensions of the Indians and find them together. The supposition is that at present they are scattered and on the alert in the country east of the coast hills oppositive Shelter Cove. In the meantime Lieutenant Martin will, at my suggetion, change his camp to some point within striking distance of their haunts, while Lieutenant Moore will prepare a command to move up the coast to operate from that quarter. I give you his information in order that you may adopt such course as your may think proper, and because of the length of time it will require for you to concert with Lieutenant Moore. The troops can, perhaps, move against the Indians to the best advantage in about ten days. Might it not be as well to the troops from Fort Bragg undertake the service alone? If they fail, the Indians will slacker their vigilance, and may then be more certainly reached by the detachment from your post. I only suggest the question to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Acting Inspector-General.

HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., July 10, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of June 5, and herewith inclose a copy of my letter to the senior naval officer at Panama on the subject embraced therein.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, Cal., July 10, 1861.

Commmodore J. B. MONTGOMERY, or

SENIOR NAVAL OFFICER, U. S. NAVY,

Panama:

COMMMODORE: I inclose a copy of a letter* I have recently received, and I take an early opportunity to say you that I shall be prepared at all times to act with you in perventing the secessionists from getting a foothold on this caost. I have heard a report that Colonel Van Dorn, of the Southern ARmy, was seen at the head of 1,300 men on the road between San Antonio and El Paso. I cannot say whether this report is reliable or not. I would respectfully suggest whether it would not be well to have one or two small cruising on the coast between this and Acapulco, for the protection of the liners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

---------------

*See Townsend to Sumner, June 5, p. 498.

---------------

