
told him that I should be prepared to act at all times. The revenue cutter Joe Lane has been ordered to San Diego, and I think with reference to this matter-the captain informs me that the guns he has are old and unserviceable, and he wants very much a 24-pounder-I would respectfully suggest whether it might not be well to lend him a gun of this kind if you have one to spare.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMNET OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, July 11, 1861.

IRA P. RANKIN, Esq.,

U. S. Collector, Port of San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I am inclined to think that it would just at this time to require all vessels entering or going out of the harbor to show their colors. If you think advisable, could you not give them this order through the pilots and tide waiter? As the matter now stands, vessels are constancly passing the forts without being known at all.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADWQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 18. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 11, 1861.

I. Captain T. C. English, Ninth Infanty, with his company (H) will proceed without delay to San Juan Island and relieve the garrison now at that place.

II. Captain G. E. Pickett, Ninth Infantry, on being relieved by Captain English, will move with his company to Fort Steilacoom and turn over his command and public property to Captain Woodruff. Captain Pickett will then be permitted to avail himself of the leave of absence granted in Special Orders, Numbers 118, current series, from department headquarters.

* * * *

By order of Colonel Wright:

JNO S. MASON,First Lieutenant Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

COMMANDANT'S OFFICE, NAVY-YARD,

Mare Island, July 12, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I am in receipt of your letter of the 11th instant, informing me of your order to act in concert with the Navy ijnpreventing the secessionists from getting a foothold in Lower California. I am at all times ready to co-operate with the Army inany way that the means we have will afford. But as self-preservations is the first law of nature I deem it more prudent to keep for our own defense the limited means we have; but, if you advise to the countrary, I will accede to you request. Inclosed I hand you copy a letter which I addressed to the

