
indicted. The general also wishes you to keep him advised of any movements having for their object either the invasion or seizing upon of any part of the States of the Republic of Mexico on this coast. You are expected to forward all reliable information you may receive for the information of the general commanding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 129. San Francisco, July 17, 1861.

I. Lieutenant Colonel George A. H. Blake, First Dragoons, will, in consequence of the disability of Colonel Beall, assume command of the regiment the headquarters of which are hereby transferred to Fort Churchill, N. T. The non-commissioned staff, band and regimental archives, will be forwarded without delay by water to San Francisco, and thence to Fort Churchill, by the usual route.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, July 18, 1861.

Bvt. Major JAMES H. CARLETON,

First Dragoons, U. S. Army,

Commandidng Camp Fitzgerland, Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR; The general commanding the department directs that you will proceed immediately to San Bernardino, in this State, and while there and in the vicinity make inquiry into the political complexion of that district of country. While you are expected to mke a close investigation into the sympathies and opinions of these people, the general nevertheless desires you to prevent as far as possible any suspicions as to the real object of your visit. The general desires you to report fully on the political feeling existing there, and whether in your opinion the Union sentiment would be strengthened by stationing two more companies of troops at that point, the troops to be frawn from Camp Sumner, near this place.

Very respectfully, your obedient sevant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - The general thinks it possible that Captain Sherman, of San Bernardino, may be able to give you reliable information.

R. C. D.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, July 18, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE A. H. BLAKE,

First Regiment of Dragoons, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter.:

SIR: The general commanding department desires you to inform him whether in your opinion it would be judicious to place at Fort Churchill

