
200 stand of arms for the purpose of arming in an emergency those citizens in Nevada Territory favorably disposed to our Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. FLAD-SHIP LANCASTER,

Harbor of Acapulco, July 19, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER,

Commanding the Pacific Mil. Div. of the United States,

San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: Your communication dated July 10 and inclosure has just been received. I scarcely need to assure you of my earnest desire and readiness to co-operate with you (to the extent of the means at my disposal) in conuteracting the supposed designs of secessionsts aganinst Lower California, and for all other object the honor and interests of our Government. I am now en route withc the Lancaster to Panama, where I shall meet dispatches from the Navy Department, possibly, instructing me in regard to future operations. In the meantiem I have directed the commanders of the steamers Wyoming and Narraganesett and sloop of war Cyane, detailed for service along the coasts of California and Mexico for the protection of mail steamers, &amp;c., to afford you all required aid and co-opertion in carrying out the views of the Government (within the limits of their assigned duties) along the coast and in the Gulf of California.

I have the honor to be, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MONTGOMERY,

Flag-Officer, Commanding Pacific Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Bragg, Cal., July 19, 1861.

Lieutenant J. P. MARTIN,

Seventh Infantry, Commanding Detachment in the Field,

Camp near Spruce Grove:

SIR: Your letter dated 14th July is received, also the one Captain Lovell wrote to you dated July 12. I have received no instruction as yet from department headquarters with regard to operating against the Indians, but expect by the mail (July 25) to receive instructions. I can only anticipate that of which are already advised and will be ready to act propmtly when authorized. Your move in locating your camp is a good one, and to reconnoiter without alarming the Indians is perhaps th most that can be done at present. When I start up the coast, which may be on the 24th instant, it will be with a very small party of men (nominally a hunting party) so as not to create alarm, so that when it is time to strike we can do it effectually. To punish the guilty and spare the innocent will be my object, and I would rather all would escape than to kill any women or children. Consequently, endeavor to ascertain the whereabouts of the Indians who were concerned in the recent murder of Oliver and Lewis, and if possible advise me upon my arrival at Shelter Cove.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORLANDO H. MOORE,

Lieutenant, Sixth Infantry, Commanding.

