
none to send him. The Indian that was killed had with him a U. S. minie rifle and plenty of balls. He was recognized as a Hoopa Indian by Captain Douglas' hospital steward (Brown), who had been stationed for a long time at Fort Gaston. I have directed Brown's affidavit to be taken and sent to me forthwith. No steamer having arrived, I have this morning sent my dispatch to Fort Ter-Waw by a special messenger, who expects to deliver it in three days.

On the 4th instant, at Table Bluff (a point in the bay within sight of this post), three or four Indians attacked the house of a settler, who escaped with his family though fired at, and plundered it. The same day Painter's ranch, a mile and a half off the trail, between Arcata and Fort Lyon, was attacked and burnt by a band of Indians in full view of our pack train, then on its way to Fort Lyon with an escort of two or three soldiers. On the arrival of the train Captain Heffernan immediately sent a detachment thither, of twenty-one men, under Lieutenant Hubbard, which has not yet been heard from.

April 8, 1 p. m. News has just arrived that our train with supplies for Captain Heffernan's post was this morning attacked by Indians about eight miles from Arcata. The packers were fired upon, and eight or ten of the mules are believed to be cut off. In my letter of the 1st instant I spoke of only three companies as being indispensable. It is now my duty to state that in my opinion as many more ought to be sent with the least possible delay as can well be spared. It is evident that escorts must be everywhere considerably strengthened, and detachments sent to guard, so far as possible, every exposed settlement. Acting Commissary of Subsistence Swasey reports that he has no supplies on hand for any additional force. There is no ammunition on hand beyond what is needed by the companies to which it has been issued. The great want is transportation. This want has caused all our delays so far (coupled with the state of the routes), and the more troops we have here the more it will be felt. No other conveyance than by mules is possible in this country. The rates of hiring them will increase in compound proportion to the increase of our need of them. Forty mules are urgently needed at the three new posts to transport the supplies of the scouting parties. Great delays will be caused as heretofore by seeking up owners of mules, making contracts with them, and then bringing the mules in to the point where needed. Celerity will be the first requisite in these operations against the Indians. I would suggest whether it would not be as economical to purchase at once a sufficient number, even if they have to be sold after the war is over at a sacrifice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Infantry California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.

Major R. S. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 5, 1865.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: For the information of the War Department, I have the honor to transmit herewith a report received from Colonel Francis J. Lippitt, Second Infantry California Volunteers, commanding the District

