
TERRITORY OF WASHINGTON, EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Olympia, July 20, 1861.

Colonel G. WRIGHT,

Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: Herewith I have the honor to transmit to you a copy of a corre spondence between this office and that of the supernitendent of Indian affairs relative to difficulties apprehended by the settlers in the vicinity of Gray's Harbor with the neighboring Indians. The superintendent recommends that a small detachment of troops be stationed at Fort Chehalis, and I have respectfully to urge that this may be done at as early a day as possible.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. McGILL,

Acting Governor.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] TERRITORY OF WASHINGTON, EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Olympia, July 20, 1861.

Honorable W. W. MILLER,

Superintendet of Indian Affairs, Olympia, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: Herewith I inclose a petition addressed to the Government of this Territory by citizens of Gray's Harbor and vicinity, asking that regular troops or militia be immediately ordered there for the protection of settlers from the neighboring Indians. I also inclose seven affidavits on the same subject. The petitioners and affiants state that in consequence of the withdrawal of the troops from Fort Chehalis the savages have assumed an attitude of hostility, and in some cases have caused the settlers to abandon their farms. Great fears are entertained of further violence. These papers are repspectfully referred for your opinion as to the necessity for affording the protection called for. Should you believe that such necessity exists I will, on being notified, immediately make the proper requistion upon the military authorities of this department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. NcGILL,

Acting Governor.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] OFFICE OF THE SUPERINTENDENT OF INDIAN AFFAIRS, Olympia, Wash. Ter., July 20, 1861.

Honorable H. M. McGILL,

Acting Goveronor, &amp;c., Olympia, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have to acknowledge receipt of your letter of this date, covering a petition for troops, with sundry affidavits from citizens near Gray's Harbor, concerning the contemplated danger to them from the Indians on the north side of the Chehalis. It is th desire and intention of this office to send an agent to visit these Indians at a very early day, and to carry into effect the treaty with such of them as have been treated with, which includes all the Indians on the coast except the Cherhalis bands. It is hoped that these arrangements may be the means of terminating all difficulties and dangers, both real and imaginary, but it would be advisable in the meantime ho have an armed detachment of,

