
say, ten or fifteen men from Fort Steilacoom, or Fort Vancouver, stationed at the old post, and I consequently recommed that number be sent thither.

I am, very respectfully,

W. W. MILLER,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, Washington Territory.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 24, 1861.

Respectfully referred to department headquarters.

I have removed all the stores from Fort Chehalis, as I did not believe there would be any absolute necessity for troops there for the present. I do not think that there is any real danger of Indian outbreaks, but to allay the apprehensions on that subject perhaps it might be as well to send ten or twelve men there for a while.

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., July 22, 1861.

Major DON CARLOS BEULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: Your communication of the 18th instant is received. In reply I would state for the information of the general commanding department that Captain Moore was present and organized one company in Virginia City, and that he exmined the records of the Union organization in Virginia City, Gold Hill, and Silver City, and is satisfied there are now in the Territory over 400 loyal citizens, organized as companies, who are anxious to obtain arms and ammunition for the purpose of aiding the civil authority in carrying out the laws and protecting the interests of the United States. I believe that arms could be placed in the hands of these men with the full assurance that the power thus given them would not be absued. I would also state that the arms will be secure, as they do not place them in an armory but carry them to their rooms, so that in case of an alarm they come forth ready armed without the necessity of rushing to an armory to equip. The arms could be issued to the Governor, and by him to such as he knows to be loyal, or placed in store at this post and issued on requisitions by him or the order of the general commanding department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. H. BLAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Dragoons, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, July 23, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: The colonel of ordnance has ordered 30,000 stand of arms, now in store on the Pacific, to be shipped to New York, as they are very

