
much needed here. The General-in-Chief directs that you give every facility for excuting this order as soon as practicable.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP FITZGERALD,Near Los Angeles, Cal., July 23, 1861.

Major D. C. BUELL, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: Inclosed please find the report of First Lieutenant Benjamin F. Davis, First Dragoons, on the Indian troubles which were said to exist at or near Fort Tejon, Cal. Lieutenant Davis' report confirms the impression I had as to the truth of the intelligence conveyed to me by telegraph and otherwise in relation to these troubles. The general may rely upon this-no troops are more ready than those of this command to protect the inhabitants when they are really menaced, and none, perhaps, more unwiling than those to be imposed upon by idle reports, having no foundation in fact, and which are gotten up to answer sinister ends.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. CARLETON,

Brevet Major, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] CAMP FITZGERLAD, Near Los Angeles, Cal., July 23, 1861.

Brevet Major CARLETON,

Commanding Camp Fitzgerald, near Los Angeles:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with your orders I left this camp on the morning of the 14th and proceeded to Fort Tejon for the purpose ascertaning the facts concerning certain reports made by the people of that vicinity that the Indians were committing depredations and threatening to make war upon them. I arrived at that place on the 18th, and made careful inquiries of Messrs. Alexander, Barbee, Halpin, and other residents of the canon. From their statements it appears that when the troops left the fort the Indians came about in considerable numbers to pick up odl rags, shoes, &amp;c., as is usual with them in such cases, and Lieutenant Carr, the officer left in charge, seems to have had some little difficulty in getting rid of them. A few days afterward two or three of these Indians got drunk at the "Yews", and on otheir way home attempted to throw a lariat over the head of a man whom they met coming up the canon in buggy. They also tried to break into the house of a Mrs. Welt, who lives below the fort, but she easily firghtened them off by firing a pistol our of the window. This seems to have been the extent of their depredations, and since that time they have been quiet and fiendly. The apprehension that the people are under from the Indians may be judged of by the fact that most every family has them employed either as house severants or laborers, and they are well aware that it is in their power to prevent all trouble in future by simply prohibiting the sale of liquor by any nember of the community. I then proceeded to the settlements on the slough or South Fork of Kern River to inquire into the threatened depredations in that quarter. The story that these people

