
tell is that an Indian boy told a Mrs. Cottrell or Cotting that the Indians from the resevation were coming down when the corn got ripe to eat it up, and were then going to kill all the whites. This woman lives near he father, and old man named Bonny, who has also another daughter, Mrs. Grennils, who liver eight or ten miles down the slough. The old man becoming alarmed sent for this daughter, which caused the panic to spread to two or three other families in the neighbrhood. They collected at his house and remained together three or four days, when, thair fears having subsisted, they returned to their homes. According to their own showing this is the only foundation for the reports which they cicrulated and the petition which they signed praying for protection. It is possible that some idle Indian boy may have amused himself by playing upon the fears of the woman, but I believe the whole story to be a fabrication. Mr. Gale, and old mountaineer, who lives whitin a mile of Mr. Bonny, says he heard nothing of the matter until the people had returned to their homes, and James McKenzie, who lives near Greenlis, makes the same statement. I returned by the way of the reservation and had an interview with Mr. Bagchart, the newly appointed agent. He says that these reports about the Indians are false; that they are contented with their condition, and that he is well satified with their conduct. He also stated that he wanted no troops for protection against Indians. In this connection I would respectfullly refer the general to the report which this genetlemen has recently made to the Superintendent of Indian Affairs on this very point. The truth is that the people in the vicinity of Fort Tejon have lived so long upon Government patronage that they now find if difficult to do without it, and they will use every means to have troops restationed at that place.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. DAVIS,

First Lieutenant, &amp;c.

WAR DEPARTM61.

GOVERNOR OF CALIFORNIA:

The War Department accepts for three years one regiment of infantry and five companies cavalry to guard the Overland Mail Route from Carson Valley to Salt Lake and Fort Lawrence. Colonel Waite will be put in command of department at Salt Lake City. General Sumner will detail mustering officer to muster in the men.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 24, 1861.

Brigadier-General SUMNER,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

One regiment of infantry and five companies of cavalry have been accepted from California to aid in protecting Overland Mail Route via Salt Lake. Please detail officers to muster these troops into service. Blanks will be sent by steamer.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

