
CAMP PICKETT,

San Juan Island, Wash. Ter., July 24, 1861.

Lieutenant JOHN S. MASON, U. S. Army,

Third Artillery, Actg. Asst. General, Hdqrs. Dist. of Oregon:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 18, dated headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 15, 1861, I have arrived at this post with my company.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. ENGLISH,

Captain, Ninth Infantry.

WASHINGTON, July 25, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The bearer of this, Colonel J. D. Williamson, of New York, and formerly a resident of Oregon, informs me that he has raised a regiment of riflemen composed principally of citizens from that State. I trust that it will be convenient for you to receive them at once as a part of the quota from Oregon. Colonel Wiliamson bears the highest testimonils from some of the most distinguished citizens of New York.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servnat,

J. W. NESMITH.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 26, 1861.

Colonel J. D. WILLIAMSON,

Numbers 43 Courtland St., New York City:

SIR: The regiment of infntry which you offerr is accepted for three years or the war, provided you have it ready for marching orders in thirty days. This acceptance is with the distinct undestanding that this Department will revoke the commissins of all officers who may be found incompletent for the proper discharge of their duties. When you have 500 men ready the Adjutant-General will issue orders to muster. You will promptly advise Adjutant-General, headquarters at Washington, the date at which you men will be rady for mustering and he will detail and officer for that purpose.

By order of the Secretary of Wae:

JAMES LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk, War Department.

FORT STEILACOOM, WASH. TER., July 26, 1861.

First Lieutenant J. S. MASON,

Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjdutant-General,

Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers [18], headquarters District of Oregon, Captain T. C. English with his company (H, Ninth Infantry), on the 24th instant relieved my company (B) as the garrison of Camp Pickett, San Juan Island, and I at the same time turned over the command of the post to him. I arrived

