
here this morning on the Massachusetts, and have turned over to Captain Woodruff, Ninth Infantry, commanding this post, my company and company property in compliance with above-mentioned order.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

G. E. PICKETT,

Captain, Ninth Infantry.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 26, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

Direct your quartermaster and commissary to prepare in advance the stores necessary for the regiment of infantry and five companies of cavalry accepted from California. Suggest to the Govenor of California the propriety of making Major Carleton the colonel of the infantry regiment. Colonel Waite is prevented by ill health from accepting the command. It is desired that Major Calreton be placed in command. If any one else made colonel of the infantry regiment, he will be deprived of the command.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, July 26, 1861.

Captain WILLIAM H. GARDNER,

Commanding Navy-Yard, Mare Island, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: Captain Boggs has just shown me a letter from the Treasury Deaprtment directing the Shubrick to be laid up. The revenue cutter is also to be returned to her owners immediately, which leaves no Government staemer about this harbor. This seems to me very unsafe and will certainly encourage attempts to resist the authority of the Government. If you have the power to keep the Shubrick in commission till you can hear from Washington, I would respectfully and earnestly recommend that it be done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

COMMANDANT'S OFFICE, NAVY-YARD,

Mare Island, July 27, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER,

Commanding Deprartment of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I am in receipt of your letter of th 26th instant. I perceive as you say, that we shall be left without a Government steamer in our waters, save the Active, which vessel I am now repairing for duty on the coast survey, and shall place upon her two 12-pounder howitzers, and order her to remain in our waters. She will then be quite a formidable vessel of war, having a good supply of small arms and a complement os sixty men. I regret that I cannot interfere with the orders

35 R R-VOL L, PT I

