
several countries from whence they have come. Mexed in with these are a few low, uprincipled Americans. The most intellignet and crafty of these, commercing with Bringham Young, are the directions and rulers of the whole mass. By a misapplication of the word, for amongst them nothing is sacred, their government is solely a hierarchy, and notwithstanding, in theory are assumed to be a population obedient to the laws of our common country, practically they scorn and deride, and set at defiance all laws that interfere with their safety or interest, save those promulgated by the grand concuil of the church. This council is composed of the twelve, Brigham Yound at present the great hierophant and president of that body. This concuil not only fixes and determines upon all important matter pertaining to the church, and the ecclesistical measures growing of them, but through bishops and eldres, and minor councils, called councils of seventy, and through president of stakes (precincts), control even the temporal and demestic affairs of every fmily down to the last individual. When a person becomes a Mormon he has to be initiated by what are called degress. While proceeding step by step through these the novice is obliged to take several terrible oaths. In these he swears to uphold the faith, and to yield perfect and unquanlified obedience to the orders of the coucil and to the orders of those appointed over him. He swears, also, never to divulge the secret pass-would and grips and signes made known to him during this initiation. This ceremony is called the endowment. No man is true and complete Mormon who has not been endowed, and every Mormon who has been thus endowed can, either by words, grips, or signs, recognize every other Mormon. Now these being the obligations under which these ignorant, deluded foreigners are bound, the most of them men who know nothing of our Government or its laws, it is easy to imagine what a sway, what a complete and absolute control the councuil and the prophet have over the minds and persons and possessions of every subordinate member of the church, both at home and abroad. There are not only the oaths to bind the conscince, but there is a real power, a hand raised to strike from existence those who show the least sign of disobedience or of recesuancy. That hand is secret and invisible; it strikes as an unexpected moment, but it strickes none the less a mortal blow. It is the hand of the Danties or destroying angels. These Mormons, them, being mostly from foreign land, with no knowledge of our Government or laws, no affection of or symphaty with our people, no reverence for our institutions, no love for our country, they follow bindly, ignorantly, but implicitly, the orders of council and of their prophet, impelled by their oaths and their faith on the one hand, and forced onward by their fears upon the other. They are taught, even from the pupits, to abhor and contemn us as the slayers of the founder of their religion, as the persecutors of their people when the church was in its infancy. So their hands, like those of Ishumael against all other men, are always and instinctively raised against us. These are truths which not even the Mormos themselves deny. Now send the civil officers of the Government amongst them, and make even an attempt to administer the laws according to the procedure established throughout the rest of the land, and they laugh at you to your face. Suppose a crime-say a murder-has been committed by a Mormon upon a Gentile. Who compose the jury to find the indictment? The brethern. Who are generally the witenesses before that jury? The brethern. Who are the officers and jailers who have custody od the prisoner before and after the trial? The brethern. Who are the members of the jury

