
proccedings the "bear flag" was raised in the Monte, and threats were made that a descent would be made upon this place. The club continued to meet about twice a week, gradually dwindling away in numbers, and finaly it was impossible to get them to meet at all. An unaccountabel fear or dread seemed to pervade the community, Rowdyism and drunkennes, shooting in the street, hurrahing for Jeff. Davis, and all sourt of outrages were being coninually committed, and no persons was safe in the streets after dark. I received information that an attempt would shortly be made by the secessionits to destroy my press. A met a gentleman by the name of Paul R. Hut, who had blank constitutions for Union clubs. We gathered some five or six Union men together and organized a Union club agreeable to the constitution named, said club now numbering sixteen in all, one whom has since proved to be a traitor. Relying on this club as my only protection, we prepared ourselves for defence. I was soon informed that a dentist by the name of Dr. Shrewsbury in the country, and especially in the mines, in circulationg a paper and obtaining signatures of secessionist who were to act in concert with those in the Monte, pledging themselves to destroy my press. Of this I was informed by a Mason. I have been also informed by a man by the name of Baldwin that a Mr. Hathaway and some others came up from the Monte with the avowed intention of drawing me into a difficulty and forcing me to act on the defense, and then take my life. Mr. Baldwin overheard their conversation in his house, and immediately gave me friendly warning. Whether through fear or other motive they desisted from making the attempt I am unable to learn. It was said that an attempt would have been made to raise the "bear flag" and tear down the American flag here on the 4the of July. Although some of the secessionists, I am told, were present, no attempt was made. I visited Holco 21st of the present month. I there learnded from the best authority that the secessionists had for a long time previous to the 4th of July held a rod of terror over the Union men, threatening them in every manner possible, and it had been unsafe for Union men to express their opinions. I also learned that Mayor Marchessault, of Los Angeles, had been up there in complany with Captain Ridley for the purpose of obtaining recruits for the secession Hoge, Both money and official position was promised, and a Doctor Hoge, a Mr. Hopkins, and Doctor Shrewsbury had been very busy in this matter. A difficulty took place in a disreputable house and shots were fired; one man was killed and several were wounded. Doctors Hoge and Shrewsbury were among the party. They are both very bad men. I have been informed that they have already received commissions in the rebellion army. A Mr. Hopkins and Doctor Shrewsbury met a gentleman by the name of J. L. Ware in company with another, whose name is Joseph Caldwell. Mr. Ware offered a drink of spirits to Mr. Hopkins, who offered a toast to the health of Jeff. Davis. Ware immediately snathced the bottle from his lips and dashed it against a rock and started on, whem Hopkins said to Shrewsbury: "As we have got to begin somewhere pretty soon, we may as well begin with him. " They started in pursuit of Ware, who saw them coming with their revolvers drawn in a treatening manner; immediately dismounted from his horse and loaded his rifle and prepared to receive them. When they saw this they turned and remarked they would let him go this time, but the next time they would have his as well as every other Union man's before long. On the

