
4the of July the Union men were threatened that if they raised the American flag they would be shot down. About 100 Unionmen armed themselves and assembled at Don Louis Marsino's house, raised a liberty pole and hoisted the Stars and Stripes. Several secessionists made their appearance, but seeing the determined attitude of the Union men immediately left. The Union men throughout the mines took courage, and many have come out and declared their sentiments. They fear no open attack, but every prominet Union man is in danger of a secret assassination when traveling alone on the different mountain trails. There are about 1,000 men in the mines, though widely scattered. Fully one-third are openly declared secessionists, and probable two-ninths are neutral, the balance Union men. In the valley twofifths are secessionists, one-fifth positively declared neutral men, the balance Union men, yet nearly all leaving room for doubt.

In answer to your question as regards the political complexion of the inhabitants of this valley with regard to existing troubles, and whether the Union sentiment would be likely to be strengthened by the presence of troops here: As to the first part of the question, it is my opinion that if the matter could be fully tested, without the presence of the troops, I believe that the secession sentiment would greatly prevail, and in the present politacal campaign a great deal of money will be spent to purchase the Spanish vote in order to secure the election of secession candidates, both State and county. Being a candidate myself for the senate, running solely on the Union side of the issue, and in favor of using the whole power of the Government to sustain the Union, and, so far as I am able to learn, I am the only true Union candidate in the field, there is possibility of being elected, but it is extremely doubtful. As a criterion to judge by, out of a population in the valley of over 1,500 persons, of which there are some 500 or 600 voters, I have not over fifty subscribers, and of 1,000 miners in Holcub Valley I have only about forty subscribers, when I publish the only paper in the county. In answer to the latter portion of your question, I would say that not only would the Union sentiment be strengthened, and if martial law could be proclaimed we would have protection to our persons, but also to our property. It is my candid opinion that if at least one company of U. S. troops were stationed here it would be of great benefit to the Union men of this section.

Having thus given you as fair a steatement as I possibly can at present, I remain, yours, truly,

EDWIN A. SHERMAN,

Editor of Weekly Patriot.

[Indorsement.]

We have read the above statement, and to a certain extent are generally acquainted with the facts and concur in the opinion expressed.

JOS. H. PEREAU.

JAMES LEONARDRS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC

San Francisco, August [1], 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE ANDREWS,

Sixth Infantry, Commanding Fort Yuma, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department desires you to send to these headquarters any officer of your command whose seditious

