
dispersed throughout the coast range of hills south of this place, and intending to make a sudden foray upon the merchants of San Bernardino, and after securing their plunder make good their escape across the Colorado on their way to the Confederate States of the South. We therefore hasten to make this information known to you and ask that you will in this emergency forthwith give us the protection of a company of U. S. troops.

We are respectfully, your obedient servants,

Mark Jacobs, F. H. Levy, B. Breslauer, P. Drachman &amp; Co., Isador Cohn, S. Folks, Wolf Cohn, Jacobs & Harris, M. Calisher, Q. S. Sparks, Jacob Cohn, Charles Denzeg, Morris Wolf, James Leonard, A. Wlff, Marcus Katz (couny treasurer), Joseph Bridger, James W. Wilson (county clerk), L. Levy & Co., Preston Ground, Max Solomon, H. Lewerkrup, Charles Glasser, Anson Van Lewes (sheriff), Aldman Jackson, C. L. Fabur, H. C. Russell, Nathan Kinman, H. Clark, John Brown (Second), Anton Scharf, J. A. Schiller, A. D. Boren (county judge), George Yager (deputy sheriff).

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS CAMP FITZGERALD, Near Los Angeles, Cal., August 2, 1861.

Honorable A. D. BOREN,

Q. S. SPARKS, Esq., and

Mr. MARK JACOBS and others,

San Bernandino, Cal.:

GENTLEMEN: Your communication in relation to a band of desperadoes being in the coast range of hills south of your city has been received. Mr. Leonard and Mr. Goldberg, the bearers of your communication, will inform you verbally that I had already taken steps for your safety by writing to the general what I beleived you needed to secure this end before they came with your letter. I have made some suggestions to them about the vigilance you should exercise in relation to the party you speak of. If they are so strong as to resist the civil officers, backed by the good citizens as a posse comitatus, send and express to me.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brevet Major, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., August 6, 1861.

Bvt. Major JAMES H. CARLETON,

First Dragoons, U. S. Army, Los Angeles, Cal.:

Turn over your command to Captain Davidson and repair here as quickly as possible. By order of the Government you are to command the California troops on the plains, with the local rank of colonel. Captain Hancock will proceed to Washington City and report to the Qartermaster-General.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

