
SAN BERNARDINO, CAL., August 6, 1861.

Major CARLETON:

DEAR SIR: I inclose to your a letter for General Summenr, which will give you an idea of the state of affairs here. I think two companies of troops are needed here. I think in a little while life will be unsafe here. I do not know anything more that I have written to General Sumner, but if troops do not come here this town will be in the gands of secessionists. I consulted with Judge Boren and Doctor Dickey. They agree with me. Please write at once. I am going to find out all their plans if possible, and will write to you soon.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

CLARENCE E. BENNETT.

I inclose a petition, with the request of Judge Boren to present it to Captain Hancock for his signature, and be so kind as to forward it and oblige us. *

Yours,

C. E. B.

[Inclosure.] SAN BERNARDINO, CAL., August 6, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER, U. S. Army,

Commanding the Department of California:

DEAR SIR: I have not yet learned the name of the officer or posts of the soldier referred to in my letter of July 29. Last night the secessionists received reports from all parts of the State, and they were considered very favorable, particularly in Sacramento and Tulare County, which is strong for secession. They are energetically at work all over this State. They now contemplate starting in two or there weeks a force of about 200 men to Utah and capture Forth Crittended (Camp Floyd). There are many Mormons here, and they are enliting all they can, and Mormons here have promised to raise from 300 to 500 in Utah, probable more, to join the party from here, rendezvous on the west side of Utah Lake, and go and take it in the night, take the mules, wagons, harness, and available plunder here, and then the transportation through via Texas to the Jeff. Davis Confederation, where they expect to get paid in cash (?). They are to go in squads, and when near there to travel in the night, so that the first intimation Colonel Cooke has of the attack will be his capture. As I was sstaioned there in Utah a long time, adjutant of the Tenth Infantry and post adjutant of Camp Floyd, have traveled from Salt Lake City here the southern route, I have had a good opportunity to ascertain the sentiments of the citizens of that Territory. As a general thing there is a deep and abiding hatred toward the Federal Government, and an expedition of this kind can confidently reckon on support in every town. Will you be kind enough to have an extract made of this and sent to Colonel Cooke? I am personally acquainted with him, and do not write to him, as there is a secession postmaster there, and I am watched now, and my letter might be opened. Last night in the secession meeting Dr. D. R. Dickey and myself were denounced in the most bitter terf our active Union operations, and we will be the first ones killed. My name must be kept secret. They are desperadoes, and are increasing daily, getting more confident of their ability. I to-day got their papers, except the paper that has the signatures of these traitors.

---------------

* [Memorandum in pencil on back of letter:] Petition of Judge Boren not handed to Major Ketchum by General Sumner.

---------------

