
PREAMBLE.

Whereas, a crisis has arrived in our political affairs which demands the closest scrutiny and strictest vigilance of every true patriot as an American citizen; and whereas, we view with regret and heartfelt sorrov the exitence of a civil war now waged by one portion of the American people against nother; and whereas, also, we believe that this war has been called into requisition by the present Executive of the United States without the guarantee of the Constitution and without the assent of einther branch of the Acmerican Congress in their legaislative capacity; and believing this as an unjust, unholy, iniquitous, and unconstitutional war; therefore

Be it resolved, first, That we, as a portion of the citizens of the United States, will support the Constituions as it now stands, together with the amendments thereunto appended, and that we will strictly andhere to the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States made under said Constitutions where a collision or difference of opinion has herefore or may hereafter occur citizens of one State and those of another or between Stes and the Federal Government, foreign citizens, subjects, &amp;c.

Second. Be it further resolved, That, in our opinion, the President has violated the most sacred palladium of American liberty by the suspenision of the writ of habeas courpus, and thus depriving an American citizen of having the cause of his imprisonment inquired into by the proper tribunal.

Third. Be it further resolved, That we are in favor of sustaining the Southern States of the American Confederaty in all their constitutional righs; that we believe an unconstitutional war is now being waged againsta them to subject them to a taxation anormous and unequal and to deprive them in the end of their species of property called slaves.

Fourth. And be it lastly resolved, That we mutually predge to each other our lives, our property, and our sacrd honor to sustain our brethern of the Southern States in the just defence of all their constitutional righs, whether invaled by the present Executive or by a foreign foe.

OBLIGATION.

I. (A. B.), here in the presence of these witnesses, before Almighty God, I promise and swear that I will not divulge or reveal any of the secrets of this instuction to enyone except I known to be a brother (or to instruct candidates). I furthermore swear that I will obey the proper authorities when ordered to do so, and that I will assist of me by him, if need by, with my life. All this I solemuly swear to obey, under the penalty of being shot.

J. J. Willis, H. C. Minor, W. W. Y. Gall, William Kilgore, J. S. BAnks, J. S. Leale, Charles Seale, John Hambleton, W. Foreman, Hamilton Foreman, Samuel Kelsey, James H. Wilson, R. Gaines, C. Bogert (candidate for senator).

The list of names I did not see. These were at the bottom of the obligation. I think there are many who are participators who have not signed, and I am assured there is a long list of those who have. The painter, one of the gang, is now employed in making the flag. I copied this instrument of treason accurately. The headquarters of the traitors is in Holcomb Valley, and there is a strong organization. I think two companies of U. S. troops better be sent here at once. One of the members says he thinks in two weeks fighting will commence in this town if there are no U. S. troops here. The rumored defeat of the Federal troops has trengthened them considerably. The oath is administrered while kneeling, with the left had on the heart, the right hand upheld. Every Southerner has joined. Many, I think, join for plunder. There are additions every day. I think it best, as soon as the troops get here, to commence arresting and securing them. You see they have provided for that. As soon as one arrested they ease him. I will write soon if nonthing happens to me.

In haste, very respectfully,

CLARENCE E. BENNETT.

P. S. -The grip: In taking hands pass your little finger between his little finger and third finger. Pass words: I say, Are you on it? You

