
reply, I am on it, at the same time carry your right hand to your right side to the pistol butt, as if to draw your revolver. Then I say, What's your name? You say, R-A-B-E. Use the letters to spell bear-bear flag.

C. E. B.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., August 6, 1861.

Second Lieutenant C. D. EMORY,

Ninth Infantry, Commanding Detachment under orders for

Camp Chehalis, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: On reaching Camp Chehalis with your command, you will assume charge of the public builbings, togenther with all Government property you may find at that place. I am advised by the superintendent of Indian affairs that his agent will be at Camp Chehalis about the 15th instant for the purpose of proceeding to the agency established a few miles north of that place and arecting the necessary buildings. My object in sending yourself and command to Chehalis is to restore confidence to the settlers in that quarter and to afford protection to the Indian agent and his party in establishing themselves at the agency. IN the execution of this duty it will probably be necessary and proper for you move up the coast and establish a temporary camp at the agency. You will obtain the most reliable information possible of the number, character, and habits of the Indians in that region. I also wish you to make a topographical sketch, accompanied by a brief memoir, of the country you may pass over. Keep your men under strict discipline and well in hand to meet any emergancy, always having a sentinel on post by night and day. Look carefully after the provisions of your men; see that they are used economically and made to last as least until the 20th proximo. As you will have no medical officer with you, the surgeon at Fort Vancouver will prepare for you a small package of simple medicemes, with directions for use in case of necassity. Your men should be prepared to bake their own bread. Take with you the necessary camp equipage, including about two tents, two axes, adn hatchets, &amp;c. Report to me by letter to the assistant adjutant-general as often as opportuninty offers, and in case of necessity send a special messenger with your dispatches.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPATMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 142. San Francisco, August 8, 1861.

I. Captain Hunt's company (C), Fourth Infantry, will immediately occupy Fort Ter-Waw.

II. A military pot to be known as Forth Seward and garrisoned by Company B, Sixth Infantry, will immediately be established either on Van Dusen or Larrabee Creek, not nearer to Fort Humboldt than the camp occupied as late as the 10the ultimo by the detachment from that post. Assistant Sorgeon Shorb is assigned to duty at the new post. The particular site will be selected by Captain Lovell, or under his directions. It must posses the requisites of water and grass, and wood both for fuel and building, and must be uncencumbered by any private claim. A reservation equivalent to a square mile in area will

