
be marked off, and no encroachment on it permitted. The erection of the necessary buildings, to be of rough longs and put up by the troops, will be commenced immediately and pushed forward as rapidly as possible.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE U. S. ATTORNEY, SOUTHERN DIST. OF CALIFORNIA,

Los Angeles, August 8, 1861.

General E. V. SUMNER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: Doctor Haywood has just shown me some papers written by one Boyd, decesed, containing charges against Lieutenant Haller, of which he has written to you, The documents contain nothing against the loyalty of Lieutenant Haller, only charging him of some small peculations for his private purse. The papers might be of service should the lieutenant prove untrue. I am informed that an expedition is being organized to leave here for Arizona or Sonora under Colonel Jack Hays. About three weeks past a. Mr. Brown, formerly police officer in Sacramento City, came to this place through Mariposa and Tulare Counties. After a week here he went to San Bernandino and to Holcumb Valley mine, and there holding several metings secretly with the faithful to Dixie. A Mr. Kelsey, lately from Somona, and Major Rollins are to be officers, who are now in San BernandiNumbers I am informed that about 100 men are enfolled by them. Brown came back here about one week past, and will be up to San Francisco on the next steamer. Of the extent of Jack Hays' movements I am not informed. I shall keep myself informed of the movement here through their confidants, and will inform you of what may occur in their secret metings. Captain Hancock can inform you more particularly in reference to matters here than I can write. Secessionists are geeting more noisy here. We may have to fight them yet. Every county officer is with them. We shall make a strong effort to overhrow them at the election. Union men and Republicans are all united upon one county ticket. We very much regret the removal of Captain Hancock. We regard him as one of the substantial men of the Army, and know he will be right.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. H. DIMMICK.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, August 8, 1861.

Captain CHARLES S. LOVELL,

Sixth Infantry, U. S. Army, Commanding Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: The buildings to be erected at Fort Seward will consist of quarters for one company, one medical officer, the company officers actually present, laundresses' quarters, hospital, guard-house, store-house, and stable. The plans for these buildings, as well as a plan for the garrison, will be furnisthed in two or three days. In the meantime the work of geeting out logs will be proceeded with immediately and energetically. The logs should be of the dimensions of 20, 22, 25, 31, and 34 feet, and besides an additional number as much greater in length as can be found and handled conveniently. The window sash,

