
bucks, 24 squaws, and 16 children, making the total number of Indian prisoners at Fort Baker 88. These, when they arrive at this post, with the prisoners already here, will make the total number of Indian prisoners about 170. On the 7th of May, instant, Lieutenant Flynn, with a detachment of twenty men of Company F, Second Infantry California Volunteers, then on a scout near Mad River, a few miles below Fort Lyon, received a volley from a band of Indians in ambush. None of the men were injured except the citizen guide, who was shot through both things. The troops rushed in pursuit into the timber, which was almost impenetrable from the dense undergrowth and chaparral with which all the forests in the country are filled, but were not able to see a single Indian, although they heard guns snapped in every direction around them (the caps having no doubt been spoilt by the ten recent rain).of May, instant, on Mad River, near Angel's ranch, Lieutenant Flynn, then having fifteen men with him, 'started at daybreak" (I copy from his report) "and found a ranch of Indians about 7 a. m. They saw me about fifteen minutes before I arrived at their ranch. They crossed the river on their fish dam, and then cut it away, so that I could not follow them over the river. They fought me about one hour. I killed six of them. None of my men received a wound. The Indians retreated up the hill. I then destroyed all their provisions, beds, clothing, &amp;c. All my men behaved admirably throughout the engagement. I found a quantity of powder and gun-capts. There were about 150 Indians in this band, and it was useless for me to follow them with fifteen men. This is the tribe that murdered Mr. Bates, as I found some of his papers in their ranch. " Lieutenant Flynn then returned to Fort Anderson, when Captain Douglas immediately left, with his whole command (Company F, Second Infantry California Volunteers) in quest of the band with which Lieutenant Flynn had skirmished. it is not yet known whether he has found them. On the 15th of May, instant, Captain Heffernan, Company K, Second Infantry California Volunteers, commanding at Fort Lyon, returned from a scout in which he had destroyed five rancherias from which the Indians had fled before he arrived, and killed 1 Indian and wounded 2 others, being the only ones seen during the scout. The two wounded escaped, leaving behind a powder-horn, which proved to belong to one of the men murdered by the Indians on Bremen's ranch last November. These are all the results actually obtained thus far, although the troops have been and are still constantly and actively engaged in scouting in every direction, through deep snows and pathless and almost impenetrable forests, choked with undergrowth and brambles, and over a country consisting entirely of lofty mountain ridges so steep as to render traveling always laborious and often dangerous. Escorts and expresses have been for some time suspended. Nearly all the men of Captain Akey's company have been called in as witnesses for the prisoners before the court-martial.

The want of mules has caused the only interruption to active operations. In order that one-half of the effective men of every company may be always in the field, there should be not less than sixteen mules constantly at the disposal of each company. The country is so difficult that the men are compelled to pack their blankets and everything except their arms. About twenty-five mules have already been purchased by Regimental Quartermaster Swasey. I recommend that he be authorized to buy seventy-five more as soon as practicable. I am convinced it would be a great saving to the Government, and at the same time

