
locks, hinges, and such other materials for the new buildings as can be conveniently transported will be taken from the buildings at Fort Humboldt. As soon as the buildings at the new post are somewhat advanced, orders will be given for the abandonment of Forth Humboldt. In the meantime the hospital and a small detachment, six or eight men, will be kept there. Of course the supplies at Humboldt are to be transfered to the new post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., August 8, 1861.

Major D. C. BUELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding the department, that with an escort of dragoons I accompanied Governor Nye, of this Territory, on his visit to the Indians about the vicinity of Pyramid Lake. Found them all peaceably disposed, and have no doubt but that they will remain so if they are not disturded by the white settlers. The Governor made them some presents, and they appeared to be very well satisfied.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. H. BLAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Dragoons, Commanding Post.

NEW YOUR, August 8, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Has the order for the formation of the First Regiment of Oregon Rifles, Oregon quota, accepted for the war by the Department, been revoked, as reported by the papers to-day? If so, must I disband my companies?

J. DAN'L WILLIAMSON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 8, 1861.

J. D. WILLIAMSON,

First Regiment Oregon Rifles:

For reasons satisfactory to the Department, the acceptance given you has been revorked. It is preferred that the men enlisted should come into the U. S. service under another command. Letter of revocation forwarded yesterday.

J. LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 143. San Francisco, August 9, 1861.

In compliance with istructions from the War Department, Lieutenant Colonel D. C. Bueall, assistant adjutant-general, is relieved from duty at

