
these headquarters, and will proceed to Washington City and report to the Adjutant-General.

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., August 9, 1861.

Major D. C. BUELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: At request of the superintendent of Indian affairs, I have ordered a small detachment, under the command of Lieutenand Emory, of the Ninth Infatry, to proceed to Camp Chehalis, Gray's Harbor, and teporarily to establish his camp a feq miles north of that place, at the reservation where the agent is erecting buildings. I have provisioned Lieutenant Emory's party until the 20the of September, after which time it is supposed now that the presence of the troops in that quartery may be dispensed with. There is much uneasiness in the community on the subject of our Indian affairs in the Conville and Nez Perce country. In the Nez Perce country there are several thousand miners, and the number is daily increasing. It is impossible to confine them to the region north of the Clearwater. An arrangement was made early in the spring by the superintendent with the Nez Perces. They agreed that the miners should be allowed in the country north of the Clearwter, but since then prospecting and rich mines have been discovered south of that river, hence the whole countrly will inevitably be overrun. The Nez Perce nation is large and powerful; they have always been our friends. On my campaign in 1858 they raised a mounted company, went with me, and rendered the most important services. Neither the commander of Colville nor Walla Walla have intimated to me that they apprehend any immediate outbreak, but it is necessary to be on our guard. I cannot spare any of the troops west of the Cascaders, but the dragoon company at The Dalles might be concentrated and sent to Walla Walla, and a small infantry detachment sent from The Dalles to the Warm Springs Reservation, if necessary. I should be very glad to have the company of my regiment now at San Francisco sent up here, if general can spare it. I have permitte Third Cavalry, to obey the orders he has received from the War Department. A reliable sergeant is left in charge of the detachment at the Warm Springs. Captain Sheridan, Thirteenth Infantry, will be relieved from his duties at Yamhill in a few days, as soon as and officer is available.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.

HEAQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, August 10, 1861.

Captain WILLIAM H. GARDNER, U. S. Navy,

Commanding Navy-Yard, Mare Island, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: I have received several intimations about the exposed situation of your magazine, such as schemes talked about for blowing

36 R R-VOL L, PT I

