
it up, &amp;c. I do not know that these stories are worth heeding, but I think it proper to apprise you of them, as you may think is necessary to place a guard there or take some other necessary means to insure its safety.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FORT HUMBOLDT, CAL., August 10, 1861.

Major D. C. BUELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith, for the infromation and aciton of the commanding general of the department, a petition signed by citizens in this vicinity, asking the removal of the Indians on Lower Eel River to some reservatiion. The Indians referred to were sent to the Klamath Reservation from this post in Aprilm 1860, as reported to department headquarters by Major Rains in a letter dated May 3, 1860. In September, same year, some forty or fifty of them returned to this vicinity. I wrote to department headquarters on the subject October 3, and again October 20, asking some definite instructions. To the latter the reply dated October 26 was that no authority for the issue of provisions to the Indian agent in this instance, I declined attempting to remove the Indians to the Klamath Reservation unless directed to do so by the commanding general.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. LOVELL,

Captain, Sixth Infantry, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] EEL RIVER, August 6, 1861.

Captain CHARLES S. LOVELL,

Sixth U. S. Infantry, Commanding Fort Humboldt:

We, the undersigned, most respectfully, petition that you take under your protection the Indians of Lower Ees River (which are and have been peaceable, as far as we know) until they can be removed to some reservation. For the sake of hummanity, for the sake of our reputation abroad, and many other obvious reasons we hope sake of a second Indian massacre, which we believe will be the case if they are not immediately removed from amongst us. If you will please send a small detachment of men to guard the Indians to Fort Humboldt, we will turn out and collect them together, which we assure you will be short job, as they will willingly accept any terms we may propose.

J. H. DUNGAN,

RANSOM ARNOLD,

E. W. MYERS,

[AND 69 OTHERS.]
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Fitzgerald, Cal., August 10, 1861.

Major D. C. BUELL,

Assitant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose the within communications just put in my hands by Major Carleton. I have proposed to the prominent

