
Union men here (General Drown, Abel Stearns, and others) the formation of a home guared for the town, and county of Los Angeles. They respond to the suggestion promptly, and I have promised as soon as they have 100 names enrolled to write to the general and ask for as many stand of arms and ammunition as there are souond Union men. I think the move will have a benficial efect. I would to God the Union men would hold up their heads more here. I beg the general to believe that with regard to the inclosed subject I will be wary and circumspect, and if prompt action is required on overt acts I will be quick as the occasion. As the camp is three-quarters of a mile from where the depot is, I have ordered an officer and twenty-five men to guard the latter nightly, particulary from fire. Should one or two companies be required to lend aid to those companies probabley to be sent to San Bernandini, the home guard could be relieved upon to take their places in event of difficulty.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JNO, W. DAVIDSON,

Captain, First Dragoons, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] LOS ANGELES, August 10, 1861.

General E. V. SUMNER,

Commanding Pacific Division, San Francisco:

SIR: I feel it my duty as an old resident of this place to apprise you that all of us who are loyal and devoted to the Stars adn Stripes, and the have something to lose in this section of the country, feel what we are in the greatest insecurity as to the public interest as well as to our own lives and property. No part of your command is composed of such discordat and menacing elements as it. Within we have open and avowed secessionists and Southern sympathizers, and I am sorry to say that they are chiefly composed of those who exercise most political influence with the native population, and already they have not failed to poison their minds against the Puritan fanatics of the North. We are threatened with rebellion across the plains by people of the Van Dorn spripe, if we are to gredit the repeated reports of the Texan emigration, and in these disordered times it is not well to discredit them. Lower California, the asylum of cut throuats and robers, is on our immediate border. We are surreounded to a great extent by barbarous and hostile Indian tribes, that may at any movement be excited against us and the Government, by rebels or marauding Mormons. I not only consider it necessary, but the part of prudence and timely vigilance, to station a lookout cavalry force at the Cajon Pass, or at some point close thereto. Please to receive my suggestions with indulgence, being made in a spirit to subserve public and private interests.

Your most obedient servant,

MATTHEW KELLER.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] LOS ANGELES, August 9, 1961.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

DEAR SIR: I am constrained by the aspect of political affairs in this quarter to bring the matter personally to your knowledge in the hope that you will deem it prudent to add to the United States command in this section at least two companies. You are probably aware that our

