
community is composed largely of Californians and Mexicans, and among them some very dangerous characters, who are easily diverted from what is right and proper into any course which promises excitement and reward, either by theft or murder, or both. As there also exist in our community a class of persons who are endeavoring to work this element into shape for evil purpose, and as not very remote from here there is a Mormon settlement of about 1,000 persons, whose hostility to our Government is well known, and who at any time may join the secessionists in our midst, I am contrained to urge that you will kindly make further disposition of troops in this quarter and by their presence overrule any movement which may be made by disaffected persons to kindle the fire of domeestic strife in this State. In thus addressing you I represent the sentiments of a large number of respectable residents, whose position and pursuits are of that character as would prevent their becoming active participants in case trouble should ensue.

Trusting that you will lend ear to my solicitation, I remain, dear sir, with much respect, your very obedient servant,

ABEL STEARNS.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Fitzgerald, August 10, 1861.

[Major D. C. BUELL:]

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose the accompanying letter from Mr. Willis, of San Bernandino, whoch will be found to bear directly upon the subject-matter of the general's letter of July 18, 1861, to Major Carleton and the latter's reply, which I have seen. Mr. Willis appears to be of good standing, though I think he overrates Samuel Kelsey's character and influence. Brown will be watched here be our Union frinds. I have nothing more to say, as I infer the general has already taken steps consequent upon Carleton's reply.

I am, major, your most obedient servant,

JNO W. DAVIDSON,

Captain, First Dragoons, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] SAN BERNANDINO, August 5, 1861

Major CARLETON,

Commanding of U. S. Forces at Los Angeles.:

SIR: For some time past I have desired to communicate to you certain facts respecting the secession szmpathizers of this county importaint for you to know, but being a candidate for the office of senator, and busily engaged in traveling about the county, I have not had the time so to do. From certain events now know to me I feel in doubly my duty as a lover of the old flag and Constitution, and the peace and harmony of this section of the Statem, to make known to you what I know. On my visiting Bear and Holcomb Valleys, electioneering, or rather soon after while I there, a man by the name of Brown, a large man, with whiskers, waring a blue flannel coat, who a few days ago left for your city, and whom it yould be well to wathc, arrived in the mines from Sacramento. On the night after his arrival a meeting was called of men known as secessionists at the store of Samuel Kelsey. Major Rollins was sent for on the Mojave and attended the meeting as the leader and moving spirit, assisted by Samuel Kelsey. On the first night the mustered seventeen or twenty. Supposing in tho be a meeting for political purposes, a friend of mine attended as a spy, All

