
present were sworn to secrecy. This man Brown and Judge Campbell, candidate for senator on the secession ticket, addressed the meeting. The object of the meeting was to confederate and ascertain the fighting strength of the seceders in the county, and enroll them as a force to act in connection with other forces throughout the State, having for their object the seizure of the public property here and in Utah, and to raise the standard of rebellion in California, and thus bring on civil war amongs us in this State. On the night subsequent anothre meeting was held, when more attended. Some of the leading secessionists (Major Rollins and Beall) have disposed of their effects in order to be at liberty to enagage in the movement. The secessionists are not numerous, but active, energetic, and persevering and fightig men, while the Union men are the working and quiet citizens, unorganized and unsuspecting. Shortly after the second meeting I returnde to this city. Brown and Kelsey came down on the same day, and two nights after a meeting was held in this city. Not being aware of the meeting, which was kept secret, being called until late in the evening, I could not find a friend to play secessionist and get invited. I since find, however, that a friend was there. The object of the meeting was the same as that of Holcomb. This man Kelsey is enterprising, canstious, and brave, and instills with the subtlety of the devil treason into the minds of the youth of the county who have the slightest sympathy with the South, and infuses into them his own ardor. I watch him close. Another enemy of no less formidable character is Mrs. Bettis; bold, determined, and unscrupulous, she combines all the qualithies which make a woman one of the most dangerous of enemies and one of the best of friends. He father, Mr. Rubottom, and brother and nephew, and brother and son, James M. Greenwade, at Temescal, all secessionists, she inspires with her ownt enthusiasm in the cause John Rga, is another, but lacking all the qualities of the rest, and having but money and the repulationn of being wealthy. Such is the state of the county at present. Disregrd the reports you read in the Los Angeles Star about the Mormons and Whisky Point. They and the men who reside there are Union men, and in this matter are unjustly libeled by a secessionist paper and by a friend of Joseph Bridger, another of the secession cancidates. It seems to me that if a comany of soldier were sent here as a nucleus for the Union men to rally around in case of difficulty, it would have a tendency to prevent, perhaps to keep subdued, the necession spirit, and infuse spririt into the Union men. In case of difficulty my life and fortune are for the cause and I shall organize a company and place mayself under your command. But God forbid the necessity.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. WILLIS.

LOS ANGELES, August 10, 1961.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

DEAR SIR: Since addressing you under yesterday's date infromation has reached men of an organization among the secessionists at San Bernardino and the mines of Bear Valley (in the vicinity of this latter place) which has confirmed my belief, and increased my alarm with regrd to our condition it this of the State. I would appear from the information received that not only does a good understanding,

