
but nearly complete organization, exit through all the southern counties from Stockton to the Mexico line, and the formation only awaits a head to develop the outrage in all its enormith. Fromthe open condition of our country here running herds of animals are exposed to be turned into calvalry at any moment, and the option of Texas or Utah as the base of operations simply remains for determination among those who would carry the plan into effect. If upon the NOrthern side they can rely upon the Mornothe Sounthersn, then the Mexican element becomes powerful. In either event, there are always enough of this latter class to assist in procuring horses. Thus stands to case. The secessionists from the norther part of the State are contunually arriving here in our midst. We have a disturded and uncertain number of natives who are sympathizers, and to the east, the Mormons and vagabond miners, who are already enrolled to a great extent in opposition to the Governement. These facts, combined with the lukewarm Union spirit of the place, give just cause for alarm. I sincerely trust, therefore, that you may deem it of suffecient importance to augment the number of troops suggested in mine of yesterday, firmly believed that a show of force, invlving that respect for the laws which all good people should observe, is preferable to that extreme which invokes the necessity of its use, as is lamentabley shown in the present condition of our coutry. I regret exceedingly the departure of Major Carleton and Captain Hancock, both of whom in these trying times have been equal to the emergency, and whose activity and energy have inspired the confidence of the community. In their absence I believe the command to fall upon Captain Davidson, whose long asquaintance with this country and the people I trust may be the means of retaining him amongst us in this position, apart from feelings of frienschip for him based upon years of acquaintance.

Trusting that your will pardon this lengty trespass upon your time, and incessant occupation, I remain, dear sir, with very much respect, your very obedient servant,

ABEL STEARNS.

COLUMBIA, August 11, 1861.

President DAVIS:

General A. S. Johnston crossed the Colorado, at Yuma, July 1, accompanied by Armistead, Shaafff, Brewer, Mallory, Riley, Wickliffe, and Hardcaste-all resigned-with civilians, about thirty. Tehy will probably reach San Antonio on the 1st of September. Perhaps you may as I have it certain, I though I would let you know. The Smith reently sent to a forstress in New Your, and seized from an Aspinwall steamer, is a son of the Honorable William Smith, of Virgina, and was sent to the fortress, expressly by order of Lincoln, as a political prisoner.

F. W. PICKENS.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 145. San Francisco, August 13, 1861.

* * * * * * January

2. Two of the field guns at the Presidio of San Francisco will be turned over to the commanding officer at Fort Point. The customary receipts will be given.

* * * * * * *

