
4. Major William S. Ketchum, with Companies A, D, F, and G, Fourth Regiment of Infantry, will proceed to and take post at San Bernandino, Cal. The quartermaster will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Fitzgerald, Cal., August 13, 1861.

Major D. C. BUELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Amry:

MAJOR: After careful thought I have determined, as an officer instructed with and important command here, to give my views with regard to the dispositions to be made to preserve good order and obedience to the laws in this section of the country. With due deference to older and wiser heads than mine, I believe the arrangement propoese would crush the egg of treason already laid in the conties of San Bernandino and Los Angeles, give the really good time to awake to their true interest and to listen to the promptings of that patriotism which, however in may be swayed by the passions of the hour, is yet deeply planted in every American heart. Therefore,

I. The depot of supplies for the troops to be at San Pedro, near the mouth of San Gabriel River; a company of infantry stationed there, with temporary work thrown up, and two or more pieces of artillery.

II. Two companies of infarntry at Los Angeles, ether in the town, or at least six miles from it. One month's subsitstnece always on hand.

III. Four companies, two of dragoons and two of infantry at San BernandiNumbers I believe if any trouble arises it will begin there, because of the character of the surrounding population, and the fact that the outles toward Utah by the Mojave, and toward Texas by the Colorado, invite and tempt by their facilities for escape. By all means keep this squardon of dragoons intact at one point. It is the only body of cavalry in the country and, with the drill Carleton and I have given it, is really effecient and can be relieved on for 100 men in the saddle at need. An outpost from the San Bernardino command to be at Martin's ranch, in the Cajon Pass, to consist of an officer and, say, twelve men. Another at Temecula, on the route to Warner's ranch, same number. Both posts to report constantly to San BernandiNumbers The officer at San Bernandino to have district powers over Los Angeles troops, but not to touch San Pedro. A section of field pieces at Los Angeles and one at San Be entersprising officer ought to be able to control at least open acts with these facilities placed at his command. If this arrangement cannot be made, then I respectfully ask authority to move this camp to San Pedro, and in the advantages of this step all my officers concur with me.

The men are being demoralized here, and I suspect are tampered with. The vitality they expend in debauch would be spent in fishing, hunting, boating, and manly exercises. From this point we could mainly control this section of country. Thre is a brass field piece here in town (6-pounder) belonging I am told to the State, now in the hands of the sheriff, Tomas Sanchez, a noted secessionist, which ought, I

