
EUGENE CITY, LANE COUNTY, OREG., August 15, 1861.

General E. V. SUMNER, U. S. Army,

Commanding Pacific Division, San Francisco, Cal.:

DEAR SIR: There is a rumor here that it is among the possbilities that Fort Umpqua, at the mounth of the Umpqua River, may be abandoned by your order. I hardly know what apology to make for sying a world upon such a subject, and I should not, if I was not fully assured that you feel as deep a solicitude for every interest of our common country as any man can. With this kind of feeling and assurance I beg leave to submit to you a few facts and suggestions. Perhaps I ought to say in advance that my official duties as a justice of the supreme court of this State, and judge of the second judicial district, make me very familiar with the country embracing Fort Umpqua, much of the Indian reservation, and a large portion of the country from which the Indians were removed being within my judicial circuit, and also somewhat familiar with the facts with I hall state.

First. Fort Umpqua commands the southerly and only point of egress in that direction. The Rogue River and Coast Indians, they only ones on this reservation who have ever proved troublesome to the whites, could find their way back only by this route along the coast without great difficulty. I am quite satisfied that it is the only one they would attempt.

Second. I am informed that the Indians are as anwious to return to their old haunts as ever, but about this I cannot speak so certainly but from personal conversations with a few of them I am inclined to think it true.

My judicial district extends from the reservation to the California line, and embraces the contry from which a large number of the Indians were removed, and from personal knowledge of the temper and feeling of the ingabitants I think I may safely say that if the Indians were permitted to return that their presence would occasion immediate trouble. The presenceof a very small force at Fort Umpquana would effectually prevent it. But I am sorry to say that I think there are other reasons why this post should be held by a small force and subject to your order. It bted that the Governor of this State strongly sympathizes with the rebels, adn there are many who believe that under the influence of General Lane he would seize any covenient opportunity to give Union me trouble. It is understood and believed that the withdrawal of U. S. forces from this and other posts would offer an occasion of which the Governor would avail himself to call out troops to occupy them. I would be an easy matter to obtain such only as he could rely upon. A few men of desperate fortunes with arms in their hands might give us infinite trouble. Oregon has a large faction of her populatin who are as devoted to the rebels as any men to be found in the South. It is true they are in a minority, adn we desire to keep them there and to give them no advatage beyond their numbers. I hope that, if possible and consitent with your duties, that this fort will not be abandoned-at least until Colonel Baker and Nesmith, our Senators in Washington, can be advised and opportunity given to represent the matter at headquarters.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant

R. E. STRATTON.

