HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, August 16, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER, U. S. Army,

San Francisco, Cal.:

Your are to command an expedition into Texas, via Mazaltan, to be composed of two batteries and ten foot companies of regulars, one regiment of volunteers cavalry, adn four regiments volunteer infanry. Brigadier General J. W. Denver will be associated with you, and take with you Captain R. L. Ogdern, assistant quartermaster. A requisition has been made on the Governor for the volunteers. Communicate with him. Particulars by mail.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

(Telegrph to outer station, thence by pony express and telegraph.)
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, August 16, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER, U. S. Army,

Commanding,&amp;c., San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: A telegram was sent you this day in relation to an expedition to Texas, adn the General-in-Chief directs me to write your more fully in regard to it, as folows: You are to fit out an expedition in San Francisco, preparing for embarkation thence the necessary supplies and land transportation, to land at Mazaltan and march thence to Western Texas to regain the public property in that State and draw off insurgent troops from Arkansas, Missouri, &c. J. W. Denver, esq., of California, has been appointed brigadier-general, U. S. Volunteers service, and will be under your command. Captain R. L. Ogden, appointed assistant quartermaster, and now in San Fancsisco, will also be subject to your orders. A requisition has been made on the Governor of California for one regiment volunteer cavalry and four regiments volungeer infantry; and he has been requested to report them to your when ready. You will please confer with him in relation to them. You will add to this force two batteries regular artillery and ten companies regular foot, to be collected from such points as may be most advisable. Orders will no doubt go to you from the War Department concerning the contract to be made with the steamship company. The general will only say on this subject that it will be advsable to make provision as early as possible for having coal for the transport placed in depot at Mazatlan. On leaving the Department of the Pacific, turn over the command to Colonel Wright, Ninth Infantry.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, August 16, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE WRIGHT,

Ninth Regiment of Infantry, Commanding District of Oregon:

SIR: In reply to your communication of the 9th instant the general commanding the department instructs me to say that the propriety and

