
necessity for the movement of troops within your district, whether of a temporary or permanent chacacter, is left dicretionary with yourself. The general wishes you to make such disposition of the force under yor command as will best secure protection to the inhabitans against Indian incursions. While he hopees that this force will enabe you to accomplish the purpose desired, yet should find it insufficient you will avail youself of the authority granted in a formed letter to call into service volunteers, either, from Oregon or the Territory of Washington.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP CHEHALIS, WASH. TER., August 16, 1861.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

District of Oregon:

SIR: I have the honor to report to you by the first opportunity that offers itself of the safe arrival of my command at this post yesterday, the 15th instant, at 12:30 p. m. Up to the time of writing (9 a. m.) the Indian agent has not arrived. I will await his arrival here and learn his wishes about the disposal of my command, and will report to you accoridngli. Until the arrival of the Indian agent I cannot furnish any reliable information of the number and character of the Indian on the reservation, which is on the north side of Gray's Harbor. The Indians in the immediate vicinity of Camp Chehalis do not number more than thirty-men, women, and children. The rest of the tribe are at Chinook and Shoal Water Bay, about fifty more. The are peaceable in character. The place selected for the establishment of the agency is about thirty-five miles north of this post. The Indians there are more numerous.

I am, sir, your very obedient servant,

C. D. EMORY,

Second Lieutenant, Ninth Infty., Commanding Detachment at Chehalis.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 17, 1861.

Captain R. R. OGDEN,

Quartermaster, San Francisco, Cal.:

Make all proper arrangements, including transportation, for the expedition. Be ready in time for the movement of forces.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 17, 1861.

Captain R. L. OGDEN,

Qartermaster, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have this day forwarded you a dispatch by telegraph and by pony express, requesting that you will make all proper arrangements,

