
placed. Unless the parties are unconditionally commited to the support of the General Government great injury might be done in thus arming them. He accepts your profferred responsibility, and hopes you may be able to strengthen your position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., August 19, 1861.

Lieutenant A. C. WILDRICK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Oregon,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the communication of the colonel commanding the district, dated August 9, relating to our Indian affairs. A large number of the Nez Perces are inclined to be hostile, and from the best information I can gain it appears that at least one-half of them have seceded and have gone, or are going, to join the Snakes. I have it from Mr. smith, Indian sulter, who has just come down from the reserve. It is feared by the agent, and it fact by ably on Salmon River and the South Branch of Clearwater. The presence of another company of dragoons on the reservation at Captain Smith's disposal would deep the disturbance away from the settlements, most likely on the extreme southern boundary, but as for protecting those recless men who have pushed on out of all reach it would be impossible. They are roving all over the country in defiance of treaty, law, or remostrance, and must take care of themselves. I would sned Lieutenant Reno with his company at once to re-enforce Captain Smith, if I only had Company H here to render my garrison sufficiently strong, and I would respectfully urge that it be ordered here immediately. The emergency requiring its presence might arise while it is yet too far from the scene of action to be of any service. I will keep the troops in the reservation for some time yet, although I expect they will be obliged to come in by the end of September on account of their horses. There has been no news from the emigrant road, no parties having come in yet, but that there will be trouble if the emigrants break up into small parties there can be no doubt. They must be keeping together, and perhaps have an escort, or we should have heard from them before this.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

E. STEEN,

Major, First Dragoons, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., August 20, 1861.

Captain R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: Your two tlegraphic dispatches of the 15the instant I have this day received. The articles required will be sent to San Francisco by next steamer. We have but fourteen saddles and twenty bridles. I have telegraphed the number of saddles. We have an alarm again of Indian disturbances at the Cansades. Captain Black will go up to-morrow with a detachment of thirty-four men, and I have ordered Captain

