
Van Voast, with his company, to proceed from Fort Dalles to the Cansades. By prompt aciton and summary punishment of the evildisposed I believe that peace can be maintained, but there is manifestlyt a hostile feeling and restlessness amongst the Indians which demans attention.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal. August 20, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE WRIGHT,

Ninth Regiment Infantry, Commanding District of Oregon:

SIR: From information which has reached the general commanding the department, he is apprehensive that an outbreak is contemplated by the Indians within the limits of the District of Oregon. Being too remote from the scene of these threatened disturbances to procure accurate information on the subject, the general desires you to carefully investigate the condition of Indian affairs int the district where the greatest danger is to be apprehended. If, in your opinion, the difficulties are of such a serious nature as to require it, the general wishes you to muster in immediately a sufficent volunteer force to suppress any hostile demonstration on the part of the tribes that are dissafisfield. This force must be commanded by an officer of the Regular Army, to be selected by yourself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 28. Fort Voncouver, Wash. Ter., August 20, 1861.

I. Captain H. M. Black, Ninth Infantry, with three non-commissioned officer and thirty privates of the garrison of Fort Vancouver, will proceed by the steamer to-morrow morning to Fort Cansades. The detach meant will be provisioned to the end of the month. Captain

Black will receive written instructions from the colonel commanding.

II. Immediately on receipt of this order Captain J. Van Voast, with Company K. Ninth Infantry, will proceed to the Cascades and report to Captain Black. Captain Van Voast will take with him rations to the end of month, leaving a non-commissioned officer and ten men at Fort Dalles.

* * * * * * *

By order of Colonel Wright:

A. C. WILDRICK,First Lieutenant, Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., August 20, 1861.

Captain H. M. BLACK,

Ninth Infatntry, Commanding Detach. of troops under orders

for Frot Cascades, Wash. Ter., Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

CAPTAIN: The report which I have received from the Cascades renders it highly probable that an attempt is being made by come of the

