
Indian chiefs at that place to enagage in hostilities againstt the whites. The chiefs Baln-a-har and Tim-e-tos are said to be the prime movers. The first-named should properly have been executed in '56. ON reaching the Cascades asquait yourseldf with the condition of affairs and exercise your judgment hoq to act. If you are satisfied that these chiefs or any Indians in that qarter have already committed any hostile acts, or have by word or deed been endeavoring to persuade the Indians to commit aggressions, seize them all, and execute summary punistment on the guilty . Captain Van Voast will be at the Cascaders on Friday mornting and act under your orders. Let me know by every steamer the state of affairs at the Cascades. It is probable that before the end of the month I shall withdraw yourself and command, leaving Captain Van Voast in charge. Lieutenant Wildrick will turn over to you a box of 15 rifles and 500 cartridges, which you can place in the hands of Colonel Ruckel and Mr. Olmstead for defence of the depot of the Oregon Steam Navigation Company, those gentlemen recepting for the same.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Wasthington, August 21, 1861.

Brigadier-General SUMNER,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 24the July, the General-in-Chief directs me to say let Captain English remain in command of San Juan Island for the present.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP FITZGERALD, CAL., August 21, 1861.

Captain RICHARD C. DRUM,

Asstant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Yesterday it became known through this camp that I was to be relieved in command here by Captain Smith, First Dragoons. This information was wrtitten here by Major Carleton. It was calculated to do harm in three ways. First. That troops are apt to relax in their attention to duties pending a change of commanders. Second. That if I was disposed to yield to a feeling of mortification, consequent upon getting information of the change in this way, it might discourage me in the ready prosecution of my own duties. Third. That our Union citizens here, with whom I have established harminious and inteligible relations, might lose confidence in me from this report, not knowing the general's good reasons. My own self-respct teaches me at it would be better if the generl's intentions with regard to this command becase known through his orders, and that every officer becoming possessed of the designs of his uperiors should have reticence enough (particularly now) to keep them to himself and not make them the subject of gossip. I shall work, captain, even under this rumor, with the

37 R R-VOL L, PT I

