
same hearty good will, to be able to turn over to Captain Smith a command that he may find efficient, and I have no feeling about the proposed change, only about its mode of communication.

With high respect, I am, your most obedient servant,

JNO W. DAVIDSON,

Captain, First Dragoons, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, August 22, 1861.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In raising the volunteers from this State I found it indispensably necessary, for economy as well as efficiency, to have a calalry officer of experience and ability to command the five companies of cavalry. There was no suitable man to be found out of the army, and at my request the Governor has given the commission of lieutenant-colonel of cavalry to Lieutenant B. F. Davis, of the First Dragoons. I have known this yourn officer in it. He is from the South, but a firm loyalist to the Government. I would respectfully ask the sanction of the War Departmetn to this appointment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. s. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 152. San Francisco, August 22, 1861.

The companies of California Volunteer Infantry already mustered into service will on Saturday, the 24th instant, be moved into camp at such point near San Antonio Landing, Contra Costra, as may be selected by Captain Kirkham, assistant quartermaster. The other companies will, as they are mustered in, be moved to this camp. The quartermaster's department will furnsh the necessary tranportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, August 22, 1861.

Honorable R. E. STRATTON,

Eugene City, Lane County, Oreg.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 15the instant I am instructed by the general commanding the department to inform you that the detachment of troops now at Umpqua will not be removed. In consequence the our national difficulties, the general has been compelled to draw from the District of Oregon a large portion of the regular force. In doing this he was not unmindulf of the exposed condition of the remote settlements in California, Oregon, and Washnigton, and to secure their complete protection delegated to Colonel Wright authority to call out a sufficient volunteers force to suppress any outbreak on the part of

