
the Indians. Should the threatened disturbances in the north warrant it, he has been directed to muster into service a volunteer force immediately.

Very respectfully, you obedient servant,

RICH. C. DRUM,

Asssistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, August 23, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters of the Army, Washington:

SIR: I have the honor to inform the General-in-Chief that, in consequence of threatened disturbances among several Indian tribes in the District of Oregon, I have Directed Colonel Wright, the commander thereof, whenever in his opinion it is necessary, to muster into service a sufficient volunteers force for the suppression of any outbreak. This force I have directed shall be placed under the command of an officer of the Regular Army, to be selected by Colonel Wright. It would be hazardous at this time to reduce the regular force in this State, and I am therefore completted to rely upon State troops to give the necessary protection to our frontier settlements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 153. San Francisco, August 23, 1861.

1. The camp directed to be established near San Antonio, Contra Costa, will be known as Camp Downey.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT CASCADES, WASH. TER., August 23, 1861.

Lieutenant A. C. WILDRICK,

Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General,

Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 28. from headquarters District of Oregon, of August 21, 1861, and in accordance with instructions form same source and date, I arrived at this post with my command about 4 p. m. on the 21st instant. I immediately took steps to acquaint myself with the condition of affairs in this vivinity. I've seen alll the white settlers in the immediate vicinity of this post, and have had a conversation on the subject separately with them; have been unable to find out anythning of a definite character. All seemed to be rumor, and to come from a friendly Indian or Indians who were under the influence of liquor, and stated that Indians were going to war again; that they expectd the Cascades would be attacked. All this about a week ago, and as they

