
from this post, having scarcely enough to guard the prisoners here, but I sent an order to Fort Gaston to re-enforce Liscombe's Hill with twenty more men. All the private trains for the northern mines are now awaiting at Arcata the arrival of that detachment in order to obtain escorts. Yesterday afternoon some Indians appeared near the Eel River House, three miles this side of Hydesville, and twenty miles from the post, but in an opposite direction from the scene of the present hostilities, and shot a settler there named Necee; whether fatally or not is not yet known. The settlers there are alarmed, and have just sent to me for troops. I shall send a detachment there the moment there is any number of men returned from the field. Before going to San Francisco, I had sent Company A, Second Infantry California Volunteers (late Captain Smith's), to take post at Yager Creek, just beyond Hydesville, for the protection of that neighborhood as well as other purposes, but the urgent call from Mattole Valley had induced Colonel Olney to send fifteen men of that company thither, and the sudden outbreak on Mad River on the 7th instant made it necessary, in his opinion, to order the remainder of the company to proceed in that direction. I am every moment expecting the return of some of the troops from the field, or at least a report of their whereabouts. If I hear nothing from them by to-morrow morning, I shall send out in quest of them and direct the immediate return of a sufficient force to protect Arcata, which is in an exposed situation, and therefore in some danger of being attacked. The whole number of Indian prisoners now at this post is 257. Exclusive of the garrisons at Fort Bragg and Fort Ter-Waw, which are virtually out of reach, the whole number of effective men for garrison and field duty in this district is at present about 400, while the field of operations extends over about 2,700 square miles of the most difficult country on the face of the globe. The numerous settlements to be protected are scattered over a zone embracing about 2,000 square miles. I am doing the best I can with the materials I have, whatever opinion the people here may have upon the subject. Under existing circumstances the general commanding the department will no doubt approve of my delaying for the present to send a company to Round Valley, in Mendocino County. I shall do so as soon as the settlements around the bay are in comparative security. The detachment at Elk Camp from Fort Ter-Waw, the garrison of which is ordered to Smith's River, will be relieved by another from Fort Gaston. I inclose a requisition from Captain Gibbs, Second Infantry California volunteers, commanding Company E, for 10,000 rounds of ball cartridge. I hope it will be answered without delay, as Captain Gibbs has but 200 rounds on hand. A portion of it I can have divided with other companies that may be in want.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Infantry California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.

Major R. S. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, June 25, 1862.

MAJOR: By the official report* of Lieutenant Myers, Third California Volunteer Infantry, received June 12, I find that the three soldiers

---------------

*See June 11, p. 85.

---------------

