
had been here in the difficulty of 1856, they had no desire or wish to be again if the place was attacked, so they intended to leave and ago down the river near Vancouver. The people were evidently alarmed, and from what I can gather were much more so about a week ago thatn at the time of my arriva. The general impression here, as far as I am ans to join in a war against the whites and attack the Cascades. The proposition, I am told, was made by Tim-e-tos whilst under the influence of liquor and on a visit to the Portage (Oregon side). He then returned to the Klickitat country without going to Oregon City, as was reported. Blan-a-har denies all knowledge of such propositions or that an attack is to be made, says he will give information of anything of the kind as soon as he hears it; that he has not forgotton the good advice given him by Colonel Wright several years ago. The impression seems to have been than an attack would have been made had not their plans become known and from the fact that Colonel Wright acted so promptly in the matter. The arrival of my command has evidently had a very good effect upon the Indains and allayed the excitement amongst the whites. I have seen but two persons who reside at the Upper Cascades, and they tell me an attack was apprehended up there about a week ago, but now there seemed to little or no fear of it, at least for the present. I can hear of no strange or other Indians in the mountains on this side of the river nearer than the berry patch in the Klickitan country, about twenty-five miles up Wind River, where many Indians usually resort for berries about this season of the year. I hear of some Indians at the berry patch on the mountains opposite here, but the report received was not very definite. Upon the arrival of Captain Van Voast with his company I hope to be able to find out somethin more definite. I except two Indians from the Oreqon side of the Portage this morning and hope to get some information by which I can act promptly and with effect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. BLACK,

Captain, Ninth Infantry, Commaning Detachment.

[Inclosure.] AUGUST, 23, 1861 - 12:45 p. m.

Colonel WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commanding District of Oregon:

Mr. Attwel informs me that certain rumors have been afloat that he upper country Indians were in the huckleberry patch, ready at short notice to make an attacke on the Cascades. This report was gotten up by Indians who were intoxicated, and believes that it is not so, although he has no doubt but that Indian spies often come here to get these Indians to joint them; but the Cascade tribe say that they are not willing to join them for fear that the soldiers will hang them as they did before in the year of 1856. Also that the excitement had been very great here, causing families to leave for Portland and The Dalles for protection, but that he believes that at present there is but little or no danger.

AUGUST 23, 1861-1 p. m.

The steamer is in sight, and having seen Mr. Attwell from the Oregon side-Upper Cascades-he has written the above, which I hasten to send over to the steamer that the colonel may receive it with my report

