
of to-day. Mr. Attwell has lived here since 1852. I send this report to the colonel in this irregular way as I have no time to copy it before the steamer leaves, and am anwious that is should be received to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. BLACK,

Captain, Ninth Infantry, Commanding Detachment.

FORT CASCADES, WASH. TER., August 23, 1861.

Lieutenant A. C. WILDTRICK,

Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that Captain Van Voast, Ninth Infantry, with his company (K), forty enlisted men, joined me at this post about 2:30 o'clock to-day. He reports to me that more than "one non-commissioned officer and ten men" were kept back at Fort Dalles, Oreg., by Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel R. C. Buchanan, major Fourth Infantry, commanding thas post. For the information of the colonel commanding I inclose herewith a copy of the order deeping these men at Fort Dalles, Oreg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. BLACK,

Captain, Ninth Infantry, Commanding U. S. Troops at Cascades.

[Inclosure.] SPECIAL ORDERS, FORT DALLES, OREG., Numbers 11. August 22, 1861.

I. In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 28, from headquarters District of Oregon, August 20, 1861, Captain James Van Voast, Ninth Infantry, will immediately proceed with his company to the Cascades and report to Captain H. M. Black, Ninth Infantry.

II. Captain Van Voast will leave a non-commissioned officer and ten men at this post in addition to the sick, hospital cook, and general prisoners undergoing sentence.

III. The assistant quartermaster will funrish the necessary transportation.

By order of Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Buchanan:

ROBT. N. SCOTT,

Second Fitzgerald, Cal., August 24, 1861.

Captain R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Your letter of August 19, stating that 150 stand of arms have been ordered to be shipped to me, has just been received. No man will get a musket from me except he be a member of the home guard, and takes the oath of allegiance to the United States. The invitation inclosed shows the willingness to take the oath.

I am, captain, your most obedient servant,

JNO W. DAVIDSON,

Captain of First Dragoons, Commanding.

