
[Inclosure.] LOS ANDGELES, August 24, 1861.

Captain J. W. DAVIDSON,

First Dragoons, U. S. Army:

CAPTAIN: The members of the home guard will convene at their armory this evening at 8 o'clock for the purpose of taking the oath, &amp;c. If convenient we would be pleased to have your presence upon the occasion.

Very respectfullly, yours,

A. B. HAYWARD,

Chairman of Committee.
HEADQUARTERS,Captain Fitzgerald, Cal., August 24, 1861.

Captain R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco:

CAPTAIN: I report that I have changed the position of my camp (no farther from Los Angeles, however), to better ground and nearer the water, the advantages beside of having less dust to annoy men and horses, and change of scene. The camp is also in more compact shape. The horses of the squadron since being in camp have deteriorated at least 20 per cent. in spirit, flesh, and general fitness for service, owing to their being fed in nose-bags and tied to the picket-lines during the day, exposed to the scorching sun. I have had troughs built at the lines and the spare paulins in the quartermaster's depatrment stretched on frames over the horses, and expect to show a marked chauge in them for the better. Dispensing with drills now and them and encouraging the men to play at footbal and to bathe at those times has had good effect. They seem to wear a more cheerful air, and the number of desertions has diminished. Arrangements have been made with the Catholic bishop of this diocese to hold divine service in camp every alternate Sunday. This will have effect with the native Californians and show them that they and the troops have a common sympathy upon this ground. The vicar-general (Father Rabo) assures me and authorizes me to use his name to the general, that the greater proportion of the Californias are friendly to the Government, and that the ideas to the contrary which have been entertained about those of this county are groundless.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

JNO W. DAVIDSON,

Captain, Frist Draggoons, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Forth Vancouver, Wash. Ter., August 24, 1861.

Captain H. M. BLACK,

Ninth Infantry, Commanding U. S. Troops at Cascades, Wash. Ter.:

CAPTAIN: I have received your reports of yesterday. Make a thorough eximination of the country and the Indians at and about the Cascades. Unless there should be a necessity for your remaining at the Cascades I shall order you down the latter part of next week, and in that event Captain Vn Voast will remain for the present with his company, garrisoning both extremes of the line. Captain Van Voast

