
will send a provision return for his company for the month of September to Major Babbitt. The rations can be sent up on the 30th instant. Fresh beef can be sent up three times a week by the boat.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Brigader, Utah Ter., August 25, 1861.

Major J. H. CARLETON,

First Dragoons, U. S. Army, Commanding Volunteers:

MAJOR: Having learned that a number of volunteers under your command are about to leave California to take post along the Overland Mail Route, I consider it my duty to give you information with regard to the facilities afforded by this post for occupation by a portion of your command should it be desirable to occupy it. The post, as you may be aware, is pleasantly situated of Black's Fort of Green River, having several branches with fine running water through and near the post. Four companies could immediately find pleasant quarters and in a short time a number of other buildings sufficient to accommodate, and equal number could be reparired. There are six sets of officer's quarters with four rooms each, two of them having kitches detached. There is one stable fit for immediate use which will accommodate ninety horses, and another which will accommodate ninety horses, and another which will require considerable repairs before being fit for use. It would hold about fifty animals. The material for repairing could be obtained at the post. There are 200 head of commisary beef-cattle here. There are 400 bales and 300 boxes of clothing, camp, and garrison equipage, stationery and medical stores at the post. Most of this was removed from Fort Crittenden when that post was abandoned and stored here for the use of the volunteers. The subsistence stores are quite limited in quality. I have 6,000 pounds flour, 3,500 pounds bacon, 1,000 pounds sugar, 200 pounds coffe, 150 pounds rice, and 30 bushels beans, and but a small quality of other stores. The post sulter here has a quantity of subsistence stores purchased at the late sale, which he has made me a written promise to retain until September 20, and sell at reasonable rates should it be necessary to purchase, provided the post should be garrisoned. He has 20,000 pounds States flour, 10,000 pounds bacon, 60 bushels beans, 10 barrels vinegar, 5 barrels molasses, 2,000 pounds sugar, 15 cases desiccated vegetabels, 1,000 pounds tea, 400 gallons vinegar. Stock can be wintered near the post. There it a good sulter's store here, a post-office, adn a telegraph station is expected to be established here by November.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. CLARK,

Captain, Fourth Artillery, Commanding Post.

P. S. -The post sutler, Judge Carter, has contracted to furnish for the post, if needed, 3,000 bushels oats, 90 tons hay, 15 tons straw, and 1,000 cords wood, and states that he is willing to increase the amounts of the several articles to the requirements of the pot. Will you please reply early for the information of the sulter?

J. C. C.

