
FORT HUMBOLDT, CAL., August 25, 1861.

Captain R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt by mail of the 21st instant of Department Special Orders, Nos. 142, 143, and 145, and a letter of the 8th instant relative to establishing a new post to be called Fort Seward. The means of transportation at this pot are not sufficient to pask out the supplies now here for Fort Gaston and to get out the supplies necessary for the new post to last unit the trails are practicable again in the spring. The rainy season (snow in the mountains) usually commences about the middle of October, after which packing over the mountain will be impracticable. The train belonging here is now packing to Fort Gaston. I have, therefore, to ask of the commanding general authority to hire the packing to Fort Gaston to be done by private trains. The coust will be about 4 cents per pound. The Indians referred to in my letter of the 1st instant, numbering about 130, have been camped here under the protection of the troops for a week past, the citizens furnishing them with scanty supplies of provising regard to them, but have not received a reply. Quite a number of them are decrepit and not able to walk that distance. The steam-tug will take them all to the reservation for about $300, but of course I could not go to that expense without authority from department headquarters. I do not like to make any remarks relative to abandonign this post, but I think in my duty to say that I do not doubt that it will be found necessary to re-occupy it again in less than six months.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. LOVELL,

Captain, Sixth Infantry, Commanding Post.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 155. San Francisco, August 26, 1861.

* * * * * * *

2. Lieutenant Colonel Robert C. Buchanan with the regimetal and non-commissioned staff and band of the Fourth Regiment of Infantry will immediately take post at the Preside of San Francisco.

3. Colonel Benjamin L. Beall, First Dragoons, will immediately relieve Colonel George Wright, Ninth Infantry, in command of the Distriuct of Oregon. When relieved Colonel Wright will report at these headquarters without delay.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, August 26, 1861.

Captain WILLIAM H. GARDNER, U. S. Navy,

Commainding Mare Island, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: I have been informed that there are several violent secessionists in the Government employ at Mare Island Navy-Yard. I would respectfully and earnestly represent to you the danger of keeping these

