
as soon as practicable. I would respectfully suggest they be sent by steamer to the mouth of the Colorado River, on account of it being the most expeditious, besides there being a scarcity of water on the desert. You will please forward the inclosed communication to department headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. ANDREWS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Sixth Infantry, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.] PIMA VILLAGES, August 23, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE ANDREWS,

Sixth Infantry, Commanding Fort Yuma:

SIR: Inclosed please find Messilla papers, containing full accounts of the proceedings of the rebels in Eastern Arizona. You will see that they have possession of the entire Territory. Twenty of their troops are Tucson now and 100 more expected in a very few days. The following is an extract from a letter received from the mail agent at Tuscon:

The mail between Tuscon and Messilla will stop for the present, as the country is under martial law.

In case of any demonstration in this direction I will promptly forward the earliest information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. WHITE.

We are out postage stamps, or I should send in the mail.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, August 27, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE WRIGHT,

Ninth Infty., Commanding Dist. of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: The general commanding the department desires that fifteen wagons mules and all the clothing and camp EQUIPAGE on hand at Fort Steilacoom, after deducting a supply for six months for the troops on Puget Sound, to be sent down on the Massachusetts. The Massachustees will be sent to Frot Vancouver in time to meet the mules ordered down from Walla Walla, which she will take on board and come to this city. All the wagons, wagon mules, and garness at Fort Vancouver not required at the troops at that post and First Hoskins and Yamhill, after deducting a supply at each place for six months, to be sent down in the Massachussets. All the wagons, wagon mules, and harness at Fort Dalles not required for the post, and all the clothing and camp EQUIPAGE on hand, after deducting a six months' supply for the troops at that post, will be sent to Vancouver to be forwarded to this city in the Massachusetts. The general Hopes to see you here by the return steamer.

Very respectfully, your obdient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

