SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 31. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., August 27, 1861.

I. Captain H. M. Black, Ninth Infantry, with the detachment of U. S. troops under his command stationed at Fort Cascades, will proceed to Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., by the steamer thence on Friday, the 30th instant.

II. Captain J. Van Voast, Ninth Infantry, with his company (K), will take post at Fort Cascades, garrisoning both extremities of the line.

* * * * * * *

By order of Colonel Wright:

A. C. WILDRICK,First Lieutenant, Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, August 28, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: Your letter of yesterday is received. I regret exceedingly that I have been unable to visit San Francisco during the last week, as I have been most anwious to confer with you in regrd to the recent requistition. You will see that I have lost no time in making the call. I am statified, from the assurances received from the most populous counties of the State, that in two weeks we will have the requisite number of men to fill the requisition. Enlisting is going on rapidly, and the fife and drum are heard in every village. I have repeatedly assured you that none other than those loyal to the General Government would be offered bearing commissions of the State. And surely none entertaining disloyal sentiments to the Federal Governtment would desire to place themselves in a position at once false and dishonorable. As I have repeatedly assured you, there will be no clashing of sentiment on this head. The volunter soldiery of this State desire to be commanded by their own distinguished citizens as far as possible, and I assure you with all candor that if it were differently understood, we would find it exceedingly difficult, if not impossible, to fill the demand of the President. Notwithstanding the pressume of business now pouring in upon me, I will on to-morrow visit San Francisco for the purpose of having a fre and frank interview with you on this subject.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. DOWNEY,

Governor.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., August 28, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Since the arrival of the pony express, with Washington dates of August 16, a rumor has been in circulation that an enlitment of 5,000 additional men from this State has been ordered for service in Texas, to which State they were to proced with all convenient dispatch, under command of General Sumner. This report has caused the most lively apprehensions of danger in our minds, and so deeply are we impressed that your Department is not sensible of the true condition of

