
of the Second California Volunteer Infantry who formed the escort of the train attacked and captured by some fifty Indians at Fawn Prairie, instead of retreating at once kept up a fire on the Indians from a log hut for about half an hour. A concentrated fire upon the hut, which was penetrated by the bullets, obliged them to retire. On the 31st of May Lieutenant Staples, Third California Volunteer Infantry, in a scout on Eel River, surprised a party of twenty of thirty Indians, attacked and routed them, killing 1 buck and capturing 12 squaws and children. The Indians were armed and returned the soldiers' fire. On the 10th of June the same officer returned to Fort Baker from a scout in which he had captured thirty-seven Indians. I have full reports from all the detachments ordered out by Lieutenant-Colonel Olney before my return here. They all show the most active and zealous exertions on the part of both officers and men in quest of the Indians, but, as was to be expected, made without success, as the Indians on committing an outrage invariably scatter in every direction, not over any trails by which they may be tracked, but through the dense timber and chaparral. Captain Ketcham, Third California volunteer Infantry, discovered a small rancheria, which he attacked, killing one Indian. The men had so much difficulty in penetrating through the brush that the rest had plenty of time to escape. The zeal and exertions of Captain Douglas, Second California Volunteer Infantry, cannot be too highly praised. He is now will of a fever caused by fatigue and exposure and disappointment in not finding the Indians. On the 6th [7th] of June Lieutenant Hubbard, Second California Volunteer Infantry, in a scout with twelve men and seven citizens in Mattole Valley, about seventy miles from this post, attacked a party of Indians, killed or mortally wounded 6, and took 6 prisoners; the rest escaped. Two of the killed were recognized as among the worst and most dangerous Indians in that section of country, and one of the prisoners (a boy only twelve years old) was identified as having stolen some arms and ammunition some time before. Lieutenant Hubbard very properly, in my opinion, spared the boy's life, but he reports that he has great difficulty to prevent his being shot down in his own camp, a reward of $100 being offered for his scalp. Among those Indians now at this post who came in voluntarily and delivered themselves up on my pledge of protection is a Bear River Indian named Bob, who it now appears killd a white man in October last. On examining into the case I find that it was in self-defense against a party of white Indian killers who had attacked him. But apart from this, deeming it both wrong and highly impolitic to take his life under the circumstances, I have directed him to be simply kept in a cell until he can be sent away, the partner of the man killed assuring me that he is a dangerous Indian, and that his life would not be safe unless he were closely guarded. I have now over 300 Indian prisoners at this post and some thirty-five soldiers in confinement awaiting, some their trials, others their sentences. The guard-house is full, and so weakly built that several prisoners have already broken through it and escaped in spite of all the precautions taken. Additional means of securing prisoners are absolutely necessary according to the post commander's official report to me. He asks for twenty pairs of hand-cuffs and ten balls and chains. As none can be bought or properly made here, I respectfully refer his request to department headquarters. Continued scouting through brambles and brush has left a large number of the men without pants. Some twenty-five or thirty of Company F, Second California Volunteer Infantry, for example, are reported to be so entirely destitute as to make it impossible for them to leave the

