
affairs upon tis coast that we most respectfully ask the rescinding of so much of the order as calls for the withdraw of the troops to be raised, and that transfers General Sumner to another field of duty, and thereto we present the following reasons: A majority of our present State officers are undisguised and avowed secessionists, and the balance, being billerty hostile to the Administration, are advocates of a peace policy at any sacrifice, upon terms that would not be rejected even by South Carolina. Every appintment made by our Governor within the past three months unmistakable indicates his entire sympathy and co-operation with those plotting to sever Carolinia from her allegiance to the Union, and that, too, at the hazard of civil war. About three-eighths of our citizens are natives of slaveholding States, and almost a unit in this crisis. The hatred and bitterness toward the Union and Union men, manifested so pointedly in the South and so strongly evinced on the field of battle, is no more intense there than here. These men are never without arms, have wholly laid aside their business, and are devoting their time to plotting, sheming, and organizing. Our advices, obtained with great prudence and care, show us that there are upward of 16,000 "Knights of the Golden Circle" in this State, and that they are still organizing even in our most loyal district. The fruits of so much devotion to the cause of secession and intriguing for its promotion are manifested in the securing of certain timid and ease-loving classes, hailing from free States, styling themselves Union men, but opposed tothe war. Thus is secesion consummanted. Another class, by no means small, powerful through its wealth, has affiliated with the disunionists to avoid and oppose paying a pittance toward maintaining the integrity of the Government in its hour of trial. The native Spanish rece have been persuaded that all real-estate complications will meet with prompt adjustment at the hands of another organization, and the unwarranted doubts, difficulties, and delays that have characterized the action of the administrative branch of the Government in the final adjustment of titles under Mexican grants furnish an argument to ignorant men that human ingenuity cannot answer. The squatter and lawless trespasser, having litihated with the landed proprietor for years in his own name and that of his Government, is made to believe that no change can result to his disadvantage; that principles established by the Federal courts will be overturned, and Mexican grants only known in history. Upon these several subjects, which comprise the prominent points of our present position, electioneering pamphlets, resolutions, platforms, speeches, and circulars are distributed with an unflagging industry, and are placed in the hands of every voter in the State. The special object of this extraordinary effort is to carry the State election, which takes place one week from to-day, September the 4th. In this campaign the Union voters are unfortunately divided, and the best-devised plans have failed to unite them. The secessionists, the Douglas party, and the Republicans have each a full ticket in the field, country may triumph. Should such be the case, civil stife would be forced upon our loyal population, and the most prosperous State in the Union would be desolated and destroyed. The frightful scenes now transpring in Missouri would be rivaled by the atrocities enacted upon the Pacific Coast. Loyalty and partiotism embrace within their firm grasp the body of the wealth and intelligence of California, and an attempt at a severance will be contested with inflexible determination. We need not remind you of the vast importance of preserving California to the Union. Its great geographical extent, its mineral and agricultural wealth, the fact that it is our chief seat of empire upon the

