
important that you should know of this report; for if it was true, I did not believe you would keep such people for an hour. You misunderstand me entirely. I have not the slightest apprehension that the Government will sustain any loss of property in California.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, August 28, 1861.

Colonel WASHINGTON SEAWELL,

Sixth Regiment of Infantry, Commanding Benicia Barracks, Ca.:

SIR: The general commanding the departmetn desires you to move the company of infantry commanded by Lieutenant Upham, Sixth Infantry, from the ordnance building it now occupies, and place them in camp sufficeintly near the arsenal building to give the necessary protection.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT CASCADES, WASH, TER., August 28, 1861.

Lieutenant A. C. WILDRICK,

Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General,

Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

LIEUTENANT: Since my last report on the 26th instant I sent Captain Van Voast with a party to examine an old trail which comes into the river (Oregon side) at Eagle Creek. He started early in the morning, and followed said trail unitl all signs and traces of it disappeared, when he continued on until it became dangerous for himself and command to climb over the rocks, &amp;c. He reports that he saw no signs of Indians, and thinks that neither white man nor Indian had ever been to the point he reached. I also started with a party the same morning and at the same time to examine the country lying to the north of this post and back of the Portage, on this side of the river. Mr. Jones, late sutler's agent at this post, and Mr. Hamilton kindly volunteered to accompany me, and I found them of great assistance. We followed the military road as far as the bridge; then turnce to the left into the woods; followed an old wood road for about a mile, then struck into the woods without a trail, but by the compass nearly north, to strike a lake which lies back of the Upper Cascades, and after a very tiresome march over very high hills, covered with rocks, and through very thick underbrush, we succeeded in our reaching this Blue Lake. Saw no Indian signs whatever, and I think I may safely say that we were the first whites who had ever reached that lake, or chain of lakes, so high up from this side or end of the Portage, and it is a question if many, or any, Indians had ever done so. We then struck a trail and came to the river a short distance above Mr. Bradford's store, at the Upper Cascades, and got upon the military road at a lake near the Upper Cascades, thence back to this post. I have nothing further to add to my previous reports.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. BLACK,

Captain, Ninth Infantry, Commanding U. S. Troops at Cascades.

