
it to be a duty to the general to let him know precisely the state of things on this coast. Up to the time of the reverse in Virginia everything was perfectly safe here. There has always been a strong secesion party in this State, but it was overawed and kept quiet. Since that news was received these people have been getting much bolder, and I have found it necessary to take strong measures to repress any attempt on their part to thwart the Governmetnt. I think I can do it; but if they should succed in electing their candidate for Governor, of with they are very confident, I shall not be able to do it without the most strigents measures. The Union party here is divident, and neither portion of it will sacrefice their trifling local interests for the public good; and as the disunionists are very active zealous I am by no means certain that they will not carry the election. Their numbers are variously estimated from 25,000 to 45,000 voters. I shall get the force authorized to be raised here into my hands as soon as possible; but it will take some time to do this. It is a very different thing to raise volunteers in a State where there is a strong party opposed to the Government from what it is where all are loyal. I shall lose no time in organizing this force and getting it ready for any emergency.

In marching to Texas I would respectfully represent that Guaymas will be much better point of departure than Mazatlan. The roads and country form the former are much better that from the latter, and the distance is but little more. I suppose, however, that the route must depend upon the one taken by the secessionists, if they should move in this direction. If they should make no movement hitherward, and the object of my expedition should be to recover and hold Texas, I would respectfully suggest whether it would not be a more feasible plan to take my command by sea to some point in Texas, there to meet such and additional-force from the North as the commanding general might think necessary. This plan would give me the necessary munitions, which it would be impossible for me to carry across the continent; besides this, a march at the usual rate across those deserts would unevitably unfit volunteers for some time for efficient service in the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp near San Bernandino, Cal., August 30, 1861.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. Army,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: From information this day received I have thought it advisable to order the two companies of dragoons from Los Angeles to this place. Although authorized to withdraz more, if necessary, I am in hopes that the mounted troops will suffice. I have been informed that the secessionists contemplated attacking my command while in route to this place, but as we were here much sooner than expected the secessionists were not prepared. I have also been notified that in secret meetings it has been determined to attack my camp on or before Wednesday next, but I hope nothing of the kind will happen. If General Sumner has any instructions to give me please send them by telegraph without delay.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SCOTT KETHCUM,

Major Fourth Infantry, Commanding.

