HEADQUARTERS,Camp near San Bernandino, Cal., August 30, 1861 - 10:30 p. m.

Captain J. W. DAVIDSON, or

COMMANDING OFFICER CAMP FITZGERALD,

Near Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR: I has been reported to me that forty dragoons are join the secessionests from your command, adn that is has been arranged that they shall leave their companies while eatering their horses. I feel it my duty to warm you, in order that none but Union men should be brought to this section of the country, if it can be avoined. When I sent my express to-day I of course knew nothing of the report now communicated to you. The watering place referred to tis at or near your camp in Los Angeles. The reported officers your men are to unite with are Captain Kelsey, First Lieutenant Taylor or Major Rollins, and Second Lieutenant William Ferguson.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Major Fourth Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Fitzgerald, Cal., August 30, 1861.

Captain R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco:

CAPTAIN: My letter of August 24 will explain what kind of sheld have been erected over the horses. They are paulin sheds strethced on scantling frames. The canvas was to spare in the quartermaster's department. I shall, however, be more careful in future with regard to departmetn. I shall, however, be more careful in future with regare to any expense, in obedience to the general's directions. I leave here to-morrow morning accompanied by the U. S. marshal with sixty dragoons for Bear and Holcomb Valleys. I shall turn over the command of this camp to First Lieutenant Montgomery Bryant, Sixth Infantry, during my absence, with directions to keep his men in hnd pending the election, and in their camp. I shall advice Major Ketchum of where I am going and for what object.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

JNO W. DAVIDSON,

Captain, First Dragoons, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, August 31, 1861.

IRA P. RANKIN, Esq.,

Collector of the Port, San Francisco, Ca.:

SIR: The general commanding the department desires me to request that you would deatin any arms shipped either to ports in the southern part of this State or in the Republic of Mexico on this coast.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

