
Colt pistols, navy pattern, if they are desired. The rifles are on hand at this arsenal.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McALLISTER,

Captain of Ordnance, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Captain Fitzgerald, Cal., August 31, 1861.

Captain R. C. DRUM

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco:

CAPTAIN: As stated in my letter of the 30th instant, I left here this morning, in company with the U. S. marshal, with sixty dragoons. The inclosed letter overtook me on the road, with orders to go san Bernandino with my squadreon. * I shall leave in obedience to this at 1 o'clock, and by judicious reding be in San Bernandino to-morrow. I shall take with me a howitzer, covered in a wagon, to leave with Major Kethcum, should he desire it. As I am well advised through the Union Club here, and through spies, of all moves of the secessipnist, and would know at least some days beforehand of a contemplated attack either here or at San Bernardino, I place no reliance upon the report. I shall leave my tents standing in my camp, but in obedience to the major's orders report to him, taking with me 1 officer, 90 men and horses, 1 gun, 10 days' provisions, and 6,000 rounds of ammunition. The depot quartermaster has gone over to San Bernardino, which eripples me a little, but I can get go public wagons. These will be enough, and there is not, I understand, a month's supply of subsistence at the depot to take with me, though the major wishes me to do so. I pray the secessionists may attack me on the road, if they are after anybody. I think my nenety dragoons can give a good account have the marshal with me, and urge the major to permit me to execute the general's directions about the deserters in Holcomb. Bryant is left in command here. He is a good officer, clear head, and will keep matters strainght on election day.

I am, captain, your most obedient servant,

JNO W. DAVIDSON,

Captain, First Dragoons, Commanding.

FORT TER. WAW, CAL., August 31, 1861.

Major RICHARD C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal:

MAJOR: In accordance with the direction of the general commanding, I have the honor to report my arrival at this post on the 28th unltimo [instant], and its occupation by Company C, Fourth Infantry. I found upon my arrival at Crescent City that the stock of barley (11,000 pounds) left by Lieutenant Turner in charge of Mr. Snider had been sold and transported to Crescent city; also two wagons. I have re-purchased one of the wagons and contracted for a supply of grain to be delivered here (10,000 pounds). I found nothing worth taking up on my returns of the property left by Lieutenant Turner except two

---------------

* Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

