
stoves and two pairs of andirouns and a whale-boat, with will serve our purposes for a time. apart from the item of transportation ($25 to $30 per ton from Crescent City), this post is not an expensive tone to keep up. Half the forage allowance will be sufficient, and fine beef-cattle can be purchased on the hoof from responsible parties for 5 cents or less. The Indian population are quiet and well disposed. Mr. Snider found no difficulty, I believe, in preserving and turning over to me in good order the buildings, garden, &amp;c. There are no post records left behind.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

L. C. HUNT,

Captain, Fourth Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., August 31, 1861.

Captain R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: Circumstances may rencder it necessary for me to call for a few volunteers, and in order to be prepared to muster them in properly I will thank you for muster-rolls, &c., or any instructions on the subject which will enable me to act knowngly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., August 31, 1861.

Colonel B. L. BEALL,

First Dragoons, Commanding District of Oregon:

SIR: The general commanding the department has reason to fear that in the event of volunteers being called for from the State of Oregon, agreeably to the authourity granted from these headquarters, the officers selected may not polless that charakcter for loyalty to the General Government essentially necessary in those occupying so important a position. Should you think it necessary to call into service a force fro the object indicated in former letters from any portion of your district, the general is particularly desirous that to one should be mustered into service "about whose loyalty to the National Government there is the shadow of a doubt. "

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, August 31, 1861.

Messers. B. J. PINGREE, GEORGE H. BELDEN, and others,

Eugene City, Lane County, Oreg.:

GENTLEMEN: I am directed by the general commanding the department to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 22nd instant, and to say in reply that the commander of the District of Oregon has been authorized, should there exist a necessity for so doing, to muster into service a sufficient volunteer force for the protection of the

