
remote settlements therei against incursions of hostile Indians. By this day's mail he will receive further instructions to exercise great caution in the examination of the persons selected as officers for this force and under no circumstances to accept the services of anyone "about whose loyalty to the Nation Government there is the shadow of a doubt" This, the general thinds, will frustrate any plans on the part of the secessionists to place their friends in positions dangerous to the State. The general highly approves of the position for the formation of companies of home guards, and would suggest that in every community an aorganization of this character should be formed, consisting of from 80 to 100 men, select theirs officers, have a general place of rendezvous, and drill at such times most convenient to the citizens. Should an emergency arrise making in necessary to call upon the citizens on this coast to thus assista in maintaining the authority of our Government, these companies would possess sufficient instruction to act in concert with the regular or volunteer forces. There will be no difficulty in supplying arms to the loyal citizens, and when the time arrives they will be promptly furnished. As no copy of the days laws passedat the recent session of Congress has been received here, there is consequently no knowledge of how far they may strengthen the hands of the civil or military officers. The general would suggest that a strict watch be kept upon the individuals most suspected and to ascertain where the arms alluded to are kept, so that at the proper time prossession can be taken of them. Your suggestion with reference to the disposition of the regular force in the District of Oregon will be properly condsidered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PLEASANT HILL, OREG., September 1, 1861.

Colonel G. WRIGHT,

Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: From reprots from persons residing east of the Cascade Mountains it would seem there are fears of a general outbreak of the Indians inhabiting that section of country. A combination of these Indians for the purpose of a war upon the whites would at this time be very disastrous to both Oregon and Washington Territory. I, of course, feel much solicitude in this matter, and have propsed to visit The Dalles at an early day and obtain such information touching the hostile sentiments of the Indians as may be elicited at that place. I have, however, thought in proper to address you this note and respectfully inquire whether the forces under your command are sufficient to force these Indians to keep the peace, and if the country may rely upon your action for protection.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN WHITEAKER.

FORT CASCADES, WASH. TER., September 1, 1861.

First Lieutenant A. C. WILDRICK,

Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: For the information of the colonel commanding the district I have the honor to report that I have caused the Cascade Indians to

