
camp, however urgently their services may be needed. As Regimental Quartermaster Swasey has none on hand, I shall direct him to purchase if possible, such a number as is absolutely needed, trusting that a supply with be sent here from below at the earliest possible moment. A further supply of shoes will also be needed very soon, they being rapidly used up by men in the field.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second California Vol. Infantry, Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific.

P. S. - After having awaited for the steamer for a long time in vain, Lieutenant Hanna sent down the court-martial records in the cases already completed yesterday by mail.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, [July 12, 1862].

MAJOR: About two weeks since Loball's ranch and the mail station on the Van Dusen River were attacked and destroyed by Indians. A detachment of Company A, Second Infantry California Volunteers, then stationed on Yager Creek, a few miles distant, went immediately in pursuit, but returned in a few days without having succeeded in finding them. A few days since a band of ten Indians attacked and robbed the house of one Cutterback, about two miles from Cooper's Mills, where there is a small detachment of the Second Cavalry California Volunteers, which on being informed of it hurried to the spot; but the Indians had escaped before their arrival and our men were not able to find them. Mrs. Cutterback was slightly wounded in the side by a rifle-ball. In all these attacks the Indians found fire-arms and ammunition, which was probably their chief object. Night before last four citizens were attacked by a party of Indians in ambush on Mad river eight miles beyond Fort Baker. One of them was killed. Another, who was wounded, crawled into the woods and has not yet been heard of. The other two escaped. One of them carried the news to Fort Baker, where I doubt not Captain Ketcham promptly took such measures as the occasion required. On the 2nd of July Lieutenant Gonnisson, of Company E, Second Infantry California Volunteers, returned from a scout with thirty-five Indian prisoners. A few days since Sergeant Wyatt with a detachment of Company K, Second Infantry California Volunteers, stationed at Camp Olney, on Mattole River, returned to camp from a scout in which he had killed 1 Indian and took 7 prisoners. The number of Indians now confined at this post is 365. Several have died, probably owing to the close confinement, to which they are unaccustomed. Owing to the freshet it was impossible for the troops to get to their camps in the interior until the 20th of March. As some indication of the activity they have displayed since that time, I beg leave to state that the number of reports of scouts already received is forty-three, and that most of them were scouts of fifteen days each. In consequence of Captain Akey's former requisitions for ammunition not having been answered, I have been compelled in one or two instances to authorize the purchase of powder and lead when his men had to be sent into the field. I inclose a fresh requisition from him. I am happy to state that the discipline of Company

