
move from the Uper to the Lower Cascade, in order that I might keep a more strict surveillance over their movements and actions, and also over the movements of any strange Indians who might visit them. I have established one non-commissioned officer and ten men at the Upper Cascades, on the south side. All public as well as private stores now pass over the road on the south side, which has therefore now become the most important. The works on this side are of such magitude that the railroad on the north side will seldom, if ever, be used again. I am informed that the citizens on the north side are quite well supplied with arms and ammuniton, and as they have the block-house near at hand I consider them perfectly safe. If there is any danger to be apprehended, I should look for it on the south side, and particularly should I look for it there if no troops were present. These consideration have induced me to establish my party on this side. By means of boats I shall have easy access to the Oregon side at all times, and constant communication will be kept up between the commands.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

JAS. VAN VOAST,

Captanin, Ninth Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, September 2, 1861.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Los Angeles, Cal.:

Two companies of the Sixth Infantry at Los Angeles will proceed without delay to Fort Yuma.

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, September 2, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE ANDREWS,

Sixth Infantry, Commanding Fort Yuma, Cal.:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding the department to inform you that telegraphic orders have this day been sent to Los Angeles directing, the two companies of infantry at that point to proceed immediately to Fort Yuma. In thus complying with your request the general considers that your command will be sufficiently strong to resist successfully any attack that may be made. at all events, under no circumstances whatever will any regular force in this military department surrender to the rebels. The position of the force sent you (being the only availabel one) made it necessary to send it overland to save time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXETUVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, Cal., September 2, 1861.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: The first requisition made upon this State for 1,500 volunteers has been filled and the command given to Colonel Carleton. It having

