
been intimated by the War Department that it was your desire that this officer should have the command, I cheerfully complied, as I had every confidence in his experience, patriotism, and gallantry. I would now represent to your Excellency that the command of this expedition to Utah is a most important one, and will embrace a jurisdiction of some 1,500 miles. As colonel, he will have command of the First California Infantry and the First California Cavalry, being more than a colonel's command and less than that of a brigadier. I would respectfully ask, on behalf of the State, that this be created a separate department, and that Colonel Carleton be appointed brigadier-general of this brigade. I trust you will at once see the benefits that will result from this course. As it is remote from headquarters on the Pacific, and being subject to have all communications cut off for four months in the year by snows, the officer in command of this department should be invested with ample power to act as circumstances might require. Besides, California has not yet been honored with a military appointment of this rank, and should your Excellency deem it advisable to accede to this request, I know of no man more deserving than Colonel Carleton, nor one who would reflect more credit upon the State, or give more satisfaction to the General Government.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. DOWNEY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, September 2, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN G. DOWNEY,

Governor State of California, Sacramento City, Cal.:

GOVERNOR: I would respectfully and earnestly request that you will push forward as rapidly as possible the raising of the five regiments called for by the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, September 2, 1861.

Major WILLIAM S. KETCHUM,

Fourth Infantry, Commanding at San Bernardino, Cal.:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding the department to inform you that necessity has compelled the withdrawal of two companies of infantry at Los Angeles for service at Fort Yuma. The squadron of dragoons still at that point will, the general hopes, enable you to sustain the authority of the Government and protect the public property.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp near San Bernardino, Cal., September 2, 1861.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. Army,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Captain Davidson's command of dragoons reached this place this day. In my opinion circumstances require that I should detain

