
him at this place until after the election, when, unless disappointed in my expectations, he can carry out such instructions as he may have received from department headquarters. I am much in want of a good physician, company officers, and recruits.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Major Fourth Infantry, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, September 2, 1861-3. 45 p. m.

Colonel B. L. BEALL,

First Cavalry, Fort Vancouver:

(Via Yreka.)

The horses and horse equipments pertaining to Whittlesey's company will be turned over to the company of Oregon volunteers. The dragoon horses and horse equipments belonging to the company at Walla Walla will be brought to the city. Recall the detachment at Warm Springs.

By order:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, Cal., September 3, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your telegraph dispatches of August 14 and 15, the former being a requisition for four regiments of infantry and one regiment of cavalry, and the latter recommending General D. D. Colton as colonel of cavalry. I received the above dispatches on August 23, and on the 24th issued my proclamation, as you will see above [following]. The first requisition for one regiment of infantry and five companies of cavalry is now complete, and I have no doubt that after the election (September 4) the last requisition will also be filled. I have tendered the colonelcy of the second regiment of cavalry to General D. D. Colton, as you desired, and he has accepted the same and will soon be on active duty. I have also the honor to acknowledge the receipt this day of your letter by pony express, being a duplicate of the requisition sent by telegraph.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. DOWNEY,

Governor.

[Inclosure.] PROCLAMATION.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, Executive Department:

Whereas, by an additional communication from the Secretary of War, bearing date August 14, A. D. 1861, to the Executive of this State directed, the President of the United States has called for four regiments of infantry and one regiment of cavalry, to be placed at the disposal of Brigadier General E. V. Sumner, U. S. Army, "organized, equipped, and mustered into service by the State of California, such call being made in pursuance of the act of Congress passed July 19, 1861, entitled `An act to authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting public property: '"

Now, therefore, I, John G. Downey, Governor of the State of California, and commander-in-chief of the militia, &amp;c., of the same, do

