
hereby authorize and call upon the citizens, as many as shall be necessary to fill up the preceding requisition, to immediately form and organize themselves into "volunteer companies," in accordance with the directions and requirements stated in sections 17, 18, and 19 of the statutes of this State, entitled "An act in relation to the militia of the State," approved May 9, 1861. Said companies will be accepted and mustered into service according to the priority of the receipt by the adjutant-general of the State of the certificate of organization mentioned in section 18 of said act and reported by that officer to the commander-in-chief; the infantry companies to consist of any number between 88 and 101, and the cavalry companies of any number between 79 and 95, officers inclusive; the commissioned officers of each company to consist of one captain, one first lieutenant, and one second lieutenant. The commander-in-chief will proceed forthwith to organize the regiments aforesaid out of said companies according to their priority and in conformity to law.

While the act of Congress aforesaid requires "the governors of States furnishing volunteers to commission the field, staff, and company officers requisite," the commander-in-chief will in all cases give preference to the officers elected by the respective companies, provided that they are competent and pass examination before the military board already appointed by the United States officer commanding Pacific Division, San Francisco. Volunteer companies already organized and commissioned are expected to report forthwith to the adjutant-general, tendering their services to meet the requirements of this proclamation. Companies tendering their services will expressly state whether they are infantry or cavalry.

In witness whereof I have set my hand and caused the great seal of State to be affixed. Done at Sacramento, Cal., this 23rd day of August, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

[SEAL.]

JOHN G. DOWNEY,

Governor.

Attest:

JOHNSTON PRICE,

Secretary of State.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 20. San Francisco, September 3, 1861.

No Federal troops in the Department of the Pacific will ever surrender to rebels.

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, September 3, 1861.

Lieutenant MONTGOMERY BRYANT,

Los Angeles, Cal.:

The camp will not be abandoned. If Company K is without an officer, direct Lieutenant McKee to assume command of camp until Davidson returns. Report the time of your departure for Yuma.

By order:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

