HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 3, 1861.

Captain R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: Colonel Beall is here, but I have not yet transferred to him my command. He is totally unacquainted with affairs in this district, and it is of importance that before relinquishing the command I should put in a train of execution all the recent orders and instructions from department headquarters. Nothing of interest in relation to our Indian affairs has transpired since I last addressed you. The disposition I have made of the troops will, I think, check the disaffected and preserve peace. I have been quite indisposed for several days, and had it not been a military necessity for me to defer my departure for San Francisco [sic]; yet I have not been well enough to travel under any circumstances. I am now better, and hope to report at department headquarters on the return of the steamer which succeeds the Cortez.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, September 4, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER,

U. S. Army:

GENERAL: Your favor of yesterday is received. It will afford me much gratification to commission your son, E. V. Sumner, Jr. You will please indicate what regiment you desire him to be attached to. The companies for the new cavalry regiment are filling up and will begin to report at headquarters next week. As soon as Colonel Carleton's command is fully they should move off and make room for the new regiment that will be coming in. I wish that you would see that the companies now filled (both infantry and cavalry) would be named in the order they are to sand in their regiments. I desire this, that the commissions may issue to the officers, and that we can keep our record in this office as th commissionstance, the first company filled let it be called Company A, First Regiment California Volunteers. So with the cavalry lieutenants who may never fill their companies or take any interest in so doing. Even if this course indicated should be a departure from the usual army regulation, it will work well in this instance and prevent confusion; besides, it will create a competition among the several officers insuring that their companies are first filled. I would suggest, general, that among all the colonelcies that are spoken of there will be none who will need the experience of an army officer for second in command, as that of Lippitt's. You will find this out before you are many days in the field. I got my information from those who served with him before, and am, I assure you, entirely unprejudiced in the matter; but as you will have control of the expedition I suppose you will be particular in inquiring into the capacity of those under your command.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN G. DOWNEY.

Please inform me if Colonel Carleton's command will accompany you.

J. G. D.

