
detachment to join their company at Benicia. The quartermaster will furnish the necessary transportation.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, September 5, 1861.

Major W. S. KETCHUM,

Commanding San Bernardino, Cal.:

An exigency has made it necessary to send the two infantry companies from Los Angeles to Fort Yuma. If you think it necessary send a part of your command to replace them.

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp near San Bernardino, Cal., September 5, 1861.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. Army,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Yesterday was election day, which passed off at San Bernardino with one or two displays of secession sentiments, which were promptly checked by the show of a portion of the dragoons under Captain Davidson. The citizens of San Bernardino have expressed the belief that the measures taken by the general and the arrangements made by myself prevented great trouble, if not much bloodshed. Bogart, the secession candidate for the State senate, is without doubt elected; also other secessionists for various offices. Captain Davidson left this day at 3 p. m., strengthened by Company F, Fourth Infantry, to execute your instructions, which being executed he will return via this place to his station at Los Angeles. I directed the captain not to divide his command, and be on this section of the country. The secessionists are much more numerous than the Union men in this section of the country, and have talked so much and made so many threats that the Union men were most of them afraid to make known their sentiments. I have been informed that my command arrived about two weeks too soon for the secessionists, and I am satisfied that the sudden and unexpected appearance of the dragoons had a very beneficial effect. I sent to department headquarters the last of the papers placed in my hands for perusal by General Sumner by express to Los Angeles through the commander of said post, who has reported that he forwarded them through the express office. I hope they reached department headquarters safely. Said papers were inclosed in a sealed envelope addressed to yourself; hence I presume that their contents were unknown to any person in this section of the country except myself and the writer thereof. The residue of the papers were returned by Captain Sands, of the Active.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Major Fourth Infantry, Commanding.

