
SEPTEMBER 6, 1861. -The telegraphic dispatch of yesterday was received to-day. Unless circumstances should prevent, the dragoons will return to Los Angeles after visiting Bear and Holcomb Valleys.

W. S. K.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, September 5, 1861.

Captain JOHN W. DAVIDSON,

First Regiment Dragoons, Commanding Camp Fitzgerald, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department has learned with astonishment that you departed from the instructions contained in the letter from these headquarters on the 23rd ultimo, wherein you were specially directed to take with you on the expedition authorized one strong company of dragoons. Subsequent to that date an important movement was ordered, and knowing that one of the dragoon companies was still at that point, the two companies of infantry were ordered to Fort Yuma on very important service, thus leaving a sufficient force to protect the public property in camp and at the depot. The strict observance of all instructions and orders is at all times absolutely necessary. Now more than ever is the necessity of this impressed upon you. Should any evil results attend the noncompliance with orders you have received, you of course perceive that you will be accountable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
HEADQUARTERS MILITIA, OFFICE ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Sacramento, September 6, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: A report having reached hear that James W. Denver, of California, has been appointed and commissioned as a brigadier-general, U. S. Army, to command the troops to be raised in this State, I deem it my duty as a Union man to give you the status occupied by him in the estimation of all true Union men in this State, and especially of those who have manifested their patriotism and loyalty by volunteering their services for the war. Many of the officers who have been mustered into the service openly declare that if General Denver assumes the command over them that they will at once resign; that they have not only no confidence in his loyalty, but on the contrary they believe him to be at least a sympathizer with the rebel cause and opposed to the war, and also that he is totally unfitted in point of military skill or experience to command a brigade. One of their reasons for doubting his loyalty is founded upon a letter of his recently published in a secession paper in this State (the Marysville Express), an extract of which is herewith inclosed, and to which I call your attention. Its authenticity is undoubted. The Union men of this State, who to the number of 90,000 did on the 4th instant pledge the State of California to the support of the Union and the Administration, are surprised and pained beyond measure by the report that this man has been commissioned a brigadier-general. They are utterly at a loss to know why this appointment was conferred upon him, and I know it is

