
Following upon the heels of this letter we have news of his appointment as brigadier-general in the Army of the United States. It is not yet known whether he will accept the position or not, but after the language above used, we do not see how he can. If he enters the Army he will have to uphold the "executive usurpation of power," of which he complains, and carry out, without question, the behests of that Congress which he has pronounced "venal and subservient. " We do not hazard much when we say that if the Government was aware of the sentiments expressed in the above letter the appointment would never have been tendered to him. The general has heretofore been very expert at letter writing, but we are afraid that in this one he has used himself up. His fate is only that of thousands which have preceded him. Before this, letter writing has laid many a politician on the shelf.

[Inclosure No. 2.] ANOTHER DOUGLAS DEMOCRAT SHOWING HIS HAND.

General Denver, an aspirant for the U. S. senatorship on the Douglas ticket, who a short time ago wrote a letter in California in favor of the forcible suppression of the rebellion, now writes from Ohio, according to a letter to his brother which the Marysville Express publishes, bewailing the war, calling Lincoln a usurper of power, the Congress venal and subservient, and free government in danger of being converted into a military despotism. There's another nice Douglas Democrat for you! (Columbia Weekly Times, August 29, 1861.)

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, September 6, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER,

U. S. Army:

GENERAL: Your letter of yesterday is received. I should have immediately acceded to your request in regard to Major A. J. Smith, but on the receipt of General Carleton's telegram I wrote Lieutenant John Kellogg, inasmuch as he had been favorably mentioned by yourself and General Carleton. From the moment you informed me that you were going to take command in person of this expedition I have been animated but with one desire, and that to give you officers of your own choice. If I have varied at all from this, it was for the purpose of facilitating the prompt raising of the men and to prevent any dissatisfaction on the part of the militia officers who were anxious to enter upon active service. Your suggestions in regard to fixing the different rendezvous is excellent, and will be carried out. I am preparing an order to that effect, and only await your determination in regard to the cavalry regiment. You can rest assured I will render you every aid in my power to make the California troops creditable to the State and pleasing to the general commanding.

Very truly, yours,

JOHN G. DOWNEY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., September 6, 1861.

Governor J. G. DOWNEY,

Sacramento City, Cal.:

The appointment of Major A. J. Smith, of the First Dragoons, as colonel of cavalry would be march the best one for the service. Lieutenant

39 R R-VOL L, PT I

