
A, Second Infantry California Volunteers (formerly Captain Smith's), is now completely restored. That company under its new commander (Captain Flynn) has relieved Company K, at Fort Lyon. First Lieutenant Hubbard, of Company K (now here as witness before the court-martial), is stationed at Camp Olney, on the Mattole River, about forty miles south of this place, with a detachment of his own company. I am uniting the scattered detachments of that company and sending them to that station, where a full company is urgently needed, the settlements in Mattole Valley being quite numerous and the Indians there being in great numbers and roving about in large bands. I am now satisfied that all that Company K wants is a good commanding officer, and I intend to give Lieutenant Hubbard ample opportunity to show whether he can become one. Captain Heffernan is still at Fort Lyon in attendance upon his sick wife. I am about to direct him to turn over his company property to Lieutenant Hubbard. A full statement of the matters charged against him as going to shwo his unfitness for command will be sent down by me per next steamer, unless in the meantime he should tender his resignation, which I do not expect he will do.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Infantry California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, August 4, 1862.

MAJOR: Minor's is on the north side of Redwood Creek, on the trail from Arcata to Fort Gaston. Descending the river toward the ocean from Minor's to Fort Anderson, Captain Douglas' post, it is one mile; thence to Whitney's ranch four miles; thence to Albee's, four miles, and thence to Elk Camp, seven miles. Neil's and Williams' are between Albee's and Elk Camp. Some time since a detachment of twenty men was sent from Fort Gaston to Elk Camp, where it relieved a detachment of Captain Stuart's company ordered to Smith's river. Eight of these were detached to Albee's, where they erected a stockade defense. At Whitney's ranch, four miles above Albee's, on the 28th of July, Mr. Whitney had with him two hired men, an Indian boy and Corporal Kennedy and two men of Company F, Second Infantry California Volunteers, whom Captain douglas had been obliged to leave behind, they having given out from fatigue during a scout. One of the hired men having been fired at by an Indian early in the forenoon, he was sent down to Albee's to report the fact. After he left a large band of Indians suddenly surrounded the settlement, killed Mitchell, the other hired man, and Private Campbell, of Company F, and mortally wounded Mr. Whitney himself, who died the next morning. The Indians took from Whitney and Mitchell their two guns and a revolver. Corporal Kennedy, with Private Lee and the Indian boy, bravely held the house (on which fifty bullet holes were afterward counted), continuing to return the Indians' fire till their departure, which was sudden, being caused, apparently, by the approach of Captain Douglas with a detachment, not, however, till they had burnt the barn, which was near the house. What loss was sustained by the Indians is not known, as they always carry away their dead and wounded when practicable. Mr.

