
here for a time would put down this restless and unscrupulous secession party, and prevent any attempt from Texas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, September 7, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE ANDREWS,

Sixth Regiment Infantry, Commanding Fort Yuma, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department desires me to say, in reply to your letter of the 25th ultimo, that Company C, of the Sixth, cannot for the present be relieved from duty at Fort Yuma. The general desires you to use every precaution to secure the safety of your command, and particularly the reliability of the troops. To assist you in the accomplishment of the latter, the general directs me to say that you will be sustained in any stringent measures you may thin it necessary to take.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., September 7, 1861.

Captain R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that information was telegraphed me yesterday from Virginia City that a party of seventy emigrants had been robbed by the Indians somewhere this side of Salt Lake and were left entirely destitute and starving. I immediately sent out a party of dragoons under the command of Lieutenant Baker, First Dragoons, with a supply of provisions to assist them and enable them to reach the settlements, and would respectfully ask the approval of the general commanding the department to the issue made them, as well as what more may be necessary for their immediate wants. A further report will be made on the return of Lieutenant Baker. I learn that the citizens of Virginia City have also sent out provisions and clothing, as they were expected to reach the sink of the Humboldt last evening.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. H. BLAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Dragoons, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, September 8, 1861.

Captain DAVIS A. RUSSELL,

Fourth Infantry, Presidio, San Francisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: I wish you to have all your command and baggage on the wharf at the Point at 9 o'clock precisely to-morrow morning to embark on the Active. On your arrival at San Pedro procure the necessary

