
reports. If twenty-five men would be a sufficient protection, it certainly would seem that those people should take care of themselves just at this time when we have so much on our hands. It is impossible to send regular troops there now, as I am obliged to re-enforce the troops in the southern part of the State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Fitzgerald, Cal., September 9, 1861.

Captain R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN; After executing Major Ketchum's instructions, reported to you in my letter of the 31st ultimo, I started for Holcomb Valley on the evening of the 5th instant, with a company of infantry in addition to my force, but the information which I received during the night of the 5th and morning of the 6th determined me to retrace my steps and move in all haste to Los Angeles. The deserters had gotten news of my march. My examination of the road proved it to be far more difficult for troops than had been reported, and the prosecution of the trip would have involved some eight more days' absence from Los Angeles than I anticipated. Both the marshal and myself agreed that more important interests might be periled at Los Angeles during such absence than good could possibly be done. The information was to the effect that the secessionists had been leaving Holcomb Valley in small parties-where to was unknown; that the design was to concentrate and rob the valleys of San Bernardino and Los Angeles; that the point of concentration was on the Mojave, where some had already arrived; that these parties after concentrating were to move into Somora; that they were in correspondence with one Ramirez, formerly editor to the Clamor Publico, in this county, and who now edits a paper either in Hermosillo or Guaymas; that provisions were being put on the road to Warner's ranch for them, and that one of their expressmen had stated at a station on the road to Holcomb that matters were getting ripe in Los Angeles; that the commanding officer there was all right. (To whom this referred I do not know, but the report would do them as much good as the fact.) These things, weighed with the withdrawal of the two infantry companies from Los Angeles, determined me to return at once, and I sincerely hope the general will approve the step. I arrived here on the 8th. Bryant left on the 9th. The day of the election at San Bernardino I was directed by Major Ketchum to keep my squadron in hand near town to repress disorder, and not to leave until after the polls were closed. At sundown I drove up alone to the polls in a buggy, having been ill all day, and asked the inspector if they were closed. He replied that in a few minutes he would announce it. Meantime many persons gathered around my buggy (there were 200 or 300 people still near the polls), having sticks in their hands, and commenced shouting: "Hurrah for Jeff. Davis! Hurrah for the Southern Confederacy!" Most of the persons had revolvers. One of them said that if the Union men felt themselves stronger there that day, they could beat then robbing and burning any day. I rose up in my buggy and called the attention of the people to the fact that there were men in their midst who openly avowed themselves robbers and house-burners, and gave comfort and heart to the enemies of the country by their shouts, and then turning through the

