
crowd I drove over one man I believe, went down to my camp about 300 yards off, where the squadron was standing to horse, and brought up a platoon of dragoons, and riding into the crowd, stated that I would seize any one who uttered the same cry named above. I told them that free discussion was one thing, and the utterance of treasonable language another; that these men had expressed their opinions in the ballot-box that day, but that openly hurrahing for the Southern Confederacy was seditious, and I, as a Federal officer, was bound to put it down. The Union men, who up to this time had not opened their mouths, then cheered the Federal Government, the Jeff. Davis men slunk away from the crowd, and during the revulsion of feeling I marched my men away. It was a novel position. I hope it will be approved, but I felt I must submit to the defiance and dishearten the Union men, or take the bull by the horns and show them that such conduct will not be, I trust, tolerabled in this State. Please write me if I am correct. I am sadly off for at least one intelligent, earnest officer in this squadron. Cannot one be sent down? It is my bounded duty to inform the general that, if anything should occur to me, the squadron would fall into indifferent hands.

I am, captain, your most obedient servant,

JNO W. DAVIDSON,

Captain, First Dragoons, Commanding.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, September 10, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER,

U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have organized the regiments as follows in annexed schedule,* and fixed their regimental headquarters. I trust it will meet your approval, as I am sure the appointments and localities to which they are assigned will promote the speedy completion of the force called for by the Department. If the field officers can be authorized to examine the officers of the companies it would greatly facilitate matters, as captains and lieutenants cannot well afford to visit San Francisco upon a contingency of their passing the board. The regiments are now arranged as you desired, with the exception of Lieutenant John Kellogg, and I had to make this change in the programme on account of your desiring the appointment of Captain A. J. Smith to command the Second Cavalry Regiment. It has taken some time to make the selection, but there is nothing lost by it, and I doubt exceedingly if there be in the service of the United Statesnteers called into active duty, a better officered expedition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. DOWNEY.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 168. San Francisco, September 10, 1861.

1. The regiment of infantry and battalion of cavalry organized for the protection of the overland route will take up their line of march for the plains, under the command of Colonel James H. Carleton, on the 20th instant.

2. Colonel Thomas Swords, assistant quartermaster, is relieved from duty at these headquarters, and will comply with instructions received from the War Department.

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

