
3. Captain Ralph W. Kirkham, assistant quartermaster, will relieve Colonel Swords as chief quartermaster at these headquarters, and act in that capacity until the arrival of Major E. B. Babbitt, same department.

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BENICIA ARSENAL, September 10, 1861.

Colonel CARLETON,

First Regiment California Volunteers, San Francisco:

SIR: When I was ordered to equip your cavalry by the 1st of September it would have been impossible to have done so without using the old dragoon saddles. I could not have obtained Mexican saddles for all the men in the short time allowed. I explained to you and the general commanding that these saddles had to be repaired, and was ordered to buy Mexican saddles for the California company alone. Major Grier's statement that we could not get the old saddles from Oregon in time rendered it necessary to buy another set of Mexican saddles. Thus you have two companies with Mexican saddles and three with Grimsley's. To fill this requisition I have had to collect everything I had and repair extensively. I expected that the fact of two companies having new saddles and the other three old ones would create discontent, but did not see how to avoid it for want of time allowed me and want of money. The saddles for the Second Regiment of California Volunteers will be ready by the 1st proximo, and if the general sees fit to condemn these saddles because the men would prefer new ones, why, I could issue from that lot. But you must wait until their completion. Now, about the bayonet scabbards. I knew that they were too short for the bayonets, but I believe I told you that all our accouterments on this coast, except those in use by regular troops, were of the old pattern. Mr. Floyd in sending out 10,000 new arms did not see fit to send accouterments, as the former transaction accomplished his object. Among the 10,000 bayonet scabbards on hand at Alcatraz Island some are long and some short. I will try and see what I can do for your command, but some of these very scabbards are being used in the East with this very bayonet in actual warfare, and some of these saddles of which your command complain are bearing soldiers in these saddles of which your command complain are bearingtle. In times like these the arms and strength should be consulted, and not merely the looks. The Ordnance Department ordered sent home for use 30,000 of the very muskets your troops complained of the other day. If you want the blank cartridges you must get a requisition approved by the general for them, as my supply of musket powder is reduced to a few barrels. All the requisitions forwarded to this arsenal contain a full complement of pistols, from eighty-five to ninety-two for each company. I have only issued sixty in accordance with the requisition made by you and approved by the general. If you want new saddles you will have to defer leaving until they are ready, which will be about the 1st proximo. When shall I forward the ammunition directed to you at Fort Churchill and Ruby Valley? I believe in the above you will find answers to all your inquiries contained in your three letters.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McALLISTER,

Captain of Ordnance, Commanding.

