HEADQUARTERS,Camp near San Bernardino, Cal., September 10, 1861.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. Army,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: On the 8th instant I informed you what reports had been made to me respecting a party which was attacked while en route to the mines in Holcomb Valley. Mr. Stemper, who was reported killed, was wounded; jumped off his horse and fired four times at his assailants, two in number, who ran off and left him. Mr. Stemper was shot in the thigh through the flesh, and the ball lodged in his wallet in his trousers' pocket, which saved his life undoubtedly. Mr. Bogan was shot in the shoulder. He is now in San Bernardino and will no doubt recover, as his is a flesh wound only. Mr. Fuller, the expressman, is safe. He jumped off his horse and ran. He thinks those who attacked him secure his horse. Of this however, he has no acknowledge. Fuller, who returned to San Bernardino, says he saw nine persons in the attacking party, and he thinks there were more from the noises heard by him. Mr. Green, the clerk, is also safe, and is now in Holcomb Valley. He reports that he fought his way through to Deer Creek Station; hence nobody was killed and only two wounded. Constable Saint John took a posse and went in search of the depredators, so I have been informed, but he has not made any arrests yet, although he suspects who were concerned.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Major Fourth Infantry, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 169. San Francisco, September 11, 1861.

The volunteer camp to be established in the vicinity of the Pioneer Race Course will be known as Camp Alert.

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 170. San Francisco, September 12, 1861.

1. Major Pollock, California volunteers, having been transferred by the Governor from the First to the Third Regiment California Volunteer Infantry, will proceed to Stockton and report in person to Colonel Connor.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

5. Captain John Kellogg, Third Artillery, having been appointed by the Governor of this State colonel of the Fifth Regiment of California Infantry, will be relieved from duty at the Presidio of San Francisco and proceed to organize his regiment at such point as the Governor may designate.

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

