HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 12, 1861.

Captain R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: I have just returned from Fort Dallas. Much alarm existing in the border settlements in consequence of the threatening aspect of our Indian affairs, I have deemed it proper to call on the Governor of Oregon for a company of volunteer cavalry. A copy of my communication to the Governor is herewith inclosed. Not having received any of the recent laws relating to the organization of volunteer forces, I have adhered to the old organization authorized for this country. I have called for the company for three years, unless sooner discharged. My latest advices from Fort Colville, and also from the Nez Perce country, represent everything as quiet. I keep Captain Whittlesey at Fort Dalles. His services are important there to muster in and take charge of the company I have called for. With the company I have called for I think we shall get along very well. It is barely possible that I may have to call on the Governor of Washington Territory for a company for service north of the Columbia River. All is quiet at the Cascades. Captain Van Voast is at that point with his company, occupying both sides of the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 12, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN WHITAKER,

Governor of the State of Oregon:

SIR: The threatening attitude of the Indian tribes in the country east of the Cascade Mountains having produced much alarm amongst the settlers, causing many of them to abandon their claims, and the regular force under my command having been reduced during the pat year by the withdrawal of fourteen companies for service in California, leaving an inadequate necessary for the protection of the settlements, I have the honor to request that your Excellency will call for one company of volunteer cavalry to be mustered into the service of the United States at Fort Dalles, Oreg., for the period of three years unless sooner discharged. The organization of the company will be one captain, one first lieutenant, one second lieutenant, four sergeants, four corporals, tow buglers, one farrier and blacksmith, and seventy-four privates. Every member of the company will be required to furnish his own horse and horse equipments, and will be paid for their use and risk such allowances as are now or may hereafter be established by law. The Government will furnish arms and subsistence when the organization of the company shall have been completed and the company accepted. When fully organized, I request that your Excellency will direct the captain of the company to report to Captain Joseph H. Whittlesey, of the U. S. Army, at Fort Dalles, who has been ordered to inspect and, if accepted, to administer the oath of allegiance and muster the company into the service of the United States.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your Excellency's most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.

