
Whitney told Captain Douglas before he died that there were 300 of them, all well armed, aedy's and Private Lee's statements are to the same effect, but the number is probably much exaggerated. Captain Douglas had arrived that forenoon at Albee's, four miles below, with a detachment of twenty men that was with him on a scout. The men were much fatigued, having just completed a long and hard march through bogs and streams. On arriving Captain Douglas, being informed of the appearance of the Indians at Whitney's, immediately double-quicked his detachment to that place, the last part of the route on the run. The Indians had retired before his arrival, taking a direction that would lead them to Albee's. The captain therefore immediately sent back Lieutenant Noyes with ten men to Albee's to re-enforce that small post. His remaining ten men were too much exhausted to pursue the Indians. The next day Privates Osgood and Robey, of Captain Akey's company, two of our express riders, were fired upon by Indians in ambush about two miles below Albee's. They received some fifteen shots in all. At the first fire Osgood was shot through the body and Robey's hourse was wounded, but no seriously. Robey exchanged fire with an Indian close to him, but without injury to either. They managed to get through to Albee's, thence to Fort Anderson, where Osgood now is. He is expected to recover. The next day a band of about forty Indians attacked Neil's ranch, on Redwood Creek, between Albee's and Elk Camp, wounding a man named Miller, then living there with a squaw wife, and killing his squaw and child, Miller making good his escape. They also burnt Williams' place adjoining. On the first report coming in of these outrages I sent orders to the nearest posts to re-enforce Captain Douglas and co-operate with him as he might require, of which the captain was notified. He has availed himself of these orders, and is actively and zealously engaged in the pursuit of the Indians, and in affording such protection as he can to the settlements on Redwood Creek. Last year a party of white Indian killers attacked an Indian ranch. The Indians defended themselves. In the fight an Indian called Bob, whose brother had just been shot dead, killed one of the white assailants named Parker. This Bob was one of the Indians who have come in voluntarily and surrendered themselves, relying on my promise of protection. Parker's friends have obtained a warrant against him for murder, and the sheriff has been here to execute it. I refused to give him up on the ground of his being a prisoner of war.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Infantry California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, August 10, 1862.

MAJOR: Major Curtis arrived here on the 7th instant with Companies B and C, Second Infantry California Volunteers. Company D had been landed at Fort Bragg. The steamer that carries this will undoubtedly take down Captain Moore's company of Third Infantry California Volunteers, stationed there, as they have long been ready to embark. Fort Baker is at such a distance that it will require eight days to bring

