
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, No. 2. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 13, 1861.

The undersigned hereby assumes command of this district in conformity to department Special Orders, No. 155, dated headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, August 26, 1861.

B. L. BELL,

Colonel First Dragoons, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 172. San Francisco, September 14, 1861.

1. Paragraph 1, Special Orders, No. 168, is revoked.

2. Colonel Carleton will proceed with his command of California infantry and cavalry to Los Angeles, where he will receive further instructions.

3. The horses of the battalion of cavalry will be turned over to the quartermaster in this city for the Second Regiment of California Cavalry. The battalion of cavalry will be furnished with a remount at Los Angeles.

4. The quartermaster will procure the necessary transportation by water to San Pedro for Colonel Carleton's command.

5. Colonel George Wright will proceed to Los Angeles and assume command of all the troops serving in the southern part of this State, embracing the posts of Fort Yuma, New San Diego, Los Angeles, San Bernardino.

6. Captain Henry D. Wallen, Fourth Infantry, will, with the detachment of his company at the Presidio, proceed to join that portion of his company now at Los Angeles. The quartermaster will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,

Washington, September 16, 1861-11. 30 a. m.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER,

U. S. Army,

San Francisco, Cal.:

Besides the volunteer force called for from California to guard the Overland Mail Route, the five regiments (one of cavalry and four of infantry) originally ordered, will be organized and held ready for service on the Pacific Coast and elsewhere, according to future orders to be given. Send a copy of this to the Governor of California.

WINFIELD SCOTT.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, September 16, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER,

U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

SIR: A dispatch was sent you by the pony express the 10th [9th] instant, and a duplicate the 14th, directing you to suspend the expedition via Mazatlan to Western Texas, and to prepare to send all the regular troops, except four companies of artillery, by steamer to New York. The General-in-Chief directs that you accordingly leave one company Third Artillery at Fort Vancouver and three companies in the harbor

