
of San Francisco. The remainder of the regulars you will send forward by steamer to New York as fast as they can be collected for embarkation. They cavalry and artillery horses will be disposed of in such manner as may be deemed best for the public interest. The arms and equipments of the troops will be brought with them; also 10,000 of the muskets remaining in store. The field batteries and their equipments will be left behind. You will send orders to Colonel Wright to repair to San Francisco to relieve you in command of the department, and after his arrival you will proceed to the headquarters of the Army and report in person. Brigadier General J. W. Denver, U. S. Volunteer service, will be ordered to California to relieve Colonel Wright, who will then proceed to report in person at Army headquarters. The following dispatch was sent you this day, by pony express, and also by telegraph. *

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp near San Bernardino, Cal., September 16, 1861.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. Army,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Company E, Ninth Infantry, also Company K, Fourth Infantry, and a portion of Company H, Fourth Infantry, joined my command this day from Camp Sumner, Cal., in obedience to instructions from department headquarters. Aggregate, 120. Having received no blanks, I cannot furnish a field return. For the present my command at this place will be kept entire for the purpose of instructions and discipline. My command is sadly in want of company officers.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Major Fourth Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 16, 1861.

Captain R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 13th instant I relieved Colonel George Wright, Ninth Infantry, from the command of this district, agreeably to Special Orders, No. 155, dated headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal., August 26, 1861.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. L. BEALL,

Colonel First Dragoons, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Fitzgerald, Cal., September 16, 1861.

Captain RICHARD C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: The information given you in my letter of the 9th instant has received much corroboration within the last few days. Judge Terry

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

