
is said to be at the head of the organization. Secret nightly meetings are reported to me to be held by armed men at the Monte (twelve miles from Los Angeles). With regard to the last I have sent out (and will continue to do so until something most positive is learned by me) nightly patrols of intelligent non-commissioned officers and one or two men, for the purpose of ascertaining where and by whom these meetings are held, and if possible their object. It is almost impossible to convey to the general the state of affairs down here. My ears are stuffed with all sorts of rumors and reports, and I have work to sift out what should be attended to and what not. You know I have not been an alarmist in my letters, nor have they ever stampeded me, but I think now that the depot of our supplies should be removed to a more secure position. At present it consists of a corral with a wooden fence, and the stores are placed in one large wooden shed and four hospital tents. It should be within brick or adobe walls, and in defensive buildings. I don't know, also, what the general's intentions are with regard to more troops at this particular point, but I think at least one company of infantry should be here. This would enable me to detach parts of the squadron through the country, never absent long, not going far, which would tend to break up or discover these nests of disaffected and marauding parties. I inclose the within protest to the general. I am inclined to believe those who sign in to be correct. I thought while in San Bernardino that it had been the design of the Mormons there to cloak themselves as Union men for the purpose of splitting the Union vote. The insidious documents with regard to the income and other taxes circulated by the McConnell men among the Californians but a few days prior to the election, and the personal popularity of Tomas Sanchez were the influencing causes of the Spanish vote in this county. Rumor says that I am to go with the general. Will he pardon me for saying that, if so, I think this squadron should be filled up, even if it requires a company up north to be broken up, and the main object being to get one or more efficient officers with it.

I am, captain, your most obedient servant,

JNO W. DAVIDSON,

Captain, First Cavalry, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] SAN BERN 14, 1861.

Captain JOHN W. DAVIDSON,

Commanding U. S. Dragoons, Camp Fitzgerald, Los Angeles:

SIR: We, the undersigned, members of the Union Club of San Bernardino, would most respectfully state that a company of cavalry has been organized by Mormons in this place under the name of the home guard; they pretend to be Union men while we have every reason to doubt their sincerity and loyalty. They are commanded by Mr. Clarence E. Bennett, late a lieutenant in the U. S. Army, stationed in Utah Territory, who resigned his commission and married the daughter of a Mormon high in that church of a damnable heresy and imposture, she being an actress on the stage. His sympathies being necessarily with that class of people who are sworn foes to the United States Government, and the present indications being of such a nature as lead us to believe that hostilities will break out between them and the Government ere long, we would solemnly protest, as Union men who hold our country dearer than life, against any arms whatever being issued

