
to these men. We believe it to be unsafe and injudicious, and we do [know] that some of these same men, when your command arrived here, insulted you by cheering for Jeff. Davis in your presence.

Hoping that this protest of ours may have due weight with you, and that the contests of this letter may be made known to General Sumner and Governor Downey, we subscribe ourselves,

Your respectful and obedient servants,

EDWIN A. SHERMAN,

President of the Club.

JOS. H. PEREAU.

JAMES LEONARD.

Z. G. AYERS.

CHAS. MOGO.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, September 17, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I am compelled to assume the high responsibility of changing the destination of the troops ordered to the plains. The disaffection in the southern part of this State is increasing and becoming dangerous, and it is indispensably necessary to throw re-enforcements into that section immediately. The rebels are organizing, collecting supplies, and evidently preparing to receive a force from Texas, and the worst feature of the affair is this: They have managed to seduce the native Californians by telling them that they will be ruined by taxes to maintain the war. I shall establish a strong camp at Warner's ranch on the road to Fort Yuma, which will support that post, prevent the gathering of rebels in that vicinity, and be prepared to repel any force advancing through Arizona.

The only available troops I have at this moment are those raised for the Overland Mail Route. These troops are now ready, whereas I could not get any of the last requisition ready before a month. Another considerations is his: The Fourth Infantry, now in the southern part of this State, are the only available regulars for my expedition. I cannot withdraw another man from Oregon or from any post in California, and it would be madness to withdraw this regiment from its present duty without replacing it with other troops. No evil will result from this change, as no protection from the Indians is necessary for the mail. Some of the principal agents have said to me that they did not need any protection; nevertheless I have ordered a company of dragoons at Fort Churchill to make a march as far out on the mail route as Ruby Valley, which is beyond all the Indians from whom there is anything to apprehend. I inclose a copy of my instructions for this movement. I shall place Colonel Wright in command of all the troops in the disaffected district will I am ready to leave with the southern expedition. I would respectfully ask an early reply to my letters of the 30th ultimo and 7th instant, in which I took the liberty of asking the General-in-Chief to let me proceed by sea, via the isthmus, to Brazos Santiago.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

