HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, September 17, 1861.

Brigadier General J. W. DENVER,

U. S. Army,

Wilmington, Ohio:

Repair to this city and report for orders preparatory to going to California.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

[WASHINGTON, D. C.,] Tuesday, September 17, 1861.

[General E. V. SUMNER:]

DEAR GENERAL: I only found out this morning that you were ordered here with the regulars, and that only two regiments of volunteers were ordered for home service in California. I have not the first order restored, to wit, one regiment cavalry (Colton, colonel), and four of infantry. Five regiments of California volunteers to be organized, armed, &amp;c., and hold themselves in readiness for future command. The expedition to Texas is suspended for the present, at least. It will be renewed in due time, but for the present it is discontinued. I will explain all when we meet.

Your friend,

M. S. LATHAM.

N. B. -I will tell you, when we meet, who it was that secretly got the expedition to Texas countermanded.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 174. San Francisco, September 17, 1861.

The volunteer camp to be established in the vicinity of Placersville in this State will be known as Camp McClellan.

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, September 17, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE A. H. BLAKE,

First Dragoons, Commanding Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter.:

SIR: The general commanding the department desires you to prepare the company of dragoons at your post to make a march to Ruby Valley and back on the Overland Mail Route. He wishes you to get this company off as soon as possible, direct it to march about twenty miles a day, which will bring it home before the cold weather sets in. Let them take some barley, and deposit a part of it on their way out for the march back. Instruct the commanding officer to see as many of the Indian chiefs as possible and say to them expressly that if they wish to retain the good will of the Government they must prevent their people from all interference with the mail stages or the stations, or the iron wire that passes through their country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

