
from San Francisco per steamers Senator, Shubrick, and Active. Their transportation to this place has been successfully accomplished without accident, but the command in disembarking at this landing is most particularly indebted for its comfort and safety to Mr. Banning, who has been untiring in his exertions to fulfill not only his contract obligations, but to render every facility at his disposal for the comfort of the men and officers. I have found him prompt, efficient, and thorough, and deem it within me province to call the attention of the colonel commanding to the value of his services. To-morrow morning at 5 o'clock the command will move toward its destination as ordered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, September 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose an extract from a dispatch of the 28th ultimo, received from Mr. Corwin, relative to an apprehended invasion of Sonora by the insurgents of the United States, and to recommend that the subject be submitted to the General in Chief commanding the armies of the United States for such directions as may be deemed most proper, asking at the same time whether a force of 10,000 men would not be a reasonable one for the service to be performed.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY,Washington, October 5, 1861.

The General-in-Chief directs me to say in reply to the question of the Honorable Secretary of State that he deems the force named by the Secretary a proper one.

Respectfully submitted:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.] U. S. LEGATION, Mexico, August 28, 1861.

Mr. SEWARD:

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

Mr. Pickett, commissioner from what he denominates the Confederate States, is still here. He and three Southern persons sojourning in this city were engaged last night in rejoicing over the victory at Bull Run and Manassas Gap. The sketch of that battle in the New York Herald of the 23rd July reached here yesterday. The paper came here from Havana by private conveyance. Mr. Pickett has learned that Mexico had granted the United States the privilege of marching troops through Mexican territory to Arizona. He has informed the Government here that this will be considered as offensive to the Confederate States, as New Mexico had placed herself under the protection of those States. He had said in private conversation that if this decree is not

