
early as possible. I hope you will make no contracts at Washington for transportation or anything else for my command. I can control these matters much better here than you can there. If I should find any collusion against the Government I can throw these people off altogether and resort to some other expedient. If the steamship companies should be at all unreasonable I can hire sailing ships for transports, and there would be but little difference in time in running south, as the prevailing winds are northerly on this coast at this season of the year.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, September 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In view of the exposed and defenseless condition of the powder magazine at the navy-yard, Mare Island, Cal. (being guarded only by two watchmen and a small steamer, the latter being now and most of the time off on duty connected with the War Department), and the easiness with which it could be taken by any considerable force, without even alarming the men at the yard, I would most earnestly request that General Sumner may be instructed to locate a company of soldiers there, in the absence of marines. The importance of this request will be seen immediately, as there is at present a large quantity of powder and ammunition in the magazine.

I remain, sir, very respectfully,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 21, 1861.

Brigadier-General SUMNER,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed you will please find a letter from C. E. Bennett, of San Bernardino, Cal., addressed to Secretary of State, and by him referred to this Department, giving information in regard to the movements of secessionists in that section of country. You will please take such action in the matter as in your judgment may best subserve the public interests.

Very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.] SAN BERNARDINO, CAL., July 29, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

Believing it to be the duty of every loyal citizen to aid the Federal Government to the extent of his ability, I will endeavor to make you acquainted with all movements or operations that I think will be beneficial to the Chief Executive to know concerning this section of the country, and particularly the lower portion of California, Arizona, and Sonora. Some months ago, I think in December or January last, a

