
with General Johnston all the time he was in command of this department. That large is going to be an effort to capture a portion, if not all, of this State, Arizona, Sonora, I know, and Fort Yuma is going to be taken on the route to Sonora. I consulted with a friend of mine here, Doctor D. R. Dickey. He will go on down to Los Angeles and take a letter from me to General Sumner through Major Carleton. The moment I ascertain the name of the officer and the certain disaffection of troops I will telegraph to General Sumner in time to express to Yuma. About six weeks is the time calculated it will take to raise men and means. I became assured that it was dangerous to believe anyone in this particular locality on this great question when I saw the number of hypocrites and traitors at Holcomb. If the civil appointments for this State are true to the Government they could do a great deal. As special agent, special main agent, their expenses being paid by Government, they could organize in every town a Union party could be prepared for emergencies like the coming one. I woulecommend that Moses Martin be appointed postmaster at San BernardiNumbers I mail this to my farther, Harmon Bennett, in order that it may reach you. Mr. Martin is a supporter of the present Administration. He voted for Mr. Lincoln, canvassed the county to aid his election, and he is a reliable man-Union man. This must be kept secret until we have success on the Union side, and I trust it will not be long. If there is anything I can do to forward the interest of the Government I pledge myself to do it. I have penned this hurriedly and with many interruptions. I will use my utmost ability to have these traitors captured and brought to justice. I especially request care to be taken that my name does not appear in connection with this until we have caught these traitors.

Hoping and trusting that success will crown your efforts for the restoration of peace to our country.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARENCE E. BENNETT.

[Indorsement.]

NORWICH, N. Y., August 23, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

SIR: I received this day the inclosed from my son and have no doubt of the correctness of his statements or the conclusions he arrives at. He graduated at West Point in 1854; served five years under Colonel Alexander and General Johnston; left the Army about one year since; is now farming and mining at San Bernardino, Cal.

Very respectfully, yours,

HARMON BENNETT.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., September 22, 1861.

Captain R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to state for the information of the general commanding the department that forty men, all that were disposable of Company A, First Dragoons, under the command of Second Lieutenant E. M. Baker, First Dragoons, this day left this post en route for Ruby Valley, according to instructions from department headquarters of September 17, 1861. I would also state that I have been compelled to relieve a number of the men from extra duty in the quartermaster's

