
department, for the purpose of guard duty, whichwill seriously impede the work on the soldiers' quarters and the shelter for the animals, and will render it almost impossible to get the work of building finished before the winter sets in with the force under my command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. H. BLAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Dragoons, Commanding Post.

[SEPTEMBER, 1861.] (Received 27th.)

COMMANDING GENERAL OF THE PACIFIC DIVISION,

U. S. Army:

SIR: We, the undersigned citizens of Pitt River Valley, respectfully represent to you the following reasons for an additional force to be stationed at Fort Crook: First. There is an extend of some 300 square miles to be protected by the troops at Fort Crook. The country around the valley is filled with Indians, who are continually committing depredations on the lives and property of the citizens of the valley. They do so with impunity from their knowledge of the smallness of the force at this place. Second. If there was a sufficient force at this place the valley would soon fill up, when we would be able to protect ourselves. There have already been several emigrant trains passed through this place that would have located here were they not deterred from so doing by the inadequacy of the protection from the Government force at this place. Third. By re-enforcing the garrison, so that a sufficient number could be kept scouting, all hostilities on the part of the Indians would cease, and in one year from this time it would take but a small force to protect us. Should you be able to send us one company without detriment to the public service your petitioners will take it as a great favor, and as in duty bound will do all they can to assist the Government force.

L. L. Y. HASTINGS,

WILLIAM NARY,

L. H. STEVENS,

[AND 24 OTHERS.]

PEEKSKILL, N. Y., September 23, 1861.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

The writer of the inclosed letter, John B. Mills, esq., is a highly respectable and intelligent gentleman, residing near this place; any suggestion coming from him I think is worthy of respectful consideration. I know of no way in which, as it seems to me, I could more appropriately dispose of his letter than by inclosing it to your Excellency, to the end that it might receive such a direction as the subject-matter of it might seem to require.

Most respectfully, your Excellency's obedient servant,

WM. NELSON.

[Inclosure.] SEPTEMBER 21, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM NELSON:

SIR: In view of your personal acquaintance with the President of the United States, I beg to present a subject to your consideration, and if when well turned in your mind you deem it pertinent and of sufficient importance to address the President, you will please do so.

