
The subject, in gross, is involved in the general question of the policy of the Government withdrawing or removing their troops from Arizona, the southern part of New Mexico. You are well aware that the inhabitants of that Territory are comparatively few and greatly scattered, and therefore in existing circumstances are depended upon the Government of the United States for protection. The later intelligence that we have here from Arizona is that the Apaches and other tribes of Indians are very troublesome, and together with secessionists from Texas, with whom the Indians seem to be in league, are becoming more and more hostile and are committing great depredations. Robbery and murder upon an extensive scale seem to be the order of the day. It is understood, and I conclude correctly, that some of the Government forts are already abandoned, and if the same policy is continued the Territory will be overrun with Indians and secessionists; consequently all of the better class of people and settlers will be driven out of the country. There are individual cases, with which I have some acquaintance (among which is a son of mine) and from which cases comes the urgent request to pray the Government that the garrisons be not broken up and the troops nor removed. If they are withdrawn we shall have to follow. True, these are individual cases, but the circumstances applies to all the better class of settlers in the whole Territory. Therefore it becomes a question whether the Government will permit this state of things to proceed. Surely it would seem, in view of the small number of troops now in the Territory, that rather more should be sent there than that those there should be called away.

I have the honor to remain, sir, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. MILLS.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 24, 1861.

Colonel THOMAS R. CORNELIUS,

Honorable B. F. HARDING, and

R. F. MAURY, Esq.,

Of Oregon:

GENTLEMEN: The War Department being convinced of the necessity of raising a body of troops in Oregon to meet all exigencies which may exist there, and with a particular view to the defense of the frontier, I am directed to authorize you to raise for the service of the United States one regiment of mounted troops, to consist of ten companies, with Thomas R. Cornelius as colonel and R. F. Maury as lieutenant-colonel thereof. The two majors will be selected hereafter. B. F. Harding is appointed quartermaster of the regiment, and will be mustered into the service immediately upon the receipt of this letter by any Army officer in his vicinity. If no Army officer be near him, Mr. Harding will muster himself into service, taking the oath of allegiance before a civil magistrate. As soon as mustered into service Quartermaster Harding will act as mustering officer for the remainder of the regiment. The organization of the regiment will be in strict accordance with that prescribed of ten companies of cavalry in General Orders, No. 16, of 1861, from this office, a copy of which is herewith inclosed. * The medical officers of the regiment will be one surgeon and one assistant surgeon, to be competent men, appointed by the colonel. The company officers of the regiment will be appointed by you from men deemed competent for the positions. Every man will be required to furnish his own horse and

---------------

*See Series IV, Vol. I.

---------------

