
better location than any that could be found after a diligent and careful examination on Larrabee's Creek or Van Dusen, besides being in the heart of the Indian country. It is about fifteen or sixteen miles farther from Fort Humboldt than the camp occupied by the detachment of Company B, Sixth Infantry, on the 10th of July last. The trail after leaving Hydesville, twenty-two miles this side of Fort Humboldt, will be very difficult to pack supplies over after the 1st of December until the 1st of April, as some of the mountains over which it passes, I am told, will have from two to five feet of snow on them. I think by far the most economical plan of getting supplies here would be to have a large skiff boat built near Hydesville, or at Humboldt Bay, capable of carrying ten or fifteen tons. Such a boat could be managed by six or eight men of the command, and could probably be had for $150 or $200. Of course I would not recommend a boat to be built until the river is first examined by an officer to ascertain the practicability of its navigation. I am informed that white men have been up this far in canoes. There is a good wagon road from Fort Humboldt to Hydesville; or, the supplies could be boated down the bay to Myers' Landing; thence by land across Table Bluff to Eel River is less than two miles. How long it would take to make the trip up the river it is impossible for me to say-probably ten or twelve days. As many hours would suffice for the downward trip. Three or four yoke of oxen are absolutely necessary to haul the logs for building. They can be bought here at from $60 to $120 per yoke, according to quality. A circular saw-mill will be much needed, and a competent man to set them up and run them. Except the first sergeant, whose term of service expires early in November, there is but one man called a carpenter in the company, and he is a very indifferent mechanic. It will, therefore, be necessary to modify very materially the plans of buildings sent me. I should like authority from the commanding general to put the laundresses' quarters in some other place more convenient to water, rather than on the opposite side of the square from the company quarters. I see by the newspapers that I was promoted into the Tenth Infantry in May last, and I suppose may expect orders by every mail.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. LOVELL,

Captain, Sixth Infantry, Commanding.

ARLINGTON, September 27, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I take the liberty to introduce Colonel Wallace, delegate from Washington Territory, with whom I was acquainted while on duty in that country. The suggestions of Colonel Wallace in regard to preventing Indian devastations are valuable from his intimate knowledge of the country tributary to the sound and the Columbia River. I have discussed his plans with him, and I think them good if directed by a regular officer who knows the character of the Indians adn the country.

I am, sir, with high respect, your most obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Brigadier-General.

