
arrived when a "Sir Forcible Feeble" policy will not answer for the region of the Rio Grande. The Texas rebels and Arizona cut-throats, like the ancient Goths and Vandals, are at the very gates, the portals of the Union, ready with battering cannons to demolish the fairest fabric of freedom ever devised by the with of man. And what has been done or is doing to prevent them from realizing their ardent longing and desires? The demolition of a free Republic and the erection in its stead of a military slavery, extending empire, is the ultimate object of the leaders. The restless eye of Jeff. Davis is particularly bent on Arizona. That country was purchased by him of Santa Anna. I say by Davis, for it was by his influence in the Cabinet, the identical man who swayed the councils of President Pierce, who originated the measure and urged it forward until its final completion. He had an object of no ordinary consideration to accomplish. He is the owner of "Empresario grants," in Chihuahua, purchased many years ago of Iturbide and others, which cover extensive silver mines. Arizona was his beau ideal of a railroad route to the Pacific. It was to him the terra incognita of a grand scheme of intercommunication and territorial expansion more vast and complicated them was ever dreamed of by Napoleon Bonaparte in his palmiest days of pride and power. With an eye that never winked and a wing that never tired has Jeff. Davis for more than ten years past turned his thoughts and desires to the Mexican line for indefinite expansion. Hence all the appointments in New Mexico (civil and military) under Fillmore, Pierce, and Buchanan were made solely and exclusively with reference to future operations in this quarter of the Union. With him were banded Benjamin, Gwin, Slidell, and Toombs. No nominations during this period were sent to the Senate or passed by that body without undergoing his scrutiny. I have seen letters from him to some of his present allies written years ago, which shell light on his present movements. Every military order for the removal or stationing troops in this region during the last eight or ten years wasapproval. His military prototypes and proteges-Ewell, Fauntleroy, Steen, Loring, Longstreet, Crittenden, Grayson, Rhett, Reynolds, &amp;c. -were placed here purposely to second and forward his ulterior designs. Magruder, too, and others in California his villanous schemes. I have said above that it requires more than ordinary administrative ability to govern this Territory. I repeat that declaration. A statesman of unquestioned talents, who can comprehend his epoch and look somewhat into the vista of futurity, is wanting here to be placed at the head of the government. A governor is people of New Mexico. If he has paucity of intellect, no staid or fixed principles, no wise or comprehensive views of statesmanship, no ripe judgment, no iron will or determination to guide him, he will be a perfect cipher, a mere pumpkin-head at the helm of affairs. I speak it more in sorrow than in anger when I saw that the governing power in New Mexico for the period since it has been under the jurisdiction and subject to the American Union has been anything than possessing a vigorous grasp and characterized by energy and ability. The numerous Indian wars, the disregard of law and open defiance of courts and legislative enactments, the murders and robberies which are perpetrated with impunity all over the country, the demoralization of the U. S. Army, and the abandonment of their duty and of the Union in solemn contravention of their oath of officers high on the roll of military fame have all measurably proceeded from want of vigor and decisive action on the

