
part of the executive head. Where there is no power to curb or restrain the populace, mob law and irresponsible rule with run riot over the land. Nothing is plainer and more certain. Sir, the frontier Territories, like Utah and New Mexico, Colorado and Nevada, &amp;c., require men of brains and nerve to govern them. In the persons of Governor Nye and Governor Gilpin (of Nevada and Colorado) there are men appointed fit to be governors. Such has not ben the case either in Utah or New Mexico. Hency polygamy and slavery and peonage, twin relics of barbarism and the offspring of an oligarchy, have had sway and are held up as an example of patriarchal observance for the guidance of the masses, instead of bringing them up to an enlightened standard of civilization, of progress, and improvement. It is about time that these institutions, relics of a dark age and of a deleterious tendency upon the customs and manners of the people, were swept out of existence. I thought this was part of the task to which the Republican party had pledged itself not to overlook. The duty to perform that which has been solemnly promised in full and open convention and ratified by the people in their primary capacity in the exernstitutional or transient causes. I undertake to say that four-fifths of the voting population of New Mexico are utterly opposed to the incorporation of the slave code in the statutes of this Territory. Yet there it is, by virtue of the slave power exercising its influence through the accredited agents (civil and military) of the Federal Government. The office-holders, the tools of Jeff. Davis and company, put the slave code in the statutes of New Mexico and not the people, but in utter violation of their will and desire. Out of the three companies of Second Regiment of New Mexico Volunteers, A, B, and C (Captains Pino, Sena, and Bacay Delgado), among the rank and file, the common soldiers whom President Lincoln has eulogized as being true to the Union and loyal to the Constitution, after polling them thoroughly on the question, I did not find a solitary individual in favor of the slave code. They are all Repulbicans of the strictest sect. I believe it is so all over the Territory. Why, then, should this slave code, more odious and bloody than the code of Draco, be longer suffered to pollute the statute laws of this Territory, where Daniel Webster declared that the ordinances of God had forbidden its introduction, and he was opposed to their re-enactment, and where Henry Clay declared in 1825 and in 1850 that no earthly consideration, no power of man, should compel him to vote for the introduction of slavery to territory that was free from the curse and crime? Sir, it should be scorched out and will be at the next session of the Teritorial Legislature, unless, as heretofore, Federal office-holders forbid the bans. Is it not certain that Collins and Connelly, appointed by a Republican Administration to the Indian superintendency and governor-ship of this Territory, were the friends of Mr. Pierce, of Buchanan, and Jeff. Davis? Were they not the adjuncts and co-operators of the Fauntleroys, Graysons, and Lorings? Are they not pro slavery propagandists? Did they not favor the enactment of the slave code? Did they not oppose its repeal? Is it not certain that they would be found on the side of the Confederate States of the South if their voices and votes and wishes could decide the contest? And is not the Santa Fe Gazette, published by Collins, a secessionist paper per se? I pretend to understand English and can read, and I do not hesitate to say that it has been a secessionist paper in the past, and a dissimulating one at that. It is a little more cunning than the N. Y. News, but is equally as mischievous. It publishes all the telegraphic reports in favor of the rebels and suppresses the accounts in favor of the Union

