
Washington, in the winter of 1854-1855 (see Congressional Globe), told the truth in a manly way about the Navajoes and other Indian tribes of New Mexico. That speech will endure. It will "abide unshaken the test of human scrutiny, of talents, and of time. " If there be a just God, and all nature and revealed religion would imply that there is, who rules above, he will yet right the wrongs to which the untutored savages of the forest have been subjected. They have been badly treated and deserve the commiseration and fostering care of the American people. There are personal holding high positions in the civil and military service of this Territory who can neither read nor write Spanish or English. Of course their knowledge cannot be very extensive. I again repeat it, with emphasis, that a governor of this Territory should be possessed of acknowledged ability, of staid principles, of solid acquirements, of industrious habits, great energy, indomitable will, and firmness of purpose. Without these his administration of public affairs will prove a failure, a miserable farce. The times are big with the fate of "Caesar and of Rome," and without men at the head of affairs who can comprehend the epoch in which they live and have the nerve and resolution to carry them out, our system of government will inevitably be overthrown and a monarchy or despotism erected in its place. There is no escaping the dread alternative. I have written the foregoing at intervals snatched from military duty as a sentinel on the watch tower. I have no time to elaborate my ideas as fully as I could wish. These rough notes, however, may furnish you with a glimpse of the condition of public matters in this far-distant region of the Union, and give you a slight idea how affairs are conducted and progressing in New Mexico and Arizona. That is the object of this communication, "nothing extenuate or aught set down in malice. " Yesterday was the day set apart by the President and Congress of the United States as a day of prayer, fasting, and humiliation for the success of the American arms and the return of peace. It was not observed at this post. If the trump of the archangel were sounded to-morrow and I was summoned to appear before the throne of the Great Jehovah to testify, I would aver that the facts set forth in the foregoing rough notes are true. I have nothing further to say.

Respectfully,

WM. NEED.

P. S. -There are a number of persons in this Territory holding office who are rank secessionists at heart, but pretend to loyalty to the Union to cloak their designs and to keep their places on account of the salary. They are here, as at Washington, mighty cunnint, but won't do to be trusted. They require weeding out. I mark this letter Public Business (which you will excuse) in order to secure its safe transmission to Washington.

W. N.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, September 28, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington:

COLONEL: I have just received the commanding general's dispatch countermanding the expedition to Texas, and I do feel greatly relieved thereat. I was willing to undertake it, but I could not feel sure that I could carry it through, for the difficulties were all but insuperable.

41 R R-VOL L, PT I

