
You will have received my letter of the 17th instant, informing the general that I had changed the destination of the troops ordered on the overland route. If I could have anticipated this last order I should not have made this charge, for I should have had troops enough without them for the disaffected part of the State. As this change has already been made, and nearly all of Colonel Carleton's command is now in the southern part of the State, I do not think it advisable to bring them back at a heavy expense to send them on the overland route this fall, especially as their presence there is not necessary for the protection of the mail. A company of the First Cavalry has left Fort Churchill to march to Ruby Valley and back. Colonel Carleton's command can move out on the overland road in March next, and thus save in immense expense in forage for this winter. The hay would have cost $60 a ton and the barley $9. 96 a bushel. I would respectfully ask the general's sanction for this arrangement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 28, 1861.

Approved:

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 182. San Francisco, September 28, 1861.

1. Captain Edward O. C. Ord, Third Artillery, having been appointed brigadier-general of U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty in this department and will comply with instructions received from the Adjutant-General. The command of Light Company C, Third Artillery, will be turned over to First Lieutenant Edward R. Warner, who will receipt for all property pertaining to C Company.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,

Washington, September 30, 1861.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT,

U. S. Army,

Commanding, &amp;c., San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: The General-in-Chief directs me to say that, according to the importance of the frontiers and the temper of the Indians, you station in Oregon and Washington Territory a portion of the volunteer force called out on the Pacific Coast. You can best judge, being on the spot, of the proper disposition to be made of the force.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

