HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, September 30, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE WRIGHT,

Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: As you are about to assume the important command of the southern district of this State, I wish to give you briefly my views and wishes in relation to that section of country. The secession party in this State numbers about 32,000 men, and they are very restless and zealous, which gives them great influence. They are congregating in the southern part of the State and it is there they expect to commence their operations against the Government. You will take such measures as in your judgment will most effectually crush out this disloyalty. It has been tolerated too long already, and I desire that you will put a sudden stop to all demonstrations in favor of the rebel government, or against our own. You will please establish a strong camp at Warner's ranch and take measures to make Fort Yuma perfectly secure. You will probably find it necessary to place troops at Visalia and Santa Barbara, but I give no order for this. With the exception of the camp at Warner's, I wish to leave the disposition of the troops in your district entirely at your own discretion. If it should become necessary to re-enforce your command I will do it at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, No. 160. Washington, September 30, 1861.

1. Brigadier General J. K. F. Mansfield, U. S. Army, is assigned to the command of the Department of the Pacific, and will repair to San Francisco with as little delay as practicable.

2. Brigadier General George Wright, volunteer service (colonel Ninth Infantry), will remain in command of the Columbia River, under General Mansfield.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. T[OWNSEND],Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 1, 1861.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: Your communication of the 21st ultimo, asking that General Sumner may be instructed to station a company at Mare Island Navy-Yard, in California, has been received and referred to General Sumner for his action.

I have the honor to be, respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

