HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, October 2, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army,

Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have received your letter of the 9th ultimo. I have given orders for the concentration of the regulars, as fast as they can be relieved by the volunteers, but this will be a work of some time, as the regiments of foot volunteers fill up very slowly and some of the posts in Oregon are very remote. Shall I send the regiments of regulars to the East as fast as I can collect them?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, October 2, 1861.

Brigadier-General MANSFIELD,

U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Instead of proceeding to the Pacific, as directed in Special Orders, No. 160, of the 30th September, the General-in-Chief directs that you repair to Fort Monroe, Va., and report to Major-General Wood without delay.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 23. San Francisco, October 2, 1861.

In compliance with instructions received from the General-in-Chief, the following movements of regular troops in this department are ordered, preparatory to their sailing for New York:

1. The garrison of each of the several posts in the District of Oregon will, upon being relieved by volunteer troops, proceed to Fort Vancouver, from whence they will be sent to this city. The horses and horse equipments belonging to the company of cavalry at The Dalles will be turned over to the company of Oregon volunteers; the horses and equipments pertaining to other companies of cavalry in the district will be brought to this city.

2. The troops serving in the District of Southern California will, with the exception of those stationed at Fort Yuma and New San Diegeo, be in readiness to concentrate at San Pedro. Whe relieved by volunteers, the companies at Fort Yuma will unite with that at New San Diego.

3. The garrisons of Forts Churchill, Humboldt, Bragg, Crook, Gaston, Umpqua, and Ter-Waw will be relieved by volunteer troops. When relieved, the companies of the Sixth Regiment of Infantry at these pots will repair to Benicia Barracks, and those of the Fourth Infantry and First Cavalry to this city. The horses, with their equipments, pertaining to companies of the First Cavalry at Forts Churchill and Crook will be brought to this city.

4. The headquarters, and Companies C, H, I, and L of the Third Regiment of Artillery, will be in readiness to sail at a moment's notice.

