
The horses, harness, &amp;c., pertaining to Company C will be turned over to the quartermaster's department, and the field battery and ordnance stores to the ordnance department.

5. Lieutenant-Colonel Merchant will at once transfer from Companies D, H, I, and L of his regiment a sufficient number of privates to make an aggregate of ninety for each of those companies selected to remain on this coast.

6. Paragraph 1, of Special Orders, No. 165, is revoked. Company L, Third Artillery, will immediately proceed to the Presidio of San Francisco.

7. The troops directed above to repair to this city, will, upon their arrival, receive further instructions.

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., October 4, 1861.

Colonel BENJAMIN L. BEALL,

First Cavalry, Commanding District of Oregon:

SIR: The general commanding the department desires you to inform the acting Governor of Washington Territory that the exigencies of the service will not permit the issue of arms to any other than those mustered into the service of the United States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, October 5, 1861.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I arrived at this place last evening. The headquarters of the Fourth Infantry and troops which came down on the Senator will reach here to-day. Everything appears to be perfectly quiet in this place. Captain Davidson is absent with all his command. I understand he has marched in the direction of Fort Yuma to afford protection to the train of wagons returning from that place. As soon as practicable I shall put Colonel Carleton on the march for Warner's ranch with his entire regiment. There appears to be some difficulty about obtaining horses for the cavalry battalion. Lieutenant-Colonel Davis has declined buying any that have been presented at the prices asked for them. If we had the money to pay at once for such horses as we want, the best plan would be to send out officers to make the purchase in open market. However, there is no necessity for purchasing ordinary horses at exorbitant prices. We can wait awhile without detriment to the public service. There are now only two of the volunteer cavalry companies properly armed for service on horseback, and in a few weeks, at farthest, the horses of the squadron of First Dragoons will be transferred to the volunteers. Having been but a few hours here, I have nothing further to communicate.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.

