HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, October 7, 1861.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: Herewith inclosed you will receive copies of orders I have issued since my arrival at this place. In consequence of the absence of all troops from or very near this city, I retained for the present at this place, the headquarters, one company (A) of the Fourth Infantry. Although not in accordance with the general's orders, yet I trust he will approve of my action, as there is already a large force at San Bernardino, and the movement of Colonel Carleton's command will require all the means of transportation at our command. I have, as you will perceive, ordered Colonel Buchanan to San Bernardino to inspect the troops and give such orders as to position, &amp;c., as may be necessary. I have sent an express to Fort Yuma with my orders, and calling for a report of the subsistence, quartermaster's, medical, and ordnance stores on hand. I am anxious to ascertain the amount of subsistence, particularly, as the command I am sending to that place under Colonel Carleton will far exceed in numbers that already there. I have just seen a reliable gentleman from Arizona, who passed Yuma about a week since, who represents everything as perfectly quiet in that quarters. The general may rest assured that the disunion feeling in this section of the State has been grossly exaggerated. There are many men in this district who came originally from the Southern States, and who sympathize with them; but those men will not embark in any revolutinary movements whereby their utter ruin would be rendered certain. Doubtless there is a class of men, with nothing to lose, who are always ready to engage in any enterprise in which there is a possibility of bettering their fortunes. With the force at my disposal, this country will not be in any danger from external or internal foes. Colonel Carleton is diligentlyaring his regiment for the march to Warner's ranch and Fort Yuma. It is not probable that the colonel will reach Fort Yuma before the 1st of November. I have suspended further action in the business of purchasing horses for the cavalry battalion until I hear from department headquarters. The arrangement made with the gentlemen at this place has proved an entire failure; neither the horses presented nor the prices demanded were acceptable. I believe if we had the cash in hand that all the horses we want could be purchased at an average cost of from $80 to $90 each.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.] GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, No. 1. Los Angeles, October 4, 1861.

I. In obedience to Special Orders, No. 180, from the headquarters of the Department of the Pacific, the undersigned hereby assumes command of this district.

II. Officers in command of posts or camps within the district will make to these headquarters weekly reports of their commands, with the names in full of all commissioned officers present or absent.

III. Until further orders all leaves of absence to either officers or soldiers for a period of more than twenty-four hours are forbidden, without previous authority from these headquarters.

