SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, No. 43. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 7, 1861.

I. In compliance with instructions received from the headquarters of the Department of the Pacific, the U. S. troops in this district are notified to hold themselves in readiness to be relieved by volunteers.

II. The detachment of Company H, First Cavalry, now at the Warm Springs Reservation, will immediately rejoin their company, and the entire horses and horse EQUIPAGE to that company will be turned over to the Oregon volunteers.

III. The detachments from companies of the Ninth Infantry on duty as escort to Lieutenant Mullan's wagon-road expedition will be relieved and forthwith join their respective companies.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By order of Colonel Beall:

A. C. WILDRICK,First Lieutenant, Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,

Los Angeles, October 8, 1861.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have this day telegraphed you requesting that 40,000 retions of subsistence may be sent down on the Senator to San Pedro. I presumed that the volunteer troops had subsistence sufficient to enable them to reach their destination. It was only last evening that I ascertained that all the subsistence, both at San Pedro and this place, would barely last until the 17th instant. Colonel Carleton must take at least twenty days' subsistence. I shall be glad to get from your office any late general orders. No. 52, from the War Department, and No. 13, from Army Headquarters, are the latest I have received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

THE DALLES, OREG., October 8, 1861.

Colonel B. L. BEALL,

U. S. Army,

Commanding Military District, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

COLONEL: On my way to this place I learned with regard that orders had been received by you to remove all the regular troops from Washington Territory and the State of Oregon. While I fully appreciate the unfortunate necessity which calls for all the available force of the Government in the Eastern States to quell the rebels who are endeavoring to overthrow our institutions, at the same time I cannot be unmindful of the peculiar condition of our own people. Since the close of the Indian outbreak in this country in 1856 the Indians have not been left without the moral effect of the country. Within the last year discoveries of important mines, almost wholly within the reservation of one of the most powerful tribes of Indians, had induced an influx of miners to that region, thereby rendering outbreaks possible, if not probable. The Government is now in arrears in the fulfillment

