
of treaty stipulations with the Indians, and not unfrequent murmurs have been heard from them on that account, and I firmly believe that the moral effect of the presence of troops is maintenance of peace. Difficulties have lately arisen at Colville with the Indians in which one white man was killed, and murders have been reported in or near the Bitter Root Valley by the Snake Indians, and I understand serious apprehensions are felt by the inhabitants of the upper country during the winter when the miners shall have left for the season. Another important consideration which ought to be taken into account is the fact that among the recent influx of miners to the region of Walla Walla and the Nez Perce country are many persons entertaining sentiments of hostility to the Government in the present crisis. They, in fact, compose fully one-half of those who will remain in that region during the winter, and threats of taking the military post in Walla Walla have been made, as I have learned, and I am free to say I myself entertain fears that if the troops are withdrawn from that region we shall witness symptoms of rebellion there. The universal public sentiment here is against the withdrawal of the troops. Occupying the position of superintendent of Indian affairs in Washington Territory, I can only enter my protest against this withdrawal of the last vestige of protection at a time we most need it. In the name of the feeble settlements which have long struggled, and are still struggling, to establish themselves here, and to keep this portion of our country loyal to the Union, I would respectfully protest against this withdrawal of the troops as an act which would not be committed if make known the necessity of keeping these troops here, and if possible cause the order of removal to be countermanded.

I am, your obedient servant,

B. F. KENDALL,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, Washington Territory.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, October 17, 1861.

Respectfully referred to the headquarters Department of the Pacific, for the consideration of the commanding general.

B. L. BEALL,

Colonel of Cavalry, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

SAN FRANCISCO, October 26, 1861.

I regret the necessity, but the orders from Washington are positive and must be obeyed.

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, October 9, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER,

U. S. Army,

San Francisco:

SIR: I inclose herewith copies of a representation and affidavit of citizens of the counties of Napa and Mendocino relating to the depredations of hostile Indians upon the persons and property of the citizens

