
of Long Valley, to which I beg leave to call your attention, and to ask that you will, if within your power, render the required aid. Before acceding to the demands of these citizens for State aid I feel it incumbent upon me to take all necessary steps toward procuring from the representatives of the Federal Government such relief as it may be in their power to afford, as the care and management of Indians is exclusively the province of the Federal Government. A company of cavalry stationed in Long Valley would give ample protection to the citizens of this section, and at the same time afford protection to the U. S. mail service, which seems now to be seriously menaced in this region. An early reply is respectfully solicited.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. DOWNEY.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] NAPA CITY, October 8, 1861.

To His Excellency JOHN G. DOWNEY,

Governor of California:

The undersigned, citizens of Mendocino and Napa, respectfully represent to your Excellency that in Long Valley, in said county of Mendosino, tribes of wild and hostile Indians are now, and for a long time past have been, committing depredations of the most wanton and atrocious character upon the white people settled in said valley; that they have stolen and run off stock, consisting of hogs, horses, and cattle; that several citizens residing in said valley have become utterly impoverished in consequence of the stealing and killing of their stock by said Indians. And, further, the undersigned represent that said Indians have within the last twelve months killed and murdered several of the settlers in said valley and several persons passing through that section of country. That these outrages have been entirely unprovoked by any hostile or offensive conduct on the part of the whites, and from no other motives than those of willful rapine, pillage, and plunder, a rancorous hatred of the white settlers, and a determination to exterminate or drive them from the settlements they have made in and about said section of country. We further represent to your Excellency that Mr. George H. Woodman, the bearer of this memorial, is a resident of said Long Valley; and that he, together with the rest of his neighbors, has been a severe sufferer in consequence of numerous thefts of his stock committed by said Indians. Further, that we have for a long time known Mr. Woodman as a man of upright character, reliable and humane. In view of the premises, we respectfully petition your Excelency to take such steps for suppressing the evils herein complained of as may be in your power.

HENRY EDGERTON.

G. W. TOWLE,

District Attorney, Napa County.

PULASKA JACKS,

County Judge, Napa County.

JAS. H. GOODMAN &amp; CO.

EDWARD McGARRY.

JOHN B. SCOTT.

G. H. CORNWELL.

J. BUTTERFIELD.

ROBERT CROUCH,

County Clerk, Napa County.

