
[Inclosure Numbers 2.] STATE OF CALIFORNIA, County of Napa:

John Wooden, a resident of Napa County, and Anderson Farley, of the same place, being duly sworn, depose and say: That they were in Long Valley, Mendocino County, during the four days succeeding the 21st day of September, A. D. 1861. That they were informed by the settlers in Long Valley and it was generally reported, and by them verily believed, that near said valley one man was atacked by a band of Indians and shot, receiving three wounds from them. That another man was shot at and the ball passed through his hat while on his head. That the same band of Indians, in number from thirty to forty, took the horses belonging to them men who were shot, and killing three of them, drove off the rest, in all evelen head. We were also informed that a band of Indians, supposed to be the same above mentioned, had taken the mail station at Pine or Spruce Grove, situated about forty miles from said valley, burning the building and hay and driving off all the stock belonging to the mail company at that place. That they (the said Indians) threaten to kill and drive out all the white settlers residing in that region of country, and boldly make these threaters to the whites. That they are well armed with rifles and revolvers and well understand the use of said weapons.

his

ANDERSON x FARLEY.

mark.

his

JOHN x WOODEN.

mark.

Attest:

G. W. TOWLE.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of October, A. D. 1861.

G. W. TOWLE,

Notary Public.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 25. San Francisco, October 9, 1861.

The following movements of troops will be made at the time specified:

1. Companies A, B, C, D, and E, of the Second (Lippitt's) and five companies of the Fourth (Judah's) California Volunteer Infantry, under the command of Major James F. Curtis, of the Second, and Lieutenant Colonel Harvey Lee, of the Fourth, respectively, will be in readiness to embark on the 17th instant for Fort Vancouver. The distribution of these companies to the several posts in the District of Oregon will be made by the district commander, who will receive special instructions on the subject.

2. Each of the following posts will be garrisoned by one company of the Third Regiment of California Volunteer Infantry (Connor's): Forts Bragg, Gaston, Ter-Waw, and the new post established on Eel River.

3. Colonel Smith, Second California Volunteer Cavalry, will immediately mount and equip two companies of his regiment and have them in readiness to proceed to Fort Churchill on the 17th instant. The commander of this force will be designated hereafter.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

