HEADQUARTERS FIRST CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp Latham, near Los Angeles, October 9, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commanding Southern District of California, Los Angeles, Cal.:

COLONEL: Inclosed herewith please find an order directing the movement to-morrow of four companies of infantry toward Warner's ranch. The transportation will be at least fourteen out of the fifteen wagons now here - perhaps all of them - so that it will be necessary to hire transportation sufficient to move the remaining companies when the subsistence stores come to hand. Mr. Banning is the only person I know who can supply this transportation by that time. Colonel Swords, deputy quartermaster-general, I am informed, paid him $30 per day for each team hauling 4,000 pounds across the desert to Yuma, Mr. Banning furnishing forage and everything required for the teamsters and teams. Mr. Banning will now get a train ready to move these companies at the same price. I desire your authority before I enter into negotiations with him to this end. Surgeon Prentiss has made a requisition for an ambulance to accompany the command which moves to-morrow. If you have one at Los Angeles please direct it to be here this evening if you can spare it. If you have none Mr. Banning has one which can be hired. The Government teams which leave to-morrow will at once be put upon the road to San Diego to haul supplies to Warner's ranch. The ten teams now coming from San Francisco can be held here for the five companies of cavalry. Captain Moore, who was to have furnished the tenth company of infantry, produced byt twenty-six men. I would not accept them as a company, but have mustered them in with this understanding: If the captain can get additional men enough in eight days to make sixty I will call that number a company and organize it. If he fail to produce the men then these are to be assigned to other companies.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, October 9, 1861.

Colonel J. H. CARLETON,

First Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Troops at Camp Latham, near Los Angeles, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have received your communication of this date. I approve of your arrangements, and authorize you to hire such transportation from Mr. Banning as may be necessary for the movement of the remaining portion of your regiment when the subsistence stores reach you. If the quartermaster at this place has a suitable ambulance, it will be sent to you this evening or early to-morrow morning. If he has none, you can hire one.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

