
establishment of military post on Gray's Harbor for the protection of the growing settlements in that wild and isolated portion of this Territory. Some of the most wild and hostile tribes are a few miles north of the harbor. Since the withdrawal of the troops they have given unmistakable signs of hostile intentions, and I have just learned from the mail carrier that an Indian had been killed by a white man while in the act of carrying off his property, they having borne with their thieving and insolence until it could not be borne with any longer. Mr. Woods, who shot the Indian to recover his property, is a man that would not have done an act of the kind without justifiable cause. In addition to the general interest I feel in the prosperity and safety of our settlements in this wilderness, I am extremely anxious for the safety of my children and grand-children, who compose a part of that settlement. If they should beocme victims of savage barbarity, I shall feel that their blood will stain the skirts of those who may have deprived them of that protection they had a right to expect from their Government, and which the establishment of the post promised them as an inducement to pitch their tents in that far-off wild. it is true there are some ten or twelve men there, just enough to proovike the Indians to hostilities, but not enough to afford protection to the settlements. Troops can be transported from San Francisco to Gray's Harbor as readily and as cheap as to Vancouver. The entrance tot he harobor is safer than that of the Columbia. Besides, small vessels are coming up every few days to Shoal Water Bay for oysters in ballst, only twelve miles south of Gray's Harbor, and the two bays connected by the best beach road to be found on the coast. The steamer to the sound passes within sight of the barracks, and could touch there with safety without detaining her two hours. Captains Gray and Vancouver went into the harbor with their ships and report twenty one feet on the bar, with plenty of water in the channel and in the harbor, with safe anchorage. Forty years after, Lieutenant Wilkes, of the exploring expedition, made a survey of the harbor and entrance, and reported the same result. I have been on the bar recently and sounded it, and found twenty feet at an unusual low tide. I state these facts to guard you against the many false reports in circulation in regard to the depth of water on the bar and the safety of the entrance and harbor. I think I know your character two well to believe that you would have permitted the abandonment of the post had you been aware of the danger it involved the settlement in, and I think you will agree with me that the life of an innocent babe is not to be put in competition with the cost of supporting a company of soldiers.

Yours, very truly,

ANSON G. HENRY,

Surveyor-General of Washington Territory.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, October 11, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN G. DOWNEY,

Governor State of California, Sacramento, Cal.:

GOVERNOR: I have received your letter of the 9th instant. If I can ever get the volunteers I will send enough of them into the Indian country to preserve order. I shall be obliged to send companies of

