
the war. The Governor or Acting Governor of the Terrirory will please aid in perfecting this organization in such manner as may best promote the interests of the Government; the list of officers, except the coloneol, to be certified and sent to this Department by the colonel commanding, with the approval of the Governor or Acting Governor. The organization of this regiment is to be in accordance with the general orders from the Adjutant-General's Department. In case the regular troops shall have left Fort Vancouver, or the District of Oregon, the colonel herein authorized will be mustered into service by any Army officer in San Francisco, Cal. For this purpose Colonel Steinberger will, immediately upon his arrival in the city, report to the senior officer in San Francisco for information as to the presence or absence of troops in the District of Oregon. In case clothing, arms, equipage, &amp;c., cannot to obtained from the Government stores in the District of Oregon, Colonel Steinberger is authorized to make requisitions for them on the commanding officer of the Department of the Pacific.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 26. San Francisco, October 12, 1861.

Captain Julian McAllister, ordnance department, is announced as chief of ordnance at these headquarters, and will be addressed accordingly.

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 192. San Francisco, October 12, 1861.

The detachment of the Sixth Regiment of Infantry at the Presidio of San Francisco will be sent at once to Benicia, Cal.

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,

Los Angeles, October 12, 1861.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have been much embarrassed for several months past in consequence of a scarcity of officers with my regiment, the Ninth Infantry. I have no staff officers at my regimental headquarters, Fort Vancouver, neither have I an officer to assist me in my present command. However, it is not staff officers which I need most. I have three companies of the regiment, without a signle officer present belonging to either of them. On reaching New York the immediately presence of the company officer will be very necessary, particularly those who have heretofore served with the regiment, but now absent. I beg the general to submit this request to the lieutenant-general.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry.

42 R R - VOL L, PT I

