
attacked. On arriving at the point where the squaw has last seen them no Indians were to be found and no tracks could be discovered. After consulation the two parties separated, Lieutenant Campbell, with nine of his men and two of the citizens, proceeding down the river to its mouth, whenc e they returned to camp without finding any Indians sing; the remainder of the citizens, together with three soldiers (including Private Bacon, of Company I, Second California Volunteer Infantry, one of the two wounded in the attack on Daley's Ferry), went up the river. This latter party, after a few hours, came upon an Indian trail, which they followed up till it brought them to within 200 yards of the band, whose proximity was discovered by the barking of a dog. As soon as there was light enough to see they attacked them, killing, it is said, some twenty-two bucks and unintentionally five or six squaws. Among them was a white man, who was either killed or wounded, but who was dragged away by the Indians and has not been since seen. Some seven rifles were taken and other articles of property, all of which have been since indentified as having belonged to settlements which had been previously attacked and plundered. Lieutenant Johnson, in relation to the first skirmish, and the citizens in relation to the last one, speak of the behavior of the soldiers in the highest terms of praise. From the slowness, uncertainty, and expense of the communications I have deemed it advisable to place the troops to the north of Redwood Creek, under the immediate command of Lieutenant-Colonel Olney, who is stationed at Fort Gaston. Under previous verbal instructions from me Lieutenant-Colonel Olney has succeeded in making an arrangement with the Hoopa chiefs to furnish us Indian guides to enable us to find the hostile Indians. I had been endeavoring to accomplish this before Colonel Olney's arrival there, but without success, owing to the lmited authority of the three principal chiefs. Colonel Olney has managed to induce the seventeen sub-chiefs to consent to the arrangement, which many of them were before unwilling to do. These sub-chiefs were all present at the making of the treaty, a copy of which I have the honor to inclose, as also that portion of Lieutenant-Colonel Olney's letter which relates to it. If these guides are furnished us agreeably tot he treaty, I consider it the most important step that has been taken toward the completion of the war, the only difficulty we have had being to know where to find the Indians. The number of Indian prisoners ow at this post is 724; the number at Fort Baker is about 100, among others the chief, Say-Winne, with some of his band. There has been lately unusual sickness among the Indians here, and some deaths have occurred, caused, according to Brigade Surgeon Egbert's official report, by the want of a vegetable diet, to which they are mostly accustomed. Doctor Egbert reports that to check it potatoes and salt will have to be issued to them, in addition to the rations of flour and meat, and that beans are not at present a suitable diet for them. I have taken the responsibility of ordering accordingly. I trust that my action in this will be approved, as well as in directing the purchase of two mules over and above the 100 I had express authority for. The last lot of eight, containing some riding mules, much needed for express purposes, being bought to remarkably reasonable terms, and the owner refusing to sell less than the entire lot. In my previous letters I have spoken of Captain Ketcham and Lieutenant Staples, of Company A, Third California Volunteer Infantry, in terms of praise. It would be unjust to Second Lieutenant Ustick, of the same company, to omit to say that we all consider him one of the most soldier-like, energetic, and efficient of all our volunteer officers,

