
make any, and if necessary every, sacrifice to destroy that enemy before he reaches this edge of the desert, calling on all the troops at Camp Wright to assist you by a timely advance should it be necessary to this end. Keep your command well supplied, in a high state of discipline and drill, and I have no fears but that the country will have good reports of your conduct.

I am, your friend and well-wisher,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., October 17, 1861.

Major RICHARD C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: Inclosed please find General Orders, Numbers 2,* from these headquarters in relation to the movement of troops to San Bernardino and to Fort Yuma. Also a copy each of a letter to Major Ketchum,+ a letter to colonel Andrews,++ and a letter of instructions to Lieutenant-Colonel West. # The six companies designated in the orders marched from Camp Latham twenty miles toward their destination yesterday, and are now en route. To-day I caused the horses of the squadron, First U. S. Cavalry, at Camp Fitzgerland, to be transferred to the squadron, First Cavalry California Volunteers, remaining at Camp Latham. Will the general authorize the transfer of the Sharps carbines, sabers, &amp;c., in the hands of Davidson's squadron for rifles to be used on ship-board until that squadron reaches the States?

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 18, 1861.

His Excellency L. J. S. TURNEY,

Acting Governor Washington Territory:

SIR: Your communication dated Olympia, Wash. Ter., September 2, has been received. The withdrawal of the force of regular troops from the District of Oregon has been supplied by authority from this office to raise, in the State of Oregon, one regiment of cavalry of volunteers, and one regiment of volunteer infantry in Washington Territory. Colonel Justus Steinberger has been appointed colone of the volunteer regiment of infantry to be raised in your Territory, and is fully authorized to raise, organize, and muster it into the service of the United States for three years of during the war.

Very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

---------------

*See p. 659.

+See Carleton to Ketchum, October 15, p. 661.

++ See Carleton to Andrews, October 16, p. 661.

#See Carleton to West, October 16, ante.

---------------

