HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, October 18, 1861.

Commander B. F. SANDS, U. S. Navy,

Commanding U. S. Coast Survey Stemaer Active,

Harbor of San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department acknowledge with great pleasure the valuable services rendered by the U. S. Coast Survey Steamer Active, under your command in the transportation of troops and supplies from this city to San Pedro, Cal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 197. San Francisco, October 18, 1861.

Major Lovell's command will be relieved at the new post on Eel River by Company A of the Third California Volunteers; the latter will arrive in this city in time to embark for Humboldt on the steamer of the 22nd instant. The deputy quartermaster-general and acting commissary of subsistence will secure the necessary transportation and supplies.

By order of Brigadier-General Sumner:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SANTA BARBARA, October 18, 1861.

OFFICER IN COMMAND OF THE FORCES

OF THE UNITED STATES AT LOS ANGELES:

The undersigned most respectfully beg leave to represent that in their judgment the safety of loyal citizens of the United States residing in the county of Santa Barbara is in great peril. It is well known that the great bulk of the population of this country consists of native Californians and Mexicans, none of whom have ever been supposed to entertain a sincere attachment to the Government of the United States. During a few days past, since the news of the reverses of the Federal forces at Lexington, bodies of men have collected at night and in the open day who cheer for Jeff. Davis and Beauregard and make no concealment of their warmest sympathy with the rebels. Some of the leaders of the native Californians who control the masses at their will openly declare their sympathies to be with the South. it is believed that some of these have secretly tampered with and stirred up the general mass of the native Californians and Mexicans, and it seems certain that a serious collision must result between them and loyal Americans unless a company of soldiers is sent here without delay. The Californians have a cannon and all the rifles which were formerly possessed by a military company here. The Americans are not well provided with arms, nor is there any union among the Americans. Indeed, some Americans are avowed friends of the rebels, and do much to inflame the native Californians and Mexicans. The population of this county is about 4,000. The total number of Americans, counting men, women, and children, is less than 300. If one of two companies of soldiers are sent there will be no outbreak, probably. They will at any rate form a nucleus around which loyal men can rally. Earnestly entreating

