
men at the Warm Springs Reservation for the defenses of the reservation Indians against the Snakes, yet having just recalled the detachment of Company B, First Cavalry, in conformity with orders, and holding my command in readiness to be relieved from duty here by volunteers, I do not feel authorized to act in the premises. An expedition should have been made against the Snakes in question this fall, but this could not well be done at this late season, and not at all without a larger garrison at this post than one small company. I would respectfully suggest that one company of the California volunteer infantry about arriving at Fort Vancouver be sent here at once, with orders to throw out a detachment of twenty men to guard the Warm Springs Reservation for the winter. The company of Oregon cavalry ordered to be mustered in here makes no progress, and cannot be counted upon for the defense of this frontier at present.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. H. WHITTLESEY,

Captain, First Cavalry, Commanding Post.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, November 1, 1861.

By oversight, this was not sent to department headquarters at an earlier day. It is now respectfully forwarded.

A. CADY, L

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Infantry, Commanding District.

WILLARD'S HOTEL, October 19, 1861.

THOMAS A. SCOTT:

DEAR SIR: While at Altoona last evening I received the following dispatch, which may be of interest:

The Pacific telegraph line completed to Utah. A dispatch from Brigham Young, dated Great Salt Lake City, October 18, to J. H. Wade, president of Pacific Telegraph Company, at Cleveland, Ohio, congratulates him and his associates upon the success of the enterprise, and expresses his devotion to the constitutional Government of the United States.

The line from San Francisco to Great Salt Lake City is nearly completed, and direct telegraphic communication between the Atlantic and the Pacific will no doubt be established by 1st of November.

Very respectfully,

ANSON STAGER.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 28. San Francisco, October 20, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. Sumner having been recalled for duty in the East, the command of this department, in obedience to the instructions of the General-in-Chief, devolves on Colonel George Wright, of the Ninth Regiment of Infantry.

By order of Colonel Wright:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

