HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., October 20, 1861.

Messrs. F. J. MAGUIRE, CHARLES E. HUSE, CHARLES E. COOK, and THOMAS DENNIS,

Santa Barbara, Cal.:

GENTLEMEN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 18th instant asking for troops to be stationed at Sant Barbara to prevent trouble between Union men and those who openly sympathize with the South. At the present moment, in consequence of movements that have to be made to enable the regular troops to come in to the coast preparatory to their embarking for New York, it is impossible to send any of the volunteer force under my command to Santa Barbara. I will forward your communication to department headquarters for the consideration and orders of the general. Meantime I beg you will rest assured that I have at heart the welfare and safety of all good Union men in your county.

I am, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

FORT CHURCHILL, NEV. TER., October [20], 1861.

The ADJUTANT,

Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders from headquarters Fort Churchill, dated September 21, 1861, I left this post on the 23rd of September with Company A, First Cavalry, and arrived in Ruby Valley on October 5. I saw the chief of that valley, who is also principal chief of his tribe, which includes all Indians within fifty or sixty miles of Ruby Valley. He expressed himself to be perfectly interfere with them in any manner whatever. I find that all the Indians in the Territory are perfectly destitute of provisions. They usually lived during the winter on pine nuts and grass seed, together with what little game they could kill. There are no pine nuts this year, and all, or living on the road. The chiefs and also the Indian agent tell me that unless Government gives them something to eat they will starve to death this winter. If any outbreak occurs it will be because they are driven to it by starvation.

I am, sir, very respectfuly, your obedient servant,

E. M. BAKER,

First Lieutenant, First Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, October 21, 1861.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication from the Assistant Secretary of War, dated on the 21st ultimo, inclosing a letter from C. E. Bennett, of San Bernardino, Cal., addressed to the Secretary of State. The meansures which were taken by General

