
Sumner to secure the quiet and peace of the District of Southern California have thus far produced the most happy results. When I left Los Angeles on the 15th instant everything was perfectly quiet, doubtless attributable in a great measure to the presence of our troops at the various points. After the withdrawal of the regulars there will remain in the southern district of this State a regiment of infantry and a battalion of cavalry, fifteen companies in all, the whole commanded by Colonel James H. Carletonl, an experienced officer, and well acquainted with that country and the inhabitants. The progress of events in the southern section of that State, as well as in the adjoining Territories, will be carefully observed, and an additional force promptly advanced if necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., October 21, 1861.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a copy of your communication dated on the 24th, ultimo, and addressed to Colonel Thomas R. Cornelius, Honorable B. F. Harding, and R. F. Maury, esq. The District of Oregon, and indeed the whole Department of the Pacific, have been stripped of all the clothing we had to supply the volunteers now in service, and there are no arms suitable for cavalry service remaining in store. We are now making clothing of all kinds by contract in this city; it will be of an excellent quality, and cost but little more than the clothing received from the East.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, October 21, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN G. DOWNEY,

Governor State of California, Sacramento, Cal.:

There is no authority to receive volunteers for the artillery.

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, October 21, 1861.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

First California Volunteers,

Commanding Southern Dist. of California, Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR: The colonel commanding the department desires the troops at San Bernardino and Los Angeles under orders for the East to be concentrated at New San Pedro certainly by the 1st proximo. These troops will sail on the next steamer from this port, and it is desirable

