
that everything should be in readiness for embarkation. Mr. Wentworth, superintendent of Indian affairs, wishes to visit several of the Indian tribes living on or near King's River, and will call upon you for an escort, which, if practicable, the colonel desires you to furnish. The colonel thinks a small mounted escort will be sufficient.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp near San Bernardino, Cal., October 21, 1861.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. Army,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Yesterday three companies of cavalry (California volunteers), aggregate 272, reached this place for duty in this section of the country. To-day Companies A, D, and F, Fourth Infantry, aggregate 169, will leave this place for San Pedro, Cal., in obedience to department orders. So soon as transportation shall be furnished I shall leave this post with Companies G and K, Fourth Infantry, and Company E, Ninth Infantry, for San Pedro, Cal., in obedience to department orders. I applied to district headquarters several days since for transportation, and am looking daily for its arrival.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Major Fourth Infantry, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp Carleton, October 21, 1861.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Los Angeles District, Los Angeles:

MY DEAR COLONEL: I arrived here yesterday morning about 12 o'clock, being the fifth day after leaving Camp Latham. I found it necessary, in order to follow your instructions about avoiding the Cocomungo Desert, that I should camp on the Santa Ana River about ten miles from San Bernardino on the night of the fourth day. My camps throughout the march were favorably located with plenty of fuel and good water, and my men arrived at Camp Carleton, with a few exceptions, in fine condition and good spirits. On my arrival at Major Ketchum's camp I found it necessary to camp temporarily in the same inclosure with him. This I deemed advisable in consequence of my being unable in the short time I had before the arrival of my command to look out a suitable permanent camp - which when I have made the selection of will bear the above name - as well as to be near him, that I might with greater facility receive the supplies he may have left to turn over on his departure for San Pedro, which he designs making in two detachments, one of which left this afternoon intending to pass over the Cocomungo Desert to-night; the remaining three companies leave here on the return of the train. Major Ketchum came to the conclusion of moving as above because, as he stated, there was not sufficient transportation for his six companies. I have endeavored, in accordance with your instructions to ascertain the exact amount of supplies Major Ketchum will be able to turn over to me, but as yet have

