
and one who, with a little experience, would prove an invaluable acquisition to the regular service.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Vol. Infantry, Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific.

Numbers 2.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel James N. Olney, Second California Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, June 8, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the 6th instant, at 4 p. m., the house or hotel at Daley's Ferry, on Mad River, about five miles from Arcata, and on the most constantly traveled trail, was attacked by a band of Indians, some fifty or sixty in munber, all well armed with rifles and shotguns. There were but two soldiers stationed there, as the owner deemed it hardly necessary to have any guard so near to town, and on a public highway. The Indians opened the attack by a volley from the brush. Private Bacon was wounded in the groin at the first fire, but he and his comrade, Private Wyatt, rushed to the house and commenced firing from the windows. Daley also ran to the house, but leaving his family behind, he seized his rifle and fled to his boat in the river. Our soldiers, thus left alone, directed the women and children to endeavor to reach the boat, and they would remain and keep the Indians at bay. The family were successful in making good their escape to the boat, when our men, keeping up their fire, retired slowly, both being now wounded and faint from the loss of blood. Wyatt only was able to reach the boat. Bacon concealed himself behind a log in the brush, and from that position saw and counted twenty-seven Indians who entered the house, pillaged and set it on fire. The party in the boat were immediately fired upon by about twenty Indians on the opposite bank. An old lady (mrs. Dausken), mother of Mrs. Daley, was struck by three balls and killed. Mrs. Daley was wounded in the arm, and Private Wyatt was agin wounded, an dint he arm under the shoulder, the ball grazing his breast, he being in the act of firing. His first wound was in the groing, and similar to that of Bacon. They were then forced to put back to the shore, escaping into the brush. Mrs. Daley struggling along with two children at last fell from exhaustion, upon which her husband cowardly abandoned her, throwing his infant that was in his arms into the bushes and making for Arcata. Some Indians came up to Mrs. Daley, robbed her of her rigns and pursue, and said they would not "kill white squaw. " The brave woman made another effort and walked some distance; then taking off off some of her clothing wrapped it around the two eldest (two and three years old), hid them in the bushes and kept on, carrying her infant in her arms, one of which was torn open from the elbow to the wrist by a rifle bullet. She was rescued at last by people from Arcata who came out for the purpose, and who by her directions found the children calmly sleeping at about 2 a. m. Our wounded men were also found, and are now in the hospital at this post, their wounds, though severe, not proving

