
not been successful. His acting quartermaster informs me he thinks about ten days' rations, five of which were drawn this morning, the five days' rations which I started with being out last night. The train which left here to-day will not probably return in less than ten days, and unless they make a good trip not so soon. Would it not be well to start me supplies by other wagons, for in case the train does not return in ten days I will be obliged to go into this market and purchase, which I would rather avoid. Doctor Dickey, whom I expected to find in the employ of Major Ketchum, was on in his camp. The major was without a surgeon, being unable to agree upon the pay with Doctor Dickey. I had an interview with the doctor this morning. He will only agree to remain in camp on the same pay as assistant surgeon. I could not employ him to visit here once per day at a less price. What shall I do about it? He consented to visit camp every morning at 9 o'clock to attend to those men who really require medical service until I heard from you, at the rate of $50 per month, which is the usual price, as you are aware, for daily visits. Major Ketchum has a very good falg-staff which he will elave. As this is the headquarters of the First Cavalry, will you not send me regimental colors? I hope you will as soon as possible send the saddles left by the three companies now with me, as whispers are already circulated among the men that they are to be turned into infantry. That is the only thing I fear for a serious breach of discipline. I hope, therefore, you will not only send my saddles on the return of the train, but that the horses will be soon forthcoming also. Should I be again ordered on a five or ten days' march before they are mounted I fear the consequences. Of course no exertions would be spared by myself, but should anything like a general mutiny occur, overboard I go, whether my fault or not. For God's sake do not leave me long with this only cause of danger hanging over my head. Captain Singer left the pistols belonging to his company at Camp Latham in charge of Captain Fritz. Please send by return of train. I now have 4,000 rounds Sharps carbine cartridges, 11,000 rounds rifle, and 11,000 rounds pistol. Major Ketchum took great pains to give me all the information in his possession relative to the people in this part of the country, together with written information received at headquarters in San Francisco a long time since, all of which shall receive my immediate attention. I will keep you informed of all that takes place here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. EYRE,

Major First Cavalry California Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 200. San Francisco, October 22, 1861.

* * * * *

2. Colonel A. J. Smith, Second California Cavalry, will detail a company of his regiment to be in readiness to proceed to Fort Crook on the 26th instant. Upon the arrival of the volunteers the present garrison will comply with paragraph 3 of General Ordersk, Numbers 23.

* * * * *

By order of Colonel Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

