
You will immediately send a party of men from Fort Yuma on the road from the Colorado River toward Carriso Creek to open them until the party meets the troops now en route for Fort Yuma under Lieutenant-Colonel West. The party you send may be one company of infantry. Let it use the post teams now at Yuma for transportation. This company can continue on to Camp Wright, near Warner's ranch, and there await your arrival. The teams can remain at Camp Wright until a party of recruits arrive from this place en route for Fort Yuma, which will be in a few days. Send out water barrels and kegs to be filled at the wells and left there for the advancing troops. There must be delay in this. Inform me by return express of your action in the matter.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., October 22, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel A. CADY,

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: The steamer which leaves this city on the 26th instant will take to Fort Vancouver five companies of the Fourth Regiment of California Volunteer Infantry, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Lee. These companies will, the colonel commanding the department directs, be stationed as follows: One company at Fort Vancouver, one at Steilacoom, one at The Dalles, one at Hoskins, and one at Yamhill. The company for Fort Steilacoom will be designted by you on the arrival of these troops at Vancounver, and will be kept at the latter post until the arrival of the steamer leaving this place on the 7th of November. A subaltern of this company will be sent overland to relieve Captain woodruff, in charge of the quartermaster's and commissary property, so that on the arrival of the volunteer company there will be no dleay in the embarkation of Woodruff's command. On the arrival at Vancounver of the steamer of the 7th, Company D, Third Artillery, and the volunteer company for Steilacoom will be left at San Juan, and the steamer proceeding to Steilacoom will leave the company of volunteers and take on board Captain Woodruff's command. On its return the steamer will touch at San Juan and take on board Captain English's company, both commands coming direct to this city. This will give Captain Enlish time to turn over his command. Captain Black's company and the headquarters of the Ninth Infantry (non-commissioned staff, band, &amp;c.), and the company at the Cascades (Captain Van Voast) will be sent on the return steamer to this city. The post at the Cascades will be abandoned and the movable property sent to Fort Vancouver. You will direct Lieutenant Widrick to turn over to the assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters on his arrival here all funds pertaining to the adjutant-general's department now in his possession.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

43 R R - VOL L, PT I

