
to duty with Major Curtis' command, and will relieve the assistant surgeon at Fort Colville.

III. Captain C. W. Smith, Second Infantry California Volunteers, will, with Company A, same regiment, proceed to Fort Dalles, Oreg., and report for duty to the commanding officer at that post.

IV. Captain J. C. Schmidt, Second Infantry California Volunteers, will, with Company B, same regiment, proceed to Fort Hoskins, Oreg., and relieve Captain Dent, Ninth Infantry. The latter on being relieved will, without delay, repair with his company to Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

* * * * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Cady:

A. C. WILDRICK,

First Lieutenant, Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., October 24, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel A. CADY,

Seventh Infantry, Commanding District of Oregon,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

COLONEL: I wish you to keep all the clothing in depot at Vancouver for issue to the regular troops east of the Cascades, when they arrive at your headquarters. The troops from Colville, and more particularly the escort with Lieutenant Mullan, will arrive at Vancouver much in want of many articles of winter clothing necessary for their comfort on the trip to New York. The lieutenant in command of the escort will remain on duty with it until the men join their proper companies, when he will be assigned to duty with the Ninth Infantry under orders for the East.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, October 24, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel ALBEMARLE CADY,

Seventh Infantry, Commanding District of Oregon,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: The colonel commanding the department desires you to have the horses and horse equipments pertaining to Captain Whittlesey's company brought to and turned over at Fort Vancouver, and not to the volunteers as directed. Assistant Surgeon Craig has been ordered by the Secretary of War to repair to Washington. The order, therefore, retaining him at Camp Pickett is revoked, and he will accompany the movement as directed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

