
any offical communication. I have elsewhere given you a journal of the road. The celerity of our movements amounted to marching 140 miles in just one week. Is not that creditable for green troops? The halt here has been the bother. The troops arrived here on Wednesday, 23d, at 12 m. The train not until the following day. Then the train that went to San Diego did not reach here until to-day. I was unavoidably delayed thereby. However, I dispatched on yesterday Lieutenant Benson with seven men, accompanied by Keene, the guide, to clean out the wells. Hadji Ali arrived at 9 o'clock last night. Finding myself at liberty to do that very advisable thing, divide the command, I moved off Captain Calloway's company with sixteen days' rations at 7 o'clock this morning. I follow with Dresher to-morrow, and Company H comes on Sunday, the commissary's train on Monday. All three companies will carry their baggage and sixteen days' rations. Then there will be 1,400 pounds ammunition, 100 pounds clothing, and 38,600 pounds commissary stores. I make up Banning's contract as follows: Company wagons, 5; ammunition and clothing, &amp;c., 1; hospital field and staff, 1; twelve, averaging 4,000 pounds each. Total, 20 wagons. I could not go forward with the first company, as there was too much to arrange here to-day. Had I not been compelled to wait for the train from San Diego I should have gone on with all to-day. Perhaps it is better as it is. The chaning of companies and repacking of provisions has also involved delay. I wrote to Colonel Andrews last night, giving him an exact account of my proposed movements, and leaving him to time his accordingly. I expect to be at Fort Yuma by the 5th proximo, twenty days from Camp Latham. Changes considered, is not this fair time? I shall rely on jerked beef on the desert - in fact, from here. Upon that article and the beans I shall report hereafter. Both promise well. I shall enceavor to give you such information in regard to our march across the desert as will prove useful in further movements of troops. Carrillo's men have not turned up. In fact, he cannot get any. I shall take him and his son to Yuma, when if he proves no more useful than he has, I shall send him in with an express to report to you for further action. Keene is worth a dozen of him. I shall rely mostly for information as to the enemy upon the Indians up the Gila and Colorado. You must bear in mind that should it become necessary to evacuate the fort I have not rain to accompany me thence. I shall fight them to the bitter end sure, standing or running. The enemy could send an advance party and clean out the wells, I suppose. I am imagining all his resources, perhaps making some for him. On the entire road from the San Gabriel River I have heard of gangs of armed men, from three to ten in a party, making the best of their way to the Colorado. Of course they had preceded us. I have given Major Rigg a copy of your instructions to me that he may follow them in detaining avowed rebels. I have made some presents to the Indians here, and believe that they can be relied on to give the major information. The camp should, in my judgment, be moved in to Oak Grove. colonel Andrews can halt here, and the major send him up the required subsistence; the distance fifteen miles and road superior. That a paradise, this a tophet. The news about Denver is glorious. Is not General Wright now in our way? However, we will all fulfill our destiny as you say, but I would be better pleased to hear of his being transferred to a more active field. When you get the department and I the district, there will still be fresh worlds to conquer.

In conclusion, I would say that I am fully impressed with the responsibility of my command. Green troops and an inexperienced commander could scarcely be more severe so I brace myself to

