
the trial, and shall endeavor to meet each new trouble with another link to let out. No doubt you were aware of the delicacy of this expedition, but I scarcely think to its full extent. Secesh looks ominous from the other side, but I have no fears for the result. Captain McMahon remains here. Elsewhere I forward his resignation addressed to General Wright. I send this by special express, and have given the rider the assurance that he shall be paid the customary fee. I think it would be advisable to have no more beans brought down from San Francisco at all. Enough can be had in the district to supply the whole command. I inclose Don Abel Stearns' account for beef. His team driver claims to have been delayed on the road one day by me. This is so, but Mr. Stearns can well afford to pay him, as he has charged too much for transportation. I have kept this letter open before me all this evening. It is therefore rather desultory.

Yours, truly,

J. R. WEST.

CAMP WRIGHT,

San Diego County, October 25, 1861.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding First Regiment Infantry California Volunteers, Los Angeles:

COLONEL: I wrote to you the day that I arrived here, which, I suppose, you received. I camped near Senor Carrillo's house, where we now are. The location for a camp here is a beautiful one. Water is plenty and good and wood can be easily procured, but the climate is objectionable. It blows terribly the greater portion of the time, and Doctor Prentiss thinks it unhealthy. I have examined nearly every inch of the entire ranch, and can find none better than this. The camp is situated about one mile north of Carrillo's house and at the intersection of the San Diego road with the road to Yuma. The only place that I know of near here is Oak Grove (or Cable's), twelve miles from here. There is plenty of water and wood at that place. I sent forward the teams in charge of Lieutenant R. S. Barrett, acting assistant quartermaster, to San Diegctions from you. They returned to this camp to-day with commissary stores. Mr. Barrett reports no quartermaster's stores of any description at San Diego. the train will leave again for San Diego on the 27th. I am afraid that they will not be in a condition to make as good time as before (seven days), from the fact that a number of the mules are without shoes and cannot be shod either here or at San Diego. There are no shoes or nails at either place. We are also short of pants for the command. Colonel West takes 100 pairs from us here, which only leaves seventy-one pairs. Blankets we have none at all, and one blanket is not sufficient (in my opinion) to keep the men warm in this climate. The nights are extreemely cold, and becoming more so every night. Complaints of sleeping could are made by the men. We have no woolen socks or drawers, and but 204 pairs of bootees. Overcoats also we have none on hand. I would suggest that those articles be forwarded as soon as practicable. The roads will soon be in a band condition from here to San Diego and transportation will be difficult. I would call your attention also to the company property left at Camp Latham, to be shippped via San Diego. The companies - that is to say, Company I, Company D, and Company F - brought but one pick, one spade, and one ax with them, besides but a few camp-kettles and mess-pans. They are now much in want of all those articles. I also forwarded a requisition for stationery, &amp;c., for this camp. We have none of any kind here. I would

