
dangerous. I hired man is missing and supposed to be killed, and the Indians carried off a nephew of Mrs. Daley, about five years old. I beg leave most respectfully to bring to the notice of the general commanding Private Joseph N. Bacon, Company I, and Private Henry H. Wyatt, Company H, Second Infantry California Volunteers, for admirable coolness and braver under the most trying circumstances. I omitted to mention that the soldiers finding themselves disabled put their arms out of the reach of the Indians, one hiding his musket in the brush the other throwing his piece into the stream.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. N. OLNEY,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Infty. Colonel Vols., Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sant Francisco.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, June 8, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the 26th ultimo I ordered a detachment from Company A, Second Infantry California Volunteers (stationed near Hydesville), across Eel River to Eagle Prairie, in pursuit of Indians committing depredations in that locality, firing upon settlers and robbing the house of one Hazeltine of arms and ammunition. After a four days' scout the detachment returned unsuccessful, the character of the country rendering it almost impossible to track the Indians. On the 29th ultimo I was called upon by a deputation from Mattole Valley, about fifty miles south of this post and near the coast, urgently requesting, in the name of some sixty families, mostly women and children (the men having goen to the mines), that a force should be sent for thei rprotection, the Indians having commenced their depredations, killing cattle and robbing ranches. Another messenger arrived the same day stating that a party of settlers had been fired upon, and bringing two petitions for aid, numerously signed, one from Mattole Valley and one from Kishka, eight miles south of Mattole, where a large number of cattle are ranging, of which the savages had killed over 100 head the few days previous. Of the limited force at my disposal I could only spare fifteen men of Company A, Second Infantry California Volunteers, who were imemdiately dispatched under command of Lieutenant Hubbard. Up to this date no report thas been received from this detachment. * There is no doubt a larger force is required in that important part of the district, but under present circumstances it is utterly impossible to send more troops to that point. On the 30th ultimo I received a request for an escort to bring in forty-nine Indians whom some citizens of Mattole had secured and who were on the way to this post. A small detachment of cavalry was dispatched at once, and three days since they were brought in safely. They are mostly squaws and children. There is on chief among them, and dive or six other bucks. There are no en route to this post from Fort Baker 110 Indians of the Eel River tribe, captured at various times by Captain Ketcham's command, Company A, Third Infantry California Volunteers, who have been very zealous and successful in inducing the Indians to come in. In this he has been efficiently aided by Leiutenant Staples of the same company. Upon the arrival here of this party there will be at this post nearly 300 Indian prisoners.

---------------

*But see Hubbard's report, June 20, p. 73.

---------------

