
also like to have blank clothing rolls, weekly reports, officers' pay accounts, and what other blanks and papers you may deem necessary for use here. The command here are in good health and spirits, and if an opportunity occurs will give a good account of themselves. They are improving rapidly in their drills, and, I am happy to say, orderly and obedient to their officers. They stood the march remarkably well after the first two or three days. Their feet blistered somewhat, but by frequent bathing soon go well, and when our destination was reached were in condition to undergo almost any kind of fatigue. Lieutenant-Colonel West will give you the particulars of the whole command here and of those already on the route to Fort Yuma. I find that the barley has been nearly all bought up by speculars, and 4 cents per pound is now asked for it here. Mr. Carrillo, to whom you referred me for barley, has sold out to other parties, and of course cannot furnish any more; but I found a man, Samuel Warneck, who has 60,000 pounds of fine barley and will sell to Government for 2 1/2 cents per pound. I will contract with him for what we require and get him to hold the balance until I can hear from you. His barley is superior to any that I have seen here. The 2 1/2 cents is the price at his ranch, but we will have teams and men enough to haul it. His borther also has some 10,000 or 12,000 pounds. Your instructions in reference to this section of the country will be carried out to the letter.

Respectfully,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major, Commanding Camp Wright.

P. S. - Stoves for the Sibley tents would be very acceptable.

OCTOBER 25, 1861.

DEAR RIGG: Send Roberts down at your earliest convenience by a trian going one of its regular trips for supplies. The telegraph is through to the States. In a battle fought the 21st of October at Leesburg, Va., General Baker was killed while cheering on his men. I have not heard yet how the battle went, but probably in our favor. Send the express on to overtake West. As he returns write me all your news. Keep your command ready to fight. Drill three times a day and have all your officers recite tactics.

Truly, your friend,

CARLETON.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 46. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 25, 1861.

I. Captain J. C. Schmindt, Second Infantry California Volunteers, will on taking command at Fort Hoskins, Oreg., detach a subaltern and eighteen enlisted men to proceed to Fort Umpqua as promptly as possible and relieve the detachment of the Third Artillery now stationed there.

* * * * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Cady:

A. C. WILDRICK,First Lieutenant, Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

