HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., October 26, 1861.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

California Vols., Commanding District of Southern California:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding the department to acknowledge the receipt of a letter addressed by you to certain citizens of Santa Barbara County and to say in reply that two companies of volunteer infantry will be sent to Santa Barbara so soon as they can be organized.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., October 26, 1861.

Major EDWARD E. EYRE,

First Cavalry Cal. Vols., Commanding at San Bernardino, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have received yours of the 25th instant. I do not wish you to contract for forage, at least until you get your horses. Then, if for purposes of speculation people raise the price unreasonably of forage, &amp;c., I will not buy of them. I will move the troops or haul supplies from some other localities. Buy only what you need from day to day. As I before intimated, all bargains involving an expenditure of public money, even to a dollar, must have your written approval. The allowance of wood is greater than you can consume, so cause to be issued by your quartermaster only what is absolutely necessaru. I wish you to have your rifle company drill according to Hardee in the manual of the piece. I send you fifteen muster and pay rolls for your three companies for October 31. I believe you have others on hadn. Be prudent with them, as when these are gone we shall have to rule what we need till others come. Make out five rolls to a company - one to keep in the company, one to send to department headquarters, one to send to the Adjutant-General U. S. Army, and two for the paymaster.

I am, major, respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., October 26, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE ANDREWS,

Sixth Infantry, Commanding Fort Yuma, Cal.:

SIR: The present commanding the department desires you to conduct your present command to San Diego, when you will turn it over to Major Haller, Fourth Infantry, or the senior officer present. You will then comply with the orders you have received from the Adjutant-General's Office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

