HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., October 26, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel A. CADY,

Seventh Infantry, Commanding District of Oregon,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding the department to acknowledge the receipt of Mr. Kendall's latter,* protesting against the removal of the regular troops from the District of Oregon, with Colonel Beall's indorsement thereon. The general regrets the necessity for the removal of these troops, but the orders from Washington are positive, and must be obeyed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., October 27, 1861.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

San Francisco, Cal:

MAJOR: I have received a letter from Lieutenant-Colonel West. He had reached Camp Wright; his men in fine health and spirits. He (as well as all others) agrees that the camp in that vicinity should be at Oalk Grove, fifteen miles this side of Warner's ranch, or preferably at Temecula, a more strategic point, twenty-three miles and a half this side of Oak Grove. It will shortly be very cold, with snow, at Warner's ranch. I beg to have authority to move Camp Wright to one of these last-named places, i. e., Oak Grove or Temecula, as soon as practicable after the companies of Colonel Andrews' command have passed into San Diego. I inclose herewith an itinerary of Colonel West's march to Camp Wright from Camp Latham, near Los Angeles, Cal. I also inclose Captain McMahon's resignation. It must take place on the 31st instant, because that is the date of the resignation he forwarded to the Governor. (See paragraph 1647, Revised Regulations.) I would recommend that the beans needed at Camp Wright and Fort Yuma be bought at or near Warner's ranch, where they are abundant and cheap, and better than the American beans. I have written to Colonel Babbitt to have the stoves for the Sibley tents sent at once for Camp Wright and the camp near San BernardiNumbers They should be sent at once; also some blouses and trousers for the First Cavalry California Volunteers. I inclose an extract from a private letter from Lieutenant-Colonel West.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE. - Surgeon Letterman had been order to New San Pedro before the receipt of your dispatch. Lieutenant Hammond had also been ordered to relieve Lieutenant McCeek. But I can find useful employment for Lieutenant Mckee until it would be proper for him to leave (for seasons known to the colonel commanding), as when the regulars have gone I shall commence to move the depot to San Pedro.

J. H. C.

---------------

*See Kendall to Beall, October 8, p. 649.

---------------

