
EL PASO, October 27, 1861.

General H. H. SIBLEY, C. S. Army,

Commanding Brigade for Arizona and New Mexico,

en route or at San Antonio:

MY DEAR GENERAL: A week since Judge Crosby called on me in reference to supplis for your brigade. I immediately took steps to secure supplies of breadstuffs, the greater part of which must come from Sonora, as there is great scarcity in the State of Chichuahua. I sent for my Sonora agent to come to me here a month since, to meet and see what would be required of me to furnish the Confederacy. This agent was to have left about this time with a proper escort from Colonel Baylor, and some thirty to forty wagons, to commence hauling supplies from the Sonora border to the Rio Grande, which would have commecned to arrive at Fillmore by the middle of December. In the meantime my mills will furnish from the limited supplies of grain here. I have now some 40,000 to 50,000 pounds of flour, and will have 40,000 to 50,000 pounds more if the New Mexican troops do not succeed in forcing Colonel Baylor to fall back beyond this place.

The flour I have here, and may make till I am interrupted, I am now placing in a place of safety in El Paso, Mexico, as recommended by Colonel Baylor in his letters, which I inclose. I shall do everything in my power and all that is possible for a man to do in my circumstances and situation to further the public service. This you well known, and I need not assure you of the fact. You must especially heed Judge Crosby's and Mr. Richardson's suggestions as to things there, and what you and the commanding officers of the department must do to facilitate Mr. Richardson and myself of furnish supplies by procuring some cash funds. I can command here now from $40,000 to $50,000, all or most of which must go into Sonora immediately to pay for flour, &amp;c. As suggested by Colonel Baylor, I have engaged an express to go into Sonora to learn if Sumner is actually coming from California via Guaymas or Fort ame express I will order the purchase of more flour, beans, salt, beef, soap, corn, &c. I have there already some 10,000 pounds of corn and 300,000 pounds of flour, all for your brigade, and waiting your movement. I inclose herewith my last letters from Colonel Baylor. * His command is in peril. I hope God in His goodness will so order things as not to make his retreat necessary from Arizona.

Our express from Sonora, with intelligence from Forts Yuma and Guaymas, will be back in twenty days, when you and Colonel Baylor will be fully posted up as to Sumner and his movements, if he is making any, toward Arizona from California. Be easy about your supplies; we shall get all we want from Sonora - what this valley cannot furnish - until such time as you may be in full possession of New Mexico, and can avail of its resources or such part as the hungry Federals may leave for your command.

Truly and sincerely, yours,

S. HART.

VALLECITO, October 27, 1861.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Southern District:

COLONEL: Your courier of the 25th instant arrived here at 8 p. m. Surgeon Prentiss is with me. I have one company (B). Company I is

---------------

*See foot-note, Vol. IV, p. 134.

---------------

