
one day ahead, and H the same distance behind. As the doctor is of the opinion that the command can ago through without him, and leaves a very competent steward, he returns to-morrow, and will be at Camp Wright at sundown. We are getting along finely. I left Camp Wright at 7 a. m. yesterday, but started this morning at 3. 30 a. m. from San Felipe, and reached here at 10 o'clock; eighteen miles, and heavy road. I leave again at 3 a. m. to-morrow, and shall go to Carriso Creek, eighteen miles more, and heavy road. As soon as the weather gets too hot for morning travel I shall commence my marches at sundown. The advance party of seven, under Lieutenant Benson, are doing well preparing the water for us. He is to leave a note at each station for me; I received the first one this morning. Captain Calloway I hear is getting along finely, and Lieutenant MacGowan, with H, is close at my heels. I am within five hours' ride of each of them, and both have instructions to communicate with me in case of difficulty. I am not prepared to report definitely as to best plan of crosisng the desert. So far I favor the present mode. Am living on jerked beef. Would it not be well to have 5,000 pounds of it always on hand at Camp Wright? One company is enough in any one party, I think. I should metnion that the commissary train is coming along with Company H. Governor Gaudara's two sons passed Warner's ranch six days ago. It strikes me that if major Rigg had a company of cavalry with him he could stop all such characters. There are prowlers around; six were within a mile of here yesterday, and seven at Carriso Creek on Thursday. I am much obliged to you for the news; it is most acceptable, but I shall most anxiously look for that promised letter from yourself.

Yours, truly,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 48. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 28, 1861.

Captain E. B. Gibbs, Second Infantry California Volunteers, will with Company E, same regiment, take post at Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., and report for duty to the commanding officer.

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Cady;

A. C. WILDRICK,First Lieutenant, Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., October 28, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 30th ultimo, also an extract from Special Orders, Numbers 160, of the same date from the Headquarters of the Army. On the 17th instant five companies of the Second Infantry California Volunteers left this place on the steamer for Oregon for the purpose of relieving the regular troops at the most remote stations in that district. To-morrow five companies of the Fourth Infantry California Volunteers will embark for Oregon and relieve the troops at Fort Dalles and the garrisons in the district west of the Cascade Mountains. After the withdrawal of the regular troops from the District of Oregon, there will remain, under the present arrangement, ten companies of volunteer

