
infantry and one company of regulars (Third Artillery). The company of the Third Artillery now at Fort Vancouver will occupy San Juan Island and the volunteer infantry will occupy all the posts in the district now garrisoned by the regulars with the exception of Fort Cascades. No more troops will be sent to Oregon for the present, and I have suspended the enrollment of the volunteer company of cavalry at Fort Dalles, as the recent call made by the War Department for a regiment of cavalry to be raised in Oregon will, it is presumed, be ample for any emergency likely to arise in that country. The District of Southern California is under the command of Colonel Carleton. He has ten companies of infantry and five of cavalry and should it be necessary an additional force can be thrown into that country with promptness. On the steamer which will leave here on the 1st proximo there will embark at San Pedro the headquarters, staff, band, and six companies of the Fourth Infantry, one company of the Ninth Infantry, and two companies of the First Cavalry, the whole under command of Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel R. C. Buchanan, Fourth Infantry. The regular troops from Fort Yuma will reach San Diego in season to embark on the steamer leaving here on the 21st of November. I shall send forward the regular troops to New York with the utmost dispatch as fast as they reach the coast, without regard to regiments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., October 28, 1861.

Colonel EDWARD D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I beg leave, most respectfully, but earnestly, to request that the General-in-Chief may be pleased to reconsider the second paragraph of Special Orders, Numbers 160, current series. * I have served on the Pacific Coast mroe than nine years; six of them passed in the dark valleys of the Columbia River, or in pursuing the savage foe in the mountain fastnesses on the eastern borders of Oregon and Washington. Under these circumstances I appeal with confidence to the General-in-Chief, and pray that I may be ordered to service in the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

CAMP WRIGHT, October 28, 1861.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding California Volunteers, Los Angeles, Cal.:

COLONEL: I received yours of the 25th instant. Captain Roberts' company (E) will leave to-day for San Diego. Your orders came just as the train was ready to go, and I have detained their wagons one day longer to take him down, which will enable them to join the balance of the train in time to return here with them. The command is getting along admirably, and improving in their drill very fast. I will have your instructions in relation to rehearsals attended to. I have had it reported to me by good authority that a party of forty persons are concentrating at the Monte bound for Texas via Fort Yuma. They were

---------------

*See September 30, p. 643.

---------------

