
waiting for parties to arrive from San Francisco to move. My informant states that from what he could understand it was their intention to pass out in detached parties of from one to five. They were very inquisitive about the location of troops, &amp;c. It is almost impossible for me at this point to stop parties of this kind (unless they should pass by on the main road) without some cavalry. They can get around me by three different passes in small parties. I am as vigilant as can be, and besides have a good deal of pride to be of service. I have on idea of lying here doing nothing, and am extremely anxious to do something, even to capture a few of the enemy, bloodless though it be. I feel the want of an interpreter that I can place confidence in very much. I have no one here that I can use for the purpose that, in my opinion, could not be used by any one who would pay well for the services. Ramon Carrillo, I think, has not acted toward the Government in the way of furnishing barley, hay, &c., as you expected him to do. In the first place, he sold, after my arrival here, what barley he had on hand (or pretended to do so) to other parties, and immediately the price of barley was raised to 4 cents per pound. Hay he also raised from 1 cent to 4 cents per pound. I refused to purchase any more from him, and have contracted for 50,000 pounds of barley at 2 cents, to be delivered to me at his ranch, fourteen miles from here. I can have it hauled as we require it by our own teams, and what is required for the teams going to San Diego they can pick up there, b eing on the road. I have also purchased four tons of good hay for $40 per ton at the same place. I can now, I think, get all the barley that will be required for our use at reasonable rates. Beef he also asks 8 cents for, and I can, I think, have it supplied at 6 1/2 - at 7 at most. We require more ammunition. Captain Greene's company (G) brought but 1,300 rounds. We have altogether 8,000 rounds. Caps we are very short of. Company commanders report to me that only about three-fourths of the caps will explode, and about the same average with the tape. We are also much in want of stoves. The weather is extremely coold, and stoves would be very acceptable if we can get the. In reference to onctacts, will the orders be drawn on Quartermaster Hammond for payment at Los Angeles? Please instruct me. Again, in reference to some cavalry. If I had a few good cavalry horses I could mount a few men for scouting purposes from the command, or employ others. It would enable me to obtrain information that I cannot procure in any other way. For that purpose I would require a few revolvers. I suggest this to you for your consideration. I received a note from Colonel West this morning, in which he stataes that two important persons passed ahead of him, and must have passed here. He does not mention names. if cut-offs that I have mentioned. Oak Grove is a better location than this. Every one coming this way must pass there; besides, this is a horribly dusty country. This camp to-day is scarcely visible 100 yards from it for dust, and I am informed that it is nothing to what I may expect. Colonel Wright's promotion was received in camp with every satisfaction, and your own to the same rank, although to their personal loss, they would rejoice to hear of. Have you received the document I forwarded to Colonel Connor? General Baker's death cast quite a gloom over the entire camp. I hope by the time you recfeive another communication from me that I will be able to report havng had a pow-wow with some gentlemen bound out of the State.

Very respectfully,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major, Commanding Detach. 1st Regiment, Inft. California Vols., Camp Wright.

