
P. S. - I sent out Lieutenant Taylor with ten men to Agua Caliente last night, hoping to intercept some one passing out through there, but he reported all quiet. At 1 o'clock this morning, I had an alarm; the long-roll was beat, and with every sould in camp, ignorant of such an intention, the companies were under arms in good order in eight minutes. I sent one or two off on a short scout, and deployed the others around the camp. I was much pleased with their conduct, and am satisfied that they are ready at a moment's warning for service.

RIGG.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Camp Latham, near Los Angeles, Cal., Octobver 28, 1861.

Major W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Commanding Camp near San Pedro, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have received your note of this date. Lieutenant Lafayette Hammond, regimental quartermaster First Infantry California Volunteers and acting commissary of subsistence, is instructed to send at once Mr. Hanson, the quartermaster's agent, to New San Pedro to issue such subsistence stores now on hand there as you as may require. By Special Orders, Numbers 5, current series, the command of New San Pedro is made independent of that of the District of Southern California. It follows that Lieutenant-Colonel Buchanan's instructions about hard bread and pork for your voyage east do not reach these headquarters. If these stores are on hand at New San Pedro, you shall have them. If they are to be shipped from San Francisco exclusively for the use of a command not included in this district, perhaps it would be well for the commissary not included in this district, perhaps it would be well for the commissary of that command to telegraph to San Francisco for the subsistence stores he requires to have on shipboard. I say this, not from a disinclination to do all in my power to oblige the command at San Pedro, but because I fear it might be indelicate for me to order supplies for the command of another. I ordered four teams and an ambulance to proceed to San Bernardino, to be a part of the transportation of your command to New San Pedro. I supposed, of course, the ambulance went until I got your letter.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE. - If you will furnish me with the number of rations of hard bread, pork, &amp;c., you desire to have placed upon the steamer at San Francisco, and desire me to have it done for you, I will do it with pleasure.

J. H. C.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 47. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 28, 1861.

Pursuant to instructions from the headquarters of the Department of the Pacific of October 23, 1861, the enrollment of the company of volunteer cavalry at The Dalles is suspended.

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Cady:

A. C. WILDRICK,First Lieutenant, Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

