HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., October 29, 1861.

Major EDWIN A. RIGG,

Commanding at Camp Wright, near Warner's Ranch, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have applied for authority to move your camp to Oak Grove or Temecula as soon as Colonel Andrews has gone to San Diego and embarked. The command from Fort Yuma is ordered to embark for New York at San Diego on the steamer which is to leave San Francisco for Panama on the 21st of November, 1861. Colonel Andrews' command is to have your teams as its transportation from Camp Wright to San Diego, so that Banning's train and ambulance can come on from Camp Wright to San Pedro without delay. If a company of infantry with transportation belonging to Fort Yuma reaches Camp Wright in advance of Colonel Andrews' main command, you will continue it on without delay to San Diego with the Fort Yuma teams, with order for those teams to load at San Diego for your camp and return without delay. When returned keep this transportation, and when Colonel Andrews comes use it with your own, if necessary, to transport the colonel's command to San Diego. When the Yuma wagons again return (loaded, of course), you will detain them at Camp Wright until the arrival of a detachment of recruits which I shall shortly send to Fort Yuma.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE. - Send Private Cole, of Captain Gorley's company, by Banning's train for extra duty at the quartermaster's department at Los Angeles.

J. H. C.

SACKETT'S WELLS, Monday, October 29, 1861-3 p. m.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Los Angeles:

COLONEL: We are progressing finely and have no difficulty about water the way the command is divided. In fact, we have nothing to complain of. The health of the command is mainly excellent. There are about ten men riding in the three companies. I pushed on in person last night and overtook Captain Calloway, inquired after his welfare and moved him once more in advance of me. Dresher joined me at daylight this a. m. I gave Lieutenant MacGowan orders to keep within one day of me. I learn that he has fallen behind, too; I presume from yielding too readily to the solicitations of the wagon-master for rest. I shall require him to close his gap between here and the river. From this point all our marching is to be done from 6 p. m. until we reach water. Both I and H are similarly instructed. Hadji Ali is just in from the river. Colonel Andrews makes no reply to my note. None was required, but I have no news, consequently I shall be at Fort Yuma on the 3rd proximo. The advance party, under Lieutenant Benson, are doing excellent service. Property provided for and managed, 1,000 men can be marched across the desert without difficulty. I shall send you an official report from Yuma. So far as I can glean news from Sonorians coming this way, the Gaudara party is instigated in the movement against Pesqueira by assurance of help from the

44 R R - VOL L, PT I

