
any attempts of the rebel forces to gain an foothold on the Pacific Coast. The U. S. troops in this department can repel any direct invasion of the State by the rebels, but the adjoining State of Sonora, with a feeble government sparse population, presents inducements of the strongest kind for the rebels to march a force into that country and obtain possession of the fine port of Guaymas. This once accomplished, it destroys our commerce in the Gulf of California and interrupts the natural transit in and out of Arizona. The fondly cherished hopes and aim of the rebels are to obain a port on the Pacific. Timely interference on our part will frustrate their designs. To protect Arizona and re-establish the authority of the United States Government in that country the occupation of Sonora is a military necessity. The amicable relations existing between our Government and that of Mexico would not necessarily be interrupted by our temporary occupation of Sonora; the design and object would be apparent. At all events, Sonora is de facto independent of the Central Government, and has been so for four years; and I am assured by persons whose responsible positions and reputation guarantee their assertion that the introduction of a force of U. S. troops would be hailed with joy, and meet with the moral and physical support of the entire population. We would not enter the country as conquerors, but as friends, to unite with the government and people in driving back the Southern rebels, who are now threatening their country with ruin and devastation. I am informed by gentlemen of high standing that the introduction of U. S. troops into Sonora would be aggreeable to the present governor - Pesqueira. Under all the circumstances, to protect ourselves, I consider it imperative that we should take the initiative in this matter. Sonor is weak and unable to resit a rebel force, and if our aid is withheld she will inevitably be overrun - virtually conquered - and the rebels obtain possession of the port of Guaymas. Let two regiments, one of cavalry and one of infantry, with a ligh artillery battery, be promptly thtown into Guaymas, and all will be well. A discreet and prudent commander would conciliate the government and people of Sonora, and co-operating harmoniously together, no rebel forces could enter the State. Peace and prosperity would reign within its borders. Once occupy Sonora, and the re-establishment. The force necessary for our authority in Arizona would be a work of easy accomplishment. The force necessary for the expedition is now on this coast, and could be transported to Guaymas by steamers in a week's time.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 206. San Francisco, Cal., October 31, 1861.

1. Captain Horation G. Gibson, Third Artillery, having been transferred to Light Company C, Third Artillery, will immediately proceed to the East and join his company.

2. A company of the Second Regiment of Cavalry California Volunteers, to be selected by the colonel, will, properly mounted and equipped, proceed overland to and take post at Fort Seward. Major McGarry, Second Cavalry, will accompany these troops and upon his arrival at Fort Seward assume command of the same.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

