
However, it had a good effect on the command, as well as the community around us. They see that we were not sent here to play, and if there are any persons who are disloyal they keep very quiet. I hope that I will have the pleasure of reporting to you very soon some tangible evidence of our vigilance. After detaining the express I am obliged to send him on without all the returns. It has blown a perfect cloud of dust to-day in camp, and several copies were so much disfigured by the upsetting of inkstands, &amp;c., that I would not send them. Inclosed you will please find monthly reports from all the companies. I will forward them the first opportunity.

Respectfully,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

First Infantry Regiment, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., October 31, 1861.

Colonel A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Second Cavalry, Camp Alert, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department desire you to have the company directed in Special Orders, Numbers 206, to proceed to Fort Seward (a new post being established on Eel River, in this State) in readiness to start on Monday next. The route has not yet been determined on, and there is therefore no specific time stated for its departure. As soon as this is fixed you will be informed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., October 31, 1861.

Colonel P. E. CONNOR,

Stockton, Cal.:

Send the two companies for Gaston and Ter-Waw on Monday's boat. They will sail from here on Tuesday morning. Designate the company for Gaston and the one for Ter-Waw. Hold the third company in readiness for movement.

By order:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT CHURCHILL, NEV. TER., October 31, 1861.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the arrival of two companies of volunteers to relieve this command. No return has been furnished to enable me to make the necessary return of the same. The command will leave here on the 2nd November, or sooner if the public property can be turned over.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. BLAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Cavalry, Commanding Post.

