HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 1, 1861.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt by this morning's mail of your letters of the 22d, 23d, and 24th ultimo, and of that of the colonel commanding the department of the 24th ultimo. The enrollment of men in the company of volunteer cavalry was suspended on the receipt on the 28th ultimo of your telegram, and the disbandment of the company has been this day directed. As the disposition conflicts in some degree with what I have already done, some explanation as to that, and to what I purposed doing, may be necessary. My letter of the 23rd ultimo and orders of that and subsequent dates who what I have done with the five companies received on the 21st ultimo - two companies under Major Curtis to Fort Colville, one to Fort Dalles, one to Fort Hoskins, and one retained here. I was governed as far as possible by the general tenor and spirit of the oral instructions received from the former commander of the department before I left San Francisco, the most distant troops to be relieved at once, &amp;c. In this category Hoskins was necessarily included, to allow of the relief of the artillery detachment at Fort Umpqua as soon as possible, so that it might join its company (D), designated for San Juan. The eruption of the Snakes upon the Warm Springs Reservation, a report of which meet me on my arrival here, made it necessary to place a company at The Dalles at once, so that the guard could be replaced at the reservation without delay. I wished also that this company should have the benefit as largely as possible of the experience and local knowledge of the present commander there, whom I did not intend to remove until the arrival of the companies from Walla Walla. The company retained here (E) was the smallest one of that battalion, being less than sixty strong, and probably the least instructed, consideratiosn which determined me. My purpose with regard to those now coming was to place Lieutenant-Colonel Lee with two companies at Walla Walla, one at Steilacoom, one at Yamhill, and one at the Cascades. As that place, however, is to be abandoned, I will retain it here until further orders, though I think it would be a better arrangement to have it at Walla Walla, where, from present indications, the largest force possible is necessary. The same reasons make it desirable to have one of the field officers at that station. Captains Black's and Van Voast's companies and the band, &c., of the Ninth, will be sent down by the Cortez, which leaves on the 7th instant. It is probable that Captain Dent's company will be in from Hoskins in time to go down, in which case it will be sent.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. CADY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Infantry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 1, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN WHITEAKER,

Governor of Oregon, Salem, Oreg.:

SIR: I have the honor to notify your Excellency that by instructions this day received from the headquarters of the Department of the

