
Pacific the raising of the company of volunteer cavalry heretofore called for has been suspended, and the men, if any, already, enrolled are to be disbanded, the regiment to be organized under Colonel Cornelius being considered amply sufficient for the whole country.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

A. CADY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Infantry, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 50. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 1, 1861.

* * * * *

II. The headquarters of the Ninth Infantry (non-commissioned staff and band), Companies G and K, and such other companies of the same regiment as may be in readiness, will embark on the steamer cortez hence to San Francisco on the 7th instant.

* * * * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Cady:

A. C. WILDRICK,First Lieutenant, Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 1, 1861.

Captain J. H. WHITTLESEY,

Commanding Fort Dalles, Oreg.:

CAPTAIN: The colonel commanding the district directs you to hold yourself in readiness to repair to this post with your company on the arrival at The Dalles of Captain Magruder's company from Walla Walla.

* * * * *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. WILDRICK,

First Lieutenant, Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT HOSKINS, OREG., November 1, 1861.

Lieutenant A. C. WILDRICK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Oregon:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I shall leave this post en route for Fort Vancouver on or about the 6th instant. I may be delayed a day longer for the reason that the streams are high, and my party from the Siletz block-house may be unable to reach this place by the evening of the 5th. The block-house is thirty miles from this place, and should never have a less garrison than twenty men. Captain Schmidt will not be able to place a proper garrison at that post if he sends a garrison to Fort Umpqua such as is called for by Orders, Numbers 46. The Indians are not quiet, and need looking after. I presume it had escaped the colonel commanding that a garrison for Siletz had to come from this post, or the garrison for Umpqua would have been detailed from Yamhill.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. T. DENT,

Captain, Ninth Infantry, Commanding.

