
IV. Captain Scott's company (D, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers) will first take post at Fort Yamhill, to which place it will proceed with as little delay as practicable and relieve its present garrison, Company I, Ninth Infantry. On being relieved Company I will proceed to this post, whence it will go to San Francisco by the first steamer after its arrival. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation for the movements of these two companies.

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Cady:

A. C. WILDRICK,

First Lieutenant, Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[NOVEMBER 2, 1861. - For Baylor to Hebert, relating to affairs in California and Arizona, see Vol. IV, p. 149.]

LOS ANGELES, CAL., November 4, 1861.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON;

MY DEAR SIR: I have been put in possession of some facts this morning which would appear to warrant the conclusion that men are concentrating, or will soon meet, on the Colorado River. I believe my information is reliable, and I also see in the Alta of the 26th ultimo a letter from San Diego, which, taken in connection with what I have learned here this morning, is quite significant. I believe there is a party of twenty-five men now at El Monte. They have been there some days, waiting the arrival of Showalter and others to proceed on to the Colorado. I am quite unwell to-day or I would go to your camp. If you should be in town to-morrow I will endeavor to see you.

Yours, truly,

J. J. WARNER.

FORT YUMA, November 4, 1861.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Los Angeles:

DEAR COLONEL: An official communication herewith will inform you of our march and arrival here. I scarcely as yet comprehend my position, but am exerting myself to that end. To-morrow I shall have most of the ferry-boats under my control; one thirty miles below I hope to secure by Wendesday, and another twenty miles above in a few days. The river is so low that it can be forded in many places. Indians swim the animals of travelers, and some may escape me. Accounts from Tucson and thereabouts are conflicting, and therefore unreliable. I hear that Baylor is at Tucson with 200 men, and Van Dorn at Mesilla with a larger command. Of course the outside talk is that they intend to come here. I place no reliance upon it, however. They may or may not. Carrillo is becoming more useful. I send him to Tucson by way of Altar. He will be back in twenty days. My scouts now number four, and are not idle. I shall send you an account of stores in a few days. I have on hand 50,000 rounds of ammunition; provisions in abundance. A good deal of work is needed to strengthen this position. Were I commander of this district I would send here two 12-pounders and a small corps of artillerists. Excuse the suggestion. I have four 12-pounder howitzers and 150 rounds of shot and shell. My Greek makes

