
an odd-looking letter of this, but it is very interesting to those that understand it. I shall begin drills of officers at the earliest possible moment. At present I am only devoting one hour daily to company drill, as the work on the defenses of the post mostly occupies the time. Will you be good enough to inform me whether you propose to keep up an express and how often? For instance, I may avoid sending off a special messenger if I know when to expect a regular one. I have many things to write to you about, but matters are so indefinite as yet that I cannot satisfactorily allude to them. Since writing the above Mr. Yager has acquainted me with the fact that he once carried the mail to San Diego weekly at $4,500 per annum, and is willing to renew the service on same terms, or to Los Angeles for $6,000. I merely mention the matter incidentally for your consideration. An allusion is made elsewhere (in communication to adjutant) of a scout that I made to Gonzales' Ferry. Unfortunately it was unsuccessful, as the game had flown. While I was away from Dresher's command he searched a messenger on the road and discovered the two letters which I inclose herewith. * I sent an emissary to Gila City yesterday, but there was nobody there. They had all moved on. I shall keep on the alert for foes of all numbers and kinds. Greenwade, at Temecula, is a rank secessionist, giving aid and comfort to the enemy. The same may be said of Weld, the factotum of Yager, on the other side of the desert. I have omitted citizen employes from my post return, but will send them on the next. It is bad policy to mention their names. I am much in want of some envelopes. Company blanks are a scarcer article at this post. I keep my letters open, and white as one matter or the other suggests itself. Hence they are rather desolutory.

Truly, yours,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., November 4, 1861.

Major EDWIN A. RIGG,

Commanding at Camp Wright, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have received your note of the 28th ultimo. If any party of the size and character described attempt to pass you, stop it, search the persons and baggage if you suspect them of being enemies of our country, and cause them to take the oath of allegiance to our Government. If you find upon them evidence of their being disloyal, or of their giving aid and comfort to the enemy, hold them in confinement and report all the facts and all the evidence in each case to me. You will not buy one dollar's worth of any kind of property of Mr. Carrillo, or the people he sold his barley and hay to. Nor will you pay over 2 1/2 cents for barley. If you cannot get hay for less than $40 I will sent it from San Francisco. Buy your beef from him who will sell it cheapest. Make no bargains for beef for a longer time than a month, nor buy over a fortnight's supply of barley or hay. Buy nothing from any person who wishes to raise on his prices, the ordinary rates, because of the presence of the troops. We can get all we want cheap from above, and if worse comes to worst will move the troops before we will suffer imposition. Buy nothing of Ramon Carrillo, since he has acted the way he has. You must make no contracts without my approval first obtained, when I have seen the written contract, unless it be for daily use,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

