
now completed, eighty feet in diameter and ten feet high, to be built of two-inch plank twelve feet in length, standing upright, and two feet in the ground. The cost will not probably exceed $150, and the plank will be perfectly available for others purposes in the future. I trust my action in this matter may be approved by the general commanding, as it seemed absolutely required in view of the facts above stated, and of the facility with which all these Indians, collected at so much expense by the Government, coudl at any hour of the night break for the dense forest 100 yards distant, and in five minutes thereafter be beyond pursuit.

I have the honor to remain, your most obedient servant,

JAS. N. OLNEY,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Infty. Cal. Vols., Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco.

Numbers 3.

Reports of Captain Charles D. Douglas, Second California Infantry.

FORT ANDERSON, April 6, 1862-8 a. m.

SIR: I have just got into camp after returning from an Indian fight which took place about one mile from this post, on the hills east of us. About 5 o'clock this mornign the sergeant of the guard reported to me of six shots being fired upon the mountain east of camp. I had the camp under arms without beat of drum in five minutes, and sent Lieutenant Johnson with five men up to Minor's, with orders to turn to the left above Minor's and folow up the creek that joins the main creek at that point. I took seven men with me up the mountain. After leaving camp two packes came to meet me. They told me that the Indians fired on them, and were thenb urning their train. I took them as guides and started for their camp. When I came in sight I saw fire or six men around the fire, but could not make out whether they were Indians or whites, as the fog was so very heavy, and daylight not being very strong as yet. I watched them a little around their fire and found out they were Indians. Just as they saw us I fired on them, wounding 2 and killing 1. They then broke and ran, myself and men after them. They got into the woods, when one of them turned and took a good aim at me when I was giving orders to my men. His ball passed through my glove. I had the right-hand glove in my left, and through this glove the ball went, nearly hitting Sergeant Hoalton, a few steps behind me. I fired at him. He fell wounded, but got away. The sergeant found where he left some blood, but we could not find him. They burned the train and carried away a great amount, though they had to abandone their packs. They threw Government tobacco and all kinds of stuff away, as we were too close to allow them to pack anything with them. The Indian that was killed had a U. S. minie rifle and plenty of balls. I am unable to follow them far from here, as I must have force enough to protect this post and Minor's. I have but ten men able to do duty; the rest are sick. I think more force should be here. If I had twenty men able to march after them I would surely get every one of the band. Mr. Johnson saw about twenty Indians, and to follow them up with five or six men would be folly. I will, however, go as far as possible to-day. I would be glad to see a party of thirty or twenty men here, if possible,

