
If Showlater comes to San Bernardineo, or where you can get hold of him, have him swear allegiance to the Government. If he refuse, hold him good. I will send him to Alcatraz; same of Judge Terry. Be on the qui vive. There are plotters all about us, without a doubt.

Sincerely, yours,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

NOTE. -If any person fires into your camp, hang him.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 4, 1865.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Franciso, Ca.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that Lieutenant Colonel H. Lee, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, with Companies A, B, C, D, and E of that regiment, arrived at this post on the evening of the 1st instant (403 enlisted, 419 aggregate present). I have given the necessary directions for the disposition of these troops, in accordance with my letter of the 1st instant, viz, Colonel Lee with two companies at Walla Walla, one company at Stailacoom, one at Yamhill, and one at Fort Vancouver. I trust that this arrangement, under the explanations already given, may meet the approval of the commanding general. No medical officer accompanied these troops. I trust that the deficiency as soon as possible. I have given no directions in regard to the movement of the medical officers from the relieved stations except in the cases of Fort Colville and Camp Pickett, supposing that those interested would be governed by the terms of the general order above referred to. I feel compelled, however, to retain Surgeon Brown here as longas I possibly can.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. CADY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Infantry, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 53. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., Nobember 4, 1861.

I. Lieutenant Colonel H. Lee, with Companies A. (Rowell's) and C (West's), Fourth Infantry Caolifornia Volunteers, will take post at Fort Walla, Walla, Wash. Ter., and relieve the present garrison. The command will be in readiness to move at 8 a. m. to-morrow, and will proceed to its destination with as much expedition as possible.

II. Captain Magruder, First Cavalry, when relieved will proceed to this post with his command. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation for these movements.

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Cady:

A. C. WILDRICK,First Liut., Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 54. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 4, 1861.

I. Company D, Third Artillery, will proceed by the steamer Pacific about the 11th instant to Camp Pickett, San Juan Island, where it will take post, relieving the present garrison, Company H, Ninth Infantry.

