
II. Captain English, Ninth Infantry, will with his company embark on the steamer Pacific on its return from Fort Steilacoom, and will continue thereon until its arrival at San Francisco.

* * * * * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Cady:

A. C. WILDRICK,

First Lieutenant, Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., November 5, 1861.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army Headquarters, Washington, D. C.:

Troops in good condition. Cavalry regiment full. Infantry regiments filing up. Fifteen companies sent north.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, November 5, 1861.

Brigadier General SETH WILLIAMS,

Adjutant-General at Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have this moment received Major-General McClellan's dispatch of the 2nd instant, calling for a report of the condition of my troops. I have replied briefly by telegraph as follows: "Troops in good condition. Cavalry regiments full. Infantry regiments filling up. Fifteenth companies sent north. " The organization of the volunteer force called for from this State by the War Department will be completed at an early date. The cavalry sercie is the favorite arm in this country, and both regiments, the first of five and the second of twelve companies, are full. It is confidently expected that the five infantry regiments will be nearly filled up by the 1st of December. The First Infantry is fully organized and is in the southern district of the State. Five companies of the Second and five of the Fourth Infantry have already been sent to Oregon to relieve the regular troops in that State and the Territory of Washington. Four companies of the Third Infantry and one of the Second Cavalry have been sent to relieve the garrisons of Forts Bragg, Seward, Gaston and Ter-Waw; one company of the Second Cavalry to Fort Crook; two companies of same regiment to Fort Churchill, and one to Benicia Barracks. In the Southern District of California Colonel Carleton is in command. He has his own regiment, First California Volunteer Infantry, and the First Cavalry, a battalion of five companies. Commands have already been sent to relieve the regular troops at Fort Yuma and at San Diego. Colonel Carleton's intimate knowledge of the southern section of this State makes it of the highest importance that he should remain there in command.

As the War Department specially designated Colonel Carleton to command the First Infantry California Volunteers, originally designed for protection to the overland mail service, I have taken it for granted that it waas not intended to withdraw him from the volunteer service, under the instructions from Adjutant-General's Office of the 3rd October, 1861. Lieutenant-Colonel Cady, of the Seventh Infantry,

