
Regular Army, is now in command of the District of Oregon, having been sent there by General Sumner to relieve Colonel Beall, of the First Cavalry. The regular troops I shall send East as fast as they reach the coast. Most of them will have sailed by the 1st of December; those from Colville and Walla Walla will not get off quite so soon. Should it be the wish of the Department to send volunteers from this county to the East, I doubt not that the regiments would be filled very promptly. The personnel is not surpassed by any troops we have; all that is required is instruction and discipline.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Inform General W. that Colonel Carleton and Colonel Cady will be retained in his department; that his arrangements are approved. Recommend to the Secretary that six picked squadrons of Californians be formed for service with Army of Potomac, and four for service in Texas; that two regiments of California and Oregon infantry be raised for service here and two for Western Texas.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Franciso, Cal., November 5, 1861.

Colonel EDWARD D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have this moment received your communication of the 10th ultimo. Anticipating the wishes of the General-in-Chief, orders were issued some days since for Company D, Third Artillery, now at Fort Vancouver, to proceed to San Juan Island and relieve the company of the Ninth Infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angles, Cal., November 5, 1861.

Major RICHARD C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I send you copies of letters* received and written by myself as the best account of what is transpiring in this district. I cannot believe any force will attempt to come over the desert, but I want to keep my command in as near a state of preparation for such an emergency as could be expected from raw troops. The camp at Warner's ranch should be moved. I desire authority to change it to a warmer and healtheir point-say to Oak Grove or to Temecula. I have sent Captain Fritz and one subaltern and thirty rank and file, First Cavalry California Volunteers, to Owen's River. I have sent lieutenant Wellman and twenty-seven rank and file, First Cavalry California Volunteers, to remain a while at Camp Wright, to act as vedettes, scouts,

---------------

*See Rigg to Carleton, October 25; Carleton to Rigg and West to Carleton, October 29; Rigg to Carletion, October 31; Carleton to Eyre and Warner to Carleton and Carleton to Rigg, November 4, ante.

---------------

