
express, &amp;c. I have sent thirty-five recruits, via San Diego (by steam) and Camp Wright, to fill up the companies at Fort Yuma.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers.

CAMP LATHAM,

Near Los Angeles, November 5, 1861.

Colonel J. H. CARLETON,

Commanding First Infantry California Volunteers:

SIR: I inclose you extracts from a letter by me from Assistant Surgeon Randle in reference to the climate at Camp Wright, near Warenr's such.

Major Rigg requests me to state to Colonel Carleton through you, my opinion as to the propriety or impropriety of this command remaining at its present position. It is my profesional and official opinion that the command under Major Rigg ought to be removed from this place as speedily as possible, for the following reasons: First. The wind belows here a perfect gale (not a moderate breeze) more than half the time, driving the dust in clouds, and blinding the eyes of every one, an dinfiltrating into every coffee pot, camp kettle, water bucket, &c. This has been the day of general muster, and Major Rigg has pertinaciously and punctiliously discharged all his duties, and the men have turned out with commendable zeal, notwithstanding the gusts of wind and dust have prevented anything like cooking in camp. The wind has blown so hard that a fire could not be made, and this is no unusual occurrence. Second. We are four miles fire-wood, which is cotton wood when we get it. Third. The water here is strongly impregnated with alkali. Fourth. The weather is very cold now, and growing colder. Snow falls here a foot deep frequently in winter, and somtimes remains a week on the ground.

The above extract contaqins everything touching the climate at Warner's ranch.

J. M. McNULTY,

Surgeon First Infantry California Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angles, Cal., November 5, 1861.

Lieut. Colonel GEORGE ANDREWS,

Sixth U. S. Infantry, en route from Fort Yuma to San Diego:

COLONEL: General Wright, commanding the Department of the Pacific, has made arrangements, for the troops under your command from Fort Youma to embark at San Diego for New York on the steamer which will leave San Francisco for Panama on the 21st instant, and he directs that there be nothing to interfere with your command being entirely ready at San Diego when the steamer puts in to that port to receive it.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., November 5, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel JOSEPH R. WEST,

First Infantry California Vols., Commanding Fort Yuma, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have sent via San Diego and Camp Wright thirty-five recruits for the companies at Fort Yuma. You will have them assigned by lot to the different companies, so that each will have the same

