
strenght. Report to me how many more you will want to bring your companies to the maximum number allowed by law. It shall fill your companies first and those at Camp Wright next. It is reported that near low tide-water at the mouth of the Colorado people can ford the river at "low water slack. " The steam-boat men can tell you if this be so. The Cocopah Indians will know all about it. Se be on your guard about that point, and also about the point near Pilot Knob, and the one above the fort about which I spoke to you. If you are sure that you have all the boats, large and small, under your guns (and I advise you to destroy all that you do not need), and are en rapport with the Indians, so they can give you information about the fords and people collecting near them to cross, it seems to me you will have good control of the river. Are the steam-boat men reliable? I hear the steam-boat has gone to the mouth of the river for supplies. It would be well, I think, always to have a trusty officer go down on her, and a few trusty men, so if there by treachery, as to setting a force across the river below the fort, this officer can seize the boat and burn her up. Your officer and men ostensibly can go down "to see the Indians and to learn the river. " None need know of your instructions to the officerr to destroy the boat and, if necessary, shoot the officers in charge of her, in case of treachery, but he whose goes in command of the men; say such a man as Lieutenant Mitchell. I have all sorts of rumors from your direciton, but do not believe them and to not get stampeded about you. I only want you to guard all the points. This done, with your resolution and sagacity, I have no fears of a surprise; and unless you are surprised you will whip any force coming from the direction of Texas. You will see by letters taken by this express that Mr. Showaleter with a party of Texasn from El Monte will attempt to cross the desert; so, too, doubtless, Judge Terry. Give me a good account of these two men. They will try to steal by you if possible; if not possible, they will try to bully you. In either event, give me a good account of them. The time has gone by when mattes ore to be minced with such men-such open and avowed traitors. For myself, if I were in command at Yuma and they came there with armed men and would not take the oath of allegiance and attempted to show fight, knowing their political sentiments as I do I should hang them both. Your duties are of a most respnsible character. California expects that when her own troops are guarding the appraches to the State there shall be no doubt as to how efficiently the duty is done. I know you will keep on the alert, and that your command will by night an by day be kept ready to fight at a moment's notice.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 55. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 5, 1861.

I. Captain Fitch's company (B, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers) will, until further orders, take post at Fort Vancouver. The company will move into quarters as soon as opportunity is afforded by the departure of one of the relieved companies.

* * * * * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Cady:

A. C. WILDRICK,First Lieutenant, Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

45 R R-VOL L, PT I

