HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., November 6, 1861.

Major EDWIN A. RIGG,

First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding at Camp Wright, near Warner's Ranch, Cal.:

MAJOR: I send by Lieutenant Wellman 20,000 rounds of musket ammunition for your command, thirteen Sibley stoves, ten camp kettles, two hospital tents, and two sets hospital tent poles. Report to me how much ammunition you have on hand for yur infantry command when you have received this. The 10,000 rounds I wrote to you as having been sent to San Diego did not go down. I shoul think there could be no mistake about yur getting barley at 2 1/2 cents and so wrote you, but you must have it even though you pay more. In the latter event report at once to me, and I will sent to San Franciso for it.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, November 6, 1861.

Major EDWARD E. EYRE,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding Camp Carleton, near San Bernardino, Cal.:

MAJOR: The colonel commanding directs that you cause your quartermaster and commissary to forward at once to this office a full and complete list of all quartermaster's stores and property now in his possession, and all subsistence stores and commissary property now in his possession, from whatever source they may have come. The colonel also desires that you send to this office a list of all the ammunition you have on hand, specifying the amount of each kind, particularly in regard to the pistol cartridges, whether for revolvers army size or for revolvers navy size.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infantry California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

CAMP WRIGHT, November 6, 1861.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding California Volunteers, Los AngeLONEL: I take advantage of Mr. Wallace's kindness to be bearer of dispatches to you to give you the news from our little camp. Of course we have not changed our locality since our arrival here except to move farther to the northward, say one-eighth of a mile, to get on to higher and drier ground. I have since my last communication to you examined every corner and nook to better our position, and find none but at Oak Grove. I have been there again and took agreat deal of pains toexamine the locality in an entirely military point of view, and am satisfied that it is the only point within fifty miles of here where a perfect blockade can successfully be had. The valley at the northwest corner where the road (and the only one) enters the valley is not morethan half a mile wide, and can easily be closed up. But there is no good place to camp near that point, say half a mile, where

