
any drill-ground can be had. But farther up the valley, near the house of Mr. Cable, formerly Clark's, is a beautiful camp-ground and also fine ground for drilling. With a few cavalry I can cut off any and every person who approaches from the Los Angeles road and azlso from Fort Yuma, or force them fromten to twenty miles to the north or souch of me to get by. There is a trail from San Bernardino that debouches on the desert near Indian Wells that passes about ten miles to the north of Oak Grove beyond the mountain, but a few mounted men could easily close that up, supported by a few infantry. And then there is but one other that I know of, and that is from Temecula to San Isable, on the San Diego road; from thence to San Feline on the desert.

Making Oak Grove the headquarters would leave the San Diego road open, but it is, in fact, open at present, and with my present force I cannot well help it. The only outlet, however, is at Santa Isabel, where a few men could intercept any one coming by way of Temecula, or striking off at San Feline and attempting to go to Los Angeles by the same route. I simply throw out these suggestions for your consideration. Now for this location. The valley is about eigh miles wide and can be passed without coming near me either through the Agua Caliente Valley or around the San Jose Valley and by several trails that start in this side of Oak Grove and pass both to the north and south of me. I am exceedingly anxious to do some service, and know that I was sent here by my Government for that purpose. I therefore feel the necessity of being in a position where I can do it. I think that many have passed me here that should not, and I could not help myself notwithstanding my vigilance. Captain Roberts reports his arrival at San Diego all well. He also asks for several teams to haoul wood for the winter, whch cannot be spared until all the stores are brought up from there. He informs me that wood for his use has to be hauled a distance of twenty-seven miles. I received orders from Lieutenant MacGowan to-day, a copy of which I inlcose. The proceedings of a court-martial held at this camp November 2 I also forward to your headquarters. I would also like to have your orders respecting Private Jones, of Company D, charges preferred by Lieutenant John Martin, of Company D, and in the hands of Adjt. B. C. Cutler. I would state that the prisoner has behaved remarkably well since his confinement, obeying orders to the letter. In fact, his conduct is commendable. I have been compelled to place Captain Hugh A. Gorley in arrest, which leaves his company without a duty officer, First Lieutenant Martin being absent and Second Lieutenant D. C. Vestal, acting as ajdutant, acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence. If it were possible another lieutenant should be attached to each company. I have given the contract for beef to Francisco O'Campo for one month, be being the lowest bidder, viz, 6 cents per pound, delivered at any point within the boundaries of Oak Grove or Warenr's ranch. He comes highly recommended to me by an old acquaintance of mine, Captain George Johnston, of Fort Yuma. I have found him loyal, an din fact the grater part of the information that I have received has been trhugh him, corroborated by others. As I informed you in my last, every man here seems to be against his neighbor, and in fact the greater part of the information that I have received has been through him, corroborated by others. As I informed you in my last, every man here seems to be against his neighbor, and if all can be believed they are a pretty set of scoundrels. I have found O'Camp the only man who has expressed himself freely. If he has anything to say about any one he does it, and gives himself as authority; if othewise, he candidly says his intercourse with them is so slight that he knows little, good or bad, about them. The command are very much in want of blankets. One blanket is not enough to keep the men warm in this climate, and

