
the result of sleepiatism to an alarming degree. The command are getting along with their drill very well. In all light movements they are progressing rapidly and enter into it with spirit. We require quartermaster's tents for stores badly. Captain Bates sent me a number of paulins from San Diego, but tents would be better if they could be had, also carpenter tools and forage. The road to San Diego is a rough one and the mules will have to be well shod to be serviceable. I believe I have now given you a brief account of everything except blanks, which we are ut of entirely of all kinds.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major First Regiment Infty. California Vols., Commanding Camp Wright.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Salem, Oreg., November 6, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel A. CADY,

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: Your communication of the 1st instant, relative to disbanding the men in volunteer cavalry, has this day been received and will be attend to.

Yours, with respect,

CHESTER N. TERRY,

Private Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., November 7, 1861.

Major EDWARD E. EYRE,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding Camp Carleton, near Can Bernardio, Cal.:

MAJOR: Your letter of November 4, 1861, was handed to me last evening. Your men should be punished whenever they absent themselves from your camp without permission from proper authority. Have thenm tried by a garrison court-martial or a regimental court-martial which you have the right now to order. In these times when so grave an insul was offered to soldiers in the service of the United States as the one offered to your men by the bully and desperado who was knocked down, I am only surprised that they did not kill the traitor outright. If the man who so promptly resented the insult to himself and country is otherwise fitted for the place it would be well to make him a non-commissioned officer. While you must discourage rows and repress all disturbances and all breaches of the peace, still, when the country is insulted through your men, I hope you will always resent the insult on the spot in such a manner that the villain will never offer another. I know well that in San Bernardino the civil authorities are not respected and the administration of the civil law is a farce, so that in a measure you come back to first principles. If them, a traitor insults the country be treasonable toasts and your soldiers have active patriotism enough to punish him well for it, I have not the heart to advise you to repress their inclinaiton to do so; only see that this is not made a pretextt for inflicting injury for other causes. Let the case be a clear one, the punishment prompt and effectual. By and by your men and the colors will be properly respected. d

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

