HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., November 7, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel JOSEPH R. WEST,

Commanding at Fort Yuma, Cal.:

COLONEL: A Mr. John F. Bilderbock, who came, as he says, from Ohio to New Mexico, and thence with Mr. Rees last winter with cattle to California, says there is a hay road which turns off about six miles west (this side) of the Alamo Mucho, and another about three miles east of the New River Station, on the road hence to Fort Yuma. In going eastward these roads lead off from theFortYuma road to the right, and eachleads to what is called Paddock's Old Ferry, on the Colorado River. An old adobe house (or ruins of a house) marks the spot. Three miles below this point is Gonzales' Ferry. Here is asmall boat large enugh to take one horse over at a time and large enough to take over a wagon if in pieces. This point was anold Mexican crossing, used by swimming over their horses and rafting over thei reffects before the boat was put there, and could be so used again after you have destroye dthe boat. The ferry is twenty-smix miles below the fort. Cooke's Old Ferry, belonging to Mr. Yager, who lives one mile below the fort, is about six miles below Alodones. There is a near trail which leads to it from Algodones. It is said Yager has taken his boat up to the house he occupies from this ferry. Maybe he has, perhaps not; a small boat and a skiff may still be in that neighbhrood. At the colorado mines (or the Ripple), twenty-one miles above the fort, there was a small boat, and is now, perhaps. This boat belonged to a blacksmith. Yager's partner also had a boat there, and there, when the river is alow, it can be forded. The Cocopah Indians cross the river on tule boats; these carry to men. The Cocopah Indians live near the mouth of the river.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, November 7, 1861.

Lieutenant B. C. CUTLER,

Post Adjt., Southern District of California, Los Angeles, Cal.:

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with Revised Army Regulations, 1861, I have the honor to submit the annexed journal of the march of a detachment of the First Infantry California Volunteers from Camp Latham, Los Angeles County, to Fort Yuma, Cal., October 16 to November 3, 1861, pursuant to Orders, Numbers 4, from headquarters Southern District of California, dated October 14, 1861. In explanatin of the fact that it is not returned in the form prescribed by the Revised Regulations, I have to state that a copy of that work was first received by me when half the present march was accomplish, and under circumstances that did not admit of its examination during the remainder.

Your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

