
to-morrow night, as we should not allow this band any time to rest, but follow them all the time until they are killed, every man of them.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

C. D. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Commanding Fort Anderson.

Colonel LIPPITT,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.

These are Hoopa Indians, so the hospital steward tells me. He knows by the one killed.

Excuse haste, as I am going out.

FORT ANDERSON, July 29, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I left this post on the 24th instant, with twenty men, to scout for Indians from this post to near Elk Camp. I have faithfully scouted the country lying between Fort Anderson and Elk Camp, and from Redwood Creek to Pine Creek; thence to Tully Creek down to where the line passes dividing the Redwood Indians from the Hoopa Indians, but without seeing any Indian or any new sign. This morning about daylight I sent Lieutenant Noyes round by the Elk Camp trail to Albee's, taking the men with me up Redwood Creek to that point. I followed the bed of the creek, scouting along both banks when that could be done. I had a very hard down. I got to Albee's about 12 m. without finding any sign on the creek later than what Captain Flynn saw when he was there in April. On my arrival at Albee's a man met me there from Whitney's, three miles above. This man informed me that when he was just leaving at him. He (white men) rode of without wainting for the second shot. I forthwith ordered my men forward on double-quick, and from that to a run. When I arrived at Whitney's I foudn his barn burned, himself mortally wounded, his hired man dead, and also one of my company, Private Campbell, dead. The Indians were nowhere to be seen, and my men were so much run down, they being int he water all day, that it was impossible for me to follow the Indians, and being so many of them I was afraid they would attack Albee's; indeed, judging by the road left Whitney's, they were heading so as to come out above Albee's house, and the eight men there would not be able to protect the family against 300 well-armed Indians. I ordered Lieutenant Noyes and ten men to post themselves in the house until further orders. I left ten men and a sergeant at Whitney's to remain until Mr. Whitney either dies or is moved by his friends. I have my hospital steward attending him at present. I have brought Private Campbell's body to this post for interment. There were six men at Whitney's during the attack, of which three were men of my company left there by me, as they were sick. Corporal Kennedy and Private Lee, Mr. Whitney, and an Indian boy they had there state that there were no less than 300 Indians around the house. Corporal Kennedy and Private Lee deserve much praise, for it is woing to their conduct that there are any of them alive at all. They kept the house and fired on the Indians from the upper part of the house. Had Mr. Whitney and the others taken the corporal's advice there would have been on deaths, I am certain, which was, after the first fire, to keep in the house. The Indians kept quiet some half an hour after they fired the first shot, and Whitney thought

