
[Inclosure.]

Journal of the march of Companies E, G, and H, First Infantry California Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Joseph R. West, from Camp Latham, near Los Angeles, Cal., to Camp Wright, at Warner's ranch, San Diego County, Cal., pursuant to District Orders, Numbers 4, October 14, 1861:

October 16, 1861. -Left Camp Latham at 11 a. m. by road to the right of the cienega; crossed the swamp two miles east of the road to Los Anglees; passed Los Angeles two miles to the left. Reached Lagunita at 6 p. m. Road fair, but wagons cannot cross the swamp other than by the road to Los Angeles. Camping facilities at Lagunita are good; wood is furnished by the proprietor; water abundant for a large command. Weather on the march very warm. Distance, 18 miles.

October 17. -Left Lalgunita at 7. 30 a. m. ; marched six miles, by good orad, to San Gabriel River; the stream is about thigh deep and sixty yards wide; water clear and cold; banks at ford easy of access; evidences of miry spots elsewhere. Fine farms and vineyards bordering the river. From San Gabriel River to Reed's ranch, nine miles, roads sandy in some places, but generally good, no water last stretch. Workman's ranch is passed on the left hand two miles before reaching Reed's; water to be had there, and good camp, wood, &amp;c. Good camping ground at Reed's; woods scarce; small stream of water, sufficieint for 500 men and train. Weather very warm in daytime, nights cold. Distance previus, 18 miles; distance to-day, 15 miles; distance in two days, 33 miles.

October 18. -Left Reed's ranch at 6. 50 a. m. ; good road to a small settlement called San Jose; distance, five miles; water good. Thence to Chino Ranch, eleven miles by good road; water two miles after leaving San Jose and two miles before reaching Chino, but intervening stretch of seven miles withut. Good camp at Chino Ranch; wood and water ample. Passed Chino two miles and camped on small stream sufficient for 500 men and train; no wood; good grazing for animals. Weather growing cooler. Distance previous, 33 miles; distnace to-day, 18 miles; distance in three days, 51 miles.

October 19. -Left camp two miles southeast of Chino Ranch at 6. 35 a. m. ; reached five miles to River Santa Ana; water all the way. The river is about seventy yards wide and two feet deep at ford; banks easy of access and evidently fordable for a mile on either side of the road; water good. Thence by rolling and partially hilly road, without water, to Greenwade's Station; there good water, wood, forage, and camp-ground. Thence three miles by rather rouhght road to Temescal; fair camp, enugh water for 500 men and train; also wood, good grazing ground. Weather pleasant. Distance previus, 51 miles; distance to-day, 17 miles; distnace in four days, 68 miles.

October 20. -Left Temescal at 6. 25 a. m. ; thence five miles by rough, hilly road without water to Lagunita; supply there scanty. Thence by first part of road, hilly and rocky, latter part level and good, to Laguna Grande. From Lagunita to Laguna Grande the distance is eight miles and no water on the road. Water sufficient for more than 300 men, and a water-hole for 100 animals, but notice, must be sent in advance to have a supply prepared. Wood abundant aud camp-ground good. Grazing fair. Weather warm. Distance previous, 68 miles; distnace to-day, 13 miles; distnace five days, 81 miles.

October 21. -Left Laguna Grande at 3. 40 a. m. ; thence by superior level road to Kline's fourteen miles and a half; no water on the road.

