
at Kline's an abundance of fine water, wood, forage, and grazing. From Kline's to Temecula, Indian village, six miles and a half by good level road, with more or less of water. At Temecula large stream of good water, easily passable; wood and forage abundant; grazing and camp-ground good. Weather warm by day; night quite cold, with heavy frost. Distance previous, 81 miles; distnace to-day, 21 miles; distance in six days, 102 miles.

October 22. -Left Temecula at 3. 35 a. m. by broken hilly road and difficult for teams, eight miles and a half, without water, and later part dusty and close to Negro Ranch, where there was good supply of water, grazing, and wood. Thence to Giftaler's by mountainus, rocky road through canons, five miles; no water on the road; a dangerous gorge, and could be used to a good advantage against en enemy. At Giftaler's, the supply of water is ample, but of poor quiality; grazing good and wood plenty. The ranch occupies a valley about two miles to-day, 13 1/2 miles; distance in seven days, 115 1/2 miles.

October 23. -Left Giftlaer's at 2. 10 a. m. by ascending thugh easily traveled road, without water, to Oak Grove; fine camp-ground, pleasant valley and adjoining thick growth of oak trees; water, forage, and grazing good. From Gifltalr's to Oak Grove ten miles, thence fifteen miles by easy rolling road through a finely wooded country to Warner's ranch. Camp Wright is located just beyond the jucntion of the Los Angeles and San Diego roads; water, forage, grazing, wood, &amp;c., all that is required for a large command. The climate is unfavorable; very windy, with hot days and cold night, and in winter said to be very inclement and unhealthy. Arrived at Camp Wright at noon. Weather pleasant. Distance previus, 115 1/2 miles; distnace to-day, 25 miles; distnace in eight days, 140 1/2 miles.

Journal of the march of Companies B, H, and I, First Infantry California Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Joseph R. West, from Camp Wright, near Warner's ranch, San Diego, toFort Yuma, Cal., pursuant to District Orders, Numbers 4, October 14, 1861.

NOTE. -This march is made by similar orders and continuation of the preceding one. Two companies were exchanged at Camp Wright. Company I left en route on the 25th October; Company B on the 26th accompanied by the commanding officer, and Company H on the 27th. An advance party of seven men had been sent forward on the 24th October to clean out the wells, and the command was divided to avoid any scarctiy of water. This, in the opinion of the writer, is the best way of crossing the desert with troops. Premising that no more than 100 men and train should reach a watering place at any one camp, the command should be divided into three divisions; the immediate commander should habitually remain with the center one. At his opinion and without fatigue he can personally communicate with all three within ten hours, and readily concentrate them if necessary. If any larger force than 300 men is marching it should be subdivided into parties of 300, with a special commander for each such subdivision. The present command was fortunate enugh to escape sand-storms, which are represented as distressing and sometime dangerous. There was no surgeon attending, but no inconvenience resulted therefrom; the health of the men was excedlelnt. The rations embraced hard bread and jerked beef. It is difficult to bake bread on all occasions on this march, and beef-cattle are not easily taken care of. Reliable persons state that sheep can be driven over the desert without food or water, and by being driven constantly will overtake troops at each halt.

