
Owing to the fact that most of the following marches were made at night, little observation of the country was practicable. That it is a desert, however, in the most comprehensive sense of the term, admits of no doubt. From Vallecito to Fort Yuma a command should commence each march at 5 p. m. The road is easily distinguished and traveled; the troops pack up more readily than at any othe rhour; they avoid the heat of daytime, and march briskly to camp and rest.

October 26, 1861. -Left Camp Wright, near Warner's ranch, with Company B at 7. 30 a. m. ; marched five miles over pleasant rolling road and wll-wooded country to a vineyard, called La Puerta, at which found fine mountain stream, but no ground for a cmpa; thence by fair road without water to San Felipe, eight miles. San Felipe is an old overland mail station; forage left by the line exists there and the pasturage is good. Wood has to be hauled four miles; water neither over abundant nor good; camp ground rather inferior. Weather very warm and close. Distance, 13 miles.

October 27. -Left San Felipe at 3. 30 a. m. by heavy hilly road to Vallecito; road sandy through bottom-land, seven miles to first hill; thence by broken road six miles, a great portion of which is acanon with but one wagon track winding between cliffs. A very small force could here impede an enemy of far superior numbers. Latter part of road more level until reaching another hill. On the left-hand side of the road, about half a mile back, is a spring that affords enough water for fifty men; thence a small rugged hill is surmounted and a valley is reached five miles in length by heavy sandy road to Vallecito. There is an old mail station in a narrow pass between two ranges of hills; water in fair supply; no wood but mesquite bushes; pastruage good, and forage left by mail line. Weather warm. Distance previus, 13 miles; distnace to-day, 17 miles; distnace in two days, 30 miles.

October 28. -Left Vallecito at 3. 30 a. m. ; marched nine miles by heavy sandy road to Palm spring; water in limited supply, and requires to be prepared for a command; the locality could be used for a camp. Thence by heavy sandy road to Carriso Creek, where there is anold mail station with some forage, but there is no pastruage in the vicinity. The country has now become a complete desert of most forbidding aspect. The creek is a small stream, affording an abundant supply of water of inferior quality; the bottom-land is filled with a stunted growth of mesquite and arrow-weed. Distance from Palm Spring to Carrios Creek is seven miles and a half. Weather intensely hot. Distnace previous, 30 miles; distance to day, 16 1/2 miles; distance in three days, 46 1/2 miles.

October 29. -Left Carriso Creek at 11. 50 p. m. October 28, following the stream and constantly crossing it; road heavy and sandy, thence over level road, with somewhat improved traveling, four miles to a short, steep hill; thence a level plain with desert brush to Sckett's Well; last part of road makes fair traveling; complete desert Sackett's Well when cleaned out affords a good supply of excellent water; it is mere water-hole, without any marks to distinguish it at the distance of 200 yards; men must be kept away from the brink, as it is liable to cave. Reached the well at daylight. Weather very warm. Distance prevous, 46 1/2 miles; distance to-day, 17 1/2 mil; es; distance in four days, 64 miles. Left Sackett's Well at 5. 45 p. m., traveling through a continuous desert; first five miles of road sandy; thence better traveling to Indian Well. This is an old station entirely deserted. The well is some thirty eet deep, water good, but not very ample supply. Signal Mountain, a prominent landmark, bears southwest, distance about fifteen miles. Reached camp at 11 p. m. Weather

