HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 9, 1861.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: On the 7th instant I was called on by Messrs. Cornelius, Maury, and Harding, of the State of Oregon, who exhibited to me a letter of instructions from the Adjutant-General,* by which I learned that they were authorized, as colonel, lieutenant-colonel, and quartermaster thereof, to raise a regiment of mounted troops for the defense of the frontier. The authority conferred on these gentlemen is ample for all purposes necessary, and any failure in raising this force (and I found them by no means sanguine of success) may be ascribed to causes familiar to the commander of the department. I gave them such information and advice as I best could, and assured them of my readiness to aid them to the full extent of my power and means. As authorized by the letter of the Adjutant-General, I mustered them into service informally and administered theoath of allegiance. They had received no blanks of any necessary kind, and will require those for mustering in, both of field and staff, and of the companies, which I have to request you will forward to me at once for them. Mr. Harding is made the mustering officer, and from what I learn of him the duties will be faithfully and carefully performed. There was considerable disinclination on his part to take the position conferred upon him, arising both from the state of his health and of his private affairs, and he was finally induced to act temporarily, on the suggestion that his services were essential to prevent a falling through of the whole matter. My advice to these genlemen, in conclusion, was to look about and select such careful, faithful, and energetic officers as might be suitable for the companies, and wait a few days for further instructions. I will endeavor to furnish them with such regulations relative to volunteers, &amp;c., as I can obtain from the published orders in my possession.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. CADY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Infantry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,La Mesilla, Ariz., November 10, 1861.

Colonel H. E. McCULLOCH,

Commanding Department of Texas, San Antonio, Tex.:

SIR: I have nothing new to report as to the movement of the enemy. My spies report that there are sixteen companies at Fort Craig and three within thirty miles of the fort, and that every effort is being made to enlist the Mexicans, who are much divided on the subject of making war upon Texans or of takingk any part in the war at all. There exists, too, disaffection among the regular troops, who have not been paid, many of them for one year and a half. There is a large train at Craig and quantities of supplies are being hauled there. All this would indicate that the enemy intend to make a move of some sort. I shall have them watched closely, and, should they come down, I have my supplies at Bliss, and transportation ready to move it down to Quitman or Davis, if necessary. I shall, with my mounted force, push to Santa Fe, and hodl the country until the arrival of General Sibley. A party of citizens from California, who have joined my forces, report great exitement in Southern California. They know of no troops marching

---------------

*See September 24, p. 632.

---------------

