
for Arizona, but say that Fort Yuma is being strongly re-enforced. I am convinced that a strong force stationed in Western Arizona would enable us to get hundreds of good Southern men, well armed and mounted, who are anxious to join our cause, and this would enable us to watch Sonora, and prevent United States troops from crossing that State, and, what is of importance, open communication with Guaymas and other posts on the Pacific, where we must, of necessity, get most of our supplies. I will keep you advised of all matters here, and act as circumstances may direct.

I have the honor to be, respectfully,

JOHN R. BAYLOR,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Texas Mounted Rifles, P. A. C. S.

LOS ANGELES, November 11, 1861.

Colonel CARLETON:

DEAR SIR: For the past three days I have been confined to my room and to my bed, or I would have visited you at Camp Latham. Parties are, I am informed, passing here en route east toward Texas. One party of about twenty left here on Saturday or Sunday, and another small party arrived yesterday, as I am informed. Some of the men have acquaintances in this city and have endeavored to get themto join their party. I think it would be a good plan if some rleiable person coldbe induced to join them, and go with them as far ast least as Fort Yuma. Some of these men are still in town, and more are expected in a day or two. I now think there is cause to feqar an attack on Fort Yuma. If my health will permit I will go out to your camp in the stage to-morrow morning.

Yours,

J. J. WARNER.

12 m. -I have this moment learned that Showalter is now in this city. I have accordingly opened this letter to apprise you of the fact.

J. J. W.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., November 11, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel A. CADY,

Seventh Regiment of Infantry, Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 1st instant, wherein you state the disposition made of the volunteer force under your command, I am directed by the general commanding the department to say that yur action is approved.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Franciso, Cal., November 11, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel A. CADY,

Seventh Regiment of Infantry, Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: Captain Whittlesey's letter* with inclosed petitions having been submitted for the consideration of the general commanding the

---------------

*See Logan to Whittlesey, October 18, p. 665.

---------------

