
department, I am directed to say that, notwithstanding the general fully concurs with the representations made therein as to the importance of retaining the regular troops in the District of Oregon, yet under the existing orders from the War Department he cannot autohrize a suspension of their removal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Franciso, Cal., November 12, 1861.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

California Vols., Commanding Dist. of Southern California, Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department has persued with much satisfaction your commanding of the 5th instant, and the accompanying letters, and highly commends the activity of Lieutenant-Colonel West, Major Rigg, and others, and the prompt measures adopted for the preservation of order in the southern part of this State. The general desires you to cause early requisitions to be made here for all supplies the troops may require, except such as can be procured in the neighbhrood at reasonable rates. You will also, the general directs, consdier the propriety of at once strenghtrening the garrions of Yuma. A company of cavalry would be of great service at that point, if forage can conveniently be had, and at a reasonable price. Instructions with reference to the removal of the camp at Warner's ranch were communicated on the 2nd instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, November 12, 1861.

Lieutenant BEN. C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Southern Dis. of California, Los Angeles:

LIEUTENANT: I beg leave to represent to the colonel commanding the Southern District of California that the commander of this post should be provided with presents for distribution to the Indians. Their aid is asked and required in obtaining information of the movements of the enemy, and nothing but promises of good treatment and friendgly assurances can be offered in requital. The value of $1,000 in blankets and leaf tobacco distributed among the principal chiefs would in my opinion be a judicous expenditure. I inclose herwith weekly return of this garrison, also journal of my late march from Los Angeles to the post. *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant Colonel First Infantry California Vols., Commanding Post.

---------------

*See p. 710.

---------------

