
they had left, so himself and his hired man, Mitchell, went out to the field to work, and both of them were shot. Private Campbell went out also against the corporal's orders, and was killed ere he got five steps from the door. I have just heard from Hoopa that a certain Indian there said this band intends burning all the houses and killing all the men on Redwood Creek this week. I have my company in so many places that I have no force to scout with at present. In fact, I do not see that scouting parties can do any good in the field so long as we have good summer weather, but they can protect the few families now left as well as the trails for travelers. I will wait further orders here.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

C. D. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers.

First Lieutenant JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

Adjutant Second Infantrunteers,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.

Numbers 4.

Report of Lieutenant Henry Flynn, Second California Infantry.

FORT ANDERSON, May 15, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the return of the detachment under my command which left this post on the 1st instant for the purpose of scouting for Indians. I left Fort Anderson on the 1st of this moth with twenty men and fifteen days' provisions. I sent my pack traind irect to Long Prairie, and taking my men I proceed up Redwood Creek about seven miles above this place. I thenc rossed the creek and searched some very suspicious canons, which lie between the creek and Bald Mountain, but coudl not find any signs of Indians. I camped at Long Prairie this night. The second day I scouted the country in this vicinity. The third day I went down the North Fork of Mad River and encamped on a prairie that runs down to the river from Liscombe's Hill. The fourth day I scouted in this vicinity. The fifth day I proceeded donw the North Fork to the trail that leads to Angel's ranch from Bates' ranch. Sixth day I divided my command in small parties, and scouted in all directions for trails, as I had good reasons to believe that there were Indians about here. Seventh day I continued the search. I returned to the ranch at 3 o'clock with a few men that were with me, and while my men were eating their dinner a band of Indians crawled up within fifty days of us and fired a volley at myself and the guide, wounding the guide very badly. The Indians being in the timber, it was impossible to see them. I rushed into the timber after them, but they retreated at a double-quick. I continued the searcht the 8th and 9th. The tenth day I found some fresh signs at the mouth of Maple Creek, on Mad River, about three miles from Fort Lyon. The eleventh day returned to Croghan's ranch. The twelfth day put four days' rations in our haversacks and returned to Mad River. Continued on down the river, finding an occasional ranch that had been vacated but a short time. The thirteenth day continued on down the river. The fourteenth day I started at daybreak and found a ranch of Indians about 7 a. m. They saw me about fifteen minutes before I arrived at their

