
transportation. The health of the men is generally good. There are no local diseases to be feared here, except such as arise from bad whisky and diseased women.

Ordnance and ordnance stores. -I inclose herewith a copy of the list turned over to me by the late commander. The four 12-pounder mountain howitzers can only be used at short range against an assault. Pieces of 12-pounders or 18-pounders planted on the hill on the other side of the river woud do us great damage. The howitzers and ammunition need much preparation for active service. This is being done. The supply of shell, shot, &amp;c., is limited. I shall endeavor to increase it by making canister out of musket buck-and-ball cartridges. For muskets I have on hand 28,000 rounds and 11,000 expandign bullets, as per list herewith; 14,000 brought with me and 6,000 in hand sof company commanders. Total, 59,000 rounds; an ampel supply. With diligence I trust soon to feel better satisfied with the conditin of this branch of our defense.

Subsistence. -I inclose herewith a statement of the acting commissary of subsistence showing the condition of this department in a shape that requires no comment at my hands.

Quartermaster's department. -Further examination is needed into supplies generally before a report can be submitted. I inclose requisition for clothing, of which there is great need. It is [for] the incompleted quota of the three companies here for the first six months of their service.

Supplies on the way. -I am not apprised of any. Those for which the steamer has gone below are included in quantities on hand.

Respectfully, &c.,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant Colonel First Infty. California Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, November 13, 1861.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

Will you please order the necessary force (probably one or two regiments), if possible under Colonel Carleton, to protect the Overland Mail Route; the number of troops to be employed is left to your discretion. Please confer with Louis McLane about the location of the troops.

GEO. M. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding U. S. Armies.
HEADQUARTERS,Foert Yuma, November 13, 1861.

[Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Southern District of California, Los Angeles:]

DEAR COLONEL: I have looked over my letter of yesterday before closing the express this morning. It is rather sensational, but I see nothingk in it that reflection does not confirm. I have been over the river this morning to have an earnest talk with Mr. Joseph Hooper and his partner about the steamer's being so much behind time, now nearly forty-eight hours. They are in no wise apprhensive about her, but attribute the delay to some accident. This idea is confirmed by reports

