
of the Indians, who state that she was going down the river four days after she left here. This implies an accident-perhaps the rudder knocked off, &amp;c. Of course I shall be uneasy until I ascertain the cause of the delay. I am throwing up one work 350 feet-faces on a low hill west of and adjoining the fort-and three smaller ones at different points. This gives us plenty of work. Also drilling all spare time, and artillery detachment at it constantly. As Mose says, I shall 'spile" for a fight in about a week. Much was to be accomplished, but I shall soon have matters all snug in my grasp and then hold them so. There is a lull in all exitement about attacks, but I am not inclined thereby to relax vigilance. I think it would be quite worth while for the Government to send down by sea to mouth of river the two pieces of artillery that I have asked for. Somebody will be to blame, unless greater efforts are made to hold this post, enemy or no enemy.

Yours,

WEST.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, November 13, 1861-8 p. m.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Southern District of California, Los Angeles:

COLONEL: I believe that I can accomplish my present object best by addressing you in person. Hadji Ali, the expressman, left here at 1. 30 p. m., and the steamer was at the landing in one hour afterward, setting at rest all anxiety on that account. I am so impressed with the policy of holding this post securely, if held at all, that I am induced to address you again on the subject, a different plan for re-enforcing it having suggested itself since my letter of yesterday was written. For this plan I am indebted to Captain Johnson, of the steamer Cocpah. It is an economical one, and permits of the retention of the command at Warner's ranch also. Captain Johnson is of the opinion (and leaves here believing that he is prepared to contract with Governmenjt to that end) that 300 men, with 150 tons of freight, two pieces of artillery, &c., can be landed here in ten days from San Francisco at an expsence not to exceed $20,500, viz: Charter a steamer to mouth of Colorado from San Francisco to carry 300 men and 150 tons of freight, $10,000; passage 300 men from mouth to Fort Yuma, at $10, $3,000; freight, 150 tons, from mouht to Fort Yuma, at $50, $7,500; total, $20,500. If this can be done it would, in my opinion, be a most judcisious expenditure, and would, I believe, secure beyond question the possession of this post against any force the enemy can bring against it. Fort Yuma is a valuable position to be retained by the United States Government. It has cost a vast amount of money, holds a large amount of stores, and possesses great strategix importance, as you are aware. Its abandonment wold be equivalent to a loss of $1,000,000 by the United States, and contrary to the spirit that dictates the holding of all Federal property. I am not now conscious of any attempts to be made or projects entertained by the enemy for getting possession of it. I am not alarmed for the safety of my command, as the way of retreat is easy should an overwhelming force advance upon me. But I see here a valuable position, both in a military and moral point of view, at the mercy of such a force as the enemy can bring against it, and I assume that it is my duty to suggest that it be held securely, and how that shall be done. Three companies of the five regiments raised in California subsequent to our own could very probably be spared for the service. They are

46 R R-VOL L, PT I

