
either at or convenient to San Franciso. Tehy could be landed here by the 12th to 15th proximo, should the department commander see the justice of my views. With 600 men the post coudl be made a fortfiation in a short tiem. Now its weaknes consists in its many assailable points, requiring a larger force for its successful defense than its present garrison numbers. The three additional companies could be encampedin the immediate vicinity of the post without detriment to thei rhealth, I am told by the surgeon here. The 150tons of freight and the stores that I have notrified you of as being on hadn will amply provide for them. They could be employed from the 15th of December to 15th of April in defending and fortifying, and be withdrawn when the weather became too warm, and leave the place stronger than it is now. Should the enemy attempt the passage of the river I could dispute it with him fifty miles up or down. Now I dare not leave it. Its extensive area makes it indefensible unless occupied by a sufficient force, and if the enemy plants heavy artillery across the river he wuld make it untenable, and I have no pieces to prevent him. If I have given satisfactory reasons for the re-enforcement of the post (you will remember that your original order was for six companies), I believe that Captain Johnson can take charge of the whole matter of transportation advantageously for the Government. He is a responsible man, and can give security for the performance of his contracts. I have no wish to assist them to make money improperly.

As a friend I should lieke to see him succeed. I believe that he could facilitate affairs by contracting through to Fort Yuma from San Francisco. The present project has been elicited by asking him how it could be accomplished. The idea originated with myself, the means from him. Every accommodation except quarters exists for the additinal force; they would be far more comfortable than in any camp with the convenience of the post adjacent. In conclusion, I repeat that this is a weak and valuable postwithin the enemy's reach. I have given my opinions why thisisso, anditremains for those having authority to adopt such course as they deem proper. I see no pressing danger, and my honest convictions are that the enemy is not likely to advance against it. He can come, and he can take it, and it is against those two possiblities that I wish to secure the Government; but as long as I am here I shall do my bst to hold it, re-enforced or not.

Yours, very respectfully,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 13, 1861.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal. ;

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that Company D, Third Artillery, and Company E (Crowninshield's), Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, left this post yesterday to embark on the steamer Pacific for their respective destinations, Camp Pickett and Fort Steilacoom. The relieved garrisons of those posts, as also Company B, Ninth Inantry, now here, having arrived on the 9th instant, may be looked for at San Francisco by the Pacific about the 22nd instant.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. CADY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Infantry, Commanding District.

