
ADJUTANT-GNEERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 15, 1861.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER:

(Care of Quartermaster, Numbers 6 State street, New York.)

Bring all of your troops at once to this city.

By command of General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., November 15, 1861.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: At 11 o'clock this morning I received your telegraphic dispatch of the 13th instant. On the 17th instant I shall forward the return called for, as complete as circumstances will admit of. In the meantime, in order to keep the Department fully informed of the progrress we are making in organizing the volunteers in this State, I will give you a synopsis of the different regiments. The First Cavalry, a battalion of five companies, has been filled and is posted in the southern district of the State. The Second Cavalry, consisting of twelve companies, has been filled. Two of the companies are at Fort Churchill, one at Fort Crook, one at Fort Seward, one at Benicia, and the remaining seven are in camp four miles from this city. Both of the cavalry regiments have their homes, but thus far they have only been drilled on foot. They are undergoing a thorough course of dicipline and instruction. The First Infantry has been organized and is nearly full.

The regiment is statined at Fort Yuma and other points in the southern district. The Second Infantry has its headquarters at the Presidio, near this city. Five companies of the regiment have been organized and sent under a field officer to Oregon, to relieve some of the regular troops in that district. The remaining five companies will, I think, be filled in the course of amonth. The Third Infantry has its headquarters near Stockton, in this State. Four companies have been detached to relieve the regulars at Forts Ter-Waw, Gaston, Bragg, and Seward. The remaining six companies will soon be filled. The Fourth Infantry has its headquarters near Auburn, in this State. Five companies of this regiment, under the lieutenant-colonel, have already been sent to the District of Oregon, and the remaining five will soon be filled. The Fifth Infantry is near the city of Sacramento. No detachments have been made from this regiment.

The recruiting is progressing favorably. I think we can rely upon it that all the regiments will be filled by the close of the year. A rigid course of discipline and instructions has been instituted in all the regiments; the officers are generally enthusiasitc and zealous in the discharge of their duties, and are to be commended for their assiduity in acquiring a knowledge of their duties. On the steamer which left here on the 11th I sent no tropsEast; they could not reach here in season. On the steamer leaving on the 21st I shall embark three companies of the Sixth Infantry, now at Benicia, and three of the Sixth and two of the Fourth Infantry, at San Diego, the whole commanded by Colonel Seawell, Sixth Infantry. I expect to send the last of the regular troops in the department to New York on the steamer of the 11th proximo.

