HDQRS. DETACH. 1ST Regiment INFGY. CALIFORNIA VOLS.,CampWright, near Warner's Ranch San Diego County, Southern California, November 15, 1861.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding California Volunteers, Lost Angeles, Cal.:

COLONEL: I wrote to you on the 13th isntant informing you of the arrival at this campof Colonel Andrews with two companies of troops (infantry) from Fort Yuma, en route for San Diego-one company Fourth Infantry, U. S. Army, CaptainDryer, and one companisy Sixth Infantry, Captain McCleary. Colonel Andrews turned over the command here to Captain Dryer, and left on the morning of the 14th for Los Angeles. I had written to you expecting that he would arrive there before the express would get through, but the thought differently, and you will receive my communication of that date and this at the same time. The train arrived as expected, and at an early hour this morning Captain Dryer'scommand left for San Diego. At 11 a. m. the balance of the troops came in from Fort Yuma under command of Captain Bryant, two companies of the Sixth Infantry, and will leave to-morrow morning. They did not, as you seemed to expect from your last letter to me, bring any of the teams belonging to the post. Banning's teams furnished the transportation. I have, as instructed, discharged them here, but Captain Dryer thinks that he will not have transportation enough, and thinks that he will employ one of Banning's teams to take him toSan Diego. I have infomred himthat ifthe employs extra tranpsortation he willhave to do so upon his own respnsibility. I have given the whole command thirteen wagons, keeping the post teams to haul our fuel, and two teams (the mules broken down) to haul in hay and barley. I furnished to express with two mules here, as you directed and of course have to take the ambulance mules (two). Colonel West took one more with him from the samet eam, leaivng one here. Mrs. MacGowan arrived here, and for her transportation I was obliged to send the express mule sin the ambulance to meet and change, but it was not done, and the express takes mules from here. I would respectfully suggest that I should have here mules expressly for the express. I am obliged to break a team to furnish him with a change, and even then the animals are not in condition for the expressman's use. They are working every day, and when he requires a change the animals that I have to furnish are not in condtiionfor the use of your express. I must either spike teams, and thus cut short our transportation teams, or I should have mules or horses for express use, and nothing else. I released CaptainGorley, captain Company D, from arrest with areprimand. He is now getting along very well, and doing his duty with spriit and energy. It commenced raining here on the eveningk of the 13th and has kept it up, but moderately until last at 9 p. m., when it commenced in good earnest, and from that time until this, midnight, it has rained incessantly. The two companies now here are encampedwith us. I am proud to say, without being accused of egotism, that our companies lose nothing Good order and qujietness prevail through camp at this hour. The detachment of cavalry are drilling and perfecting themselves for active service. I have not as yet had occasion to use them much, except to cover the main road, but in a few days their duties will be extended. I woud again call your attentinto the fact that we are without pants for the men. As I wrote to you in a former letter, Colonel West took 100 pairs of infantry pants from here, leaving but twenty pairs of cavalry pants here for our use, which have all but some fifteen pairs been drawn or issued. The

