
2. Special reports on the foregoing subject will be made as soon as practicable by commanding officers, noting particularly the quantity, quality, and price of such articles as can be contracted for in the country road their posts.

3. Organization of volunteer regiments and companies will not have reference to any State organization, but will be in strict conformity with General Orders, Numbers 15, of May 4, 1861, from the War Department, and subsequent orders modifying the same.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 214. San Francisco, Cal., November 16, 1861.

* * * * * *

2. The headquarters of the Third Regiment of California Volunteer Infantry will be established at Benicia Barracks. The companies of this regiment will be placed in camp near the barracks.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., November 16, 1861.

(Received 25th.)

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Lost Angeles, Cal.:

The troops to concentrate at San Diego will sail on the next steamer. Send word to Andrews.

By order:

RICHD. C. DURM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DETACH. 1ST Regiment INFTY. CALIFORNIA VOLS.,Camp Wright, Warner's Ranch, San Diego County, Southern California, November 17, 1861.

[Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON, First California Volunteers, Commanding:]

COLONEL: Your letter of the 9th containing instructions in reference to Colonel Andrews' command was received this morning too late for me to act. I had already given him transportation for his command, and I suppose by this time he has arrived at Los Angeles in person. The train arrived here just in time for him to get it without any delay, and to-day they are all in San Diego. I followed your instructions and discharged Banning's and Kitchen's train at once. Your letter received to-day instructed me to take that train and move to Oak Grove or Temecula, but too late-they had gone. I sent on a messenger to Oak Grove, where I knew they would encamp the first night, and requested Mr. Sanford to return here this morning in time tomake the return trip, thus not losing time, not feeling authorized, under your positive orders to discharge them at this point, to order or employ them. Mr. Sanford wrote to me that he would very much like to accommodate me and my command, but that his teams could not do it; his animals were worn out; and although he would like to accommodate me without extra

