
have not heard from him. I would like to know from you what disposition to make of him. The Indians have heretofore tired their own people, but they have learend that they have a new chief, and respectfully submit the case to him. At all events, I would like to be advised whether I shoud hand him back to his people for trial, or what to do with him. I was interrupted by a cry, "The hospital tent is down!" and found it partially true. By lashign and trying it was kept from coming down. We have had a stormy night of it. The guard tents have blownk down. Officers' tents, kitchen tents, tent in which I had the ammunition, and a number of others were laid to the ground. It was a gale, and the rain came down in torrents. I think that I have never seen it rain harder. Our tents were all full of water. The men were cheerful and worked hard all night. The morning broke with but little change, excepting it did not rain so hard. The hills all around us are covered with snow. Ice was formed on our tents and ropes. We have had really a specimen of the weather I had reason to expect. I cannot get away from here until our train comes up. We managed to keep our sick from the weather by using lal the blankets we could find, the men cheerfully going without themselves. As they were out all night and wet they had no use for them. It continues raining and hailing, but with less wind. We are preparing for another stormy night. It is impossible for the compamy officers to have all the returns ready that you require by this messenger. Their tents are wet, and writing or ruling is almost out of the question. I have directed them to forward to your letters of explanation. I hope this storm will blow over soon, or we will be in a bad fix. I called your attention in a former letter to you to Jones, of Company D, against whom charges were preferred by Lieutenant Martin.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG.

LOS ANGELES, November 18, 1861.

(Receivh.)

Major R. C. DRUM:

The regulars from Yuma left Camp Wright for San Diego on the 16th instant.

JAMES H. CARLETON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., November 18, 1861. (Received 25th.)

Colonel J. H. CARLETON,

Los Angeles, Cal.:

Colonel West will take command of the district. Send for him to come to Los Angeles. You will report here as soon as possible, without awaiting West's arrival.

By order of General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 57. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 18, 1861.

Companies B and I, Ninth Infantry, will embark on the steamer Pacific on her return from the sound and proceed to San Francisco,

