
ranch. They crossed the river on their fish dam, and then cut it away, so that I could not follow them over the river. They fought me about one hour. I killed six of them. None of my men received a wound. The Indians retreated up the hill. I then destroyed all their provisions, beds, clothing, &amp;c. All my men behaved admirably throughout the engagement. I found a quantity of powder and gun-caps. There were about 150 Indians in this band, and it was useless for me to follow them with fifteen men. This is the tribe that murdered Mr. Bates, as I found some of his papers in their ranch.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully,

H. FLYNN,

First Lieutenant, Second Infantry California Volunteers.

Captain C. D. DOUGLAS,

Commanding Fort.

Numbers 5.

Report of Lieutenant Charles G. Hubbard, Second California Infantry.

UPPER MATTOLE, Camp Olney, June 20, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 65, with a detachment of fifteen men from Company A, Second Infantry California Volunteers, I marched from Camp Swasey on the 31st day of May, and arrived at my present camp on Mattole River on the 5th day of June, 1862, stopping one day in Lower Mattole for rest, and to ascertain the most eligible position for me to operate from in order to fully carry out the scope and intentions of the roder above referred to, and the letter of instructions accompanying the same. My present camp was selected by me after due consultation with those appearing to me to be best acquainted with this valley, and, from careful examination and extended scouts, I am satisfied that my present location is the very best that could have been selected for the present, being convenient to Kishka and the coast, Lower Mattole, and the country on Bull Creek, South Fork of Eel River, and Eel River. The day after my arrival at this camp, I started with twelve men of my command and seven citizens, with ten days' rations, to scout and pursue the band of Indians who have heretofore been committing most of the depredations in this neighborhood, and on the 7th of June, about 7. 30 p. m., with a portion of the command, were successful in discovering and attacking a ranch of Indians on a small branch of the Mattole River, about twenty miles southerly from camp, and in an almost ianccessible canon, the ranch containing about twenty idnains, large and small, killing 4 Indians, and mortally wounding 1 buck and 1 squaw, and taking prisoners 3 squaws, 2 children, and 1 boy about twelve years of age, the balance escaping in the darkness. Unfortunately they were discovered too late in the day to capture the largest portion of the band, some ten bucks and as many squaws having left for Eel River a few hours before; among those killed being an, the murderer of Mr. Wise, who was killed last fall in this valley, taking from his person a Colt revolver, recognized as the property of one of the citizens of this valley, and another of the killed, an Indian named Jim, who was leader in the robberies of Messers. Porter's and Aldrich's houses, and described as one of the most vicious characters of the gang of Indian thieves who infest this valley; the boy now

