
Ruby Valley 98 miles from Simpson's, and Camp Floyd is 217 miles in advance of Ruby Valley. The weather for many days past has been tempsestuaous in the extreme, and the snow on the mountains is reported as very deep, and it may be next to an impossibility for the troops to cross over with their necessary supplies. Were it not for the starving condition of the Indians, no fears need be entertained of their commiting any depredations. Twenty thousand dollars' worth of provisions, annually distributed to the friendly tibes along this section of the route, would save the Government vast sums of money. The contracts made last summer for the transportation of our supplies from this place to Ruby Valley were at the rate of about $400 per ton; and at this season it will coast much more. Everything is quiet on this coast; nothign of importance has transpired since my communication to the Adjutant-General of the Army, dated on the 16th instant, a copy of which was forwarded to the Headquarters of the Army. I have removed the Third Infantry California Volunteers from Stockton to Benicia Barracks. Four companies of this regiment are already at their stations; the remaining six have been organized, and are progressing favorably in recruiting. Clothing for all the troops in the department is being made here. Very soon the supply will be ample and of a superior quality, at a reasonable rate. On the 8th I inspected the troops at Fort Point, one company, Third Artillery, commanded by Brevet Major Austine, and on the 13th I inspected the troops at Alcatraz Island, two companies, Third Artillery, commanded by Major Burton. It affords me pleasure to report that I found the troops in high order. The armament of the fort, althugh incomplete, was found in handsome condition, and ready for any emergency.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., November 20, 1861.

Lieutenant JAMES P. MARTIN,

Seventh Infty., Commanding Co. D, Sixth Infty., Fort Bragg, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department directs that you will march your company to Mendocino and be prepared to embark without delay on the return of the steamer Columbia from Crescent City.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., November 20, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel A. CADY,

Seventh Infantry, Commanding District of Oregon:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding the department to say, in reply to your letter of the 9th instant, that such supplies as can be furnished fromFort Vancouver without detriment to the service may be issued to Colonel Cornelius or the quartermaster of the Oregon regiment. This, of course, does not include horses or horse equipments.

