
If Colonel Cornelius desires to be furnished with clothing for his regiment he will make a requisition on the deputy quartermaster-general at these headquarters, when the general will give the necessary directions for having the clothing made in this city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., November 21, 1861.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have this day forwarded to you by steamer a return of troops of this department. It is made up of the latest reports we have received. My troops are occupying a vast extent of country, extending from Yuma in the south to Colville in the north, a distnace of about 2,000 miles over the route usually marched. The severe snow-storm in the mountains has completely blocked up the mail route east; and it will probably be several days before they can resume their regular trips. In the meantime I shall avail myself of the telegraph and the tri-monthly steamers to communicate with headquarters. Colonel Seawell sailed on the steamer to-day with three companies, Sixth Infantry. At San Diego he will receive five additional companies. Major Lovell, Tenth Infantry; Major Flint, Sixteenth Infantry, and Brevet Major Andrews, Third Artillery, I have placed on duty with Colonel Seawell's command. The last steamer from Oregon brought down two companies of the Ninth Infantry, and on the steamer now due I expect five more companies of the same regiment. They will all go East on the steamer of the 1st of December. The companies from Forts Dalles, Walla Walla, and Colfille may be looked for by the 10th of December. Lieutenant Mullan has 100 good men of the Ninth Infantry as escort to the Walla Walla and Fort Benton wagon-road expedition. An order was sent early in October for those men to join their companies, since which we have heard nothing from them. The last general order I have received from your office was Numbers 89, of 11th of October, a single copy only. I have not yet received the Revised Army Regulations. I would suggest that in sending out books, and large packages, the ocean route be used. Quiet pervades the Pacific Slope.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, November 21, 1861.

Lieutenant BENJAMIN C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Southern Dis. of California, LosAngeles:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report as follows upon the crossings of the River Colorado at points adjacent to this post, and upon the measures that I have adopted for their security: I found upon assuming command that Mr. Yager, had a ferry at Pilot Knob, ten miles down the river. The boats used at that point have by my orders been brought to the post, and are under my control. Mr. Yager's main ferry is still one mile below the post. At that point I have constantly kept a picket guard of thirteen men, under charge of an officer, and no one

