
is permitted to cross the river unless by my orders. This ferry will be removed immediately opposite the post as soon as a necessary road and landing can be completed. The work will be finished by the first of the coming week. The main crossing of the Colorado has been heretofore done at Gonzales' Ferry, about thirty milesbelow this post, both by Mexicans traveling to and from Sonora, and by all the parties of disaffected persons who were making thei rexit fro California. Fort hese reasons, and also because the boats there could have been availed of by an enemy designing to attack my position, I recently sent Captain William P. Caloway with a detachment, with instructions to either send the boats up to the fort or to destroy them. The former course not being feacile the latter was adopted. Altohough this ferry was located in Mexican territory, and its owner a citizen of that Government, it was such a disadvantage as in my judgment warranted the steps taken, under orders from the district commander, to seize and hold all ferry boats on the Colorado River. The crossings below this postwere, first, Yager's main ferry, onem ile down the river (this is about being removed to the fort); seocnd, Yager's Ferry at Pilot knob (this has been discontinued); third, Cooke's Old Ferry, six miles below Aldogdones (there has been no bat at that point for several months); Fourth, paddock's Old Ferry (had been for a long time obsolete); fifth, Gonzales' Ferry (broken up as noted above). At the latter point travelers who wish to avoid this post may resort to swimming their animals upon discovering that the boats have been destroyed. Tehre is scarcely an available ford anywhere on the river below Fort Yuma. Casual travelers might for in one or two places, but no force could be crossed with either artillery or provisions. This conclusion is formed from information deemed reliable, and is corroborated by Captain Calloway, who proceeded with his detachment on board the steamer C down the river and returned. At the Colorado mines, twenty miles abover the fort, there were three boats-one (mr. Yager's, in a lagoon adjoining the river) I had destroyed by that gentleman's consent. The other two, belonging to parties residing in that vicinity, were brought here by a detachment under Lieutenant Mitchell, sent out by my orders. At this last point an enemy's force could be crossed by fording and using rafts. The water is about breast deep, and there is enough dry cottonwood to furnish rafts. At present I judge this to be the point whereat the danger of an enemy's crossing is most to be apprehended. The roads diverging from the Alamo and New River Stations to Gonzales' Ferry have been referred to in my previous communications. On my march here I had some opportunites of examining them, and I find the information then obtained of service. Any further measures that may suggest themselves for the further security of the crossing of the river shall be promptly adopted.

Respectfuly, &amp;c.,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infty., California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

CAMP ALERT, November 21, 1861.

Brigadier-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

GENERAL: We, the officers of the Second Regiment Cavalry California Volunteers, beg leave to respectfully submit for your cnsideration and adjudication the following questions, which materially affect

