
their allegiance to the General Government and their duties as officers in the service of the United States.

First. Which are we to consider of paramount importance and authority, our allegiance to the Federal Government or that which we owe to this State?

Second. If our allegiance is primarily due to the Federal Government, are we to obey orders directed to us from the State Government?

Third. If our allegiance is due first to the State Government of California, are we bound to obey the Federal Army authorities?

Fourth. The oath of allegiance taken by each and all of us, as well as by themen under our orders, was to the Government of the United States of America, and utterly exlusive, even to abnegation of State allegiance. Are we to be held by this oath, or was it of no effect?

Fifth. Are we to understand that the Governor or any other State authority of California is rightfully empowered to take charge and control of such property belonging to the Federal Government as may be required for the use and subsistence of the various volunteer corps called into existence by the Federal Government for the suppression of State rebellion and treason?

Sixth. Has the Governor of California any rightfull authority to fill vacancies among the officers of this or any other volunteer regiment, which has been or may be called into the field by the General Government, after such regiment has been duly organized, accepted, commissioned, and turned over to the Federal Government or its legally appointed agents?

Seventh. If the Second Regiment Cavalry California Volunteers were serving at the East, and vacancies should occur among its officers, would those vacacies be filled by the dictatorial authirity of the Governor of California, or would the Federal authorities exercise that power?

The officers of the Second Regiment Cavalry California Volunteers most earnestly disclaimthe slightest intention to utter one word or make one inquiry that can be construed as evincing any want of respect whatever to the properly constituted authorities, either Federal or State, always hoping that they will be the first to set apraiseworthy example either as citizens or soldiers, but they find themselves involved in the most serious and perplexing doubts, whch materially impair their usefulness and check the full expression of their loyalty and devotion country and her majestic cause. They therefore unite in respectfully asking their chief military commander on this far-distant coast to solve the doubts and direct them aright.

Most respectfully submitted.

JOHN C. CREMONY,

Captain Company B,

JAMES WINNE,

Captain Company G,

ALBERT BROWN,

Captain Company L,

[AND 10 OTHER OFFICERS.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 218. San Francisco, Cal., November 22, 1861.

1. The headquarters of the First Regiment of Cavalry will, until the 1st proximo, be established at Benicia Barracks.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

