HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., November 22, 1861.

His Excellency J. W. NYE,

Governor of Nevada Territory, Carson City:

SIR: I have received instructions from the Headquarters of the Army to send a regiment of troops, or more if I deem it necessary, to protect the Overland Mail Route. The command will be under Colonel Carleton, and will move as soon as the necessary arrangements can bemade. I am informed that it is next to an impossibility for troops with their supplies to cross the mountains at this time, and my object in addressing Your Excellency is to obtain reliable data as to the practicability of the route, and particularly as to the condition of the Indians and the probability of their committing depredations on the stock of the mail company. As soon as practicable I design to establish troops at Simpson's Park, Ruby Valley, and Camp Floyd, and in the meantime is it within yur power to issue such provisions to the starving Indians along the route as may be necessary for their existnece? I have an extra supply of provisions at Fort Churchill, and although I am not authorized to issue to Indians, except in small quantities, yet I should not hesitate to sell it to the Indian Department, under existing circumstances, even if the Department should not be in funds, not doubting that such a course would be approved. I shall esteem it a favor to receive your views on the subject, with any suggestions you may deem pertinent. I have been assigned to the command of the department and remain on this coast. A service of more than nine years on the Pacific has familiarized me with the whole country and also with the character and temper of the inhabitants. The Union loving people of this coast are vastly in the ascendant, thei rfiat has gone forth, and no secession doctrine can flourish here. Nevertheless it behooves us to be watchful at all times. I shall not assume a threatening attitude, for the purpose of warning our enemies tnlawful acts, but pursuing the even tenor of my way, ever observant of impending events, and ready at all times to enforce a due respect and observance of the Constitution and laws of our country; and if it becomes my duty to act, I shall do so fearlessly, and without regard to personal consequences, feeling assured that I shall receive the cordial support of every true and loyal citizen on the Pacific Coast.

With great respect, I have the honorto be Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Bragg, November 23, 1861.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

SIR: I have the honor to report to you thatk I have this day relieved Lieutenant James P. Martin, Seventh Infantry, in command of this post. I have appointed First Lieutenant Thomas S. Bridges, acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary, and Second Lieutenant Joseph C. Morrill, post adjutant.

J. B. MOORE,

Captain Company B, Third Regiment California Volunteers.

