HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., November 24, 1861.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor herewith to inclose a copy of a letter which I have just received from Lieutenant-Colonel West, commanding at Fort Yuma. * A few days since I wrote a private letter to the general commanding the department, in which I suggested sending by sea to Yuma two 18-pounders, with ammunition, &amp;c., and a supply of barley for fity picket cavalry, &c. I still think this will be re-enforcement enough. When I have filled West's companies to 102 each, and send him fifty cavalry, he will have a force of numerical strength equal to seven ordinary companies of regulars. It would seem that an officer handling these men well, as West would be likely to do, they would trouble a larger force travel-worn and with a formidable river in front of them. As soon as I learn the barley is sent I will make arrangements to cut some hay. Mr. Hooper informs me this is a good time of year to get hay at Yuma.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 25, 1861.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF CALIFORNIA,

San Francisco:

SIR: It is found be experience that competition by agenst of States, authorized to purchase arms, in competition with agents of the Government, is highly detrimental to thepublic service, as it advances prices both to the States and to the United States, the loss of which may ultimately fall upon the General Government. To avoid this competition you are respectfully requested to withdraw all agents for the purchase of arms, in order that the Government of the United States may make all such purchases with the greatest possible economy, and remove the present inducement for speculators to withhold arms from the service. The arms will be distributed to the troops of the several States as soon as received.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., November 25, 1861.

Captain J. C. CREMONY, AND OTHER OFFICERS OF THE SECOND REGIMENT CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEER CAVALRY:

(Through Colonel Sims, Commanding Camp Alert, Cal.)

GENTLEMEN: The general commanding the department has carefully examined the subject submitted in your communication of the 21st instant with reference to the organization of volunteer regiments, their rights under the law, &c., and directs me to answer categorically as follows: First. Your alelgiance is first due to the General Government.

---------------

*See West to Carleton, 13th, p. 721.

---------------

