
report theron has been received from him. Lieutenant Wildrick, Third Artillery, acting assistant adjutant-general at the time the orders were sent, and who is now at San Francisco, can furnish full particulars in regard to the transmission of the orders both to and beyond Walla Walla.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. CADY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Infantry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Hoskins, Oreg., November 25, 1861.

Lieutenant WILDRICK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I am directed by the commanding officer of this post to make the following statement: Prior to his arrival at this post the disaffected around this part of the country, as he learns, exulted in the withdrawal of the troops, supposing that the garrison would be a little more favorable to their views. Finding it was not so they seem to have kept pretty still until the garrison was reduced, when they seem to be again about to give some trouble. It seems by the statements made daily and hourly for the past few days that the late commander aided the inhabitants in their nefarious designs on this garrison. Mr. Patton a packer in the Indian agency employ, came in and avers that when Mr. Newcomb was going away he distributed to the Indians guns and revolvers and ammunition, and told them to fight for Jeff. Davis and the Southern Confederacy. He says the Indians understand too much about this matter, and that they have those arms, which he wishes us to take away from them,

as he thinks they will give some toruble by being allowed to keep them, but we have no available force to recapture them, as there are only twelve men at the Siletz block-house; nothalf enguht of uard it properly, as there is one year's supply of provisions there, and as for thsipost there are only eight men for duty, with two sergeants and one corporal, Lieutenant Watson and eighteen men, with one corporal and two teamsters, having left this post on the 16th for Fort Umpqua. The peaceful inhabitants of this valley are now daily and hourly making rpeorts to us of the disaffection previaling around us. Yesterday Mr. Wisner substantiated to us as follows: Mr. Jerry Evans, of this valley, told him that Captain Dent gave him a box of ammunition containing 1,000 rounds of rifle musket cartridges; that he knew the said Evansto be a rank secessionist, and that Captain Dent must have known os also when he gave him those cartridges. He is also of the impression that there is more Government ammunition than this box in this valley. He says that he and Mr. Allen went to Mr. Evans and purchased the box of him for $20, but he would not deliver it. Their object was to get it out of thei rhands and return it to the post, being Government property falsely squandered. He also says that one more reason was that he oveheard the disunionists making menacing threats against the garrison, such as, "Well, I have been up there, and I think that we can take that garrison in one hour; there is only five or six men about there. " "How would you do it?" asks one. "Oh, we would fire the buildings and shoot the officers as they come out," was his reply. Their constantly using those menacing threats against this garrison and the loyal men in it induces me and Mr. Allen to make this statement to the commanding officer. This afternoon Mr. Tateham informed the commanding officer that very lately from 250 to 300 stand of arms have been distributed to the traitors of this valley by, as he

