
a prisoner being the one who robbed Mr. Brizentine a short time ago of two guns and two pistols, ammunition, &amp;c., he having been domesticated up to that time, a reward of $100 is offered for his scalp, and it is only by the closest attention that I can prevent his being shot down even in camp - killing, mortally wounding, and capturing all the bucks in the ranch at the time, and all of them having been active participants in the robberies lately committed; finding also in their ranch a coast and othe rproperty, including a Government overcoat and an ax, recognized as the property of Messers. Porter, Aldrich, and others, and discovering also in another ranch (deserted) a double-barrelled shotgun which had been hid by the Indians. Mr. Landgon's house, and also the house of Mr. West, in Lower Mattole, it is reproted, have been robbed merely of guns, everything else being antouched. if it is so, it is by a roving band of some five or six Indians, who are now doing most of the damage in this immediate vicinity, and looking for arms and ammunition; but their known and outspoken sympathy for the Indians leads me to believe that the public charges against them that they are furnishing arms, ammunition, and subsistence to the Indians may, to a certain extent, be true, and that the Indians, if they obtained their guns, did it be collussion with them. At any rate, I shall believe such to be the case until I have more positive information to the contrary. So far as I can ascertain, all the Indians in this portion of the country are hostile; in fact, will ever be so, so long as there are no active and vigorous steps take to put and end to cold-blooded murder, kidnaping, and treachery. These are in my opinion the sole causes of all these difficulties with the Indians, more especially in this portion of the country and on Eel River. Cold-blooded Indian killing being considered honorable, shooting Indians and murdering even squaws and children that have been domesticated for months and years, without a moment's waring, and with as little compunction as they would rid themselves of a dog, and, as I am informed, one man did, beating his own child's brains out against a tree and killing the squaw, its mother, for no other reason than that he had no means else of disposing of them, and to keep them from falling into other persons' hands. Human life is of no value in this valley, and law seems only to be respected so far as it is backed by visible force. It is well known that kidnaping is extensively practiced by a gang who live in the neibhorhood mountains, but the difficulty is to obtain absolute and positive proof, so as to insure a conviction under the statute of this State, which, as if not sufficient of itself as a crime, is coupled with other barbarities, murder, rape, &c., which no pen can do justice to. If the Indians are hostile they will always be so until some stringent measures are taken to protect them, and to wipe out the perpetrtors of these most horrible crimes against humanity. With such examples before them going unpunished what guaranties from the Government can they depend upon?

I send to Fort Humboldt seven Indians, among them a young Indian girl, taken by me from one supposed to be an Indian stealer, she being found by him, as he says, wandering in the mountains. She was stolen by the Indians from Mr. Langdon when his house was robbed. I have also with me a squaw and child, taken from Mr. Pritchard, an old man living near my camp with his wife and two young daughters, he deeping the squaw and being, as he has generally and publicly held out, the father of the child. The squaw, however, was taken by me on suspicion of furnishing information, arms, and ammunition to the Indians, she having also been in the mountains under suspicious circumstances for a number of days and against my positive instructions t

