
suppose, Joe Lane and [the] Governor of the State; that he does not consider the garrison safe, as he has overheard them a against it, such as, "How easy it would be to take it and get all the arms and ammunition in it. We know every nook in it and all the hiding places about it," &amp;c. These men do not wish their names to be made public at present, as they are generally married through each other and are afraid of thei rown lives. An instance occurred to-day to prove this. A young man came to the garrison and told us that he was a Union man but his fathe rwas a secessionist. We are at a loss, being strangers here, to know how to take these reports. They, however, emphatically declare that they could place no confidence in the late commander, and learning that we were true to the dear old flag they feel no diffidence in stating the facts, too. They say, moreover, that all the associates of the late commander were with those men, and that they believe that there is a deep-laid plot in this valley to make ak move of some kind before long. They ask for arms and ammunition, but we cannot let them have either until we hear from you on this subject. To-day a citizen applied for twenty rounds, but the commanding officer refused him, not knowing who he was. He replied that he was a good Union man, and that he wanted them for self-protection. True the garrison is in a helpless condition, as there is not sufficient men here to garrison it properly. The men are on guard every other day (only eight) until they are perfectly worn out, but what there is of them can be relied upon. I do not consider that anything of the kind would be made until they have all their plans matured, which may take some time yet; yet from what I can learn in case they do move they will immediately attack the garrison for the purpose of securing the arms and ammunition. They seem to be aware of the exact number of arms and ammunition at this post. The commanding officer wold respectfully request that in case that Messrs. Wisner and Allen get possession of that box, that they be permitted by the oclonel commanding to retain in their possesseion, or to pay them $20 and have it returned to this post. There is at this post one 12-pounder and cartidges, shells, &c., about fifteen old flint-lock (new) muskets (pertaining to Company B, Second Infantry California Volunteers) in store, together with about 35,000 rounds of rifle-musket cartridges, 400 pistol cartridges, but they are all poorly guarded. The commanding officer would request that these eleven pistols be returned to the ordnance department for repairs, and that about fifty god ones by furnished this post ofr the purpsoe of arming the men more effectually. The teamsters going on detached service require one each. The express rider should have one, and the detachment at the Siletz block-house should each be furnished with one. You will please to give this due consideration, as at present things do not look very pleasant in this vicinity.

Respectfully submitted.

T. B. CAMPBELL,

First Lieutenant, Second Infantry California Vols., Post Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, November 26, 1861.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: On the 22nd instant I had the honor to acknowledge the receiptof the dispatch of the 19th, from the headquarters of the Army, assigning me to the command of this department, and further instructing me

