
to retain the Ninth Infantry under my command. Two companies Ninth Infantry (G and K), with the non-commissioned staff and band, arrived here on the 14th, and five more companies of the same regiment reached here on the 22d. This command I have concentrated at the Presidio, San Francisco, to undergo a thorough course of instruction. The remaining two companies of the Ninth Infantry are en route from Fort Colville, and I have ordered them to halt at Fort Vancouver. I propose to send one of those companies to Camp Pickett, on the island of San Juan, and let the other remain at Fort Vancouver, the headquarters of the District of Oregon and the principal depot for that command. Company E, Ninth Infantry, left this coast on the steamer of the 1st instant for New York, with the command under Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Buchanan, Fourth Infantry. The company was without any officer present belonging to it. The captain, Woods, is on recruiting service East. Nothing was said in the telegraphic dispatch about retaining any additional medical officers, but I have assumed that I shoud anticipate the wishes of the General-in-Chief by keeping three assistant surgeons-Heger, Craig, and Taylor. Their services or enecessary in consequence of the retention of the Ninth Infantry. They were selected after consultation with the medical director. After the company of the Ninth Infantry reaches San Juan Island the company of the Third Artillery now there will be brought to this place and posted in one of the fortifications in the harbor. I have ordered the horses and horse equipments of the four companies of the First Cavalry now in Oregon to be concentrated at Fort Vancuver. They have about 200 horses, but a majority of them are old and unfit for hard service. I would recommend that they be turned over to the volunteer cavalry being raised in Oregon, should the department design furnishing those troops with horses and equipments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 221. San Francisco, Cal., November 26, 1861.

1. The following troops will, should they arrive in time embark for New York on the steamer of the 30th isntant, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel George A. H. Blake, First Cavalry: Companies A, F, and H of the First Cavalry; Companies B and C of the Fourth and D of the Sixth Infantry. The deputy quartermaster-general will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., November 26, 1861.

Colonel J. H. CARLETON,

Los Angeles, Cal.:

Send Rigg to Yuma and Fergusson to Wright. Come up in Senator. By order:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

