
will take more than the headquarters and two companies of the First Cavalry. It is possible, however, that the two companies of the Fourth and one of the Sixth Infantry may reach here in time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Ter-Waw, November 29, 1861.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: In accordance with the direction of the general commanding, I have the honor to report my arrival at this post on the 14th of November and its occupation by Company C, Fourth Infantry. The post was turned over to me on the 20th of November by Cap. L. C. Hunt. I found upon my arrival at Crescent City that the weather would not permit the steamer to land near the wharf. I was compelled to land my company in small boats under a heavy expense of $2 per man; and also the transportation from Crescent City to the mouth of the Klamath River of a small portion of my camp equiPAGEcostme 8 cents per punds. I am pleased with the post and hope to give satisfaction.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. MAY,

Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., November 30, 1861.

Commanding OFFICER DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,

Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department desires you to select one company of infantry from the command near Warner's ranch and direct it to proceed to Fort Yuma. You will also detail from the cavalry battalion three officers and fifty picket men for service at the same post. This latter force will not proceed to its destination until evidence of the arrival of the forage at Yuma has been received. The general has this day directed two 18-pounders, with impements complete and a liberal supply of ammunition, and sixty tons of barely to be shipped to Fort Yuma. You will be duly notified when these stores leave this city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS, STATE OF CALIFORNIA, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Sacramento, December 1, 1861.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: Pursuant to the requirements of the act of Congress of March 2, 1803, which requires the adjutant-general of the militia of each State to make the return of the militia of each State to which he belontgs, with the arms, accouterments, and ammunition, to the President of the

