HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 2, 1861.

His Excellency J. W. NYE,

Governor of Nevada Territory, Carson City:

SIR: I have given instructions to the commanding officer of Fort Churchill to transfer to you such amount of flour and bacon or pork as you may deem necessary for issue to the Indians along the Overland Mail Route. The commanding officer at Fort churchill has been directed to keep a supply of subsistence for his present command sufficient to last until the end of July next. Although I am not authorized by the regulations to dispose of these provisions except for cash, yet under the pressing circumstances of the case I have not hesitated about having them placed at the disposal of Your Excellency as superintendent of Indian affairs for the Territory, andif you are without funds of the Indian Department, the transfer can be made at Washington, which I doubt not will be approved by our Government. It is probable that the quantity of flour and meat which can be spared at Fort Churchill will amount to at least 60,000 rations of the former and 40,000 of the latter-possibly more.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., December 2, 1861.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have been informed by Captain Magruder, First Cavalry, since his arrival at this place that the orders for the recall of the detachment of the Ninth Infantry with Lieutenant Mullan were received at Walla Walla on the 18th of October; that having endeavored in vain to obtain the services of an express, he had on the 20th fallen in with a Mr. Owen, an Indian agent, who was about proceeding to his station some distance beyond Lieutenant M[ullan]'s camp, and who took charge of the letter, promising its delivering on his arrival there. Mr. Owen left Walla Walla on the 21st, and it was probable that he would lose no time on his trip, as his train had left Walla Walla two orthree days before, and it was necessary that he should overtake and go with it. It is a fair presumption that the orders did not reach Lieutenant M[ullen]'s camp until after the 1st of November. As far as I can learn from private sources Lieutenant M[ullan] was in winter quarters, and deemed it impracticable for the detachment to get to this place this season. I look for the companies here from Fort Colville some time next week in time for the steamer of the 17th, they having started, as I learn privately, about the 18th ultimo. The companies of the First Cavalry under command of Captain Magruder will leave on or about the 7th instant for San Francisco.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. CADY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Infantry, Commanding District.

