HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, December 3, 1861.

Captain RICHARD C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

CAPTAIN: I have received from Colonel James H. Carleton, lately commanding Southern District of California, a copy of a dispatch, dated department headquarters, November 18, recalling me to Los Angeles. The officer assigned to relieve me at this post, Major Edwin A. Rigg, First Infantry California Volunteers, will reach hereon the 7th instant, when I will immediately comply with the department order. You will be good enough to say to the general commanding that the position of this post is becoming daily more assured by work upon the defenses and by perfectingk means of acquiring intelligence of any contemplated movement upon it. For the present there seems little prospect of the latter, as I lately advised the district commander.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 3, 1861.

Captain E. A. ROWE,

Second Regiment California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter.:

SIR: After setting aside a sufficient number of rations to subsist your command to the 1st of August next, the general commanding the department desires you to turn over to the Governor of Nevada Territory, ex officio superintendent of Indian affairs, out of the surplus rations, such quantities of flour and pork or bacon as the superintendent may deem necessary for issue to the Indians along the Overland Mail Route. Shoud the superintendent be without funds, the acting commissary of subsistence will take receipts in duplicate for the stores he turns over. The actual cost with the transportationadded will be stated both on the invoices and receipts to facilitate the settlement of these accounts in Washington.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 3, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel A. CADY,

Seventh Infantry, Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: The general commanding the department has this day directed Colonel Justus Steinberger to repair to Fort Vancouver and commence raising and organizing the regiment of infantry authorized by the Secretary of War. The general wishes you to give the collonel in the performance of these duties the aid of your experience. You will give Colonel Steinberger the use of any quarters which may be needed at

