
Vancouver, and furnish him with any supplies of clothing, arms, equipments, &amp;c., which may be available at that post or the depot, on the requisitions of the colonel, without further reference.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 225. San Francisco, Cal., December 3, 1861.

I. Colonel Justus Steinberger having been mustered into the service of the United States and specially authorized by the Honorable Secretary of War to raise and organize a regiment of infantry in the Territory of Washington and the country adjacent thereto, he will repair to Fort Vancouver and take prompt measures to carry out the instructions from the War Department dated October 18, 1861.

II. The commanding officer of the District of Oregon will afford Colonel Steinberger every facility in his power to enable him to organize his regiment.

III. Colonel Steinberger will, by frequent reports to the assistant adjutant-general at department headquarters, keep the commanding general fully informed of the progress he is making in recruiting his regiment.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT YUMA, December 4, 1861.

Colonel J. H. CARLETON:

SIR: I reached this place last evening, and am pleased to find eveything wearing the appearance of activity and preparation for whatever may occur in the unsettled condition of our country. I shall be compelled to remain here two or three days in order to recruit my riding animal, so as to get in over the desert. I met Mr. Fecunda Gonzales (the proprietor of the ferry below the line) at Cariso, on his way to Los Angeles. He was accompanied by his family. I shall take a trip along down the river probably as far as the ferry, as I was informed by a man of Gonzales' prty that I could get over the river there by the assistance of the Indians, and that my horse could be crossed (probably by swimming). There has been no information up to this date at this place from Carrillo, who went to Tuscon. I regret to hear that you have been caleld to San Francisco. Hoping, however, that you will be able to do mor efor the peace of California from that point than at Los Angeles, I must submit, and I trust that you have been appointed to the command of at least the Military Department of California. As I have nothing of pressing importance to communicate, I will defer any account of my trip until my return to Los Angeles.

Wishing you health and rapir promotion, but to remain in California, I remain, truly, yours,

J. J. WARNER.

