SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 18. Los Angeles, Cal., December 4, 1861.

In compliance with intructions from the command of the Department of the Pacific, Major David Fergusson, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Campr Wright, near Warner's ranch, and assume command of that post, receipting to Major Edwin A. Rigg, First Infantry Colifornia Volunteers, for all public property pertaining thereto for which he is accountable.

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,First Lieutenant, First Infantry California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS,

Fort Yuma, December 4, 1861.

Lieutenant BEN. C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Southern Dist. of California, Los Angeles:

LIEUTENANT: Colonel Carleton's short note of November 25 reachedme on the 2nd instant. I cannot move until Major Rigg reaches here, whch I expect will be on the 7th instant. Unless I get a countermand you may expect me at Los Angeles on Monday, 16th instant. Meanwhile, if I am in command of the district, you will please conduct your correspondence in my name, according to your best judgment. Perhaps it would be well to inform the department commander by telegraph when I shall probably reach the district headquarters.

Yours, respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant Colonel First Infantry California Vols., Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, December 4, 1861.

Lieutenant B. C. CUTLER,

Los Angeles:

DEAR SIR: When this reaches you, if I am virtually in command of the distrit (the recollection of previous disappointments prevents my being confident), you will dispatch Hadji Ali, after one day's rest, with an express for Camp Wright, with instructions to turn over his charge to an expressman from this post, who will mee thim there. You will be particular to see that all letters and newspapers for this command and that at Camp Wright are procured from the express and post offices, and that they be properly sent to their respecive destinations. Many letters for Camp Wright and San Bernardino come all the way through here and have to be sent bacnk. As I shall meet Hadji Ali at Temecula, I expect you might send by him any important communications addressed to me, also my private letters. Be good enough to see that a letter directed to my wife, sent herewith, is supplied with a proper express envelope to carry it through. I have nothing but old ones.

Yours, very truly,

J. R. WEST.

Open all business letters addressed to me.

J. R. W.

