
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Carson City, December 4, 1861.

Brigadier-General WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commanding, San Francisco:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 22nd ultimo. If you will give me an order, or rather cause the commandant at Fort Churchill to deliver to me, as Indian superintednent, such supplies as may be necessary to meet the immediate necessities of the Indians, I will take charge of their direction in such manner as to entirely satisfactory, and undertake to isnure peace with all the tribes in this Territory. All they require is the ocasional distribution throughout the winter of such provisions as you have at the fort. I entertain no doubt whatever of the propriety and necessity of this move, and just as little that both the Department of War and of Indian Affairs will be satisfeid with the efforts made to insure peace and happiness among the Indians. If you desire m eto do so I will willingly share the responsibility with you, and in my letters to my Department will fully expalin and set forth that their eqas no other course to puruse. To march troops over the mountains and eterly at this season of the year, and especially to transport supplies, would be the next thing to impossible. With the arrangements you are udoubtedly prepared to make, I will guarantee protection to both the telegraph and overland mail lines until spring, when the both troops and transportation can find an easy passage over the snows of the Sierras. My indian agent is now out among the Pah-Utes, and reports all quiet, but a great necessity existing for food. Such directiions as you may think proper to give shall be faithfully carried out. I am grateful that you are keeping a good lookout for the secession element. It requires it. I am trying to do so here, and have thus far succeeded in keeping it under subjection. I have at the present time twenty soldiers from the fort guarding the jail in this place to prevent the rescue ofamost depserate and bloody villain-a leader of that tribe, and one who wakes up all their energies to extricate. Dubtless Captain Rowe, who promptly responded to my call, has reported to you the facts, and I hope he will be sustained in his efforts to sedon me in sustaining the laws and putting down this secession propensity for butchering every one who dares to be a Union man. I should have replied to yours earliest, but have been afflicted with rheumatism to that extent that I could nto write. I shall at all times be happy to aid you in any way in endeavoring to hold the great Western slope true to the old Constitution and Union, and aid her along the pathway of her destiny. I am keeping one of the Indian agentsk who belongs at the Umboldt until I hear from you.

With kindest regards and best wishes for your success, I remain, truly, yours,

JAMES W. NYE.

Whie writing I am interrupted by the arrival of the agent from the Shoshones' country, who reports all quiet there.

J. W. NYE.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 228. San Francisco, Cal., December 5, 1861.

* * * * * *

3. The following regular troops will, should they arrive in time, embark on the steamer of the 11th instant, under the command of Major A. J. Smith, First Cavalry: Companies C, E, H, and I, First Cavalry;

