
Companies B and C of the Fourth and D of the Sixth Infantry. Surgeong Brown and Hasson and Assistant Surgeon Quinan will accompany the troops on the 11th instant. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By ordedr of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, December 5, 1861.

General WRIGHT:

(Care of Captain McAllister, U. S. Army, Benicia, Ca.)

Dispatch from Major Rigg reports the arrest of Showalter and seventeen others.

RICHD. C. DRUM,

AssistantAdjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

December 6, 1861.

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Your communication of August 16, requesting the acceptance of your regiment of infantry, has been received. This Department does not consider it expedient to accept your regiment for service in the East whilst so many nearer to the field of action are anxious to be enrolled for active duty.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

FORT AT FORT POINT, CAL., December 6, 1861.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: Pursuant to instructions from the headquarters Department of the Pacific, of December 5, 1861, I have the honor to report as follows: On the receipt of the telegraphic dispatch at the headquarters District of Oregon, directing the recall of the escort on duty with Lieutenant Mullan's wagon-road expedition, an order to that effect was written and addressed to the commanding officer of the escort to Lieutenant Mullan's wagon-road expedition. At the same time an order was written notifying the troops in the district to hold themselves in readiness to be relieved by volunteers, and a copy addressed to the commanding officers of Forts Walla Walla and Colville. The above orders were then inclosed with a letter of instructions to the commanding officer of Fort Walla Walla, directing him to forward the communications for Colville and Lieutenant Mullan's escort by express. The above package was then inclosed to Captain Whittlesey, commanding Fort Dalles, Oreg., with instructions also for him to forward it by express to Walla Walla, it having been reported that communication by water between. The Dalles and Walla Walla was very uncertain. I do not recollect the date of the orders, but think the dispatch reached Vancouver four or five days subsequent to its date.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. WILDRICK,

First Lieutenant, Third Artillery.

