
under Colonel Eyre. I estimate that this force, with the battery which I propose to send, will amount to about 1,500 men. They are fine troops and well officered, and under the command of Colonel Carletton, an officer of great experience, indefatigable and active, the expedition must be successful. I have never seen a finer body of volunteer troops than those raised in this State. They are anxious for active service, and feeling, as we all do, that we are able to retake all the forts this side of the Rio Grande, I may be pardoned for urging the movement. The difficulties and delays experienced on the present route of the overland mail snow us the absolute necessity for opening the southern route; and why should we continue to act on the defensive, with Fort Yuma as our advanced post, when we have the power and will to drive every rebel beyond the Rio Grande? In my communication of October 31, I submitterd to the General-in-Chief the propriety of our occupying Guaymas, the chief sea-port of Sonora, and I still think it of great importance that we should do so, to prevent its falling into the hands of the rebels. At that time I was inclined to make Govermas my base of operations; now I think Yuma a better point from which to move. In anticipation of a favorable reply to the propositions I have made, I shall go on making arrangements to move promptly when authorized to do so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, December 18, 1861.

If the movements in progress has not already been authorized, please do so at once.

GEO. B. McCLELAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, December 9, 1861.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL; Inclosed herewith is a copy of a dispatch* which was sent to the Headquarters of the Army by telegraph on the 7th instant. I also transmit a copy of a comminication+ this day received fro His Excellency, J. W. Ney, Governor of the Territory of Nevada. The difficulties we should experience in attempting to march troops with their supplies across the mountains at this time are fully set forth in the Governor's letter, and the obstructions have been increased by a severe storm during the last three days. After the receipt of Major-General McClellan's dispatch, desiring me to send troops to protect the Overland Mail Route, I had several interviews Mr. Louis McLane, the agent in this city, and I was fully satisfied that by distributing a moderate allowance of prosivisons to the Indians, who are in a starving condition along the route, the mail would not be interruped. I had a large surplus of provisions at Fort Churchill, and number the circumstances of the case I have ordered that the flour and meat which can be spared, retaining sufficient to last the command until the 1st of August,

---------------

* See Wright to Adjutant-General, 7th, p. 751.

+ See Nye to Wright, 4th, p. 749.

---------------

48 R R-VOL L, PT I

