
be placed at the disposal of Governor Nye, ex officio superintendent of Indian affairs. Anxious as I was to carry out the instructions of the General-in-Chief by sending the troops, I have not acted in this matter without due consideration, and after consultation and approval of Governor Nye and the agent of the line, and I trust that my course will be approved. On the 6th instant I inspected the arsenal at Benicia and also the troops at the barracks. Captain McAlister has a company of ordnance men at the arsenal. I found it in high order. The store-houses, magazines, shops, quarters, &amp;c., were all critically inspected and everything found in superior order. I next inspected the quartermaster's department, under the supervision of Captain T. Moore, and found his books, papers, store-houses, and supplies all in good order. At Benica Barracks I reviewed and inspected six companies of the Third Infantry California Volunteers, with one company of the Second Volunteer Cavalry, the whole commanded by Colonel Connor. The troops were in high order, well clothed, and presented a handsome appearance. They are progressing rapidly in discipline and instruction. I also inspected at the same place a squadron of the First Cavalry (regulars) commanded by Captain Whittlesey. This squadron has just arrived from Oregon, and will embark on the steamer of the 11th with two companies of the Fourth and one of the Sixth Infantry (regulars) for New York. I shall then have remaining in this department but two companies to go East, the squadron of First Cavalry now en route from Walla Walla. Recruiting is progressing favorably, and by the end of this month the regiments will be full. All is quiet within this department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, December 9, 1861.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commanding Pacific Division, San Francisco:

SIR: I have the honor of calling your attention to the inclosed copies of communications received by me-one from. G. H. Woodman, and the other from Walter Van Dyke, State senator elect from the county of Humboldt, both in relation to Indian hostilities in the counties of Humboldt and Mendocion. I sincerely hope you will be ablt to increase the command in those localities, and thereby relieve the State from the necesity of calling out troops which would ultimately be a charge to the General Government. Experience has tauhgt us that these expeditions against the Indians, when under the control of the Federal Government, are attended with much less expense and not with the same exceeses as when conducted under the authority of the State. Knowing this, I have avoided calling out volunters for this purpose since I have been in office, and only in one instance have I done so, and only then when Brigadier General E. V. Summer positively informed me he had no troops for this purpose at his disposal. As there are now plenty of troops who will be inactive during the winter mounths, I hope you may deem it expedient to dispatch a few companies to the disturbed districts.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. DOWNEY,

Governor of California.

