
[Inclosure Numbers 1.] NAPA, December 1, 1861.

Governor J. G. DOWNEY:

MY DEAR SIR: We as citizens of Long Valley, Mendocino County, Cal., have, times without number, asked of Your Excellency, accompanied with petitions and affidavits, some protection from your hand which was in your power to give us relief, and have as often been neglected. Remember the last time I ever saw you, you gave me your hand and said, " Unless the General Government assists you, I will give you power to raise a company. " Now, I will say Major McGarry passed our place on his way to Fort Seward. He informs me that he is satisfied that we need protection. I will say this fort if sixty miles from our place. Before the major's arrival with his men-which was ninety-four men -there was near 100 in Fort Seward. Besides, there was near 100 in Fort Seward. Besides, there is a company of sixty volunteers and thirty regulars ranging between Humboldt and this fort, which makes it much worse for the citizens of our community. We are perfectly satisfied with a company of Major McGarry's men, and his men are anxious to come. The major informs me all he is waiting for is orders from the commanding general, and he will move forward to our relief immediately. As you have listened to all our cries for help, I hope you may give this your immediate attention. I will state that the Indians are daily committing depredations. They have killed two whites since I saw you.

Hoping this request may receive immediate attention, yours,

G. H. WOODMAN.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] EUREKA, November 26, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN G. DOWNEY:

DEAR SIR: I inclose herewith slips from the Humbold Times of the last two weeks, from which you will see that our Indian troubles are more alarming, if possible, than at any former period. Throuhg traffic with lawless white men, waylaying travelvers and plundering isolated houses, the Indians obtained a large number of effective fire-arms, and many of them have acquired no inconsiderable skill in their use. This, as might have been expected, inspires them with greater boldness, and now, as appears, they will attack a party of men or stand their ground in an engagement, which was not the case formerly. Ten armed Indians are capable of doing more damage now than 100 of their best warriors a few years since. Under such circumstances the Indians cannot be allowed to remain where they are with any degree of safety to the people of this part of the State. They must be disarmed and removed-the sooner the better. The company of volunteers mustered into service under your order has nearly completed the period of enlistment, and unless these volunteers are to be retained in service another three months it is quite time some steps were being taken to supply their place with U. S. troops. It will not do to think of abandoning the field now unless we are prepared to yield up the whole northern part of California to these savages. If you should deem it your duty, in the first instance, to apply to the commanding officer of the U. S. forces on this coast for the necessary means to protect the lives and property of our citizens from hostile Indians, I trust you will be pleased to do so without delay. Two companies could to good advantage-one to operate on Mad River and Redwood Creek, the other on Van Dusen's Fork of Eel River. Our only safety consists in vigorous measures this winter. If the efforts which are now being put forth are not relaxed, but rather increased, the most of the country infested by savages will

