
be cleared by spring. Some Indians have come in and been sent to the Klamath Reservation. Many others, it is understood, are anxious to do the same. To facilitate the removal of such, as well as those taken prisoners, the Indian agent should authorize some suitalbe person to receive them and convey them hence to the reservation. Good and responsible men here would perform this service, if authorized so to do, and rely upon future appropriations, if the agent is now destitute of funds, which is reported to be the case. If not asking too much, I would request you to call the attention of the propert agent to this matter. The expense of this business has been a heavy tax on our people. I am authorized by Colonel Whipple to say that he will act as special agent for the purpose of aiding in the removal of Indians if the agent will recommend the payment of necessary expenses whenever the requisite appropriation shall be made. Upon the strength of this he thinks he would have no difficulty in obtaining the necessary assistance here for carrying out the object contemplated. You are aware, without any indorsement from me, that he is every way qualified, having and considerable experience in Indian affairs in this part of the State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALTER VAN DYKE.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Wright, Oak Grove, Cal., December 9, 1861.

Lieutenant B. C. CUTLER,

First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General,

Hdqrs. Southern District of California, Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR: Your letter of the 6th instant conveying orders in regard to prisoners taken by Major Rigg was received last night. The prisoners will be held until further orders. I would respectfully urge, however, that his command be relieved of these and such other persons as may be captured as soon as possible, for the reason that the care of them retards the instruction of officers and men in drill, &amp;c. I am informed that there is a trail leading from San Bernardino to the Coyote rancherithe desert, whereby parties can pass out of reach of this command, but the command at Camp Carleton are in a position to intercept any persons, desiring to pass that way. I assumed command here this morning, having arrived last evening.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSON,

Major, First Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, December 10, 1861.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The vast extent of this department renders it of the greatest importance that the extreme districts north and south should be under the immediate command of officers of experience, skill, and rank. In the north I have Lieutenant-Colonel Cady, and in the south I have Colonel Carleton; both of these gentlemen are fully equal to any command, and I respectfully submit to the Department the propriety of appointing them brigadiers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

