
to me. I have ordered the colonel to take post at Fort Vancouver, and take prompt measure to commence the organization of his regiment. I anticipate considerable difficulty in raising a regiment of infantry in that country. The sparse population and the intense excitement caused by the receipt discovery of very rich gold mines may render it impossible to obtain such a large number of men. However, every possible effort will be made by the colonel, and I have desired Lieutenant-Colonel Cady, the present commander of the District of Oregon, to afford him every facility in his power to carry, out the wishes of the Department. Lieutenant-Colonel Cady, Seventh Infantry, is retained for the present in command of the District of Oragon. His service are important there, not only in preservig peace with the Indians, but in aiding Colonel Steinberger in organizing his regiment. So soon as Colonel Steinberger shall have somewhat progressed in the organization of his regiment and made himself acquainted with the wants and resources of the countr, I design to place him in command of the district. I am not advised as to what success Colonel Cornelius is meeting with in raising a cavalry regiment in Oregon, and as he was instructed to report direct to the War Department, should it be found impracticable to raise a full regiment of cavalry in that country to furnish their own horses, I would suggest that the people the colonel's orders be modified, that a battalion (two squadrons) be enrolled, and that the Government furnish the horses and equipments. I have now at Fort Vancouver 220 horses and equipments left by the First Cavalry (regulars). I have kept two companies of the Ninth Infantry (regulars) in the District of Oregon. One of the companies is posted at Fort Vancouver, and the other will relieve Company D, Third Artillery, on San Juan Island. I have also now in that district ten companies of infantry (volunteers). With four good cavalry companies the force will be ampler for the present. We are much in want of officers. I beg of you to order out those belonging to the Third Artillery and the Ninth Infantry on this coast.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 10, 1861.

Colonel J. H. CARLETON,

First Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Dist. of Southern California, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I immediately on your return to the southern district the general commanding the department desires you to send Showalter and party under a competent guardto Fort Yuma, there to be held securely guarded until further orders. The general positively forbids any person not connected with out Army from passing beyond Yuma or crossing the Colorado River without his special permission. All persons approaching the southern frontier of this State will be arrested, and if the commander of the forces is not fully satisfied of their loyalty to the General Government they will be helf in confinment.

Very respectfuly, your obedient servant,

RICHARD C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

