SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 231. San Francisco, Cal., December 10, 1861.

2. Having complied with orders from these headquarters, Colonel James H. Carlet will return to Los Angeles, Cal., and resume command of the district.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., December 11, 1861.

Major R. S. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: Companies C and E, First Cavalry, under the command of Captain Magruder, will leave this place this evening by the steamer Pacific for San Francisco. Companie A and C, Ninth Infantry, under the command of Brevet Lugenbee, arrived at this place Monday evening, the 9th instant. The major reports that he has been delayed since getting on the river by the casualties resulting from the flood. He arrived at the Des Chutes landing on Thursday last, but the bridges on Ten-Mile and Five-Mile Creeks having been carried away, he was necessarily detained. On his passage from The Delles a landslide, which carried away or destroyed about eighty feet of the railroad, prevented his company baggage from being brought along. It may be received this week, but the want of it will detain the command until the next steamer. Assistan Surgeon Heger arrived here last evening from Fort Steilacom. I shall retain him here until the next steamer. The mails north, east, and south are so deranged by the recent floods that no reliance can be had in them, and particularly on the southern route, for two or three weeks to come. I shall therefore for the present depend on the steamers.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. CADY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Infantry, Commanding District.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 63. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., December 11, 1861.

I. Companies C and E, First Cavalry, under the command of Captain W. T. Magruder, will embark on the steamer Pacific at 4 p. m. to-day for San Francisco. Surgeon McParlin will accompany these troops.

* * *

CAMP CARLETON, December 11, 1861.

Major FERGUSON,

Commanding Camp Wright, Cal.:

MAJOR: It has been reported to me by a gentlemen from San Bernardino that there is a party organizing at the Monte and here to attack you in order to release Showalter and his party. He says they intend to attack your camp at night, and that they are armed with

