
shotguns and revolvers, and that the party already numbers some seventy-five men, who are bound to each oher by an oath, and that they have made a law amongst themselves that any one who should not assistant should suffer death. The man who told me this came to my camp last night to inform me of the move, and he asssures me that it is so, and also promised to keep me advised if he can hear any more. It may be true or false. I, however, thought it my duty to advise you, in order for you to be on your guard. I have also sent word to Colonel Eyre about it. No doubt if there is such a thing he will find something out about it in Los Angeles with more certainlty than I can here.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

EMIL FRITZ,

Captain, First Cavalry, California Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 12, 1861.

Colonel RENE E. DE RUSSY,

Chief Engineer Pacific Coast, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: In view of the possibility of a hostile force threatening this city, I deem it my duty to take every measure in my power to guard the appraches by land and water. From your long residence here in charge of the constructionof the fortifications in the harbor, and your knowledge of the surrounding county, as well as the distinguished position you occupy in the Engineer Corps, all conduce in affording me great pleasure in requesting of you a plan for defensive works.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 228. San Francisco, Cal, December 12, 1861.

The counties of Sonoma, Napa, Mendocino, Trinity, Humbold, Klamath, and Del Norte, in this State, will constitute a command within this department to be known as the District of Humboldt, headquarters at Fort Humboldt. Colonel Francis J. Lippit, Second Infantry California Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the district and will proceed to Fort Humboldt with the headquarters and two companies of his regiment. Lieutenant Colonel James N. Olney, Second Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed with two companies of the Second Regiment of Infantry to Santa Barbara, Cal. One company of the same regiment will take post at Alcatraz. The companies in each case to be designated by the colonel. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,

Camp Latham, near Los Angeles, December 2, 1861.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose herewith copy of a leter received from Captain Fritz, First Cavalry California Volunteers, commanding.

