
Camp Carleton, near San Bernardino, and my answer thereto. Lieutenant-Colonel West not having arrived, I took the responsibility of acting in the premises.

Hoping my action may meet with your approval, I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. E. EYRE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Cavalry California, Vols., Commanding Camp Latham.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] CAMP CARLETO, Near San Bernardino, December 10, 1861-10 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel E. E. EYRE,

First Cavalry, California Volunteers, Camp Carleton:

COLONEL: I have just been informed by Mr. C. E. Bennett, of San Bernardion, that there is a party of seventy-five or eighty men fitting out at the Monte and from here to attack Camp Wright, in order to release Showalter and his party. They informed to attack the camp at night. Mr. B. tells me he received his information from a messenger who was sent here from the Monte to consult with secession parties here and raise money and arms. He also inform me that parties here and at the Monte are sworn to support each other in this affair, and on falling to do so suffer death. He assured me that this is so, and he has it from a reliable source, and that he is certain that this move is intended. True or false, I conceived it my duty to inform you of the fact. Mr. B. will inform me of all he can learn of this matter, and he says he will keep me posted. Perhaps you can learn something of this at Los Angeles. I therefore dispatch an express to you to-night. I would send one to Camp Wright, but I have no soldier in camp sufficiently familiar with the route, but I will keep a good lookout, and if I can learn anything further send Trittle as a messenger.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EMIL. FRITZ,

Captain, First Cavalry, California Volunteers.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS, Camp Latham, near Los Angeles, Cal., December 11, 1861.

Captain EMIL FRITZ,

Commanding Camp Carleton, near San Bernardino:

SIR: Yours of the 10th instant received. You will without delay dispatch a messenger to Major Ferguson, at Camp Wright, informing him of the of the intended attack upon his command, together with all information you may have in regard to it. You will get all the information you possibly can in regard to the rumor, and if you think it reliable send fifty picked men with a captain and two lieutenants to Camp Wright without delay. You will be very certain the information you receive is reliable before sending the detachment of men.

I am, sir, respectfully,

E. E. EYRE,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Wright, Cal., December 12 1861.

[Captain EMIL FRITZ:]

CAPTAIN: I have just received your letter of yesterday in regard to the threatened attack on this camp. We are watchful and ready for

