
any attack. Neverthelless, my command is much reduced. I detached, by order from district headquarters, Captain Parvin's company of infantry to Fort Yuma this morning, and to-day, by the same authority, had to detail a non-commissioned officer an eight privates to proceed as an escort for Lieutenant Davis to Fort Yuma. My command is reduced to two captains, three lieutenants, and 118 non-commissioned officers and privates for duty. Rather a small force for our situation, having twenty secession prisoners to guard. I therefore hereby make requisition upon you for a company of cavalry for temporary duty at this post, and would suggest that you send scouts out to watch all parties taking trails from the Monte and San Bernardion in this direction. If you feel authorized to send a company -that is, unless your instructions and other causes prevent-I would urge you to send the company at once. There is much going on in his neighorhood to excite suspinion, and too much caution, vigilance, coolness, and discretion cannot be exercised by us all.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., December 13, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel EDWARD E. EYRE,

First Cavalry Californai Volunteers:

COLONEL: You will proceed without delay to San Bernardino, and from the cavalry encamped near that town you will select one officer and twenty-three men and march to Camp Wright. There you will unite to your party Lieutenant Wellman and the twenty-seven cavalry now under his command. You will then have the prisoners now in confinement at Camp Wright, who are know as Showawalter and his party, eighteen in all (or more, if there be more), transfer to you all their horses and mules, arms and ammunition, equipage, provisions, &amp;c.

For these you will give each man who may claim to own a part of this property a receipt for such part, and make a careful inventory of all of said property and a memorandum of what belongs to each man, if practicable, certified to by the man himself. You will then march these prisoners, havig with you the company of infantry now under orders to move from Camp Wright to Fort Yuma, as far as Carriso Creek, when, if you deem it perfectly for the company of infantry to guard the prisoners from there on to Fort Yuma, you can turn them over to the captain of that company and return to your post. If you do not deem it perfectly safe, you will continue on with a part of your command to Fort Yuma, and there transfer the prisoners to Major Rigg, taking his receipt for them, each man being named in said receipt, which you will afterward transmit to me. As you return you will bring from Camp Wright all the horses and mules, arms, &c., which you have received from the prisones. You must be on your guard against attempts to rescue these prisoners, and against their rising on and overpowering the men set to guard them. There must be no escape and no rescue. The officers in charge of the prisoners will be helf to a strict accountability for them.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

