
the capture of Showalter's party and their designs, and to say, in reply, that from the intercepted letters it is clearly established what the character and purposes of this party were. The correspondence shows that the oath of allegiance of such men is of no value. The general desires you to guard these men with increased vigilance. He is now more than ever satisfied, of the propriety of keeping them prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., December 14, 1861.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: By Colonel Steinberger, who arrived last evening, I have been apprised thet several communications and others from your office have been mailed to me relating to the retention here of Major Lugenbeel'c commaned and other matters. On this information I have deemed it proper not to allow of the departure of the companies (A And C, Ninth Infantry), nor of the medical officers, Assistant-Surgeons Heger and Taylor, by the steamer Cortez, that leaves on the 16th instant. It is possible that I may receive by the mail in the course of the ensuing week the letter referred to in time for such action as may be requisite, though not in the present state of the California mail route I can hardly consider it probable. I shall endeavor, however, to have every necessary step taken so as to act at once in case I should be furnished with instruction by the next steamer up from San Francisco. I have received nothing from department headquarters since November 27, the date of the receipt of General Orders, Numbers 31. Colonel S exhibited to me Special Orders, Numbers 225, of December 3, 1861. In common with many other I much doubt of his success in raising even a respectable fraction of an infantry regiment in this Territory.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. CADY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Infantry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Wright, Cal., December 15, 1861.

Lieutenant B. C. CUTLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Hdqrs. District of Southern California, Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report the receipt of the note* of Colonel Carleton, commanding the district, instructing me to retain Captain Parvin's company if it had not left, or to send an express after him, &amp;c., if he had left. Captain Parvin's company left here on the morning of the 11th instant, and I thinmk encamped last night at Carriso Creek. I immediately dispatched Hadji Ali After him with instructions conforming to the directions of the colonel commanding.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

---------------

* See Carleton to Fergusson, December 13, p. 763.

---------------

