HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., December 15, 1861.

Major R. S. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: The people in San Bernardion have raised the price on barley 100 per cent., and so, too, have the people in Los Angeles. I respectfully recommend that I have authority to move the troops at San Bernardino to this camp, and that until the people in this country are willing to sell their produce, such as hay, barley, potatoes, &amp;c., at a fair price, these articles should be bought and shipped at San Francisco. Besides now, since the election is over, there is no necessity for troops at San Bernardino, and unless the place is put under martial law they can be of but little service. Here I myselft could see to their instruction as cavalry, an importance consideration just now. I respectfully apply for Captain R. W. Kirkham as chief quartermaster for this district. It is exceedingly importanat in the organization of trains, in preparing supplies at different points, &c., and for other considerations, to have a man of his ability and experience to assist me.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: As the forts at Fort Point and on Alcatraz Island are now occupied by troops, I respectfully request that they may be named by the Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

February -, 1862.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War, with the request that he will designate names for the two permanent fortifications at Fort Point and Alcatraz Island, harbor of San Francisco.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., December 16, 1861-12 m.

Brigadier-General THOMAS;

Two companies First Cavalry, two companies Fourth Infantry, and one company Sixth Infantry, under Major Smith, First Cavalry, on steamer to-day for New York.

GEO. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

