HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 16, 1861.

LOUIS McLANE, Esq.,

Agent Overland Mail Company, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: After my several interview with you on the subject of the protection of the Overland Mail Route, and a careful consideration as to the most judicious course to pursue, I have reached the conclusion that the only feasible mode is to issued a moderate quantity of provisions to the Indians along the route, who are in a starving condition. It is next to impossible to send troops with their supplies over the mountains at this time; the expense would be enormous. The mail route must be protected, and I deem it my duty to act for the best interests of the Government and the country. Under these circumstances, in behalf of the Government I have to request that you issue in the course of the winter and spring to the Indians near your stations at and west of Camp Floyd, not to exceed 250 barrels of flour and 50,000 pounds of fresh beef, or equivalent in other articles of food. Feeling pounds of fresh beef, or equivalent in other articles of food. Feeling assured that the agents of the company will procure the provisions economically, and issued them judiciously, I cannot for a moment doubt that the Department will approved of my course, and that the company will be reimbursed by the United States Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 235. San Francisco, Cal., December 16, 1861.

1. Company A, Third Artillery, Lieutenant John B. Shinn commanding, will be sent without delay to Benicia Barracks, where it will be mounted and equipped as light artillery.

* * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NEW MEXICO,

Fort Bliss, Tex., December 16, 18161.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF SONORA:

SIR: Upon assuming command of the military forces of the Confederate States upon the frontier, I deem it of the first importance to come, if possible, to a frank, and candid agreement with the government, of the contiguous Mexican States in regard to certain matters which will necessarily concern the future relations of our respective Republices. In opening communications with Your Excellency upon these subject, it is my first and most agreeable duty to assure you, as I most sincerely do, that the governments of the Confederate States, and of the State of Texas are solicitous of cultivating with the Mexican Republic, and the several States composing it, relations not merely of peace, but of amity and good will. The maintenance of such relations is a manifest necessity to the political and commercial well-bring of countrie whose common boundaries and mutual intercourse are so

