
extensive as those of the northern States of Mexico and the Confederate States. Nothing shall be omitted on my part to inagurate and preserve, as far as in my option, this policy of my Government, and I entertain the hope that reciprocal motives will actuate yourself, sir, and the other high functionaries intrusted with the public affairs of the States of Mexico. Entertaining these views, I regret to be compelled to ask Your Excellency's attention to certain statements which purport to emanate from the public journals of the City of Mexico and Vera Cruz to the effect that by some trety or convention entered into within the last few months by the Central Government of Mexico and the Federal Government of the United States, the right has been conceded by the former to the latter to march troops and munitions of war across the territories of the Mexican States for the purpose of employin such troops and munition in the war now pending between the United States and the Confederate States. It is incumbent upon me to ask from Your Excellency an explanation whether or not such a treaty or convention exists, or is recognized and respected by the government of Sonora. If Your Excellency shall apprise me such a right has been conceeded to the enemy with whom my Government is at war, and that such a right is respected by the government of your State, the further duty will devolve upon me of informing Your Excellency in a future communication of the consequences which are to be apprehended in case the United States shall attempt to avail themselves of the facilities so afforded them to the injury of the States I have the honor to serve. I consider it proper to communicate officially to Your Excellency, as I have the honor now of doing, the fact that the forces under my command have now and for some time have had full possession of the region of country known as Arizona, and comprising the towns and settlements of the Mesilla Valley. It is no doubt a fact well known to Your Excesettlements of Arizona have been long subject to frequent incursions from the hostile Indians from the hostile Indians who infest the frontiers to the great injury of your people, as well as ours. These Indians upon committing depredations within one jurisdiction have been in the habit of seeking refuge within the other. If appears to me that a system of co-operation can be easily devised between Your Excellency and myself by which, without the least offense or injury to our respective governments or people, an ample retribution can be inflicted upon these enemies of the human race. I propose to you that the troops of either government shall be at liberty to pursue them within the territory of the other, the pursuing force to report as early as practicable their purpose and strength to the nearest military post of the country within which it shall have entered. By concerted action of our respective forces upon such a basis it would seen certain that these predatory tribes can be effectually subjected or exterminated. Should this proposition meet Your Excellency's concurrence I shall hold myself ready to emdoby it in any more solemn form that may be preferred by you. During the operations of my army it may becoem expedient to procure, bu purchase from the market of Sonora, supplies for my forces. In that case I entertain the hope that the comities recognized and practiced between friendly governments will be extended to my agents. I would be pleased if Your Excellency would concede to me the right, under such reasonable rugualations as you may desire, of establishing a depot in the port of Guayamas, and of transit from thence through the territory of your State. It is easy to see the immense advantage which must in a very period accrue to your

