
did so were bound to serve the Government at least during the rebellion. Under these circumstances I have uniformed adhered to the practice adopted by my predecessor and declined receiving resignations from officers of the Regular Army. With regard to officers of volunteer corps I have occasionally accpted, resignations tendered not for any want of loyalty to the Government, but for private reasons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., December 17, 1861.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: The following articles it will take time to prepare, and if they are not needed in this direction they will be needed on the Overland Mail Route in the spring, so nothing will be lost by having them procured at once. There should be prepared to ship to Fort Yuma two sets of shoes each for, say 1,200 mules. In round numbers, say 10,000 muleshoes. They should be hand-made shoes and fitted ready to set.

For this number of shoes there should be procured a plenty of horeshoe nails of the proper size. The shoes should one by one be carefully inspected by a practical shoer before they are boxed. Machine-made shoes we have no time or appliances of coal to work into proper shape en route. There should be prepared to ship to Fort Yuma two sets of shoes each for, say, 550 cavalry and artillery horses, including officers' horses, say 4,400 horseshoes. These should be hand-made and fitted ready to set. A plenty of horseshoe nails of proper size should be sent with them, and each shoe before it is boxed should be inspected by a practical shoer. I shall require 1,500 pairs of woolen overalls or trousers, of strong material and well made, and 1,500 woolen blouses, and 3,000 pairs of stockings, and 2,000 pairs of good strong shoes. These should be made or be got ready to ship to Yuma. This is all the clothing I desire to have at that point for supplying the troops while on the expedition. Each article should be of the best material and substantially made. In a few days I will have prepared all the estimates for the supplies I need.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE. - Nelson &amp; Doble is the firm where the best horse and mule shoes can be bought, those that are hand-made; they should have troops of steel for the muleshoes. These have to be added by the smith in working the shoes over ready to set.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 18, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES N. OLNEY,

Second Regiment California Volunteer Infantry,

President of San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: The position you are directed to occupy* with your command is, in the opinion of the general commanding the department, one of

---------------

* See Special Orders, Numbers 233, Department of the Pacific, December 12, p. 760.

---------------

49 R R-VOL L, PT I

