
I cannot speak too highly of the coolness, gallantry, and daring of the five men of Company E, Second Infantry California Volunteers, with me on that morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. B. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant, Second Infantry California Volunteers.

Captain C. D. DOUGLAS,

Second Infantry California Vols., Commanding Fort Anderson, Cal.

Numbers 7.

Reports of Captain Thomas E. Ketcham, Third California Infantry.

FORT BAKER, CAL., April 14, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of April 3, 1862, I left the post with thirty enlisted men for a scout against the Indians. Having received information from Mr. Reed through Faulkner, the Government packer, that there was a band of Indians in the Redwoods near his (Reed's) ranch, I directed my march to a secluded point on what is known as Abbott's ranch, between the North Fork of the Yager and another small stream which empies into it from the east, and about three miles north of Reed's ranch, behind a high mountain. From thence I sent out a small scouting party in charge of the guide for the purpose of tracing the Indians if possible. The scout was out all day and returned in the evening, reporting an abundance of old signs, ten deserted rancherias, but no sign less than a week old. At an early hour on the morning of the 6th, left camp with twenty-five men of the command, determined to thoroughly examine the Redwoods in the neighborhood of the Main and South Yager Creeks, the men carrying their rations in their haversacks. At 7 a. m. crossed over to the west bank of the Yager, and after marching about four miles discovered fresh Indiand tracks coming toward us. We followed the trail and found that the Indians had crossed the Yager about half a mile below the mouth of the South Yager. Not seeing any tracks of squaws or children, I concluded that it would be well to try and take their camp, and then meet the Indians on their way back and surprise them. We then took up the march for their camp, which we discovered about one mile distant, but entirely deserted. The ground around the camp was covered with tracks, big and little, giving evidence that a large band had been encamped there but the day before. We felled a tree across the Yager and passed over with the intention to cut them off if possible. After marching about two miles through the brush and timber struck the trail going east. We followed it up across the South Yager and up and along the mountain side, in many places so steep that the men could scarcely maintain their footing, until we came to a small prairie, where I halted the men for a few moments to allow them to take breath. The guide had scarcely stepped out of the timber before he was observed by a squaw, who ran to give the alarm. We endeavored to intercept her, but without success. The majority of the men, with myself, pushed on as fast as we possibly could, but did not get a glimpse of an Indian with the exception of the squaw, and of her all that was seen was her head and basket, and that but for a moment. The guide with a number of the men pursued down the mountain side to the creek, whilst a number of the men with myself deployed forward in pursuit, but without success. They fled, leaving everything behind them that could embarrass their flight. There were 17 parts of sacks

