
Point and Alzatraz Island have in position about one half of the guns required for their complete armament. I deem of importance that the balance of the armament for these forts should be sent our as soon as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 238. San Francisco, Cal., December 19, 1861.

Companies C and E, First Cavalry, under the command of Captain William T. Magruder, will embark for the Easton on the steamer of the 21st. Surg. Thomas A. McParlin and Asst. Surg. Pascal A. Quinan will accompany this command. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal. December 19, 1861.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

First Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District Southern California, Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department directs me to inform you that the proposition submitted for the consideration of the General-in-Chief, recommending the recapture of forts surrendered to the rebels in Arizona, having been approved, your are desired to communicate to these headquarters as early as possible a statement in full of what is necessary for the complete equipment of the force to be placed under your command. This force will consist of the First Regiment of Infantry and battalion of First Cavalry California Volunteers, and a battery of four light guns under the command of Lieutenant Shinn, Third Artillery. The general has given directions for the transportation necessary for this movement to be forwarded to San Pedro, where the trains will be organized under the immediate direction of Captain Moore, assistant quartermaster, who will report to you for duty. Directions have also been given for the shipment to the mouth of the Colorado River of 200,000 rations of subsistence stores. The troops to be employed on this expedition and now on duty in the southern district will be relieved by the First Regiment of Infantry and one or two squadrons of the Second Cavalry California Volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., December 19, 1861.

Captain T. L. ROBERTS,

Commanding at Sant Diego, Cal.:

SIR: Have your company got in perfect readiness for important field service connected with the re-establishment of Fort Majave and of Fort

