
Baker at Las Vegas, on the Salt Lake road. Have a drill at the target, three shots per man a day for ten days, commencing at 100 yards and increasing ten yards each day. Have also two hours' drill each day at skirmish drill. Make a tabular report of every shot to me. Be careful of your clothing; have it carefully mended, particularly the men's shoes.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Decemer 20, 1861-2 p. m.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: My reports and returns already made, and which you will receive with this, will inform you of the strength of my command. The troops are in good condition, and improving in discipline and instruction. The country is generally quiet. In the southwestern portion of the State the sympathizers with rebellion are numerous, and small parties are constantly organizing with a view to pass the frontier; but thus far we have defeated their attempts. The most stringent measures have a been adopted and enforced to prevent the rebels from receiving any assistance from this country. I am now actively engaged in preparing the means of transportation and all the supplies necessary for the expedition which I am authorized to make under Colonel Carleton.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., December 21, 1861.

Major RICHARD C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit for the consideration of the general commanding the department a memorandum of supplies (A) which may be needed at San Pedro, for 1,600 men while marching from Camp Latham, Cal., to Fort Yuma, on the Colorado River; these supplies to be purchased at San Francisco and shipped to San Pedro. They amount to 87,888 pounds of subsistence stores, including ten days added for delays at Fort Yuma and contigencies on the route thirter, but not comprising five days in every seven of fresh beef to be driven on the hood. The memorandum also includes 300 six-gallon water kegs, to be purchased and shipped as above; also 3,000 pounds of horse and mule shoes, nails, &c., out of 8,000 pounds, which be shipped to San Pedro. On the memorandum marked A you will find that there should be 441,000 pounds of barley shipped from San Francisco to San Pedro, to provide forage for 900 mules and 550 horses for thirty days. This calculation is adopted to a train of 150 wagons, 425 cavalry, and 125 artillery and officers' horses, and contemplates that the wagons shall start with 3,000 pounds each, with contingencies of delays amounting to ten days, as stated. The memorandum shows that 102,000 pounds

