
WASHINGTON, December 23, 1861.

(Received 9. 10 p. m. 24th.)

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT, U. S. tter of November 5 received. Retain Colonels Cady and Carleton in your department. Your arrangements are approved.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, December 23, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel A. CADY,

Seventh Regiment Infantry, Commanding Dist. of Oregon,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

COLONEL: The general commanding the department directs me to inform you that during the interruption of the overland mail my high water all communications to these headquarters are to be sent by express companies. Colonel Cady will please notify the post commanders in Oregon and Washington Territory accordingly.

Very respecvtfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. F. WRIGHT,

Lieutenant, Second Cavalry California Volunteers,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Camp Latham, near Los Angeles, Cal., December 23, 1861.

All persons who have been arrested or who may be arrested in this State as secessionists or traitors to the country will be kept in confinement at Fort Yuma until final action is had on each case. The garrison of that fort will be at once increased to nine companies- one of artillery, six of infantry, and two of cavalry. Its defense will be strengthened and some heavy guns mounted, and it will be well supplied with ammunition, provisions, and forage. It is reported that the Navajo Indians obstruct the route from Albuquerque to Los Angeles, now important as the only one on which the daily mail from the States can be carried, that of the north being blocked up with snow, that of the south being in possession of the rebels at its eastern end and on the Rio Grande.

These Indians are therefore to be brought to terms. An expedition, consisting of seven companies, will move up the Colorado on Colonel Hoffman's trail. Therefore of these companies (infantry) will reoccupy Fort Navajo and re-establish the ferry. This force, as heretofore, will draw its supplies from Los Angeles. The other four-three of cavalry and one of infantry-will proceed on to Las Vegas, near the Potosi mines, on the Salt Lake road, and establish a post at the old Mormon fort. This is preliminary to the movement, already ordered, of troops next summer to Fort Crittenden, near Satl Lake. The new post at Las Vegas will be known as Fort Baker.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

LOS ANGELES, December 23, 1861.

Colonel J. H. CARLETON:

SIR: On the 21st of November I left this place (Los Angeles) and spent the night at Mrs. Carpenter's ranch of Los Nietos, distant about

