
twelve miles. On the following day I reached Anaheim. Here I was informed by a miner from the ranch of Judge Witherbee, in San Diego County, that a few days previous a party of about sixteen men, all well armed, had left that neighborhood and the town of San Diego ostensibly ona prospecting tour in the mountains near where the State line passes the mountain range in its course from the coast to the Colorado River and Desert. Knowing that there is a trail leading over the mountain at the point called the Jacumba Pass, and thinking that possibly the information obtained might proved a thread that would lead me to some rendezvous on the Lower Colorado, I continued on toward San Diego, spending the night of the 23rd at San Juan Capistrano, and that of the 24th at the residence of Colonel C. J. Coutz, near the mission of San Louis River, and distant from Los Angeles about ninety miles, and forty from the town of San Diego. From information obtained I became satisfied that the above-mentioned party was less in number than represented, and that it was in fact a prospecting party which had armed themselves in order to immediate or override the Mexican authorities on the frontier, as the commanding officer, Don Matias Moreno, had forbiden any parties under the pretense of mining coming over the line into Lower or Mexican California. My health, which was bad at the time of leaving Los Angeles, caused me to travel quite slowly, making short journeys daily. On the 25th turned back from Mr. Coutz's ranch, and traveled about twenty miles to Temecula.

Had I learned that there were two men, travelers toward Texas, who had been waiting some days the arrival of their companions who were expected from El Monte or Los Angeles.

On the following morning (26th0 was introduced to the two travelers, one of whom was a Mr. Summer. The other man's name I have forgotten. As they purposed traveling toward Warner's ranch we left in company. Traveled very slowly. Discovered from Mr. Summer that he was desirous to avoid, if possible, the military post at Camp Wright. Gave him all the information in my knowldge respecting the roads and trails. Did not find him communicative respecting the object of his journey to Texas, or the persons whom he expected to accompany him. Sind he might spend the winter on the Colorado River. My companions having stopped at Giftaler's, I proceeded to Camp Wright, where I spent the night Major Rigg. Was treated with great hospitality both by the major and all the officers of the command. The officers and men appeared in an effective state. Their drill and discipline appeared good, yet as they were just forming the camp, not yet having completed from Buena Vista (Warner's ranch), the opportunity of judging was unfavorable. Traveled twenty-one miles. On the 27th proceeded to Old Camp Wright, fifteen miles, and spent the night with Lieutenant Vestal, who with a small number of soldiers still occupied the camp. Was treated very politely by the lieutenant and spent the night agreeably. On the 28th went to San Juan Isabel, ten miles, and stopped with Mr. F. O. Campo. Found him in communication with Major Rigg and busily employed, both himself and servants, in affording aid to the major in the prosecution of his plans. During the night Captain Greene, from Major Rigg's command, with about thirty men arrived at the ranch. On Friday morning (29th), learned from a herdsman in the employ of Mr. O'Camp that Showalter's party had been arrested by command of Major Rigg early that morning. Major Rigg displayed a good deal of energy and perseverance in this affair. In the afternoon left Santa Isabel and traveled on a trail to San Felipe in company with a Mexican to his residence at the Volcan, some six miles, where I spent the night. Learned that Don Manuel Guadara had arrived at Carrillo's

