
(Buena Vista) on the day previsions, but after my departure from that locality. Wrote a note to Colonel Carleton inclosing it in one to Major Rigg advising them of this fact. Intrusted the notes, which had not signature, to an Indian, with small expectation that they would reach their intended destination. November 30, left the Vocan and descending the mountain reached San Felipe, seven miles. Was informed that Governor Gaudara left there on the morning of the 28th. Was told that Sonorians on the road and residing in that borhood entertained the idea that Gaudara's visit was to see what prospect there was of obtaining men and means in this State to assist him in restoring himself to power in Sonora. Traveled to Vallecito, in all twenty-two miles, and put up with Mr. Mulkins, who keeps the station-house with the assistance of Mrs. Beard, his sister. Mr. Mulkins has been advised by letter that Showalter's party had been captured; and although he was too unwell to take my horse to the stable, leaving me to feed and stable my horse, he spent the night till a late hour in writing what appeared to be answers to two letters lying before him on the table, and to which he frequently referred while writing, and which he burned after completing his letters.

December 1, proceeded to Carriso Creek and took dinner with Sergeant McClaggan, an old soldier and a good and true man. He was glad to see me, having know in San Diego. At this place found Mr. Gonzales, whose ferry on the Colorado had been suspended by order of Lieutenant-Colonel West, commanding at Fort Yuma. He was on his way to the settlements of California with his family, household goods, &amp;c. He said that his lot had been a hard one, and that he intended to lay his case before Colonel Carleton. In his company were traveling some two or three Americans. Wrote a letter without signature and inclosed it in one to the postmaster of Los Angeles, also without singature, and gave it to one of the Americans to put into the office on his reaching Los Angeles. On inquiring of one of Gonzales' company respecting the condition of things at the Gonzales Ferry, was told that I would have no difficulty in crossing there, as the Indians had balsas (rafts) with which they would cross me. Went on to Indian Wells, some twenty-eight miles, and slept. Here I found Mr. Albright with a mule team on his way to San Felipe. He was in the employ of Mr. Yager. December 2, traveled to Seven Wells, about thirty-five miles.

Met a number of Mexicans from Sonora. They were going to Canfornia. Could learn nothing of importance from them. December 3, reached Yager's and forward letters, &c., to Lieutenant-Colonel West at the fort, distant one mile. On the morning of the 4th visited the fort. Was received by Colonel West with much hospitality. The men composing the garrison were busily occupied in throwing up earthworks at different points on the hill called Fort Yuma. Remained at Mr. Yager's until the 10th, visiting the fort daily or riding up the river where some herdsmen were engaged in collecting cattle. Directed my attention somewhat to beaver hunting, and succeeded in securing the capture of one through the aid of one Mr. Yager's men, who living near Gonzales' Ferry had come up and brought his traps at my solicitation. Went out with him and assised in setting his traps, but norting was caught this time. From this man I became that there was no rendezvous of men at or near Gonzales' Ferry, nor had there been any such rendezvous. He has frequently and recently examined the river on each bank for some distance below the ferry in search of grass fields for hay-making. He was so engaged at the time of my arrival on the river. I saw men from the gold fields on both sides of the Colorado River and in the works of that river and the Gila, and I

