
became fully satisfied that there were no bodies of men collecting on either river. At Colorado City, opposite Fort Yuma, found an old acquaintace, Jack Hinton, and made a new one in the person of Mr. Hooper (a young brother of G. F. Hooper). Both of these gentlemen are good and true Union men. While at the river a Mexican arrived there from Warner's ranch. He told me that he was present at the taking of Showalter's party, but from the place described by him as the place where they were taken I at once discovered his falsity. I further learned that he was on his way to Cahorca via Sonoita, in Sonora. I also suspected that there was an intention to deceive Colonel West as to his destination. I immediately went to the fort and informed Colonel West. This man having left Warner's ranch after the arrival there of Gaudara caused me to suspect that he might have been sent to Sonora by Gaudara. Having been informed by Colonel West that he was coming to Los Angeles and invited to accompany him, I left the river on the 10th instant on my return.

On the morning of the 14th Captain Parvin at San Felipe, with his company of infantry from Camp Wright, on his way to Fort Yuma. Reached Camp Wright (Oak Grove) this day, where I remained until the 16th, waiting for my horse, which was at Santa Isabel. The camp was on the alert, having been put in a state of defense as if preparing for an attack. The Showalter party and some others were detained at this camp as prisoners. I reached the Laguna this evening, where I overtook Colonel West. On the 17th reached San Jose, and on the 18th returned to Los Angeles. On the 4th I wrote Colonel Carleton from Fort Yuma, advising him of my arrival out. There was nothing worthy of note on the return. At Carriso Creek Mr. McClaggan informed me that a few days previous (7th instant) a party of eight men were seen at Indian Wells. As they were not seen at any other point on the road. I conclude that they must have traversed the dese south, east of San Bernardino Mountain, and crossing the river at the place where seen continued on toward Gonzales' Ferry or some point still lower down the river. This route east of San Bernardino to Indian Wells has frequently been traveled by parties on their way to Sonora from this State. The appearance of the troops at the different posts and camps where I met them was, in my inexperienced judgment, good. Whether at permanent posts, temporary camps, or on the march, I was not agreeably disappointed in the soldierlike bearing and deportment of the volunteers. A detachment of cavalry, which I met on the march between new and old Camp Wright the 27h of November, called forth my admiration. Had it been marching in revies or to the battlefield their compact formation and perfect order, could not well have excelled that which they presented while marching through a broken country over a winding, zigzag road line with brush. There are some men on the road whose patriotism is not above suspicion. There are but few inhabitants on the river, and they mostly Mexicans, in whom no great reliance could be safely reposed.

J. J. WARNER.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 240. San Francisco, Cal., December 24, 1861.

* * *

2. Colonel C. Simes, Second Cavalry California Volunteers will designate there companies of his regiment for duty in the District of Southern

50 R R-VOL L, PT I

