
best. The general approves instructions contained in your letter to Major Rigg relative to the Showalter party, as also those in your letter addresse to Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre. The articles required for your command will be forwarded as fast as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 241. San Francisco, Cal., December 26, 1861.

1. Company K, Ninth Infantry, will proceed to and take post at th fort at Fort Point. On its arrival Captain Van Voast will assume command of the post.

* * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 26, 1861.

Captain E. A. ROWE,

Second Cav. California Vols., Commanding Fort Churchill, New. Ter.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 18th instant, regarding Indian affairs in the vicinity of Fort Churchill, I am directed by the general commanding the department to say that your action on the requisition of Governor Nye is approved. Although the Governor of the Terrirory has no military authority over the troops stationed within its limits, yet the general desires you to afford him every assistance in you power, at the same time exercising a sound discretion in the matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 27, 1861.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In pursuance to instructions from your once, addressed to Major William Austine, Third Artillery, I have ordered him to proceed immediately to Washington for examination by the retiring board. I cannot part with Major Austine without expressing to the department my high appreciation of his services as commander of the fort at Fort Point for several months past. A few weeks since I critically inspected the major's command, where I found everything in the highest order. By his industry and activity the fort has been put in the best possible condition to guard the passage of the Golden, Gate. Major Austine appears to be in very robust health, and I doubt, not on his examination will be found able-bodied and fully equal to the performance of any duties which may be developed on him. I should be very glad to have a field officer of artillery to command at Fort Point. Although we have but a small number of troops in the fort at this moment, yet the

