
will be interseting at Army Headquarters. It will be observed that the number of guns in position is only about one-half of the number required for the full armament. In case of a foreigh war the attention of the enemy would most certainly be directed to San Francisco as the most important point on the Pacific Coast, and I hope that the guns required to complete the armament of the forts may be sent to this place as soon as possible. I also take the liberty of referring you to my communication of the 20th of September, 1860, from headquarters of the Department of Oregon, and addressed to the assistant adjutant-general at the Headquarters of the Army, by which it will be perceived that both Oregon and Washington are defenseless.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 28, 1861.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

First Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District of Southern California, Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department directs me to say, in reply to your letter of the 21st instant, that the suggestions contained therein are generally approved. The light artillery company will be sent to San Pedro, whence they march to Yuma. The 200,000 subsistence rations will be sent, as already ordered, via the Gulf of California. The supplies for San Pedro will be sent forward as soon as possible.

Very respectfull, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 28, 1861.

Colonel COLUMBUS SIMS,

Second Cavalry California Vols., Commanding Camp Alert. Cal.:

SIR: One of the three companies of your regiment designated for service in the southern district will the general commanding the department directs, embark on the steamer Senator for San Pedro on the 1st proximo. Lieutenant Colonel George S. Evans will accompany this part of his command. The quartermaster will inform you of the exact hour the troops will embark; also when transportation is in readiness for the other companies. The general directs that any officers or enlisted men in arrest or confinement belonging to these companies will be sent with their respective companies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.,
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 28, 1861.

Lieutenant-Colonel CADY,

Seventh Infantry, Commanding District of Oregon:

SIR: The inclosed communication was received yesterday and submitted to the general commanding the department for his action

