
FORT BAKER, CAL., April 28, 1862.

SIR: In pursuance of orders received from district headquarters a detachment of twenty-five enlisted men of Company A, Third Infantry California Volunteers, under the command of Captain Ketcham, left the post on the afternoon of the 23rd instant in pursuit of a band of Indians who had been killing cattle in the neighborhood of the McEntee Crossing, on the Van Dusen River. The detachment made camp near the edge of the Redwood, about three miles below the crossing at 10 p. m. On the following morning foudn the Indian trail leading into the Redwoods; traced the trail across the Van Dusen, up the mountains side until dark, when we encamped. On the 25th instant followed the trace over the mountains, across the mail trail toward the mouth of Larrabee Creek. About 3 p. m. discovered a large ranch which had been fortified be felling trees around it, but the Indians had deserted the ranch two or three days previously. We finally succeeded in finding the trail about dark, when we encamped. At daybreak of the 26th had the men up, and after breakfast started upon the trail, coming upon the Indians about 9 a. m. encamped in a deep ravein near Eel River. There were 3 Indians and 1 squaw killed, 2 boys, 11 squaws, and 11 chilren prisoners, two bucks and one squaw escaping. On our march homeward in the afternoon discovered fresh Indian tracks crossing the mail trail toward the Van Dusen. Detached ten men from the command, leaving fifteen to guard the prisoners to McEntee's Crossing. Followed the trace to the Van Dusen, where we lost it. Not being able to regain the trace, started for camp at McEntee's Crossing, which we reached at 9 p. m., on our way finding the ranch which had been reported by Mr. Gray. The ranch had been deserted some days. The detachment with the prisoners arrived at Fort Baker the afternoon of the 27th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. E. KETCHAM,

Captain, Third Infantry California Vols., Commanding Fort Baker.

Lieutenant JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humbodlt Military District.

FORT BAKER, CAL., May 14, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the return of the detachment of ten men sent out from this post on the morning of May 11, 1862. They brought with them fifty-nine Indians besides the three runners sent out with the command, to wit, nineteen bucks, twenty-four squaws, and sixteen children, making in all eighty-eight now at the post. The detachment was sent out under orders to proceed to some eligible spot near Larrabee Creek and Eel River, and from thence to send out runners and collect as many Indians as possible and bring them to the post. They were to remain out six days, but if they could accomplish the object which I had in view in less than the six days, to return as soon as that object was accomplished. At 10 a. m. May 13 the detachment camped near Eel River and immediately sent out runners in different directions. The runners returned to camp early this morning, bringing with them the Indians above mentioned. The runners report that the rest of the Indians had run off. The most of them had gone up South Fork of Eel River, having been scared by a large number of soldiers (Lieutenant Hubbard's command, I presume), who were near the mouth of Larrabee Creek. The runners could not be induced to go out again

