
The general desires you to instruct the commander of the escort to cross the mountains as early in the spring as possible and proceed to Fort Vancouver, bringing with it all the means of transportation and the supplies in their possessions. It was not designated to relieve the escort with volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.] HDQRS. ESCORT TO MILITARY WAGON ROAD EXPEDITION, Cantonment Wright, Big Blackfoot, November 6, 1861.

First Lieutenant A. C. WILDRICK,

Third Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General,

Fort Vancounwer, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Special Orders, Numbers 43, dated headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 7, 1861, received November 4, 1861. I have made much inquiry with reference to the practicability of taking either wagons or a pack train over the Bitter Root Mountains this winter, and have been invariably answered that it was absolutely impossible. I have therefore determined not to move until spring. The only way that the mountains can be crossed is with snow-shoes, and neither the wagon road nor the trail via Pend d' Oreille Lake will be practicable for trnaportating either troops or stores before the 1st of March, 1862, and then only by the trail. The road will probably be impassabel for wagons until the last of June or the first of July, while the road from here to Fort Benton is passble with but a short interval (in midwinter) throuhghout the year. If I should move my command from here to join their respective companies as soon as possible in the spring, it will be necessary to abandon or sell all my wagons and some commissary stores. I have the honor to await further orders on this subject. By Special Orders, Numbers 50, dated headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, April 8, 1861, Article 2, Lieutenant Mullan is placed in command of the Walla Walla and Fort Benton road party. By Orders, Numbers 1, dated Military Road Expedition, Camp at Aspen Grove, Wash. Ter., May 23,, 1861, I am placed in command of the escort, since which time I have acted as commander of the escort. I have the honor to request to know is considered in command of the escort at headquarters of the district, and whether an order coming to the comamnding officer of the escort is intended for Lieutenant Mullan's action or my own. I also have the honor to request that Article III, of Special Orders, Numbers 43, headquarters District of Oregon, may be intepreted for me, as it has received one interpretion, viz, that the escort is to remain until received by volunteers, and another interpretation, viz, that the escort is relieved by that order from further duty as escort, and will proceed as soon as possible to join their respective companies. I have the honor to request the interpretation at the headquarters of the district.

Hoping that my action in this case will meet your approval, I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SALEM S. MARSH,

Second Lieutenant, Second Infantry.

Commanding Escort to Military Road Expedition.

