HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 2, 1862.

Colonel G. W. BOWIE,

Fifth Regiment California Volunteer Infantry,

Commanding Camp Union, near Sacramento, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department desires you to hold your regiment in readiness to move to the District of Southern California at an ealry day. I will communicate the time of departure by telegraph. The camp and garrison equiPAGEpertaining to the headquarters and companies will be taken with the command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 3, 1862.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF OREGON,

Salem, Oreg.:

GOVERNOR: The Secretary of War requests that you will forward to this office, at your earliest convenience, a return of the two and three years' regiments and independent companies of volunteers furnished up to this date under the authority of your State, setting forth the strength of each regiment or independent company, and the resepctive arms to which they belonged when transferred to the General Government. He further desires that you will forward a similar return (or a complete a one as it may be in your power to render) of all two and there years' volunteer troops raised within the limits of your State upon that has been termed "independent acceptances. " He also requests that you will report the number of regiment or independent companies now organizing in your State, the present strength thereof, and the time at which they will probably be completed and ready to take the field.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 6, 1862.

Colonel FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Second Infantry California Volunteers, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Inclosed you will receive a copy of Superintendent Hanson's letter to the general commanding the department. * You are desired to carry out as far as possible the suggestions contained therein. As soon after you have established your headquarters as the weather will permit, the general desires you to visit all the posts in your distict and take early measures to remove the Indians to the reservations as soon as the superintendent is prepared to receive them. Full powers are given you to use all the troops for the purpose above indicated and maintaining the peace and quiet of the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient sevant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Hanson to Wright, December 31, 1861, p. 792.

---------------

