
are in a very satisfactory state, provided our present status is not disturbed; but should we get involved in a foreign war our entire sea-coast, with the exception of this harbor, is open to assaults. I have done all in my power to strength the defenses of the city. The forts have about 140 guns mounted. This is but little more then one-half of their complete armament. I have urged the Department to have the balance of the guns sent out as soon as possible. The chief engineer is now preparing a plan for defensive field-works to command the approaches to the city, should a landing be attempted by the enemy. Should we become engaged in a war with any nation powerful on the ocean, this is the only point on the Pacific coast where effective resistance could be made. I am aware that in the present condition of our country we cannot expect the Government to place the whole coast in immediate condition to resist a powerful fleet, but give us plenty of heavy guns and ammunition and we will try and do for ourselves.

The State is quiet and a large majority of the people loyal and true to Government. It is true that in some portions of the State a sympathizing element exists, but no overt acts to any great extent have been committed. Their own interests, aided by the salutary influence of a few regiments in their presence, serves to keep them loyal-at least as far as appearances go. The volunteer troops in this State are a fine body of men. I have about 6,000 of them, and I hope soon to be able to report that they have done something for their country.

Inclosed herewith is a rough copy of a communication* which I addressed to headquarters in September, 1860, when I was in command of the Department of Oregon, which will show you the defenseless condition of the whole sea-coast of Oregon and Washington. I pray that the united delegation from this coast will bring the subject before the Department and Congress.

With great respect, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 7, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Fifth Regiment Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Camp Union, Sacramento, Cal.:

SIR: The department commander desires you to send two companies of your regiment to this city for embarkation on the steamer Wright, which sails for San Pedro on the 9th instant. The lieutenant-colonel of your regiment will accompany this force. The general desires you to designate one company of your regiment, the captain to be a reliable man, to garrison San Diego. You will hold this company in readiness to proceed to this city on the order of the general. The companies proceeding south will each take their camp and garrison equiPAGEand there days' provisions, to be issued after landing at San Pedro. Two companies will be sent down on the 9th for embarkation on the 10th instant. The companies will arrive on the evening previous to sailing, and arrangements will be made by your regimental quartermaster to keep them on board the steamer during the night they remain here.

The major will accompany this last detachment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

