HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 7, 1862.

Colonel G. W. BOWIE,

Camp Union, Sacramento, Cal.:

Two companies will come down to-morrow and two on Thursday to sail for San Pedro on Thursday and Friday, respectively.

By order:

RICHD C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH INFANTRY,San Francisco, January 8, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have received from your office General Orders of 1861 from the War Department, Nos. 1 to 69, inclusive, and from 98 to 101, both inclusive. The intermediate numbers have not been received. General Orders from the Headquarters of the Army, Nos. 1 to 15, received, except Nos. 4, 5, 9, which are missing. Major Patten, Ninth Infantry, arrived here on the 26th ultimo, and I have placed him in command of the battalion of the Ninth Infantry at the Presidio. I retain command of the regiment myself, with my headquarters in this city. My returns, &amp;c., of the regiment have been much delayed in consequence of not received reports from the company (E) which went East with the Fourth Infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Colonel Ninth Infantry and Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, January 9, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Nothing of importance has transpired within the department since my communication addressed to you on the 31st ultimo. The Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Colonel Bowie, is now moving to Southern California. There companies of the Second Cavalry California Volunteers, under the lieutenant-colonel of that regiment, have already been sent to the same point. This force will remain in the southern of the State after the advance of Colonel Carleton. Colonel Lippitt, Second Infantryy California Volunteers, has moved with his headquarters to Fort Humboldt, and assumed company of that district. Colonel Lippit has six companies of infantry and one of cavalry, a force deemed ample to quell any Indian disturbances in that quarter. Some weeks since serious apprehensions were entertained of Indian outbreaks along the Overland Mail Route, but thus far quiet has been maintained; the judicious distirbution of provisions, to meet the immediate wants of those Indians, has had a good effect. I have sent two companies of the Second Infantry California Volunteers to Santa Barbara, about 400 miles down the coast; the battalion is commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Olney, of the Second Regiment, and is posted at Santa Barbara to protect the loyal inhabitants of that district and

