
enforce the laws of the United States. My latest advices from the District of Oregon contain no information of importance. The Indians are quiet. This is the most severe winter experienced on this coast for several years past. The incessant heavy rains, together with the melting of snow on the mountains, has swollen the rivers and streams, overflowed a vast extent of country, and destroyed an immense amount of property, and so obstructed our land mail-routes that we are forced to resort almost entirely to the express companies. My troops are mostly in tents or temporary huts, and although frequently very uncomfortable, have really suffered but very little. The men are well clothed, well fed, an but few on the sick report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 9, 1862.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF CALIFORNIA,

San Francisco:

General Wright was authorized by the Secretary of War, December 2, subject to your approval, to raise a regiment of infantry and seven companies of cavalry.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 9, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN G. DOWNEY,

Governor State of California, Sacramento, Cal.:

DEAR SIR: On the eve of your retirement from the gubernatorial chair of the State of California, it affords me great pleasure to present to Your Excellency my warmest thanks for the active co-oparation and assistance which Your Excellency has afforded the commander of this department in organizing the volunteer force in this State, and to assure Your Excellency that I shall ever recur with pleasurem to the brief period of our official and private intercourse.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 9, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. E. DE RUSSY,

Engineer Corps, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: Desiring to address a communication to the Governor of this State on the subject of erecting field-works to guard the approaches to the city at as early a day as practicable, the general commanding the department wishes to know whether you have completed your reconnaissance for this purpose. Should the Legislature at its present session take any steps in the matter, the general designs furnishing the

