
for fear the soldiers would shoot them, and also stated that the Indians could not be found for several days. Under these circumstances the camp was broken up and the detachment, with the prisoners, returned to this post. I am very much disappointed with the result obtained, for I had good reason to expect at least 150 Indians to be brought to the post. I would respectfully represent to the colonel commanding that since Lieutenant Hubbard has been sent into my district it is no more than just to me that I should at least be informed of shi movements. His scout upon Eel River at the present time will, I think, be found to be productive of more evil than benefit. the Indians upon Eel River generally have been desirous to come in, but were afraid to trust the whites. In pursuance of instructions, I have promised them protection, and many of them were waiting for me to send over some soldiers to protect them on the way to the post, when they say that seeing soldiers that they knew were not mine, they took to flight with thee few above mentioned. There are eight of the bucks who came in to-day who have squaws and children at the fort, and are very anxious about them. I have promised them that the whites shall not interfere with their squaws, and that they can go down to the fort in a few days. I desire to know if the colonel commanding desires to have Las-Sic's band called in, or whether I shall pursue him. I have been informed that the Indians are very troublesome around Kneeleand's Prairie. Will I be justified in sending an expedition there? I am satisfied that my plan of employing Indian runners will be found to be of great utility, both in calling Indiands in and in hunting those who do not come in. I have seen enough of trailing Indians to convince me that an Indian can follow a trail when a white man would be completely at fault.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. E. KETCHAM,

Captain, Third Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Mil. Dist., Fort Humboldt, Cal.

FORT HUMBOLDT, CAL., June 23, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 65, headquarters Humboldt Military District, I crossed Mad River in command of thirty men of Company A, Third Infantey California Volunteers, and thoroughly scouted the country from the mouth of Pilot Creek to within two miles and a half of Fort Lyon and from the summit of the mountain to Mad River. On the fifth day out we captured two young boys and forced them to lead us to their ranch. We found that the ranch had been deserted the day previous. Took the trail from the ranch; marched until dark, when I discovered an Indian fire on the opposite side of the river. As soon as the moon rose the men were put in motion, marched until daybreak, when we crossed the river, attacfked the ranch, killed one Indian, and two got away. The brush around the ranch was so thick that it was with great difficulty that the men forced their way through and greatly facilitated the escape of the Indians. During the attack upon the ranch one of the Indian boys made his escape. We afterward succeeded in finding the trail of the entire band of Indians about five miles from Fort Lyon and tracked them across the river without being able to overtake them.

