
of all kinds for volunteers. A requisition was made some time since on your office for a supply. I beg of you to send them out by the steamer express; othewise we shall never get them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 10, 1865.

Major General D. HUNTER, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

The Secretary of War says order Brigadier-General Denver, volunteer service, to report at Wheeling, Va., for duty in Department in West Virginia.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH INFANTRY CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp Sigel, Placer County, Cal., January 10, 1865.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: On Tuesday, the 7th instant, I dispatched two companies (F and H) of my regiment to Camp Union under the command of Major Henry Hancock, and am advised of their safe arrival at that place. The balance of the command would have been removed before this time but for the impossibility of procuring teams for transportation. Being compelled to rely upon private teams, of course I cannot control them, and they refuse to start in the present condition of the roads in the storm which is now raging, and which has been continuous for the last thirty-six hours. Besides, we hear from all quarters that the most substantial bridges have been carried off, and fears are entertained that the bridge at Folsom, over which we must necessarily pass en route to Camp Union, has been swept away. The streams about here are more swollen then ever before known by white inhabitants. Under the circumstances I hope to be pardoned should I be compelled to remain here longer than the time indicated in your letter of the 2nd day of January, 1862. I have endeavored to communicate with you by telegraph, and also tried to do the same with Sacramento and Folsom, but have failed in each instance. A reply to this by telegraph or mail (both of which are tempoararily suspended) at your earliest convenience would afford great satisfaction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. FORMAN,

Colonel Fourth Infantry California Volunteers.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 2. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., January 10, 1862.

I. Agreeably to instructions from the headquarters Department of the Pacific, Company C (Bissell's), Ninth Infantry, is designated to proceed to Camp Pickett, San Juan, and relieve Company D, Third Artillery. The company will be held in readiness to embark on the

51 R R-VOL L, PT I

