
stemaer which may be expected to start about the 12th or 13th instant. Assistant Surgeon Taylor will accompany this command and continue on duty at Camp Pickett.

II. Company D, Third Artillery, when relieved will embark on the steamer on its return and proceed to San Francisco, Cal., where it will taske post at Alcatraz Island.

A. CADY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Infantry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 11, 1862.

His Excellency LELAND STANFORD,

Governor State of California, Sacramento City, Cal.:

SIR: In view of the possibility of our becoming engaged in a war with a foreign nation, I have called on Colonel De Russy, the chief engineer of the U. S. Army on this coast, to prepare and submit to these headquarters a plan for defensive field-works, to guard the approaches by land to this city. As soon as Colonel De Russy completes his reconnaissance and fixes upon the points for the erection of the works, I shall take great pleasure ins ubmitting the whole subject to the consideration of Your Excellency. In cas eof a war with a maritime nation, the immediate attention of the enemy would most certainly be directed to this city, the great entrepot of our possession on the Pacific coast. To prevent the ingress of ships of war, we have the forts at Fort Point and on Alcatraz Island with 140 heavy guns now in position at commanding points. Batteries can readily be thrown up, and with such naval force as could be concentrated in the harbor, it is believed that this city would be safe. The General Government has but a small amount of funds at present available for defensive works on this coast, but I apprenend no embarrassment on this account, not for a moment doubting that the loyal and Union-loving people of California will most cheefully respond to any call which may be made on the, whether for men or money to defend their State from foes without or traitors within.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 1. Los Angeles, January 12, 1865.

The undersigned will be absent from the district for a few days at San Francisco on business connected with the public service. Lieutenant Colonel Joseph R. West, First Infantry California Volunteers, will be temporarily in command of the district, and will remain at New San Pedro, where he will see that suitable provisions are made for the troops which have ealready arrived at that point or which may arrive from a bove during the absence of the undersigned. He will also see that the means of Government trnasportation accumulating there are thoroughly organized for the field. All disbursements in connection with these matters will be made only by order of Lieutenant Joseph R. West.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

