
But the Indians here are no more capable of such a combination than the wild beasts of the forests. Shall I send copies of all my district orders to your headquarters?
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,New San Pedro, Cal., January 13, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel E. E. EYRE,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Camp Latham:

On the 15th instant you will return to your command at Camp Carleton, near San Benrnardino, resuming your duties in accordance with the instructions that you have already received from the district commander. Fort your personal transportation make use of the ambulance which you brought with you from Camp Wright, and return the same to Camp Latham without delay.

Yours, &amp;c.,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

GENERAL ORDERS, CAMP DRUM, Numbers 4. New San Pedro, Cal., Junuary 13, 1862.

In accordance with instructions from the colonel commanding the Southern District of California, this camp is hereby named and shall hereafter be known as Camp Drum.

By order:

GEO. S. EVANS,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Cavalry Cal. Vols., Commanding Detachment.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Ter-Waw, January 14, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Your communication of January 9 came duly to hand on the 13th instnat. This post is located on the Klamath River six miles above the mouth and thirty miles from Crescent City on a flat piece of ground. Said post has been overflowed by the flood four time sthis season, and tooik away seventeen buildings out of twenty, which comprise all the buildings of this post. I have received orders from headquarters to rebuild the post. The condition of the company is as well as can be expected under the circumstances, having had rain nearly all the time we have been here. It is nearly impossible to drill the company more than wo or thee times per week. The number of men is fifty-five, including officers and all. Nothing more.

I remain, your obedient and humble servant,

JOHN H. MAY,

Captain Company C, Third Regiment California Volunteers.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, January 15, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Dept. of the Pacific, U. S. Army, San Francisco:

GENERAL: I am gratified to acknowledge receipt of yours of the 11th instant, and desire to assure you that I fully appreciate the importance of

