
a more perfect system of defense for the city and bay of San Francisco. To this end I shall cheerfully lend my aid and shall be glad to receive, at as early a day as possible, such communications as you may deem advisable to place before me in reference to the matter, that I may lay the subject before the Legislature in time for their early action.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

LELAND STANFORD,

Governor of California.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 6. San Francisco, Cal., January 15, 1862.

* * * *

2. Lieutenant Colonel Caleb C. Sibley, Ninth Infantry, having reported for duty at these headquarters, is assigned to the command of the Presidio of San Francisco.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,

New San Pedro, Cal., January 15, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel E. E. EYRE,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Camp Latham:

COLONEL: I have received news from Major Fergusson, at Camp Wright, that makes it necessary for you to use all possible expedition on your return to Camp Carleton. Major Fergusson finds it impossible to provide forage at Camp Wright for his train and the detachment of cavalry under Lieutenant Wellman. On your arrival at Camp Carleton satisfy yourself whether you can provide for ninety animals in addition to those already there, and dispatch an express to Major Fergusson at once with the proper information. On receiving favorable notice from you Major Fergusson wills end his train and Lieutenant Wellman's detachment of Company B to San BernardiNumbers I have ordered the men of Captain Shirland's company to return to Camp Latham. Report to me without delay whether you can provide for the animals from Camp Wright.

Yours, very respectfully,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,New San Pedro, Cal., January 15, 1862.

Major DAVID FERGUSSON,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Camp Wright, Cal.:

MAJOR: Your two communications of the 11th and one of the 12th instant have been received. your troubles in regard to forage appear to arise from the fact of your having certain animals at your post which can be sent to other localities without detriment to the service. The nature of your difficulties may be so changed by improved weather ere you receive this as to make it impurdent for me to give you any positive

