
suggesting plans of operations, and to say in reply, by direction of the general commanding the department, that the proposed plans are generally approved. As it will be impossible to make any effective movement against the Indians until after the waters subside, the general desires you in the meantime to acquaint yourself with the condition of affairs in the district, of which you are expected to keep these headquarters constantly advised. The court reuqested has been ordered. In consequence of the absence of Captain Ketcham, the men of his company against whom charges have been submitted will not be tried before the court, but reserved for another, which will be ordered. In consequence of the absence of Captain Ketcham, the men of his company against whom charges have been submitted will not be tried before the court, but reserved for another, which will be ordered on his return to his post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., January 16, 1862.

Captain J. S. CHMIDT,

Second Infantry California Vols., Commanding Fort Hoskins, Oreg.:

CAPTAIN: Your letter of the 27th ultimo was received a few days since. Your promptitude in repairing to the scene of trouble at the Siletz is entitled to high commendation, and it is to be hoped that it will have a good effect on the turbulent and disaffected of the Indians. Should you e able to get possession hereafter of the ringleaders named, it would be well to have them brought before the civil authority for trial. I am not authorized to furnish subsistence to these Indians, though they obviously require somenting of the kind. The means should be supplied by the Indian Department, and I presume that the agent at the block-house has made the necessary reports to the superintendent. The second detachment sent from Yamhill at your request should be returned to that post without unnecessary delay. As the box of ammunition you speak of is probably public property, it should be taken up on the ordnance return, with a statement showing how it came into your hands.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. CADY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Infantry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, January 17, 1862.

Colonel J. H. CARLETON,

Commanding District of Los Angeles, Cal.:

COLONEL: I inclose for your consideration a copy of a letter received yesterday from Mr. Clymer, superintendent of the Arizona Copper Mines; also a slip received by mr. Ayger from Sonoita. Consdering the information valuable, substantiating, as it does, certain information received by Messrs. Hinton and Yager, which I forwarded to you on the morning of the 16th, I at once forward the inclosed. The steamer Cocopah, Captain Johnson, arrived here to-day at 3 p. m. with barley from the mouth of the river, the cargo of the schooner Lolita, which was shipped from San Francisco by way of Guaymas, information of the loss of a portion of which (by the steamer Republic) I also forwarded to you. The steamer brings 1,000 sacks of barley. The ordnance is on another

