
vessel which was expected to arrive at the mouth of the river to-day. A portion of the gun carriages were thorwn overboard, also ammunition, a full statement of which I also forwarded to you by the express which left here on the morning of the 16th. I also inclose a poposition from mr. Yager to furnish the Government with beef-cattle for the Mojave expedition; also one for barley to be furnished at the several stations on the desert from San Felipe to Sackett's Wells; also a proposition from William Werninger to furnish hay and beef. If the contents of the several letters, copies of which I have sent you, are true (I have no doubt of it), the hay being cut and stacked at the general's will fall into their hands, as well as all the balance which Keene has or will contract for on that road, as well as White's wheat, unless there are troops to protect it. It is only reasonable to suppose that a force of the number mentioned would use or destroy anything which might be necessary to subsist troops on through that country. A large number of the men under Baylor are well acquainted with every inch of the country, and with all the people and their sentiments, and from the known sentiments of Ammi White, living at the pima Villages, it is but natural to suppose that he would be one of the first victims, parciularly as he is known to have a large quantity of wheat on hand, and they in want of it. I feel a good deal of anxiety to hear from him. Keene should be here, if nothing has occurred to him, from there on the 23d, and will bring reliable news, although I have no doubt but that Baylor with his command is in Tuscon. If so, he will soon be informed of hay being provided at the different points on that road, and it would require but a detachment from him to destroy it without fear of being molested. A force of mounted men could come to the Colorado and annoy this post very much without my being able to prevent it with my present force of infantry. I have no fear of having to surrender it, although 1,000 is good odds. I will endeavor to give a good account of my stewardshhip. If they do come, they could also destroy the steamer on the way from the mouth of the river. I will send Captain Dresher down on their with a detachment of men to-morrow morning, with instructions to guard against any surprise whilts wooding or otherwise, as well as to protect the ordnance which the boat will bring up. The guns are now to this post invaluable, and at this cirtical juncture the loss of the gun carriages, sponges, and ammunition is unforutnate. If the colonel will exucse me, I would suggest to him that shipping to Guaymas for reshipment to this post is, to say the lest, a very uncertain course to pursue. No dependence can be placed upon the time that they will take to land goods at the mouth of the river, besides the danger of their being lost altogether. Aside from the uncertainty of their getting there, information of the character of her cargo, &amp;c., can be sent to Tucson befor ethe vessel could arrive there, and a party on the bank of the river could destroy her (steamer) with musketry. If shipments were made direct to the mouth of the river by steam, the day of her arrival could be calculated upon with some certainty. The steamer Cocopah left here on the morning of December 26 and has just returned, making twenty-two days that she has been gone, and only four days of that time has been running time. The balance of the time has been consumed at the mouth of the river on the lookout for the schooner.

January 18, the steamer left here to-day at 11 a. m. for the mouth of the river. If all of the vessels expected there have arrived, the stores will have to be landed on the wharf or slip, which will detain her for a week. The hay which you directed me to have cut at Gila City, or

