
hauled there from a point above, will be ready in a week; also ten tons at Mission Camp, twenty miles above. I have made arrangements to send a man to Tuscom, by way of Sonoita. He is indorsed to me by Mr. Hinton as entirely reliable. He is well known to Captain Johnson also, who speaks of him in high terms. His farther lives at Sonoita. He will go there first to avoid being suspected of having been sent into that country, which will make a difference of one day in the time of travel. He has no fears of meeting with any diffuclty in going into Tucson. He will communicate with Mr. Warner there, and bring back to me information of the number and movements of Baylor's troops. I have made arrangements for him to go on from here on an animal not belonging to the Government; the brand would detect him, or he would be suspected of having stolen it. From Sonoita he will take one of his father's horses. His route will not be by the Pimas. He knows the country well and will not travel by any regularly traveled route. For his services I have agreed to pay him $75, and would desire you to give me some authority for it. It will take him twenty or twenty-five days. I feel confident that this man will fulfill his mission, and that his report will be not from hearsay or rumor, but from actual boservations. We are very badly in ant of express animals for scouting purposes. Lieutenant Taylor leaves in the morning for Gonzales' Ferry to destroy a boat hid in that neighborhood, and also one three miles from the river and twelve miles below. The boat near Gonzales' Ferry to destroy a boat hid in that neighborhood, and also one three miles from the river and twelve miles below. The boat near Gonzales' is large enough to hold twenty men and the other ten. I have also infromation of there being several canoes or dug-outs farther down, which I have sent for the Indians to bring up. Pasqual, chief of the Yumas, will be here on Monday to see me. I will try and have him keep a sharp lookout on the river. I have instructed Captain Johnson to send a Cocopah from below inot the Maricopa country to collect what information he can about troops moving in that direction. The two tribes, Captain Johnson tells me, are friendly, and that they can be depended upon. If I had trinkets and blankets at this post to reward Indians with for services it would be well. I, however, do not have the faith in Indian friendship that many have. It has been my exprience with them in the Northwest-Sacs and Foxes and Sioux-to have them of ear your power to make them true to you. Presents are very well to add to it. I am satisfied that an Indian only will be true, as a general thing, when they know you have the power to punish them, and in a quarrel like this between whites those who pay best can have their services. One of the chiefs of the Cocopahs, Captain Sun, their great fighting man, called to see me, and was very anxious to know if the Yumas were to go with the troops to the Mojave. They are bitter enemies of the Yumajs, and in any fight where the Yumas were engaged would take sides against them. They have not forgotten their old feud, although friendly now. I have already informed you that Yager cannot furnish hay at the points desiganted, but will furnish what he can at Cooke's Wells and the Alamo. His men are now cutting for Cooke's Wells and he will commence hauling Tuesday next. On 21st he will deliver certain ten tons at Cooke's, and has but little doubt but he can furnish the same amount at the Alamo. Of course it will be hay that the animals can eat. We have had a great deal of rain here, and if it had continued would have washed away our quarters. The river is very high and still rising. The oldest inhabitant has not, of course, ever seen a winter like it here. Those who have lived here for ten years say that more rain has fallen this winter than in any other year during their residence here. The flat below the fort has been covered with water a

