
great portion of the time. The trails and roads leading from the fort in every direction have been washed so that they are hard to recognize. I forwarded to you the description and price of Rhodes' cattle at Gila City; also a proposition from Yager. Fifty head of cattle for Yager left San Felipe on the 16th instant. Yager can furnish any number it he can have a reasonable notice. Whether Werninger is responsible or not, I am not able to say, but Yager can do it. He is the only man on this river that can furnish largely of cattle. Owning San Felipe, he has the facilities for getting them here which others have not, and his conveniences here for herding, corralling, &amp;c., are on a large scale. He is not disposed, either, to take advnatage of sudden wants, for instance, he was advised to hold his hay at $100, but said no, if the Government wanted it, seventy tons, they could have it at the old contract price. I also inclose a statement of subsistence on hand after issuing on Monday, the 20th, for the following ten days. The prisoners, political, are all safe. I have received a note from Captain Gorley, dated atSackett's Wells, on the 16th instant. He was getting along very well. I will send as directed the teams back that come in with him, but I would call the attention of the colonel to the fact that the force here is much larger than evern before, and that the quartermaster has but two teams to provide wood with. The wood has to be hauled some distance now on account of the rain, and it is impossible to get along with them. I have one hauling hay, and should have two. The wagon hauling hay to Gila City can only haul three loads of hay in a week. With more theams much more could be procured. I also send return of ordnance and ordnance stores issued and remaining on hand ending on the 31st day of December, since which time there have been 4,000 rounds of ball cartirdges issued to companies. From the return you will find that many articles are unserviceae used. I also inclose a requisition for ordnance stores (much needed here) for your information. The inclosed return is a copy of my return forwarded to the proper department on the 2nd day of January. If any useis intended to be made of these howitzers, it will be necessary to have my requisition filled. If you think you will require them, please forward the requisition. Lieutenant Nichols and Doctor Prentiss left here this morning for San Bernardino, with Docgor Dickey for guide. The doctor has lived in Tucson and knows that country well. He is a sound friend of the Government. I have letters on file here from General Sumner, in which his name is mentioned. He will go to Los Angeles to see you. As soon as he returns to San Bernardino I will have all the pack-saddles and harnes sput in good repair for you. I believe that I have now given you all the information that I have to communicate. Captain Gorley will arrive here on the 22d.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] ARIZONA COPPER MINES, January 9, 1862.

[Major EDWIN A. RIGG:]

MY DEAR SIR: Since I saw you I have been reliably informed by a gentleman whose veracity is indisputable, that Colonel Baylor, commanding the Southern troops at Mesilla, has appointed a resident of Tuscon receiver of confiscated property, and has written to the latter place that he will march for Western Arizona with 900 troops for the purpose of confiscating all property not belonging to citizens of the Southern Confederacy, as soon as General Sibley arrived at the Rio

