
Grande to his relief, which he anticipated in a few days after the date of his letter. My informant, whose name I am not at liberty to give, says that the citizens of Tucson are betting freely as to wehtehr the troops will or will not arrive. As for himself he has no doubt of their intentions to come, as he saw Baylor's letter and is acquainted with the appointed receiver. I can assure you that my informant is a man whose word is reliable, but as I am precariously situated you will please be kind enough to not connect my name with the foregoing information, nor even the locality from whence you receive it, as myself and employes are the only ones here that are posted. The bearer of this knows nothing about it, nor do I wish him to. I send some letters to your care which I hope you will mail by the first express, and if there is any mail for me please send it by this man. If you have any papers that you can spare, I will take it as a lasting favor if you will send me a few. My respects to Captain Calloway, Mr. Kippen, and Yager.

Most respectfully, yours,

FRANK P. CLYMER,

Superintendent.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

One thousand troops from Texas will arrive at Tucson in about two weeks.

HALSTEAD.

[Indorsement.]

The above slip was sent to Mr. Yager in a letter dated December 17, 1861, at Sonoita.

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major First Infantry California Volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 18, 1862.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: In answer to your communication of December 10, I am directed to authorize you toi modify the acceptance given Colonel Cornelius to include only four companies, should you deem the best interests of the service so require it. The Quartermaster-General, under present instructions, cannot pruchase any more horses, but those left by the First Cavalry can be used for this regiment should you see fit so to direct.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 18, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Since my communications of the 9th and 10th instant I have been forwarding troops and supplies to the southern district preparatory to the advance of Colonel Carleton's expedition. At this moment it is utterly impossible for troops or supplies to move into

