
them. I cannot entertain any proposition about supplies to be furnished upon the Tucson route, as you term it. None such are required there, nor are they likely to be that I am aware of, and being entirely in the confidence of Colonel Carleton and of the department commander you can accept this conclusion as definite. You can do nothing but follow out the instructions which you are already possessed of, and you would do well to revise them, and be assured that you fulfill them to the letter.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS STATE OF CALIFORNIA,

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Sacramento, January 23, 1862.

General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Pacific Department, U. S. Army, San Francisco:

GENERAL: The following communiation has this day been handed me by His Excellency the Governor for reply, viz:

OFFICE OF CHIEF OF CAVLARY, U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C., November 27, 1861.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF CALIFORNIA:

SIR: Brigadier-General Stoneman, chief of cavalry, directs me to request you to furnish to this office a report of all the cavalry forces raised and organized in your State, contianing the names of the field and staff officers of regiments, the number of rank and file, whether mounted, how armed and equipped andaccountered, where stationed, by what authority they were raised, what arrangements, if any, have been made for putting them in winter quarters, and any other information regarding them you may think of advantage. Below I had you a list of organization authorized by the War Department.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

One regiment and five companies cavalry, authority given to Colonel E. D. Baker.

You will please furnish me with the date required by the following interrogatories, viz: Whether mounted, how armed and equipped and acountered, where stationed, their condition as regards drill and discipline, what arrangements, if any, have been made for putting them it winter quarters, and any other information regarding them you may think of advantage.

And greatly oblige, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM C. KIBBE,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, January 23, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CALETON,

Commanding Southern District, Los Angeles, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that Fort Yuma is now an island. The river at this point commenced rising on the 20th instant, and at 1 o'clock this morning reached its highest point. The reise yesterday afternoon was so sudden that in three hours it rose from its already high stage nearly six feet, overflowing its banks and carrying everything before it. Colorado City is entirely washed away; Mr.

