
Hooper's dwelling house and Captain Johnson's are the only buildings left stanind on that side of the river. The rise was so sudden that Mr. Hinton, Mr. Hooper's partner, could only save a portion of their goods, and although I rendered him and others all the assistance in my power, very little was saved. It was impossible to send many men to their assistance. Two boats loads (twenty men) passed over safely. The boats not being able to return, I could send no more. The ferry-boat dared not venture out for fear of being carried away. The principal losers are Messrs. Hooper &amp; Hinton; store entirely washed away; the steam-boat-company's machine shop and store with contents washed away; Mr. Samuel Wells, store washed away, and but a small portion of his stock of goods saved; Mr. Gage's billiard and ten-pin alley entirely destroyed and entire contents lost. All of the dwellings on that side of the river are washed away, including Mr. Jones', four mile sup the Gila. A boy of his was taken from a tree near the house this morning, who had been there during the night. The whole country is submerged between here and Pilot Knob and impassable for anyting but boats. Mr. Yager made a narrow escape. The water came up to his house and corral, but did not damge of a serious nature. I felt greatly alarmed for the safety of the Government hay at that point (seventy tons). It, however, is all safe. The water submerged the post water-works. I, however, had all the amchinery taken out that was movable, and it will be in working order again in a week. At one time last night I was greatly alarmed for the safety of the quartermaster's and commissary store-houses, as well as the corral. I had all the commissary stores palced in safety, also the most important quartermaster's stores, inlcuding the hay in the corral. The men woirked bravely and deserve credit for it. We continued working until 1 o'clock this morning, when the water commenced falling; the water had then nearly reached the corral. If the water had continued to rise one hour longer as rap8idly as it had for the same length of time preceding I fear the abode store-houses would have been dstroyed. We will have no difficulty in getting a sufficient quasntity of water to supply the command. The reservoir was full at the time. We kept pumping until the water covered the mules' feet, and I fortunately had the water carts in good repair. We will have to economize on wood until the water recedes from the flat. We were fortunate in having the three teams brought by Captain Gorley here. Captain Gorley arrivee with his detachment on the afternoon of the 20th, having in charge seven prisoners under gneerla charges, and two political prisoners, Morgan and Hamilton. The road between here and Pilot Knob has been impassable for animals since the 21st instant. All communication between the fort and Yager's has beenw ith boats since that time. A large number of cattle have been drowned between here and the Lagoon mines, and all along the river to Gonzales'. Yager's wood wagon, twelve miles below, has been carried away, and his stock, or a large portion of it, drowned. He has, however, enough in his corral to meet any demands upon him, besides fifty head on the desert coming over, unless New River or Carriso Creek are impassable. I feel alarmed about sixteen men that were cutting hay eighteen miles from Gila City. It is scarcely possible that they could be cut off, but may want provisions, and none can be sent to them now. The Gila River extends as far as the sand-hills on the right and to the foot-hills on the left. It would be impossible to send provisions to them befor ethe river falls. They have enough to last them for a week yet, and by that time I hope to hear from them. I will send and Indian to-morrow morning to find them. I

