
my messengers I will at once forward to you an express with all the information I can collect. The three wagons which arrived with Captain Gorley's command I will send back as directed as soon as they can get over the road, which will be, in all probability, within a week.

Very respectfully,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,New San Pedro, Cal., January 24, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel E. E. EYRE,

First Cavalry California Vols., Commanding Camp Carleton:

I have your two communications of the 20th instant. Improved weather has probably changed the condition of affairs about Camp Carletoin for the better, at least I hope so. Major Ferguson will act according to the advice you have sent him. Colonel Carleton's return is looked for to-morrow, and I will submit your application for leave of absence to him. Should he not return as soon as expected I shall send you word. Have made out and sent to me as soon as possible after receipt of this an account in rations of the subsistence supplies at your post after the issues to the close of the present month. Also keep me advised of the facilities for procuring forage, pasturage, &amp;c.

Respectfully, &c.,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Comg.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,New San Pedro, Cal., January 24, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel E. E. EYRE,

First Cavalry California Volunteers,

Commanding Camp Carleton, San Bernardino, Cal.:

I have your letter of 22nd instant with reference to the scarcity of forage in your vicinity. Should not other recourse suggest itself to you in the meantime, on receipt of this you will break up Camp Carleton and move with your command to Camp Latham, taking wahtever road your experience of the country may indicate as most likely to afford forage en route. I understand that there is (or was) barley at Cocolisle. Nearer this way, at Rancho San Jose, it is possible a supply can be obtained. Pending your movmeent send Mr. Coleman or a trusty officer in advance to procure what you need and prevent any extoritionate prices being charged. You will not fail to remember other considerations on your march. Wood is indispensable, and the very wet condition of the country generally should remind you to select the road where transportation well be as easy as possible and good camps can be secured. Beef can be had anywhere, and on that score you should have no truble. You will have to load your train very light; perhaps it would be imprudent to load more than 1,000 pounds to the wagon. You can therefore dispose of your property as follows: Take with you only such articles of camp and garrison equipage, including tents, as are indispensable necessary. Store the balance safely and as enonomically as possible. Take all the subsistence with you that your train

