
can haul, irrespective of what you may expect to meet on the road, as you may find yourself hemmed in by water and be unable to reach Camp Latham. In the reduction of your subsistence supplies, as suggested below, be sure and keep fifteen days' rations at your command; that is, if you take five days' with you, leave ten days' in store at San Bernardino to be sent back for in case of necessity. Should you leave property of much value at San Bernardino, detach a strusty non-commissioned officer and leave him there in charge of it. If you have on hand more than the fifteen days' rations above specified, and still have an excess after relieving such distressed persons in your vicinity as you may deem worthy of it, you may dispose of the surplus, proivded cost and trnasortation can be obtained for it. otherwise sotre is as directed for other property. I have two-fold object in this. It may be desirable for the people of San Bernardino to have an opportunity of pruchasing provisions in their present strait, and to realize upon any surplus will at least sve the Government the risks and expenses incident to storage. Allow no sales or contracts involving expense to be made without your own sanction. I have given the foregoing instructions in entire ingnorance of either the amount of subsistence you have on hand or the means of trnapsortation at your command. Should they be impracticable you will take such steps for the safety of your men, the animals, and the property in your charge as your judgment may dictate. Apprise me without delay of what you propose and can do, and keep me constantly advised of your movements.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

P. S. -Resort to hired transportation if unavoidable, and it can be obtained.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,New San Pedro, January 26, 1862.

Major RICHARD C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose certified copies of the following documents: Numbers 1, letter from Major E. A. Rigg, commanding Fort Yuma, January 15, 1862; Numbers 2, letter from Lieutenant E. G. Taylor, report of trip to Fort Gaston; Numbers 3, letter from Captain George A. Johson, steamer Cocopah, to Major Rigg; Numbers 4, letter fro Juan Robinson [&amp; Co.] to acting assistant quartermaster, Fort Yuma; No 5, statement of jetsam by steamer Republic of Fort Yuma supplies; Numbers 6, copy of receipt for goods shipped on schooner Lolita; Numbers 7, letter from George Martin to F. Hinton; Numbers 8, letter from Peter Brady to L. J. F. Yager; Numbers 9, letter from Major E. A. Rigg, commanding Fort Yuma, January 19, 1862. The foregoing relate to supplies en route to Fort Yuma and to arrangements progressing under the direction of Colonel James H. Carleton. As that officer will be at department headquarters when the present reaches you, I have deemed it advisable that the full information should be furnished. Rumors that the rebels under Baylor have occupied Tucsom and propose to move westward are referred to in Major Rigg's letters. Pending Colonel Carleton's return and resumption of the command of this district, should Fort Yuma be

