
Judging from the number of the Indians and the manner in which they are armed, and the direction from which they came, I am satisfied that it is the same band that committed the outrage at Daley's Ferry a short time since. I have been informed that the band, after making the attack upon Daley's Ferry, went to the headqaters of Mad River, and I presume that they now are on their way back to the Redwoods. The Indians captured two revolvers - one six-shooter and one seven-shooter. Mr. Olmstead being a very heavy man, I found it necessary to detail three reliefs of four men each to carry him to the settlement. I could not, therefore, attempt to pursue the Indians, even had I the time to do so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. E. KETCHAM,

Captain, Third Infantry California Vols., Commanding Post.

Lieutenant JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Mil. Dist., Fort Humboldt, Cal.

Report of the operations of Company A, Third Infantry California Volunteers, Captain Thomas E. Ketcham, in the field, &amp;c., during the month of July, 1862.

FORT BAKER, CAL., August 1, 1862.

July 1, 1862, Captain Ketcham left the post with fifteen enlisted men on a scout against the Indians in the Redwoods, near Reed's ranch. Sergeant Jones with a detachment of nine men left the post the same day under orders to proceed to Kettenshaw and endeavor to call in or capture Las Sic and his band of Indians. July 4, Captain Ketcham having throroughly scouted in the neighborhood of the South Yager Creek, and down to the junction with the main Yager about two miles, when, finding Indian signs prpceeding up the creek, followed up the tracks for nearly two days, when, losing the trail and not being able to recover it, struck for Thousand-Acre Field, from thence to the post. July 5, Sergeant Jones with detachment of nine men returned to the post; did not succeed in finding any Indians. July 10, two citizens (Messers. Gray and Lyle) came to the post and stated that a party of four citizens who were on their way to Weaverville with a band of cattle had been attacked at their camp on the trail near the Upper Crossing of Mad River by Indians on the previous evening, and that one citizen had been killed (Mr. Lyons) and another badly wounded (Mr. Olmstead), the two others making their escape to the Yager Creek Settlement. I ordered a detail of twenty men to be made, and marched (accompanied by Messers. Gray and Lyle as guides) for the Upper Crossing of Mad River. Owing tot he dense fog upon the mountains we were forced to follow the trail all the way, by which we were detained upward of two hours. A short distance from the camp where the citizens had been attacked we met a number of citizens who had arrived before us, having Mr. Olmstead in charge. Mr. Olmstead had two bullets in his right thigh and was suffering severely. His friends not being able to convey him to a place of safety, twelve men of the detachment were detailed for that purpose. I then proceeded to the camping place of the citizens, and there saw the body of Mr. Lyons lying near to where the fire had been, one bullet through his chest, another through his face, his throat cut, his heart taken out, and his right hand burned off to the wrist. The body had been stripped by the Indians. Two

