
threatened seriously I shall take prompt measures to support it, as I deem it imporrant to hold it, in view of its having been made the depot for a large amount of supplies.

I am, major, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FORT YUMA, January 15, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding District Southern California, Los Angeles, Cal.:

COLONEL: I forward the express, as directed by you, upon receipt of intelligence of the barley which was shipped from San Francisco to the mouth of the Colorado River by way of Guaymas, The steamer cocopah, Captain George A. Johnson, left this port on the 26th of December to meet the vessel, and to-day I have received a letter from him infroming me of the arrival of the vessel, a ocpy* of which I inclose to you, from which you will find that the steamer Republic has met with an accident. I also inclose copy of letter+ received from Juan Robinson & Co., of Guaymas, directed to acting assistant quartermaster at this post, which will also explain what goods have been lost or thrown overboard, and what shipped to the mouth of the Colorado River on schooner Lolita; also copy of receipt++ for the cargo received on board of her, and the lay days the vessel will be entitled to without damage. The steamer can easily return in time to the mouth of the river if she arrives here on the 18th to get the cargo out of her within the lay days stipulated for. I also inclose the reports# of Lieutenant E. G. Taylor, whom I sent to Fort Gaston, as directed by you. John Costello went within him as guide. He knows the country well through to the Mojave, having been with Colonel Hoffman when he wen tthrough, and he is reliable, I think, at all times. Lieutenant Taylor's report will give you the result of his observations. I received a note from Keene, dated Mission Camp, January 10, 1862, in which he suggests that ten tons of hay should be cut and stacked at that point. Mission Camp is fifteen miles from Gila City. He says it would be well or advisable to cut eight or ten tons of hay to be left at this point. There is plenty of it close at hand. It will make the drive more evenly divided from Gila City to Antelope Peak than grazing the animals at Pond Hill, which is some three miles and a half below. I have ordered it to be done. The hay you wished cut and ahuled to Gila City will be cut at that point. I also inclose for your information copy of a letter// received here by mr. Hinton, from a gentleman in Sonora; also one\\ received by mr. Yager, from another gentleman in Sonora, upon the same subject, the truth of which could easily be ascertained if I were authroized to send a p Mr. Yager will commence cutting the hay for Cooke's Wells to-morrow, and will haul it there by the 10th of February. Some one will have to be sent there to receive it and watch it, or it willb e used up by travelers. If I am to send any one there, will the colonel please authorize me to employ some one for that purpose, or will some one be sent there from the other side? Mr. Yager has just come in, and he desires me to say that the will put some hay at the Alamo, but how much he cannot yet tell. He also desires me to say that he will have beef enough here for any demand, and can also furnish any given qauantity on foot at the price named in my last-$30 per head, weighing from 300 to 500 pounds.

---------------

*See inclosure Numbers 3.

+See inclosure Numbers 4.

++See inclosure Numbers 6.

#See inclosure Numbers 2.

//See inclosure Numbers 7.

\\See inclosure Numbers 8.

---------------

