
would require considerable labor to repair. The limited time prevents a more explicit account of the route.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. G. TAYLOR,

Second Lieutenant, First Infantry California Volunteers.

RECAPITULATION.

Left Fort Yuma January 10, 1862, at 9 a. m. Arrived at the lagoon at 10 a. m. of the same day; arrived at the first tank 1 p. m. January 10; at the second tank at 3 p. m; the Colorado River at 5 p. m; camped for the night. Started at 7 a. m. the next morning; reached the first grass at 8. 30 a. m. ; Hoffman's or Grass Camp, at 11. 30 a. m. ; Fort Gaston, at 1. 30 p. m. Returning, left Fort Gaston 2. 30 p. m. Camped that night at the first grass on the Colorado. Arrived at Fort Yuma at 6 p. m. January 15, 1862.

E. G. TAYLOR,

Second, First Infantry California Volunteers.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] STEMAER COCOPAH, January 13, 1862-9 a. m.

[Major EDWIN A. RIGG,

First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanidng Post:]

DEAR RIGG: Agreeable to promise I send an Indian with the news of the arrival of the vessel. The Republic met with a severe gale of wind from southeast off Monterey and threw overboard her deck load, a list of which I send, and in consequence of the gale got short of coal, making a long passage. The vessel that arrived to-day has 1,000 sacks of barley, 300 sacks of flour. The balance of the Republic's fright, as per bill of lading, is in two small vessels, and may be looked for to-morrow, as the captain of this vessel says they would leave the next day after him. The Panama is due in Guaymas on the 15th, and will be in the river about the 18th. On the arrival of the vessels contianing the balance of the freight, guns, &amp;c., I will leave for Fort YTuma, which will bring me there about the 18th, unless something beyond present knowledge turns. I send letter and message to acting assistant quartermaster. All well.

Yours, truly,

GEO. A JOHNSON.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.] GUAYMAS, January 2, 1862.

ACTING ASSISTANT QUARTEMASTER,

Fort Yuma:

DEAR SIR: On board the Mexican schooner Lolita I have shipped to your order, as per captain's receipt inclosed, 1,423 barley, &c., sent by the Department of the Pacific by steamer Republic to this port, with orders to forward the same by first conveyance. There still remains behind about fity tons more of Government goods arrived by same steamer, which will be sent per first vessel that can be freighted. There are no vessels now in port. Please have some person on the lookout at the mouth of river, that the vessel sent afterward may not be detained.

I am, dear sir, your obedient servant,

JUAN ROBINSON & CO.

Please find inclosed note* of goods thrown overboard by the Republic in gale off San Francisco, and included in general average.

---------------

*See inclosure Numbers 5.

---------------

