
[Inclosure Numbers 5.] GUAYMAS, December 27, 1861.

Statement of jetsam Republic of goods destined for Fort Yuma:

A. C. S., 34 sacks of barley; A. C. S., 1 barrel rice; A. C. S., 1 barrle powder; A. C. S., 3 wheels of gun arriages; A. C. S., 2 boxes sponges,

&amp;c. ; 1 box merchandise; A. C. S., 56 boxes ammunition.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.] GUAYMAS, December 27, 1861.

Received on board the Mexican schooner Lolita from on board the American steamer Republic from San Francisco, 1,423 packages, as per statement at foot, to be taken to the mouth of the Colorado River, and there to be delivered alongise of the vessel within ten days after her arrival, and $25 to be paid to the captain for each and every day that the vessel is detained beyond the ten days by the consignee, the cargo being consigned to the assistant quartermaster of Fort Yuma or his agent, for account and by order of Messrs. G. A. Johnson & Co., of San Francisco.

A. C. S., 1,004 bags barley; A. C. S., 337 bags flour; A. C. S., 45 bags beans; A. C. S., 10 bags hominy; A. C. S., 19 bags coffee; A. C. S., 8 bags salt; 1,423 bags.

Signed in triplicate.

G. BROWN.

[Inclosure Numbers 7.] QUITOLAQUITO, January 9, 1862.

Mr. F. HINTON:

DEAR SIR: I have delayed this long in writing to you, as I have nothing reliable to communicate. Your letter to Mr. Warner I hae not forwarded to him, as I was afraid it might fall into wrong hands. Most of the Americans that pass this way are inf avor of the South. It is reported amongst the Mexicans, and I hae every reason to believe with truth, that there are now in Tucson over 1,000 Southern troops. They have sent in orders to Sonora for 300 cargoes of flour, to be delivered at Tucsom. Mr. Rathbourne came from there to Snoita about four days ago, and as I am told states that Tucson is taken possession of by troops in the name of the Soutehrn States. If I receive any information that I can rely on I will let you know at once. You will oblige me by asking Mr. Mean to look at the machinery belonging to the copper mines that lie outside of your store, and let me know what kind of condition it is in, what it is worth, and if if could be made available as a horse-power to work a small flour-mill. Tell him he will confer a great favor by letting me have the above information as soon as possible. Inclosed you will find your letter to Warner. Clint. Thompson will be in at the river in a few days. He wants to get into California to bring out his farther. He is very anxious to know if there is any danger of his being stopped at the fort. If you think there is please let me know. I explained your business to him as well as I could. He regrets very much that any mistake should have occurred in the matter. He says that he will pay the amount you demand, and would pay four times as much, if you require it, rather than forfeit your good opinion. We are getting along here very well so far. I would like very much that you would write to me and let me know the news on

