
the river. If Guadalupe Orosco should go to you to buy wine please le thim have the best. I sent word to him to get some of rhis wife; she is very sick.

Respectfully, yours,

GEORGE MARTIN.

[Inclosure Numbers 8.] ALTAR, January 1, 1862.

L. J. F. YAGER,

Colorado Ferry, Cal.:

DEAR YAGER: There is a report here that 1,000 Confederate troops (Texans) are on their way from Mesilla and occupy Arizona. I believe their eis some truth in the rumor, for the new superintendent of the Poston mine, Major Lally, has not mad ehis appearance, but is in the Magadalena, waiting to see the turn events may take. Mr. Platine Robinson, of Tucson, posted up his notices at Arivaca and at Tubac, declaring the property of Colonel Colt confiscated in Arizona, and he as a loyal citizen of the Sunny South should proceed to take possession of it. Van Alstein, Colonel Colt's agent at Arivaca, aobjected. Pistols were drawn; the usual compliments, 'sons of b---s; d---d sons of b---s," were interchanged, and the parites separated without blood-shed. Van Alstein started off for Magdalena to see Major Lally, who it is reported is waiting there to see the turn that events will take. If there are 1,000 Txans in Arizona tehyw ill certainly confiscate Colt's mines beyond a doubt, but I dont's see how any of the Tucson gents will be able to work it, for they have no means whatsoever. It will be a serious drawback to the country if Colonel Colt's agents will not be allowed to work the mines, for the other party will do nothing, I am very certain.

Your friend,

PETER BRADY.

[Inclosure Numbers 9.] HEADQUARTERS, Fort yuma, January 12, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding California Volunteers, Los Angeles, Cal.:

COLONEL: This afternoon an Indian cam eup from the mouth with letters from Captain Johnson. Nothing has been seen of the vessel with barley and guns that was shipped by way of Guaymas. The rumor or news brought by the other Indian that the vessel was in sight is not true. I send you this by the escort who came with Doctor Prentiss, which returns to San Bernardino by another road than the one by Carriso Creek, and which will return to that point in five days. Doctor Prentiss has not brought the approved copies of charges, and the court is waiting for them. Some delay has occurred in getting a vessel at Guaymas, or some other accident to detain her; she should have been in before now. It is now time that news should be had of the steamer which was to leave San Francisco on the 1st instant. I have written to you in full detail by an express which left here this morning in reference to arrangmeents made by Keene for supplying hay, as well as propositions from Yager.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG.

