
[Inclosure Numbers 10.] HEADQUARTERS, Fort Yuma, January 19, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding California Volunteers, Los Angeles, Cal.:

COLONEL: I received your communication dated January 8 last evening, and take advantage of Lieutenant Nichols and Doctor Pretiss, First Cavalry, to write to you. I have forwarded to you by express which should have reached Los Angeles on the 10th particulars about cattle and hay. I have also forwarded to you by express on the 16th important news received here from Tucsom. I will also forward to you by to-morrow's express additional information received confirming the other. There is now no doubt about Baylor being at Tucsom with 1,000 men, and that Robinson, of that place, has issued a proclamation declaring all property cofniscated which does not belong to unqualified Soutehrn men, including the Arizona Mining Company, Colonel Colt's, and all others. Major Lally is at Magdalena waiting to see what turn events will take before going to the mine. I have now fears that the hay being cut from Gila to Santwix will be destroyed. Some thirty tons at Grinnel's will be sure to fall into their hands. They cannot help but know of hay being put on that road. Ammi White, of the Pima Villages, from his well-known loyal sentiments will be certain to have his wheat confiscated unless he can be rpotected by troops. I wills end you copies by the regular express which leaves to-morrow morning of the information I have received, but the truth of the troops going does not admit of a doubt, my informant says. I have been reliably informed by a gentleman whose veracity is indisputable that Colonel Baylor, commanding the Southern troops at Mesilla, has appointed a resident of Tucsom reciever of confiscated property, and has written to the latter place that he will march for Western Arizona with 900 men (troops) for the purpose of confiscating all property not belonging to citizens of the Southern Confederacy, as soon as General Sibley arrived at the Rio Grande to his relief, which he anticipated in a few days after the date of his letter. He saw Baylor's letter and is acquainted with the appointee. He saw Baylor's letter and is aquainted with the appointee. I send you this by way of San Bernardino, so that in case of accident you would be certain to receive the information.

Very respectfully,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

FORT BLISS, January 26, 1862.

Honorable JOHN H. REAGAN:

DEAR SIR: I know you feel a deep interest in whatever concerns Texas, hence I trouble you with a short note. The mail after this will no doubt carry to Richmond the dispatch of General H. H. Sibley in relation to my mission to the Governor of Chihuahua. My mission was entirely successful. There is no doubt but that there had been some understanding about marching troops through Chihuahua from California. It will not now be permitted. This command now leaves no enemy on its flank. General Sibley has the honor through me of having obtained the first official recognition of the Confederate States of America by any foreign power. I was received, accredited, and treated with as a colonel in the Army of the Confederate States of

