
America. Uniformed as such, and wearing my sword, I was received by the Governor at all our official interviews. As such he wrote me, and as Brigadier General H. H. Sibley of the Army of the Confederate States of America was his communication addressed, and as such was I accredited to General Sibley. So you see we are fully recognized. General Sibley has ordered me to Sonora upon a similar mission. I find my former occupation comes back very readily. We have many warm and ifluential friends in Chihuahua. It is a rich and glorious neighbor, and would improve by being under the Confederate flag. There are no such mines in the world as are within sight of Chihuahua City, but not developed for want of a stable government. I lave in the morning to join my regiment, now at Fort Thorn. The campaign I view is over. There will be little or no fighting. We must have Chihuahua and Sonora. I will write you my progrss at Sonora. I made the trip of (going and coming) 600 miles to Chihuahua through the Apache country with only an escort of six Mexicans, and fintions in twenty-one days. Don't you think this does quite well? With Sonora and Chihuahua we gain Southern California, and by a railroad to Guaymas render our State of Texas the great highway of nations. You are at liberty to lay this note, if you see fit, before President Davis. He may not recollect me, but once knew me as aide-de-camp and partner to our lamented friend General Rusk. I trust the news of the revlution in New Mexico is true. The Spanish invasion, I found, had united all parties in Mexico. The Mexicans abhor the Spaniards.

With great respect, yours,

JAMES REILY,

Colonel First Battalion, Sibley's Brigade, Army of New Mexico.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,New San Pedro, Cal., January 27, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

The three companies of the Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel George S. Evans commanding, and five companies of the Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Marcus D. Dobbins commanding, are encamped within a quarter of a mile of town at Camp Drum. Since their arrival from San Franciso it has been found impossible to move them into the interior. The weather has been good for the past five days and continues so, but the roads to Camp Latham and Los Angels are as yet scarcely mor ethan pasable for wagons without any loads whatever. In connection with the movement of Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre, First Cavalry, to Camp Latham, it would be injudicious to send the troops from hre to that point, as during very bad weather fuel cannot be furnished there in the required quantity. Here the troops are now well supplied with everything but wood (unless when that is sent from San Francisco), as none can be brought in from the country on acount of the condition of the roads. Efforts to bring wood from Catalina Island have proved abortive also, and although the prospect of obtaining a supply thence and from the country back of the place is improving, no dependence can be placed upon the continuance of good weather. For nearly a whole week it was impossible to send an empty wagon one mile from camp, much less to bring in any loaded teams. At same time communication by water entirely cut off. I am therefore

