
constrained to request that an estimate for wood, forwarded by this steamer to the deputy quartermaster-general, be shipped without delay. Every possible economy is being used to make the supply of fuel last as long as practicable. I have the satisfaction to state that Camp Drum is located on a dry sandy ridge, and that the troops are mainly in good helath and comparatively comforatable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,New San Pedro, January 27, 1862.

Major RICHARD C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

MAJOR: In connection with the state of affairs at Fort Yuma and the rumored advance of the enemy to the western part of Arizona, I would respectfully recommend that a detachment of twenty artillery-men and a subaltern (part of the battery company to be sent this way) be ordered here by the return trip of the Senator, so that they can be pushed forward promptly to Fort Yuma in case of any thratened attack. The services of such a detachment would be oif great value at that post. The volunteers there, officers and men, can scarcely be expected to be proficient as artillerists. In serving the heavy pieces and in the preparation of ammunition it would be desirable to have the services of mor experience soldiers.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, January 28, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I inclose a letter to me of the 23rd ultimo from Oroville, Butte County, Cal., upon the subject of a military organization in that quarter for the purpose of aiding the insurgents. The expediency of measures for counteracting such proceedings, and in particular of suspending the writ of habeas corpus, is submitted for your consideration.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.] OROVILLE, BUTTE COUNTY, CAL., December 23, 1861.

W. H. SEWARD:

SIR: As a loyal citizen it is my duty to inform you that there is a company called the Home Gurads, numbering 200 men, well armed, organized in this town for a false purpose, giving parties and raising money from the loyal citizens, as they say, to equip the company, when I reality it is for the purpose of getting funds to start to the South about the middle of February or beginning of March. Having been a member of said company and learning their intentions, I conceive it my duty to inform you of the event, and place the necessary

