
stop to it at once. You can refer to the postmaster of this place, who wel knows these facts. It is their intention of going by the Calhoun Pass. they have got agents out in the different counties raising men. It is their intention of equipping 2,500 men, and the manner they have taken to get funds they will have ample means to accomplish their base purpose, unless put a stop to at once by the strong arm of Government. Your course in this unholy war meets the approbation of loyal citizens, and it is their wish for Government to go on in the good work until not a slave is left without freedom, as it has been the cause of this rebellion, and since the cause is known remove it; do not suffer it to drag. I think the appointment of Doctor Buffman postmaster, Magalia, Butte County, that the department was misinformed; he is expecting to go as surgeon in the regiments now raising, who are expected to start 22nd of February or beginning of March to "Dixie. " If ever the strong arm of Government was needed it is now in putting down this organization of Southern sympathizers. In the present attitude of England and the want of arms on this coast, to let this company get off it will be ruinous to the State. I refer you also to D. W. Cheesman, of San Francisco, also Doctor Green, of this place, Judge Barker, &amp;c.

Respectfully, yours,

WILLIAM DANFORD.

N. B. -Since the arrest of Dan Showalter and party they intend striking for the Arkansas line or Missouri.

W. D.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, January 28, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

From the latest and most reliable information, I am more strongly than ever impressed with the importance of an early and prompt occupation of Guaymas.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,New San Pedro, January 28, 1862.

Major RICHARD C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: Referring to my communication of the 26th instant, I now have to inclose certified copies of further advices received this morning from Major E. A. Rigg, First Infantry California Volunteers, commanding Fort Yuma. * You will observe that the intelligence of Baylor's advance comes through four distrinct individuals. Two of these persons, Brady and Clymer, I have a slight personal acquaintance with, and believe their statements entitled to credit, as far as their personal kowledge extends. Baylor was expected at Tucson about January 1, and I consider the prohabities of his moving against Fort Yuma sufficient to induce me to take steps for its support. The troops that I propose to move in that direction form part of Colonel Carleton's expedition and will only be thrown forward so much the sooner. I send an express to

---------------

*See Rigg to Carleton, January 17, p. 808.

---------------

