
San Diego to-night, ordering Company E, First Infantry California Volunteers, to march without delay to Warner's ranch. I shall go in person to Camp Wright (starting to-morrow) with the intention of preparing the two companies of infantry there for moivng over the desert to Fort Yuma in connection with Company E. On reaching Camp Wright I shall be governed by circumstances, and eigher push an at once to Fort Yuma or await orders from Colonel Carleton, who I expect will return to this district very shortly. The orders requiring me to remain at this place during my command of this district were dicated by entirely different circumstances from those existing at present, and in deviating from my particular instructions I consider that I am acting for the best intersts of the service. I leave the duties assigned to me (providing for the troops arrived and arriving from above, and organizing a train for the field) in the hands of Captain Tredwell Moore, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army.

Trusting that my assumption of responsibility will be favorably received by the general commanding the department, I am, major, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

HEADQUARTRS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,

New San Pedro, Cal., January 28, 1862.

Captain THOMAS L. ROBERTS,

Commanding Co. E, First Infty. California Vols., San Diego, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: Move with your company as soon as practicable, after receipt of this order, either to Warner's ranch or to Temecula, as the condition of the roads promises best. Take with you ten days' rations; use the San Diego post teams, putting eight mules toa wagon. Take with you only two wagons. Leave all your surplus company property at San Diego for future disposition. Resort to hired trnasportaiton if necessary if the post teams are unfit for service. on reaching Warner's ranch or Temecula report in writing to Major David Fergusson, First Cavalry California Volunteers, commanding Camp Wright, for instructions.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., January 28, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

GENERAL: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 30, of the Department of the Pacific, respecting the military resources of the counties in the vicinity of posts remote from headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report: I hae made careful investigation oif the present and future ability of this portion of the country to furnish such supplies as are needed at this post, both in the subsistence and quartermaster's departments, and find that there are no supplies on hand by any of the farmers or dealers in this section of the country. All of the grain that was grown last year is now or will be by spring consumed. Flour is worthy now $20 per barrel; oats from 6 to 7 cents, and very scarce; hay none on hand; barley not to be had; bacon 30 cents per pound, none on hand, and very little being made; lard equally scarce;

