
horses were also lying near, having been killed at the same time. The camp was situated on the west bank of Mad River, about one-quarter of a mile from the river, on an open space nearly surrounded by small bushes. About fifty yards to the south there is a small gulch running down to the river. The Indians, it is said to the number of about forty, crossed from the Fort Lyon District, came up the gulch, and being concealed by the brush growing upon its banks, fired upon the citizens while they were preparing supper, killing and wounding as before stated. Five of the Indians pursued Mr. Olmstead, who succeeded in making his escape after killing one of the Indians with his revolver. The Indians then recrossed the river, taking the Weaverville trail to the top of the mountain, and from thence struck off toward the head of Grouse Creek.

July 11, Corporal McHirron, with the detachment detailed to carry Mr. Olmstead to Yager Creek Settlement, returned to the post. July 15, Sergeant Jones with detachment of fourteen men, the guide and interpreter and two Indian runners, left the post under orders to march to the South Fork of Eel River; from thence to Fort Seward; from thence to Kettenshaw, and from thence back to the post, and to capture and call in as many Indians as possible, and to endeavor to surprise Say-Winne's band and punish them severely. July 24, Sergeant Jones with detachment, &amp;c., returned to the post, having succeeded in capturing and calling in 112 Indiands (36 grown males, 50 squaws, and 16 children). Between the 20th and 31st days of July there were 44 Indians (amongst them the chief Las-Sic) brought to the post by citizens. There are now at the post 55 warriors, 68 squaws, and 65 children. Lieutenant J. F. Staples, with nineteen enlisted men of my company, has been stationed at the Eel River house (in the district of Captain D. B. Akey, Second Cavalry California Volunteers) since June 28, 1862. I have had no report from him for the month of July. In connection with the attack upon the citizens at the Upper Crossing of Mad River, I would respectfully state that there are two bands of very hostile Indians with striking distance of Fort Baker. One ranging in the Redwoods, near Reed's ranch, and south to Eel River; another ranging in the mountains and gulches on the east side of Mad River, between Fort Lyon and the Eel River and Weaverville trail. Owing to the nature of the country, and the fact of their being constantly upon the alert, it is almost impossible for one body of soldiers to succeed in getting near enough to attack them. To capture or destroy these Indians it will be found necessary that four detachments (of fifteen or twenty men each) should be put in motion against them at about the same time. Whilst two parties are driving them, the other two parties would be so placed as to intercept their retreat. The points to be occupied will very readuly suggest themselves to an officer acquainted with the country. To carry out this plan with success it will be necessary (if the exigencies of the service will permit) that the officer in command of Fort Baker should have control of at least one company, and authority to order the troops at Fort Lyon to co-operate with the troops from Fort Baker when necessary, and to provide guides when needed for cach detachment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. E. KETCHAM,

Captain, Third Infantry California Vols., Commanding Fort Baker.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.

