
beef 15 cents per pound, and none in the country fit to eat; beans none to be had at any price; potatoes $1 per bushel, and difficult to obtain, very few in the country; wood $30 per cord. I deem it unnecessary to run through the list of articles consumed in the commissary and quartermaster's departments, as the Government cannot rely upon this country for its supplies at this post. The hay and grain used in the quartermaster's department can be contracted for for another year at fair prices. The large amount of snow that has fallen this winter and is now lying upon the ground will doubtless make the coming season quite productivje. All articles coming under the head of groceries can be sent here much cheaper than they can be purchased. My commissary purchased a little coffee a few days since at 37 cents per pound. We shall need supplies in both departments by the 1sg oequisitions have been made on the several departments for supplies, and will probably reach here as soon as navigation opens. The unprecedented severity of the winter and the influx of strangers has destroyed and consumed nearly everything in the country. Nearly all the cattle have or will die before spring. Many men who had at the beginning of winter from 300 to 400 head have, not now over fifty or sixty living. fresh meat must be very scarce here in spring. The beef consumed by the garrison at this time would not be eazten by the poorer class of San Francisco. It must be worse in a month from this time, and I doubt very much if it can be had at all.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

H. LEE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, January 29, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith is a copy of a telegraphic dispatch which I had the honor to transmit to you yesterday. * Also, copy of extract from a letter from Mr. Thomas Robinson, a resident of Guaymas, Sonora. This extract was presented to me by mr. Flitn, of this city, a gentleman of standing and reliability connected with the steamship line between this place and Guaymas. From the best information in my possession at this moment, I am disposed to believe that the views taken by Mr. Robinson as to the intended movmeents of the rebel forces are in the main correct. The large force I am assembling in the southern portion of this State, preparatory to an advance from Fort Yuma, will doubltess cause the rebel leadesr to delfect from their line of operations and, if possible, gain the port of Guaymas. To frustrate all such attempts, I deem it of the first importance that a strong force should be thrown into that city, aided by the presence of a few ships of war. I propose to open a correspondence with the Governor of Sonora on this subject, and I am assured by the best authority that our temporary occupation of Guaymas, or any portion of the Stae, to protect it from the inroads of the rebels, would be cheefully acquisced in by the authorities and people of that country. The storm has somewhat abated for a few days past. To-day it is raining again, and the roads are not in a condition to advance my expeditionary forces to Fort Yuma. However, it is only a question of time. We will be successful. I have no special news from the District of Oregon. All was quiet from that

---------------

*See p. 828.

---------------

