
quarter when last heard from. The winter has been unusually severe, and the navigation of the Columbia River entirely obstructed by ice. The Legislature of California is now in session in this city, compelled to abandon Sacramento temporarily.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

Copy of letter from Thomas Robinson, esq.

* * * Immediately on the receipt of this please call upon General Wright and state to him in my name that by express received by me to-day from Arizona, and from a most reliable source, I have the following statement:

The Southern troops under Colonel Baylor, military governor, are expected at Tucson within ten days, numbering 900 men. it is said they will immediately make a strong and continued campaign on the Apaches. Reports say (which I fear is very probable) they march into Sonora. In the menawhile their headquarters will be at Calabasa, on the line. Agents to purchase flour, corn, &amp;c., are actually in the Territory, under escort. Contracts for hay have already been given out. Brigadier-General Sibley, C. S. Army, with 3,000 men, takes command in Arizona and New Mexico, and will immediately attack the U. S. forces in New Mexico. The Southern soldiers are full of fight. Only the other day 100 crossed the Jornado del Muerto, drove in the pickets of the U. S. forces, and made forty prisoners.

These same reports were afloat here three days since, when I arrived, and to-day they are confirmed. There is no doubt in my mind as to the desires and intentions of these Southern forces. What the devil do they care for Arizona without 100 souls in it, and nothing worth having there? They wish to march into Sonora, as is intimated from many sources, and take quiet possession, for we are not at present in condition to resist, having just passed through a very sore trial, although with success. If they once get possession of this State and its posts the North may just as well give up the complete line through from the Gulf of Mexico to Gulf of California, and it will require a superior effort then to rout them. This is no newspaper talk, but something certain, and the only way to avoid a most serious and difficult position is for the United States Government to send without a moment's delay the necessary forces to act. Let me request of you to urge upon General Wright the necessity of this step. Let 1,000 men properly equipped be sent imediatley to Guaymas, officered by gentlemen of prudence and judgment, and I will see that they get through immediately to Arizona. The Government and people willb e too happy to see such a friend coming to their rescue. If necessary let the general telegraph to washington for the necessary powers, but he must act promptly, and I will guarantee his full success, and by adopting these measures he will have acquired a victory which will be more than galling to the South. * * * I will take the contract for transporting troops and equipments to Arizona and furnishing everyghing necessary. You are a ware the Congress of Mexico has given a cordial permit for transit of troops through Sonora, and our State will be pleased to forward the views of the United States Government or its representatives. You can assure General Wright that all my influence and that of my friends will be used in favor of his forces.

* * * *

Yours, sincerely,

THOS. ROBINSON.

