
be sufficient. Supply Lieutenant Hammond's requisition for subistence and forage as soon as possible, taking every possible advnatage of the state of the roads. The First Cavalry are not likely to come here, so that the consumption of barley will be no larger than at present. Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre writes that he has a temporary supply.

Yours, very truly,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

[Inclosure.] SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 3. Los Angeles, Cal., January 29, 1862.

I. Lieutenant Colonel Marcus D. Dobbins, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, with the five companies of his regiment now at New San Pedro, Cal., will march for Camp Latham, near Los Angeles, Cal., on Sturday, the 1st proximo.

II. The assistant quartermaster U. S. Army on duty at New San Pedro will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel West:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., January 29, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel M. D. DOBBINS,

Fifth Infantry California Vols., Commanding Infantry, Camp Drum:

COLONEL: I inclose herewith the order for your movement. * Make as early a start on Saturday monring after sunrise as possible. Wagon-master Roundtree will show you the road. Encamp at Tomlinson's at the close of the first day's march, where you can procure a supply of wood. Give him a receipt for the qunatity used, and tell him to present his bill to Captain Moore for payment. Keep your train well up with your command, so that your men can render assistance in case of the wagons miring. Move early the second day and observe the same directions as to the train. Locate your camp on the opposite side of the creek from Camp Latham. Lieutenant Hammond, regimental quartermaster First Infantry California Volunteers, will desigante the spot that has been selected. The tent centers are already staked out. Maintain your camp entirely distinct from the troops now at Camp Latham, and confine your authority to your own detachment. You will, however, procure your bread from the post bakery on the terms upon which it is already conducted; also send your sick to the Camp Latham hospital department. In all other respects the two commands must be kept as distinct as possible. Draw five days' rations before you leave Camp Drum, taking hard bread in full for that time. The supplies needed by your command at its new camp will be furnished by Lieutenant Hammond on the proper requisitions. Captain Moore, assistant quartermaster, will furnish you two six-mule teams for camp purposes.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

53 R R-VOL L, PT I

