
could, with a party of fifteen men accustomed to Indian matters, exterminate all the Indians in that vicinity in a few days. You will therefore readily perceive that the stories of Indian depredations in this vicinity are all bosh, and, as I before infomred you, I really believe if the Indians were properly treated by the white men they would not in scarcely any instance trouble them. There seems to be a number of men in this vicinity who desire to make an impression on the Government by false reports, &amp;c., that the Indians should be immediately and severely punished. I believe they are governed by no other motive than a desire to get employment as guides, packers, and business for their horses, mules, &c. To accomplish this object they are ready to and do commit dastardly acts to exasperate the Indians to retaliate, if possible. For instance, here is a sample: While this party of Hamilton and Smith's were on the trip above mentioned, they failed to even get sight of an Indian at or in the vicinity of Shelter Cove, except one old squaw leading two children, when one of the party named Steve Shanon leveled his rifle and shot her dead while she was trying to get away from them. This same Shannon last summer, while acting as guide for Lieutenant Martin, former commander of this post, on an expedition to drive in Indians to the reservation, took a child from a squaw prisoner who happened to be a little to the rear of the party, tied it to a tree, and shot it. Lieutenant Martinw as so incensed when he heard of it that he would have hung Shannon if he could. Such are a sample of the acts that produce Indian depredations, and such are the men who are anxious to be employed by the Government. We have no power, either civil or military, to successfully prevent or punish these acts of w hite men, yet we are constantly importuned to punish Indians. I have thus elaborately explained to the commanding colonel the correct position of affairs in this vicinity. I deem it myinasmuch as you informed me that you intended to operate against the Indians the coming summer. I shall endeavor to keep you informed of all matters pertaining to Indian and military affairs in this vicinity. I trust this action will meet your approval and such consideration as the exigencies of the case require.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MOORE,

Captain, Third Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 30, 1862.

Captain WILLIAM H. GARDNER, U. S. Navy,

Commanding at Mare Island Navy-Yard, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: From a conversation I have had with Major Leonard, who lately visited the navy-yard, I am under the impression that the detachment of soldiers stationed there are of very little, if any real, service to you. I regret that I have not at this moment an officer to spare to send up to take charge of them. If you do not deem their presence essential at this time, I shall be very glad to return these men to their companies, where they could be brought under strict discipline. In case of emergency it would take but a few hours to send troops to Mare Island either from this point or Benicia.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, captain, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

