
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., January 31, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

SIR: By direction of the Secretary of War I inclose herewith a copy of communication received through the Secretary of State,* and request that you will transmit the same to the commanding general in California, with instructions to act in the premises as the public safety may require.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Farncisco, January 31, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have but little to add to the information I have already communicated to you as to the state of affairs in this country. The weather has moderated, and there is a fair prospect that in t he course of two or three weeks the roads through the interior will be passable for troops and supplies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 31, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

First Regiment Infty. California Vols., San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: My proposition to the General-in-Chief to organize an exepdition under your command, to consist of yoru own regiment, the First Cavalry Regiment, and a light battery, to move from the southeastern frontier of this State, was immediately approved at headquarters. The objects of the expedition you are fully aware of-the recapture of all our forts in Arizona and New Mexico, driving the rebel forces out of that country or capturing them, and opening the southern mail route. Every exertion has been and is still being made to provide your command with everything necessary to insure success, and had it not been for the unprecedented continuance of the rain, which made it impossible for the troops or wagons to move, and advance could have been made before this time. The light artillery battery, Company A, Third Artillery, commanded by First Lieutenant Shinn, is now at the Presidio, and will be sent to you as soon as the roads are passable. Four companies of the cavalry and seven companies of the Fifth Infantry have already been sent to your districxt. The remainder of the Fifth will ber sent down soon. I desire that you dispose of these troops in the manner you may deem best calculated to preserve the peace and quiet of the district. When you finally advance, the command of the District of Southern California will be devolved on Colonel

---------------

*See Seward to Stanton, January 28, with inclosure, p. 827.

---------------

