
Bowie, or the senior officer then present. I do not consider it necessary to be more minute in regard to the object to be a ccomplished or the mode of effecting it; with the first you are well acquainted, and as for the second, I take great pleasure in assuring you that I confide everything to your well-known skill, zela, and gallantry. I shall take occasion to write to you again before you commence your march, and give you all the information possible.

Wishing you success, I am, colonel, yours, most truly,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NEW SAN DIEGO BARRACKS,January 31, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WEST,

First California Volunteer Infantry, San Pedro:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your order and accompany letter of the 28th. It is utterly impoissible for me to move with wagons, owing to the state of the roads, and from all the information I can obtain the roads will not be passable for one or perhaps two months. I send a party this morning to prospect a trail to Warner's ranch, and if it is possible (and that means something) I will start with a pack train, leaving my entire company property behind, taking blankets and great-coats and nothing more which men will have to pack. There is no other way for me to get out from this post. I can go a more direct trail and much shorter to Fort Yuma, but a syour order resitricts me to Temecula or Camp Wright I will endeavor to make the latter, and if I do make it it will be without baggage and in all probability without tents. I can be ready to leave here Monday Morning if my propsecting party returns in time. I had made up my mind to try the trip blind, but upon further consideration concluded to ascertain the condition of the trail, as the roads are impracticable, even for pack-mules. I will be complelled to leave a number of men behind that are unable to undertake the trip. I think if the trail is passable I can make Warner's ranch in two and a half days. Some places my men will have to swim for it, I expect. If you think it is not expedient for me to take the course I have laid out you will have time to countermand the orders.

Hoping that my actions will meet with your approval, I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

THOS L. ROBERTS,

Captain Company E, First California Vol. Infantry, Commanding Post.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, February 1, 1862.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT, U. S. Volunteers,

San Francisco, Cal.:

Your designation of Company A, Third Artillery, for the light battery is approved. Acknowledge receipt of this by telegraph.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

