
COMMANDANT'S OFFICE, NAVY-YARD,

More Island, Cal., February 1, 1862.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

SIR: Your letter of the 30th ultimo is received informing me of a conversation held with Major Leonard, who recently visited this yard, on the subject of the guard of artillery now stationed here. The guard as they are, without an officer, are, as you say, of very little, if any real service in the protection of the public property, but as they were ordered here at the request of the Honorable Secretary of the Navy, I must beg leave to decline any recomendation as to the removal of the detachment from the island. I am satisfied, however, that a force could be placed upon the sialdn in sufficient time for all purposes of its defnese.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

W. H. GARDNER,

Commandant.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 4. San Francisco, Cal., February 3, 1862.

I. Major Hiram Leonard, U. S. Army, is hereby appointed provost-marshal for the city of San Francisco.

II. A detachment of two subalterns and twenty-five men will be detailed from the Second Cavalry, at Camp Alert, and quartered in this city, to act under the special orders of Major Leonard. The deputy quartermaster-general will cause quarters to be prepared for the detachment, as well as stables for the horses.

III. All soldiers visiting this city, either on pass or under special orders, will immediately report at the office of the provost-marshal.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, February 4, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WEST,

First California Volunteer Infantry,

Commanding Southern District, New San Pedro, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that from information received here I had reason to suppose that parties disloyal to the Government would attempt to cross the Colorado River somewhere in this vicinity on the 28th of January. I had information of one more being in the neighborhood of the Algodones. The information was given me by an Indian. On the 31st of January I sent First Lieutenant Hargrave to look for him. He found him near Pilot Knob and arrested him. His name is Haywood Dickey, formerly a deputy sheriff of San Joaquin County, Cal. After examining him and taking his statement I concluded to detain him. A copy of his statement I inclose to the district commander for his disposition (se Appendix A). Also respectfully ask for instructions in refernece to him. I also inclose copy of oath administered to him (see Appendix B), and statement of Indian (see Appendix C).

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

