
APPENDIX A.

Statement of Haywood Dickey.

FORT YUMA, January 31, 1862.

My name is Haywood Dickey. I was born in Tennessee (Knox County), a few miles below Knoxville. Left Tennessee on the 21st day of April, 1850, for California. Arrived in San Francisco on the 20th dya of August, 1850. Since that time lived principally in Stockton. My biness has been teaming, and for some years was deputy sheriff of San Joaquin County, under John O'Neil. I had been so nearly the time specified. John O'Neil went out of office on the 1st of October, 1861. I then left Stockton to go to Texas by way of Los Angeles and Fort Yuma. At the Monte, near Los Angeles, I heard of the arrest of the Showalter party and changed my notions. I then started for San Diego. I then concluded to go to the mines, forty from San Diego, across the line into Lower California. From there I went to see Governor Moreno for the purpose of procuring provisions. He had none, or had none to spare. I struck across from there to Indian Well, on the desert. An Indian guide (Yuma) came with me. The Govenror gave me some flour, perhaps five pounds. I arrived at the camp of the Yumas on the 27th. I came on horseback that far, and left my horse with the Indians (an Indian called Antonio). From there I went to Yager's hay camp, and was employed by him or his foreman. The only reason why I stopped was sthat I knew I could not get rhough. I intend to go home as soon as I can. I saw one of the Showalter party that you did not get. I saw some of them at San Diego. The names of them I do not know, although I had some convesation with them. I know personally Showalter, King, Wilson, Woods, Benbrook, Sands, Roberts, Ward, Woods (both of the men by the name of Woods), Sampson, Rogers, Edwards, Lawrence, Rogers (both of the Rogers), Crowell, Turner, Sumner, Chum, and I would have started within two days to overtake them if I had not been taken ill. I left Stockton with a man by the name of Wiliam Hollannow here, Jim Moss and Hopkins, James and Henry, and two of the Ayers, Jim Dunlap, and three others whose names I have forgotten. My sympathies are with the South sure, and if I am compelled to fight I will take that side. I do not think that the Government can stand divided. I am twenty-eight years old on the 9th day of March, 1862. I do not think that the State that I was born in had any right to secede, or rather, I do not know whtehr the State had or had not, but my sympathies are for the South. My opinion is that a portion of Showalter's party intended to go on to join the Confederate Army. Ward told me that he did not intend to go farther than Van Dorn, in Arizona or New Mexico. I am willing to take the oath of allegiance.

HAYWOOD DICKEY.

APPENDIX B.

Copy of oath administered to Haywood Dickey, at Fort Yuma, January 31, 1862.

I, Haywood Dickey, do solemnly swear that I will support, protect, and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemies, whether domestic or foreign; and that I will bear true faith, allegiance, and loyalty to the same, any ordinance, resolution, or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary

