
Numbers 8.

Report of Lieutenant John F. Staples, Third California Infantry.

FORT BAKER, CAL., June 2, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to Post Orders, Numbers 22, I left this post on the morning of the 29th of May with a detachment of twenty men on a scout for Indians. Traveled eight miles to the head of Yager Creek and camped for the night. May 30, left camp at 6 o'clock. Followed the Hydesville trail to Reed's ranch; thence in a southwesterly direction to the Van Dusen, at a point known as the Van Dusen Mail Station. Camped for the night.

May 31, crossed the Van Dusen. Traveled in a southwest course to Eel River; thence up the river one mile. Discovered a party of from twenty to thirty Indians, who were also traveling up the river. They saw us first as we were coming into a small prairie. We were close to them before they discovered us. I immediately attacked and routed them, killing 1 buck and capturing 12 squaws and children. They had several guns, but I am unable to say how many. They fired several shots at us from the brush. One shot struck Corporal Collins' cap-box, passing through it, and lodging against his belt-plate, doing him no serious harm. Returned to the mail station and camped for the night.

June 1, returned via Reed's ranch to McEntee's Crossing of the Van Dusen.

June 2, arrived at Fort Baker at 11. 30 o'clock with twelve prisoners, having been absent four days and a half.

J. F. STAPLES,

First Lieutenant, Third Infantry California Volunteers.

Captain THOMAS E. KETCHAM,

Third Infantry California Vols., Commanding Fort Baker, Cal.

Numbers 9.

Report of Lieutenant Joseph Anderson, Third California Infantry.

ELK CAMP, July 31, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to inform you that we had a visit from the Indians in this vicinity yesterday about 6. 30 o'clock. They shot Mr. Miller in the thigh, killed his squaw and child about one year old. Miller, after being shot, made good his escape to Mr. Saunders' house, about three miles from where the Indians made their attack; also his boy, about nine years old. As soon as I got the news I had my party divided and sent part of them to Mr. Saunders' house, and had Miller, his boy, and Mr. Saunders, who is helpless at present, moved to this camp, which was then about 9 o'clock at night. After getting them all together, with Mr. Morton's family, I made the best disposition I possibly could with the small command I had for the night. I am to-day preparing for another attack, and assisting Mr. Morton to have his family moved to Trinidad; also, Miller and Mr. Saunders, as both of them require medical attendance. I received orders last night from Captain Douglas to proceed with what available force I had and scout from this camp along him known. The force I have here is not sufficient to protect this place, and if I divide it I know Indians, who are now encamped about Coyote Camp, will come back and destroy what houses remain standing here. These are Mr. Saunders', Mr. McConaha's, and Mr. Morton's, which

