
notwithstanding. And further, that I do this with a full determination, pledge, and purpose, without any mental reservation or evasion whatever; so help me God.

HAYWOOD DICKEY.

Witness:

FRANCIS S. MITHCELL,

First Lieutenant and Post Adjutant.

Sworn to before me this 31st day of January, 1862.

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

APPENDIX C.

FORT YUMA, January 30, 1862.

Marto La Cruz was born at the Algodones, on the Colorado River. My father was a white man; what nation I do not know. Was taken prisoner by the Cocopahs and sold to an Englishman by the name of William Hardy, who took me to Lower California (La Paz), where I lived eighteen years. I am now twenty-five years old. Mr. Hardy died two years ago, after which I returned to my people (the Yumas), where I have resided ever since. The Governor of Lower California (Moreno) sent for me three months ago. He gave me papers authorizing me to have bad white men, Texans principally, from crossing the Colorado River, and to advise him of any parties crossing into Lower California; that they stole his animals. He gave me papers to the head chiefs of the Cocopahs and Yumas, and told me that good men would go to tthe ferry at Fort Yuma to cross, but bad men would want to cross below there. I met a man who told me that he had friends taken to Fort Yuma; that he was from Texas, and that he wanted to fight to get even. The Governor of California told me to bring him to the ferry at Fort Yuma; that if he was a good man he could cross there, and if he was not that he should not cross anywhere. I gave the man my papers, to keep them dry, but he said he lost them and could not get them back. His horse gave out, and he heard of a party of Mr. Yager cutting hay near Pilot Knob. He left his horse with the Indians and he went to the hay party, and I came to the fort to report it.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, February 4, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WEST,

Commanding District, New San Pedro, Cal.:

COLONEL: I received a letter from Major D. Fergusson (commanding Camp Wright, dated January 30) on the 2nd instant, in which he says that Mr. Tibbetts informs him that as many as forty or fifty men armed and mounted passed his house during the lazst six or sevenw eeks; seventeen passed on the 9th of January. The major adds: "They avoided this road and San Diego, and probably go tover some trail leading into the desert beyond Carriso Creek. " They were heard of by parties living on the coast road all along from Los Angeles to San Luis Rey, but that none has sufficient patriotism to report it in time. Tibbetts says he was afraid of his life, being the only Union man in his neighborhood. I fear parties are leaving Visalia and Mariposa without being detected by the proper authorities. I think that it is practicable for men of enterpise to cross the river during the usual stages of water. Should the river be high yet, it is likely the last party is down below you from thirty to sixty miles. This must be a portion of the

