
party that Mr. Clark telegraphed about. I do not think they have crossed yet, and will keep a sharp lookout for them, and if possible capture them. I will sent the Indians out to watch for them at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, February 4, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WEST,

First California Vol. Infty., Commanding Dist., New San Pedro, Cal.:

COLONEL: I would respectfully call your attention to the fact that the charges against twelve general prisoners have not been received here, viz: Privates Glancy, Carey, and Murphy, Company B, First California Volunteer Infantry; Jones, Miller, Finley, Sergeant Stedenfeldt, of Company D, First California Volunteer Infantry; Fitzgerald, Company G, First California Volunteer Infantry; McComick, Company I, First California Volunteer Infantry; Balnkeship and Whitaker, Company F, First Califonria Volunteer Infnatry; and also Hastings, of Company D. The charges are here against Dwyer, First Cavalry, but the prisoner has not arrived. I also inclose, for the consideration of the district commander, statement of Alvin Sanders (see Appendix D), an American citizen en route to Los Angeles from Sonora. The steamer Cocopah, Captain Wilcox, arrived here yesterday from the mouth of the Colorado, bringing sixty tons of stores, principally barley and coffee. One pakcage of ordnance stores only has arrived. Nothing has been heard of the guns or the steamer Republic's freight, except some barley and flour, of the arrival of which I have already informed Colonel Carleton. I started the three wagons back to Camp Wright (that came with Captain Gorley's detachment) yesterday morning. since the overflow I have expeirnced some difficulty in getting a sufficient quantity of wood for the post. The wagon not being able to get the wood on the flat, I am now having wood boated down the Gila River. A sho, will dry up the roads so that wood can be hauled. I have had all the pack-saddles and aparejos put in order as directed by Colonel Carleton. I would also respectfully clal the attention of the district commander to the fact that there is no clothing at the post. The command is very much in want of pants and blouses. Many of the men, from the fatigue duty they have been obliged to perform during the high water, carrying wood, moving the quartermaster's and commissary stores, are almost naked. The water works have been repaired and are again in working order. The recruits have been dropped from the companis to which they were attached, and are commanded by Lieutenant Mitchell as directed. the helath of the command is good, and their drills progressing as instructed by the colonel commanding. I have had the howitzers, carriages, &amp;c., overhauled and repaired, and to the best of mya bility carried out all my instructions to the letter. I entertain some fears that the small vessels on which we shipped the guns have met with some accident. Nothing had been heard from them when Captain Wilcox left the mouth of the river.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

P. S. -I inclose, as directed by the colonel commanding, statement of political prisoners in answer to letter addressed to commanding officer

