
to its location is that it is entirely too far from the settlments to afford much protection to them. All accounts agree that a ost on Van Dusen's Fork or Yager Creek (tributaries of the Eel River), some twenty-five miles nearer here, would accomplish the object much more effectually, there being in these neighborhoods many more settlers and many more Indians.

Since the 20th of December Fort Seward has been garrisoned only by twenty men, party of the Third California Volunteer Infantry and partly of the Second California Volunteer Cavalry, under Lieutenant Davis, of the Second Cavalry. From estimates made by my direction by Acting Quartermaster Swasey, based upon reports mad eto me of public property left there, it appears that on the 20th of this month they will be entirely out of all subsistence stores except about 1,000 pounds offlour, and that forty-four mules could transport hither all the Government property at the post. This number of mulesa belonging to the Government mr. Swasey thinks he might have ready for the trip by the 20th instnat. It may, however, be some weeks later before the route is fit to be traveled. With their 1,000 pounds of flour there is no danger of the garrison starving in the meantime, especially as seven oxe were left behind, and beef no doubt can easily be obtained in the neighborhood. It is very doubtful whether any one could be hired at presetn to take supplies there at any price-certainly, Mr. Swasey tells me, not for less than 12 1/2 cents per pound. In regard to breaking up the post at Fort Seward, I shall take no steps till after this steamer's return from San Francisco. But unless otherwise instructed from your headquarters as soon after that as the route becomes practicable and there are public mules nough here in good condition I shall have the garrison and the public property brought down to this post. I understand that no buildings except two log huts, not completed, have been erected there, the troops having refused to build anything but a bake oven. If another post is to be established to replace it in some other locality I think it beter to wait until I shall be enabled by more full ifnormation that I can now obtain and by an actual reconnaissance of the country to select the site judciously. The cavalry horses are recruiting very slowly, having as yet no shelter. By the 1st of March a dozen, perhaps, might be fit for the field.

The general court-martial for the trial of the Fort Seward mutineers convened on the dya appointed. Having ascertained that Lieutenant Davis and three men, now at Fort Seward, are materiall witness for the prosecution, without whose testimony the charges could not be proved, the court adjourned over to next Saturday, and will, I presume, continue to adjourn over from week to week until those witnesses can arrive. On the 30th of January it was officially reported to me by Captains Douglas and Heffernan, commanding Companies F and K, Second California Volunteer Infantry, that some eighty of their men were in urgent need of shoes, some of them being unable, from the want of them, to attend drills or do duty of any king, and nearly one-third of Company F being on the sick report for the same cause, Acting Quartermaster Swasey having no shoes on hand of the numbers required, and having reported that they could be had in Eureka at $1. 65 per pair, I directed him to make the purchase, which was done, and the shoes were at once issued to the two companies. By the aid of an old map and the information I have obtained respecting the topography of the country and the Indian tribes, I am enabled to fill out somewhat in detail the general plan of campaign suggested in my first letter. The general configuration and important features of the district will be found roughly

