
Hoopa Valley for the last ten years, recommended to me as reliable and intelligent, states that all the male Indians of some hundreds that were inveigled in some years since by General Kibbe and sent to the Mendocino Reservation were back again on their old ground within two months, to his personal knowledge. From the Tejon Reservation they never could find their way back. I therefore earnestly recommend to the department commander that this should be their destination. Subsistence would, of course, have to be provided for the Indians as fast as brought in. The Hoopa Indians could be sent down the Klamath in canoes to Fort Ter-Waw, where they could be guarded and subsisted until shipped on board a steamer or other vessel at Crescent City. Fort Humboldt would probably be the most convenient depot of subsistence and place of shipment for all the Indians to the south of the Klamath. But in respect to all these matters, once at Fort Gaston I could readily communicate with your headquarters by the way of Weaverville, only about forty-five miles from Fort Gaston, to which place there is a regular mail from San Francisco as wella s a telegraph. If, unfortunately, of which there is now every appearance, it will be impossible to take the field until the snows are melted and the Indians scattered again, the plan of campaign could still, I think, be successfully carried out. The only difference would be that it would require more time and more troops, but would not this be better than waiting till next winter?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second California Vol. Infty., Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., February 5, 1862.

IRA P. RANKIN, Esq.,

U. S. Collector, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: My officer commanding at Fort Point reports to me that vessels are constantly in the habit of passing in and out without any display of colors. Would it not be well to have notice given that all vessels will be required to hoist their colors on passing the forts? This would avoid any delay of the ship. I do not wish to interpose any obstructions to the ingress or egress of vessels to this port, provided they are engaged in the legitimate trade, and for the present I do not deem it necessary to require more than a display of their colors. I supose that vessels arriving are examined by officers of the revenue service as to their character and nationality.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 2. Los Angeles, Cal., February 5, 1862.

I. The undersigned hereby resumes command of this district.

* * * *

V. Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, Second California Volunteer Cavalry, in addition to his duties as commander of Camp Drum, is hereby charged with providing for such troops as may arrive from San Francisco within the next four weeks. For this purpose he will make timely

