
requisitions fro such subsistence stores, forage, and fuel as may be necessary direct upon the proper department at San Francisco. Lieutenant-Colonel Evans will have supervisory control of all issues of Army supplies both at New San Pedro and at Camp Drum. No issues will be made except on proper returns countersigned by him.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, CAMP DRUM, Numbers 20. New San Pedro, Cal., February 5, 1862.

The undersigned hereby resumes command of this camp.

GEO. S. EVANS,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Cav. California Vols., Commanding Detachment.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 5, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WEST,

First Infantry California Volunteers, Camp Wright

(or more probably at Fort Yuma, Cal.):

COLONEL: If, when this reaches you, you have gone beyond Camp Wright, return without delay and assume command of that camp until further orders. If you are already at Camp Wright, assume command of that camp and remain there until otherwise directed. I desire that you have the troops in that camp put into the highest state of efficiency and kept ready for field service at an hour's notice. Should Captain Roberts' company arrive at Camp Wright from San Diego, detain it there as a part of your command. The ambulance which belongs to Fort Yuma you will leave at Fort Yuma, if this letter does not reach you until you have arrived there, otherwise you will have it sent there without delay.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 5, 1862. (Received 14th.)

Major E. A. RIGG,

First Infantry California Vols., Commanding at Fort Yuma, Cal.:

MAJOR: Keep scouts up the river in the direction of Tuscon to give you timely notice of any advance from that direction of the rebel force reported as being in Arizona. Keep the steamer and all other boats, large and small, on this side oif the river under a strong guard. If necessary, defend your post to the last extremity, then if you are obliged to give way, which is not at all probable, destroy it and fight you way across the desert, filling up the wells between yourself and your enemy as you fall back. Keep all the time on the qui vive, yet do not be stampedp any force that will menace you, having, as you have, command of the river. I shall send you some artillery ammunition and some cavalry for scouts in afew days.

