
Send Keene to report to me in one week after the express which takes this to you leaves to return. You will of course keep me advised of all you do, and all that is done by the enemy.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., February 6, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army,

Headquarters Department Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Since my last written communication, dated Port Townsend, January 1, I have the honor to report that upon a full and careful canvass of Washington Territory west of the Cascade Mountains, with a view to the raising and organizing the First Regiment of Washington Territory Volunteer Infantry, I gave authority for the enrollment of three companies within the Territory. From circumstances mentioned in my foremr reports as presenting obstacles to recruiting in that district of country, I am convinced that during the following four months to fill these companies will exhaust the extreme capacity of the entire Territory. The peculiar severity of this winter season has rendered it impossible to visit other portions of the District of Oregon. Its necessity is obviated, too, by my very free conference at Olympia with members of the Territorial Legislature, who were well informed upon the condition of all parts of the country, as well as information that I have received from intelligent sources in the State Oregon. I believe that the only proper and practicable measures that can be taken for the present in the District of Oregon toward recruiting for my regiment are in progress there, and I am impressed with the propriety of at once commencing the organization of companies in this city and State.

Since my arrival here on the 28th ultimo I am assured of the favorable prospect of procuring four companies in this city, with the reasonable expectation of at least two more from the interior of the State. I have already selected some company officers and given authority to recruit for my regiment in this city, and in view of the practical commencement of its organization I have the honor respectfully to prefer to the commanding general the request that for the personal superintendence of this organization I may be permitted temporarily to make my headquarters in this city instead of Fort Vancouver, to which latter pler orders from department headquarters; that as an essential and positive requirement for the perfomrance of the duties incident to the raising of recurits, and the speedy and successful organization of my regiment, authority may be given me to have at once mustered into service my lieutenant-colonel and major. I have made these appointments of my field officers by virtue of the authority given me by the honorable Secretary of War, heretofore submitted, and while I deem their presence and assistance at regimental headquarters not only of much value but of imperative necessity int he commencement of the organization, I am convinced that to have them placed on duty, with the full credit of their official position, is in strict consonance with the intent of the authorization for this regiment. I have also respectfully to submit for the consideration of the commanding general that the establishment of a depot for recruits for my regiment, convenient

