
to the city, will serve a valuable purpose, giving much assistance to separate officers recruiting, and security to the enrollment and mustering of men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 7, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I understood from Captain Kirkham that at or about this time a brig would leave San Francisco laden with Government stores for Fort Yuma. Please do me the favor to let me know the name of this brig and with what cargo she is laden. This information is important to my movements, as I shall have an expressman leave Fort Yuma to notify me of the arrival of the vessel at the mouth of the Colorado; and I can tell exactly the state of the supplies for the Mojave expedition when her cargo comes to hand. I think it would be well for Colonel Bowie to be here at as early a day as practicable to discipline his regiment, five companies of which are now at Camp Latham.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., February 7, 1862.

Colonel J. STEINBERGER,

First Regiment Washington Territory Vols., San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Your letter of the 6th instant with reference to the organization of the Regiment of Washington Territory Volunteers having been submitted to the general commanding the department, I am directed to say, in reply, that should you deem it necessary for the speedy organization of your regiment, you will muster in such officers of the field and staff of the regiment as is essential for this purpose. One of the field officers must be posted at Fort Vancouver, to superintend the enrollment of such companies as may be raised in the District of Oregon. As the companies reach the requisite number the first lieutenant thereof can be mustered in, and the men, with this officer, will be sent to Alcatraz Island, which will be the depot for the companies raised in this State. The general directs that the headquarters of your regiment shall be temporarily established in this city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 8, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of a communication from Colonel Justus Steinberger, dated on the 6th instant, and

54 R R-VOL L, PT I

