
are worth several thousand dollars with their crops, all of which will be destroyed by dividing the party. I therefore take the responsibility of stopping here contrary to Captain Douglas' orders, as I think I could accomplish nothing by scouting with the party that I could take from this command, as I am positive there is a large party of Indians between here and Albee's. The four men of Company D, Third Infantry, which brought the order from Captain Douglas, passed two camps, one where the military express rider was shot, with fourteen Indians they saw sitting at a camp-fire, and the other camp a little above where Miller was shot. The number there they could not tell, but by the noise they made at the time they passed, they judged there must have been some thirty or forty indians. They traveled all night and got here about 3. 30 o'clock this morning. The Indians burned Mr. Miller's house and Mr. Williams'; also, shot Miller's horse and destroyed everything about the place. As soon as I have Miller, Saunders, and Mr. Morton's family started for Trinidad I am going to see what other damage they have done. I am only rationed up to the 4th of August. I hope that a train may arrive here before that time. If they have not started I would advise them to come by Trinidad to this camp. I hope the colonel commanding will approve of my course of action in keeping the small force I have here together and not complying with the order I have received from Captain Douglas; I would comply, however, with Captain Douglas' order, but I find that the men are not very well satisfied to stop here after I divide the party and leave them. I have reason to believe they would not stop here after me to afford any protection to this place, and for that reason I have thought better to keep I have taken. The party of this command now at Albee's will have to get supplies from Fort Anderson. I cannot procure an animal to pack them any provisions from here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANDERSON,

First Lieutenant, Third Infantry California Vols., Commanding Elk Camp.

Lieutenant JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Humboldt Military District.

Numbers 10.

Report of Lieutenant John D. Myers, Third California Infantry.

LISCOMBE'S HILL, CAL., June 11, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding, that a party of men - one corporal and two privates from my detachment - escorting Government stores to Elk Camp, transported by McConaha's pack train, was, on their return from that station on the 9th [8th] (Sunday), while encamped at Fawn Prairie, were attacked by a party of about fifty Indians, who kept up a continual fire on a log cabin where the men were for protection for about half an hour, and the balls came through the cabin so fast that the men were forced to leave. The Indians have got their blankets and overcoasts, and if it had not been dark would, from their numbers, have, no doubt, got the men. I think from the number and the way that they came that they are the same party that committing those depredations on Mad River on that same morning. The men think that they destroyed all belonging

