
the reply which I directed to be made on the 7th. * The instructions from the War Department to Colonel Steinberger, dated on the 18th of October, 1861, authorized the colonel to raise and organize a regiment of infantry in the Territory of Washington and the country adjacent thereto. Colonel Steinberger's communication will inform you of the embarrassments he has met with in raising men in Washington Territory and in the State of Oregon. I cannot anticipate much success in raising foot troops for service in that country. The newly discovered gold mines naturally draw off a large portion of the able-bodied men, and when it is considered that a regiment of cavalry is now being raised in Oregon, it cannot be expected that a regiment of infantry for home service can be raised from a sparse population. The colonel is very sanguine that he can raise a few companies in this city, and I have decided to establish him temporarily here for that purpose. My action in this matter is respectfully submitted to the consideration of the General-in-Chief. Colonel Cornelius, under instructions from your office, dated on 24th of September, 1861, was authorized to raise or egiment of mounted troops in Oregon. I have a communication from the colonel, dated on the 8th of January, ultimo, in which he asks for clothing, arms, &amp;c., for six companies, immediately, and says further that he shall require supplies for four more companies in course of the next two months. I beg leave to ask your attention to the latter portion of the instructions to Colonel Cornelius. Thus far I have given no orders or instructions to the colonel, as he was directed to report and receive instructions direct from Washington. Now, as the regiment will soon be ready for field service, it is highly important that it should be under the direct command of the department commander.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 8, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WEST,

First California Volunteer Infantry, Coimdg. Camp Wright:

COLONEL: Having assumed command at Camp Wright in compliance with instructions dated at these headquarters, February 5, 1862, you will order Major Fergusson, First California Volunteer Cavalry, to report for duty at the headquarters of his regiment.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 8, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WEST,

First California Volunteer Infantry,

Commanding at Camp Wright, Cal.:

COLONEL: If you can get good grazing and fuel and water nearer Temecula, or even at the latter place, than you have at Oak Grove, you

---------------

*See p. 848, and next, ante.

---------------

