
are authorized to remove Camp Wright to that point. The few miles lost in a military sense can soon be recovered. Exercise a sound discretion about supplying your command with barley. The grazing is now so good you will hardly need purchase much hay. The garrison of Camp Wright will be increased. What you lack of provisions or other stores I must at once be informed about. I shall take care that troops which are to join you have provisions enough to last them for some days, to give them time to make known additional wants. Gather up the raveled ends all around you and get your force in fighting trim. I have every confidence in your forecast. As soon as I can do so I will write you more fully. Stop all newspaper writers in your camp from commenting on the movement of troops in this district. Quiet, implicit, and prompt obedience to orders must take the place of so much of this debating society system now in vogue.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 8, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel E. E. EYRE,

First California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Camp Carleton San Bernardino, Cal.:

COLONEL: After conversing with some of my expressmen about the great flood in the Gila and Colorado Rivers, which has covered the bottom lands with mud, swept off hay, &amp;c., I desire you will send Captain McCleave to Fort Yuma with thirty rank and file picked men of his company. If when he arrives there it is found that any grazing can be found within twenty miles of the post, the captain will send back word that the rest of his company will then follow him. I have but little doubt but grass can be found up the Colorado, but of this I must be sure. Lieutenant Harvey and Lieutenant Nichols will accompany Captain McCleave.

Respectfully, &c.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,

Los Angeles, Cal., February 8, 1862

Major E. A. RIGG,

First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Fort Yuma:

MAJOR: If the general court-martial recently convened at Fort Yuma has adjourned sine die without trying Lieutenant MacGowan, First California Infantry, release that officer from arrest and give him his appropriate duties under his commission. Forward to these headquarters the amount of all kinds of military stores you have on hand at the end of each ten days, commencing on the 15th instant; that is, of ammunition, subsistence, forage, hospital stores, and also of your means of transportation and the number of your intrenching tools. Keep me advised of the condition of your defenses at the same time. In a word, I wish through your reports to see exactly your condition. I shall parties, nor will you permit any letters for the press to leave your post, nor permit any discussions about the movements of the troops in this

