
district, nor any speculations to be made audibly in relation to such movements. All that is desired, and this will be enforced, is prompt and implicit and quiet obedience to orders. Commenting and caviling belong not to the profession of arms. Reticence on the part of all is what is looked for and expected and required. I send Captain McCleave with thirty picked men of his company to act as scouts. If on his arrival it is found that any grazing can be had within twenty miles of your post where the remainder of the horses can be sent which belong to his company, I will order the balance of it over to report to you. Having this additional force to act as scouts to prevent surprise, I now order you to defend Fort Yuma while you have a man able to handle his musket. If you want more re-enforcements let me know by return express. I have no idea that Mr. Baylor will trouble you, but be on your guard all the time. Lieutenant Harvey, First California Volunteer Cavalry is sent over to drill some of your men at the guns.

Respectfully, &amp;c.

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.

Los Angeles, Cal. ., February 8, 1862.

Captain WILLIAM McMULLEN,First Infty., California Vols., Commanding at Camp Latham, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: Have Company A, First Infantry California Volunteers, in readiness to take the field at an hour's notice, the men to move in light-marching order. Order Second Lieutenant Rynerson (if he has accepted his appointment) to temporary duty with it. Lieutenant Whittemore, of Company A, may be temporarily attached to Company K, First Infantry California Volunteers. Order Lieutenant Hammond with Mr. Hanson to report to me. Have your own company, Davis', and Shirland's ready for field service; such articles as the officers and men will not want upon the desert have carefully packed and marked, and inventories made of them. Order Captain Shirland with ten picked men to take the two political prisoners, Gillbert and Samuels, now in confinement at Camp Kellogg, to Camp Carleton, starting from Camp Latham at 5 p. m. to-day. The party will not stop in this town or at El Monte. If it be necessary to prevent escape the prisoners will be ironed. They will ride in the ambulance belonging to Camp Wright. Enjoin upon your officers that there is to be prompt obedience, with no discussions about their movements, and no newspaper correspondence. If Captain Willis can start, so as to camp this side of the coinage to-night with five days' rations and thirty rounds of ammunition, it will be well. He can then send me an express at what time he can reach Los Angeles. If by 10 a. m. to-morrow, with the men fresh for a day's march so much the better. Some wagons will be here from San Pedro by that time, so that those with which he may start from Camp Latham can return to you. We will now commence seeing what kind of stuff the First Infantry California Volunteers is made of. I shall be very proud if all this is done quietly, and with no fuss or confusion; and above all without other people dreaming of what we are about to do.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE. - I have written a note to Lieutenant-Colonel Dobbins to transfer the two political prisoners referred to you.

