HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 9, 1862.

Captain T. MOORE, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New San Pedro, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: The trains for my expedition will be four in number, each one to have fifty six-mule teams and wagons, and each train to have one wagon- master and three assistant wagon-masters. The wagon-masters are to be the following persons, viz: Joseph Winston, now on Lieutenant Hammond's papers; William S. Veck, now on Lieutenant Hammond's papers; Gabriel Allen, now on your own papers, and N. L. Roundtree, now on your own papers. The public service does not require, nor do I deem it necessary to have any director of trains or chief wagon-master; therefore you will not have any person employed in either of these capacities. The assistant wagon-masters will be selected by yourself from amongst the teamsters, and recommended for the place to me. If I agree with you as to the qualifications and efficiency I will confirm their appointment. You will issue property, so that each wagon-master will be responsible for his train; and you will hold him responsible that it is properly cared for at all times, and properly accounted for at such periods as may be necessary to insure the Government against loss, and to keep each team and wagon in serviceable condition. As you have but one forge at New San Pedro, you are authorized to employ Mr. Banning to shoe the mules which came down on the Senator on her last trip. I trust you will leave no effort untried to have these mules especially cared for and got ready for field service. Send me an account of the quartermaster's stores, means of transportation, and of forage and subsistence stores for which you are responsible, and which is now on hand. I am much pressed with business, but I shall try to be down to inspect your trains, &amp;c., in a few days.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,

Los Angeles, Cal., February 9, 1862

Lieutenant Colonel E. E. EYRE,

First California Volunteer Cavalry, Camp Carleton, Cal.:

COLONEL: Detail a company of your regiment at once to repair the road which leaves Aqua Mansa and goes into the stage road hence to Temecula, about five miles this side of the latter place. Mr. Chapman and Mr. Brown can tell you exactly which is the route thus indicated, and about where the repairs will be needed. I understand the grazing is good all along that road. This must be done at once in advance of a train now between this city and Aqua Mansa, which train must meet with no delay. Send the two political prisoners delivered to you by Captain Shirland, i. e., Gilbert and Samuels, to Camp Wright. See that they do not escape. Have receipts taken for them at Camp Wrigt. If you can spare the commander of Camp Wright subsistence stores for 100 men for thirty day send them forward by Mr. Veck's train, just alluded to. If the teams belonging to at your post, load them with barley and have them return with Mr. Veck to that place. Report to me just what public stores you will have on hand of all kinds when this is done, and also what your prospects are for forage. The

