
grass ought to be getting good in your neighborhood. Report if you could do better if stationed near Chino Ranch. I wish to be informed on all these matters fully. The political prisoners will be given in charge to Captain Willis, who, with his company, you will direct to report to the commander of Camp Wright. Captain Willis' company will accompany Veck's train.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE. - Keep these matters to yourself, except in so far as it is necessary to carry my instructions into effect. Keep the ambulance in which the prisoners ride to Camp Carleton at that point.

J. H. C.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 9, 1862.

Major E. A. RIGG,

First California Vol. Infty., Commanding Fort Yuma, Cal.:

MAJOR: Send me word the moment the man returns whom you sent on a certain mission referred to in your letter of the 17th of January. If you need more wagons, get Mr. Veck to let you have what you absolutely require. I do not want the hay and barley consumed at the post any more than can be helped. Those articles are there for other purposes. Now the water has subsided, report the damage done to hay which you had cut by the troops. If it is gone is it possible to get more? I know you can get it if anyone can do so. In case I want Yager to get beef for me, how much notice would he want, and what would he let me have it for a pound from Warner's ranch to Fort Yuma, and while there and on my way up the Colorado? He can name it in three prices to suit the three points. Be sure and have all the boats on the river, large and small, under your control or destroyed. What will Mr. Yager furnish barley for at the different stations on the desert named in your letter of the 17th of January? You have my authority to pay the secret agent whom you have sent to see Mr. Warner at Tuscon via Sonoita. Give the bearer of this a receipt for the mule he rides. Give him $50 in money. You can get the money without letting anyone know for what object. Have the bearer, Frederick C. Buckner, then set across the river at night, unknown to anyone (as he can at that time be disguised), and let him go on his mission. You must not tell him of the man recommended by Hinton, whom you sent. I have given him a cipher to write, the key of which he will communicate to you. Record it and then label it with his name, and then lock th will prevent anyone seeing it, and even though they do they would hardly be any the wiser if you recorded only the key and indorsed it with his name. You can ask him questions, but impart no secret to him. He is to be here again in one month. Let him have a good horse or mule that has no Government brand.

I am, major, respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

