HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 10, 1862

Brigadier General L. THOMAS.

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: For a few days past the weather has moderated, and we have a fair prospect of being able to move over the roads in the interior by the end of the month. By the steamer from San Pedro, which arrived here yesterday, I have advices from Colonel Carleton; he is making every preparation to advance to Fort Yuma as soon as the roads are passable. This week I send down the light battery. Company A, Third Artillery and one company of the Fifth Infantry. I shall then have but two more companies, and the headquarters of the Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, to send to the southern district. It is reported that a force of 800 men (rebels) are at or in the vicinity of Tucson; such a force could not for a moment arrest the advance of Carleton. The Columbia River being closed by ice, I have no very late intelligence from the District of Oregon: when I last heard from that quarter everything was quiet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 10, 1862

[Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:]

MAJOR: Inclosed please find certified copies of letters* from Major Rigg and accompanying documents, being the latest dates from Fort Yuma. It seems that the guns shipped from San Francisco have not arrived at Fort Yuma, nor has any intelligence been received concerning them. What shall be done with Haywood Dickey, a man taken prisoner on the desert, and whose statement accompanies this letter? I have forwarded the ammunition three wheels, sponges, and rammers, and fifty-six boxes of ammunition to replace that which was intended for Fort Yuma and was thrown overboard. The remaining half of Company D, First Infantry California Volunteers, will accompany the train from Camp Wright to Fort Yuma. Company A, First Infantry California Volunteers, ninety-five strong, is en route from Camp Latham to Camp Wright. Company G, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, proceeds to-morrow morning to San Fernando Hill, forty miles distant, to repair the road at that point, which is in such a condition that no one can go with a wagon from this valley to Fort Tejon, or out upon the Mojave desert, by that road. A company from Camp Carleton has been ordered to repair the road between that point and Camp Wright in advance of a train taking ammunition to Fort Yuma. Lieutenant-Colonel West commanding at Camp Wright, is ordered to have the road repaired by troops from that point to Vallecito, 80 or 100 miles beyond Camp Wright. Thirty cavalry have gone across the desert to Fort Yuma on the new trail under Captain McCleave where they will be used as scouts. Lieutenant Harvey accompanies Captain McCleave

---------------

*See Rigg to West, February 4, pp. 838, 840, 841.

---------------

