
to drill the men at Fort Yuma at the guns. He was a sergeant in Steptoe's battery during the war. If any grass can be found within twenty miles of the fort, either up or down the river, the remainder of Captain McCleave's company will be ordered to Fort Yuma. I do not wish too many horses to be consuming the hay there before the expedition moves. Major Rigg writes in good spirits, and does not ask for any re-enforcements. He is directed to defend the post to the last extremity. Major Fergusson is ordered to report to the headquarters of his regiment at Camp Carleton. I shall increase Colonel West's command as rapidly as I can get the troops away, should the condition of the ground improve-now very miry. I have felt obliged to give Captain Moore, assistant quartermaster at San Pedro, detailed instructions which you will see in copies of letters to him, herewith inclosed. * I have ordered Assistant Surgeon McKee, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, to Fort Yuma to provide against accidents. I have also sent the two political prisoners, Gilbert and Samuels, to Fort Yuma as directed by the general. Colonel Eyre, who has been a great sufferer by the flood at Sacramento, desires to go there to look after his property. I hope the general will approve of his being absent not to exceed sixteen days from the time he leaves San Pedro. You can get a more full idea of transactions in this district by the inclosed copies of letters+ and orders,+ other than those named above.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers.

NOTE. - You will see in a semi-official letter from Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre, which accompanies the resignations of Captain Singer and Lieutenant French, First Cavalry California Volunteers, that he has about fifty horses in that regiments, which he reports as worthless. I should like to receive the general's instructions in relation to them. It would appear strange that they should be condemned as unfit for service so soon after having been purchased, and yet it is evident that they will not do for the expedition. The great flood in the Gila has covered the bottom land and grass with mud to a great depth. It is impossible to foresee when troops will be able to pass over it.

J. H. C.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 10, 1862

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WEST,

First California Vol. Infty., Commanding Camp Wright, Cal.:

COLONEL: Send with Veck's train the remaining half of Captain Gorley's company of the First California Volunteer Infantry. The men will take no tents. Those they will leave behind you will leave with Company A, First California Volunteer Infantry, now en route to join you. Transfer to the officer who is to go with the detachment of Captain Gorley's company, referred to above, the two political prisoners, Gilbert and Samuels, whom you will have previously received. If there be no officer of Captain Gorley's company at Camp Wright to go with this detachment detail one, and instruct him to deliver those prisoners without fail to the commanding officer at Fort Yuma. Fearing from

---------------

*See Carleton to Moore, February 9, p. 853.

+Not found as inclosures.

---------------

