
what Captain Roberts has written that he will endeavor to reach Camp Wright without tents or baggage of any sort, which is creditable to his zeal, I desire to know at the earliest practicable moment what he will want when he joins you to make his men comfortable. Captain Willis' days from this date. Captain Roberts is instructed by the mail which leaves San Diego to-morrow as follows: If he has not already left San Diego when the instructions reach him he will await further orders. If he arrives at Warner's ranch, or comes within your vicinity, you will order him to join your force at Camp Wright. I say this from not knowing where he is or where he expects to be. From what he writes I suppose he will, if possible, endeavor to reach Camp Wright first. The condition of the roads is such that once having left San Diego he can hardly know when or where he is to come out on the road to Fort Yuma. Look into your commissariat, overhaul your ammunition and inquire into the state of your supplies on hand, to be obtained in the neighborhood, &amp;c., and let me know the result and your wants as soon as practicable. Have the road inspected and repaired, if necessary, from your camp to San Felipe. I believe Major Fergusson had the canon put in passable order thence to Vallecito.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &c.

JAMES. H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 10, 1862

Lieutenant Colonel E. E. EYRE,

First California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Camp Carleton:

COLONEL: If it be possible to get forage, in your neighborhood for a company of cavalry at Camp Wright send Captain Mead's company to report forthwith to Lieutenant-Colonel West. Have it move in light marching order.

Respectfully, &c.

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal. February 10, 1862

Lieutenant Colonel M. D. DOBBINS,

Fifth Cal. Vol. Infty., in camp near Camp Latham, Cal. ;

COLONEL: I desire that you send Company G, of your regiment, with Major Theodore A. Coult, Fifth California Volunteer Infantry, to what is known as the San Fernando Mountain, on the road toward Fort Tejon. The road which passes over that mountain is badly washed by the recent rains, and is now impassable for wagons, so that any military movement which the exigencies of the service may require should be made beyond that point could hardly be accomplished . Company G, Fifth California Volunteer Infantry, will repair the road at that point and then return to your camp. Let Major Coult have the necessary tools for the men to work with. Some have been sent to your quartermaster to-day; they should at once be put in good order.

