
The company will take twenty days' rations and twenty rounds of ammunition per man. Let it leave Camp Latham to-morrow. The sick and prisoners will not be sent.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, Cal., February 10, 1862.

Colonel FRANCIS J. LIPPITT

Second Infantry California Volunteers,Commanding District of Humboldt:

SIR; Your report* on the condition of affairs in the District of Humboldt having been attentively perused by the general commanding the department, I am, directed to say that while the plans suggested are doubtless very good, yet you must not rely upon such an increase to your force as is evidently contemplated in the report. The removal of Indians and the establishment of their reservations is a matter belonging entirely to the Indian Bureau. The superintendent of Indian affairs for the northern district has selected a new reservation in the northeastern part of this State, which, it is thought, will be sufficiently remote from the settlements to prevent disturbance. The general approves your suggestions relative to the abandonment of Fort Seward. The matter is left entirely with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA No. 3. Los Angeles, Cal., February 11, 1862

I. The infantry companies which may be required to take the field in this district, unless otherwise especially ordered will always march with knapsacks on. Each soldier will carry one greatcoat, one blanket, one forage cap, one woolen shirt, one pair of drawers, one pair stockings, one towel, tow handkerchiefs one fine and one course comb, one sewing kit, one piece of soap, one toothbrush.

II. Each soldier will wear his uniform hat without trimmings, one blouse, one pair trousers, one pair stockings, one woolen shirt, one pair drawers, and may wear a cravat in lieu of the leather stock.

III. Each soldier whether of cavalry of infantry, will have one canteen one haversack, and one tin cup. In his haversack he will carry one fork, spoon, and plate. He will wear a good sheath knife.

IV. Each company, whether of cavalry or infantry, will heave only enough mess-pans and camp kettles (in nests) for absolute requirements; also a few short-handled frying-pans, some large tin plates for the baking of bread, three large tin pans in which to mix bread, one or two strong coffee-mills, a 6-gallon keg for vinegar, a few pounds of black-grained pepper, four axes, four camp hatchets six spades six shovels.

V. Officers will not take mess-chests, or trunks, or mattresses on the march. It is suggested that each mess of officers of not less than

---------------

*See Lippitt to Drum, February 4, p. 842.

---------------

