
three be provided with two champagne baskets covered with painted canvas for their mess furniture. These can be packed upon a mule. Their necessary clothing can be carried in a small hand-valise, or pair of saddle-bags.

VI. The companies of the First California Volunteer Infantry will drill with knapsacks on and with personal effects packed agreeably to the above orders, from the date of the receipt thereof.

VII. The colonel commanding has observed that there has grown up a habit of writing for the press about military matters and movements by persons in the volunteer service in this district. This is not only unprofessional but is strictly prohibited. There must be neither discussions among military men nor any but official letters written for publication which have for their object the purpose of giving either censure or praise to any person belonging to the profession.

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant First California Vol. Infty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General,
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 11, 1862

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WEST.

First Infantry California Vols., Commanding Camp Wright, Cal.:

COLONEL; Should the commander of Fort Yuma require of you any re-enforcements send them to him with all possible dispatch. I have ordered that Captain Mead's company should join you if you can provide for it. The grass about and beyond Temecula must be good. I understand there is some hay this side of Temecula which can be bought perhaps at a low figure. Roberts' company, of the First Infantry, will be ordered to join you as soon as the road settles, and also a company of the Fifth Infantry, which I have asked should be sent to San Diege by next Senator. You will also have another company from Camp Latham. Pray have all these men put into fighting condition, if they have to be drilled eight hours per day. I sent your blankets and shoes by a wagon which left here to-day.

Respectfully your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.

Los Angeles, Cal., February 11, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel E. E. EYRE,First California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Camp Carleton:

SIR: If the commander of Fort Yuam asks for re-enforcements from you, send them to him with all possible dispatch. Send the accompanying letter directed to Lieutenant-Colonel West by the first opportunity. *

I am, sir, very respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

---------------

*See Carleton to West, next, ante.

---------------

