
to the train, as they fired into the mules before they fired at the cabin. The prairie is four miles from Fort Anderson and eight miles from this hill. The men will want blankets and overcoasts.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. MYERS,

Second Lieutenant, Third Infty. California Vols., Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Humboldt Military District.

Numbers 11.

Report of Captain David B. Akey, Second California Cavalry.

FORT HUMBOLDT, CAL., April 12, 1862.

COLONEL: As directed by you I left Fort Humboldt Thursday, April 3, with a detachment of my company, consisting of three non-commissioned officers and twenty-eight men, in pursuit of Indians. Left a detachment of one corporal and three men at the Eel River House, it having been reported to me that an attack was threatened at Figglebaum's Store. Encamped at Cooper's Mills Friday, 12 m. Found the mills robbed of from 2,000 to 2,500 pounds of flour, and belts, ropes, and all movable machinery cut up or destroyed. Mills had been fired in three places, but had died out. Saturday morning, April 5, started on the trail of the Indians, with two non-commissioned officers and twenty-three men. From the signs supposed to be between twenty and thirty Indians. Marched in a westerly direction; county heavily timbered; undergrowth almost impassable. Marched a distance of fourteen miles. No fresh sign of Indians. Encamped near a small prairie, twelve miles from Cooper's Mills. Same night sent two men back after mules with provisions. Weather clear, elevation above Cooper's Mills about 500 feet, distance from Iaqua Ranch about two miles. Sunday morning, April 6, at daylight, sent out four scouts - two in the direction of Fort Baker, and two in a northeasterly direction to strike Yager Creek above the junction of the streams putting into Yager near Kneeland's Prairie and the Iaqua country. The scouts in the direction of Fort Baker reported at camp 4 p. m. Crossed Yager Creek five miles above the Fort Baker trail; distance traveled, twelve miles. Reports the country very rough and very heavy timber, no sign of Indians having crossed in that direction. Scouts in the direction of Kneeland's Prairie reported at camp at sunset. Crossed the old trail of Indians two miles from camp; trail perhaps four or five days old. Three miles from camp crossed the trail of two Indians traveling in the direction of the Mad River country. Sign fresh, having passed the same day. passed down to the Yager about one mile above the mouth of Booth's Run. No other fresh sign discovered; distance traveled, thirteen miles. Monday morning, April 7, left camp at 5 a. m. with two non-commissioned officers and twenty-four men. Four inches of snow. Found fresht rail of two Indians as reported by scouts. Followed the trail about one mile; came in sight of two Indians, supposed to be spies; ordered the men to fire; both were killed. Here divided the detachment. Thirteen men under command of Sergeant Reynolds took a direct course for Yager Creek, directly opposite Iaqua Ranch; thirteen men and Sergeant Helon, Captain Akey in command, passed down toward Yager Creek;

