
[FEBRUARY -, 1862.]

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

SIR; The undersigned, residents of the State of Oregon and Territory of Washington, east of the Cascade Mountains, would respectfully represent that from reliable information we believe that there is a good natural wagon road between Dalles City and the Salmon River minues, via the emigrant road to Burnt River, crossing Snake River near the mouth of Burnt River, and following up Payette River to a low divide between it and Salmon River, thus great lessening the present traveled route, and passing over a country well supplied with grass and water. We are, however, prevented from using this route by the hostility of Indians upon Payette River, which we believe can only be neutralized by the establishment of a military post upon said river. Not only would it make secure the travel to and from the Salmon River mines, but would also prove a most efficient protection to the incoming emigration. With these facts in view, we would respectfully request your attention to the subject.

H. P. ISAACS,

N. H. GATES,

J. H. DEAN,

[AND 25 OTHERS.]

DALLES CITY, February 11, 1862.

General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Army:

DEAR SIR: You are no doubt in receipt of a memorial* signed by many of our citizens asking for the presence of U. S. troops upon the wagon road to the mines. I have taken considerable trouble to procure information in regard to the avenues which might become available to enable miners and supplies to reach the new el dorado. We can go with pack animals by a bad mountain trail from Grande Ronde direct to the present diggings, but it would cost millions to make a wagon road, and it is fully as difficult to get from Lewiston. By following the emigrant road via Grande Ronde and Burnt River, thence to Payette River, is some deviation to the south, but avoids all mountains, and as soon as Snake River is crossed it is all mining country. All the new discoveries ar Fork of Salmon, and I have no doubt will continue in that direction, which would make the proposed road a central one. The steam-boat company will undoubtedly use all their influence to prevent this road being traveled, as they wish to carry everything by steam-boat to Lewiston. I am so well satisfied of the advantages of the proposed road that I would at once start teams if I thought I would not be molested by the Indians. The Snake Indians upon Payette River are the worst of the bad. They murdered the Ward family in '54, and many others whose names I have forgotten, and no small party ever ventures to travel through their country. With the necessary security I believe the country upon Payette River would be settled very soon, as the lands upon it are represented as fertile and beautiful in the extreme. I will not dilate upon the advantages the proposed road would give our town, as I wish it to stand upon its merits independently. We have had a winter of unexampled severity, and stock owners will suffer heavily. For the last forty days

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

