
it has been from 5 to 20 below zero, and many lives have been lost during that period. It is now beginning to moderate, and I trust is about to break up.

Respectfully, yours,

H. P. ISAACS,
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, Cal. February 12, 1862

Colonel R. E. DE RUSSY,U. S. Chief Engineer, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: The Governor of the State, with the chairman of the military committee, has just called to see me on the subject of coast defenses. A bill is now being matured in the Legislature making appropriations, and these gentlemen are extremely anxious to have something tangible to base their calculations on. I will thank you for a report as to the points you have selected or have in view, for field-work to guard the approchases to this city, and also what amount of money could be judiciously expended in their erection. As the Governor and Legislature have manifested much anxiety on this subject, I shall be glad to receive your report as soon as possible.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.

Los Angeles, Cal., February 12, 1862.

Major E. A. RIGG,

First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Fort Yuma:

MAJOR: Mr. Jones, the bearer of this, you will facilitate in his efforts to cross the Colorado without being seen by his acquaintances at Fort Yuma or in its vicinity. He goes on a confidential mission from me. Have all the brush and undergrowth cleared off and burnt, so as to have the ground clear for at least 600 yards in all directions from the fort. The political prisoners, Dickey, Samuels, and Gilbert, may help do this work. It would be well to have a couple of hundred men put at it in different parties under different officers, so as to complete this work at once. Have all your boats secured firmly by chains to strong posts and locked (except when the boats are in use), with the keys of the locks in the custody of the officer commanding the guard over the boats. This will prevent a stealthy or sudden enterprise having a purport to cut your boats adrift. Have a strong guard over the boats, protected, if necessary, by a breast-work from shots from the opposite side of the river, but open toward the front. I again remind you of the importance of keeping your own counsel. Let no one but myself know anything about your business. Is Keene perfectly reliable? He went up the river with an avowed secessionist, King Woolsey. Rhodes is represented as being another secessionist. Colonel Snively I know to be one. Have an eve on these men, and if they are dangerous to have as neighbors and spies, when you may be menaced from abroad by their friends, seize them quietly and confine them each by himself until further orders. We shall be obliged, I fear, to hang some of these fellows before they can become awakened to the fact that the Government forces on the Pacific Coast are in earnest. Our expressmen who cross the river into Arizona to bring us information may be bribed by the other side of to carry letters or information or bring letters. You will

