
guard against this. Should an expressman prove recreant to his trust, be careful he does not escape until you get orders what to do with him. Of course if you are attacked and have no time for delay you will have a commission examine into the matter, and if the person is guilty beyond a doubt, shoot him. You are authorized to call on the commanders of Camp Wright and Camp Carleton for re-enforcements if you need them.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 12, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel M. D. DOBBINS,

Fifth California Volunteer Infantry.

Commanding Camp Kellogg, near Camp Latham, Cal.:

COLONEL; Have your command put into the most perfect condition possible for field service at an hour's notice. If it be necessary you must drill them eight hours a day. Nothing must be left undone which will insure efficiency and discipline and the most perfect subordination amongst your men. Have your officers recite their tactics to you a certain number of hours each evening until further orders, and have your non-commissioned officers do likewise to your adjutant, commencing at the beginning of the book. Have the regulations in all that relates to the duties of guards and of sentinels read every morning to both guards before the new sentinels are posted. Have the Articles of War read by each company commander to his company immediately after inspection every Sunday morning until further orders. Make the guard rounds yourself at certain hours during the night to see that your guards and sentinels on post know their duties and execute them as soldiers. Have that proper line drawn between officers and the rank and file which is so necessary to insure subordination respect, and prompt obedience without cavil and without discussion. Teach your men to have a soldierly bearing, to pay that deference and courtesy to their superiors required by regulations. See personally each day to the cleanliness of your camp, of the persons, arms, equipments, and messing of your men. See that no more wood is burned than what is absolutely necessary, without reference to the amount allowed by regulations, which is far more than you need. See that the commanders of companies attend to all their duties. I shall always take great pleasure in doing all I can for the welfare, efficiency, and glory of the Fifth while it is under my command, but they must do much for themselves.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, February 13, 1862

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT, U. S. Volunteers:

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communications of December 16, 17, 19, 20, and 28, 1861. Your measures are approved by the General-in-Chief. The following communications have also been received from you; December 31, 1861; January 6, 8, 9,

