
for the horses of Captain Mead's company, which you sent on the three wagons named in your letter. If you can do so, forward a part of the 18,000 pounds of barley which you say you would receive to-day to Camp Wright. See my letter to you of the 9th instant about detaching Captain Mead's company. If the route you indicated as being better than the Negro Canon proves to be so for the train, I shall esteem it as fortunate on account of delays that the train was deflected from the latter. How much barley for sale has the Mr. Chapin who lives near One-Horse Spring? I regret to learn that Lieutenant Harvey was obliged to return. If my note to you directed yourself and Captain Mead to come to this city it is wrong. I intended to say, as a personal favor to you both, that you might come. Please send me a copy of the note.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, February 14, 1862

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON.

Commanding Southern District, Los Angeles, Cal.:

COLONEL: Your communication dated February 5 was received this day. I have the honor to inclose to you a copy of a letter addressed to me by Mr. Ammi White, who resides at the Pima Villages; also copy of letter from Mr. S. Warner, dated Tucson, January 31, addressed to Mr. F. Hinton, Colorado City. Mr. White has been to the post, and his report of Governor Baylor's (as he is styled) movements can be depended upon. His brother had just returned from Tucson. I also inclose statement of O. Charles Hayward, who confirms the report of Mr. White in reference to Baylor's movements and intentions. In a former communication to you I informed you of my having sent a man to Tucson for the purpose of ascertaining the facts as to troops being there. I sent an employe of Mr. Hooper in whom Mr. Hinton and Hooper placed entire confidence. He went by way of Altar and Sonoita, Sonora, from which place he struck off through the Papago country. He carried a message from Mr. Hinton to Mr. Warner with instructions to obtain all the information he could about troops in that section of country. His having been frequently sent into Sonora on business for Mr. Hinton, his departure was not noticed. He brought back the letter from Mr. Warner, a copy of which I have inclosed. He was absent twenty-two days. He also confirms Mr. White's report in reference to Baylor's command, with the addition that twelve men were in Tucson who said that they belonged to Baylor's army, and that he intended to march to Tucson until he heard of the number of troops at Fort Craig, but that he would soon whip them out and then come on to protect the people from the Apaches. He conversed with them frequently and they seemed to think that in a very short time they would have things their own way in all Arizona. I have had another howitzer mounted and have now five of them in good condition for service, two for mules or horses. The guns which were shipped on board of the Republic are still unaccounted for. Nothing has been heard from them. The steamer Cocopah, Captain Wilcox, arrived on the 11th instant, and when the boat

55 R R-VOL L, PT I

