
left nothing had been heard of the vessels with the balance of the Republic's cargo. The cargo of the steamer Panama had all been landed at the Gridiron, and the captain assures me that he will have all of the stores at the post in fifteen days. I have instructed him to bring the guns and ordnance stores in preference if they should arrive. But I fear that some accident has occurred to them or Mr. Robinson, American consul at Guaymas, to profit by detaining them for his own vessel, has detained them. I have received news of their being there (Guaymas) from persons living near Altar, Sonora. If Mr. Robinson has detained those guns to make the freight for the schooner (to return for them) he deserves being cursed for it, and from my knowledge of American consuls in small Spanish ports I am satisfied that as a general thing they will all sacrifice the Government interest to their own profit. If he has not done so I am afraid that they are lost. The boats on the river are all tied up at the post, except one or two that are in use at the mines 100 miles up the river. Several broke adrift during the flood, but I sent after them and had them destroyed. The Indians are keeping a good lookout on the river above and below, and with the assistance of Mr. White, at the Pimas, it is impossible to surprise the post, and notified of their approach, I have no fears of having to evacuate or surrender. I think I can assure the colonel commanding that no stampede will take place in any event. Mr. White thinks it all important that some officer of intelligence should be sent to the Pimas as soon as possible. They are extremely anxious to have some one go to see them. The chief would like very much to come to the post, but he is afraid that on this return he would be surprised by the Yumas and killed. They are not friendly. For the want of animals at the post I cannot send out any distance in any dirty of men that I sent out to cut hay near Gila city have returned and I inclose the sergeant's report. He has with his party cut and stacked near Mission Camp (three miles) thirty-five tons of hay, which can be placed [where] required, with sufficient teams, in a very short time. Mr. White reports the road good. He brought a wagon with him. Mr. Yager will commence hauling hay to Cooke's Wells on Monday, 17th, and will require some one there to receive it and watch it. He has now fifteen tons at Pilot Knob. The roads have not been passable until now for teams, but will be in good condition again in a very few days unless we should have more rain. The command are much, very much, in want of clothing. Pants and blouses are very much needed. Some of the men are nearly naked. The colonel will also perceive by our report (return) that our sick list is large. The surgeon attributes it to want of sufficient blankets during the cold and rainy weather we have had. Drawers and shirts we are also entirely out of. I have been practicing the men lately in firing with blank cartridges. I find that it is all important that they should be drilled in loading and firing with cartridges, to accustom them to their use with coolness and regularity. It would be of great service if we could be supplied with bugles for skirmishing. I have had the flat cleared off for battalion drill. During the high water I was confined to the parade ground, which is too small for the skirmish drill yet they drill in it tolerably well. I have seen worse by older troops. Any movement of a forward character will be welcome news to them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

