
[Inclosure No. 1.] FORT YUMA, February 9, 1862.

Major E. A. RIGG,

Commanding Fort Yuma:

DEAR SIR: In answer to your inquiries in regard to the movements of the secession forces in the eastern portion of Arizona, I have the honor to say that my brother was at Tucson on the 17th of January and conversed with a gentleman who had recently arrived from the Rio Grande. At that time Governor Baylor was in command at Fort Fillmore with about 700 to 800 men. He was in expectation of re-enforcements and wrote a letter and forwarded it to Tucson that when strong enough he should attack Fort Craig, and after its capture should send 900 men to Tucson. Lieutenants Lord and Moore were in command at Fort Craig with about 2,500 men. The secessionists had stolen from them about 700 animals, driving them off in daytime with their herders. Thomas A. Martin, a rebel captain, was killed in a fight with the Apaches near the Rio Miembres. The Apaches are very bad in the vicinity of Tucson. An old and respectable resident of Tucson, Major Ware, was murdered and robbed, and his body thrown in a well at Blue Water Station, by a notorious Mexican, Juan Robles. The distance from Fort Yuma to the Pima Villages is 180 miles, and from thence to Tucson 93 miles, a good road. Ten miles have easily drawn 8,500 pounds to the Pima in ten days. Colonel Robinson and a man named Washburn, residents of Tucson, went to the Sierra Colorado mine (Samuel Colt's) and posted notices declaring it confiscated to the Confederate States, took possession, sold and carried away a large amount of property, and wrote to Major Lally, at Magdalena (Colt's agent), that if he came to Tucson he would be mobbed. They since abandoned it and gone to the Patagonia mine (Lieutenant Mowry's). Two men were killed by the Apaches while engaged in removing the boiler from the Sierra Colorado to the Patagonia. One was named Hawley from Texas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AMMI WHITE.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] TUCSON, January 31, 1862.

[Mr. F. HINTON, Colorado City:]

DEAR SIR: Your favor of January 21 came to hand to-day. The bearer leaves to-morrow. There is nothing of importance going on at present outside of Indian depredations, which are very frequent. Our latest news from the States is the President's message, and that came by way of Guaymas. It is reported that troops are coming from the East and also from the West. We have that report. Protection is much needed here, and I think it would be favorably received here from any quarter if it could be had without the horrors of a battle-field. We are receiving some bullion from the mines since the rainy soon. If you have an opportunity I wish you would let me know if you could furnish a small, well-selected stock suitable for this place, and the range of prices.

S. WARNER.

[Inclosure No. 3.] Statement of O. Charles Hayward.

I was born in England. Am a subject of Great Britain. I have been living in Arizona for seven or eight years, off and on. My occupation is that of a miner. I have lived most of the time at the Arizona

