
copper mines. Was one of the first shareholders in that mine and had charge of it. I was requested by Mr. Clymer to come on to see what had become of a team that he had sent down for provisions. I discovered that he had been overtaken by the flood on the road between Gila City and Grinnel's Station, and his wagon and contents washed away, and came on to Colorado City. No interference has been had with the Arizona mine by any parties whatsoever, nor any indications whatever of their doing so. I had an interview with Major Lally, at Tubutama, about forty or fifty miles from Magdalena. He was on his way to the mine (Colt's). I heard that Washburn and Robinson of Tucson, had published notices that the mine was confiscated to the Confederate Government, but understood that they were confiscating on their own account. I also heard that an express came through with news from the Rio Grande; that it would be impossible for them (troops) to come at present, on account of the raising of 2,000 troops in New Mexico for the defense of Fort Craig. These are rumors. The prevailing opinion amongst the people there seems to be that any troops would be well received who would give them protection from the Indians, Apaches, coming from what source they may. My own opinion in reference to the present difficulty between the North and South is that of my own interest is there, and my mission in this direction has been accomplished, and if possible I wish to send some provisions out to the mine. At present they have none. We have had no sugar or coffee for some time-in fact, nothing but dried beef.

O. C. HAYWARD,

[Inclosure No. 4.] FORTY YUMA, February 14, 1862.

[Major E. A. RIGG,

Commanding Fort Yuma:]

MAJOR: In pursuance with instructions dated January 9, I proceeded with a detachment of ten men of Company F, First Infantry California Volunteers, to a place fifteen miles above Gila City, Ariz. Ter. Arrived there the 11th of January. I had five tons of hay cut and hauled to Gila City, and placed in the Overland Stage Company's corral. All of this was washed away by the overflow. In conformity where it was cut; in my opinion, about thirty-five tons.

Very respectfully,

WM. WHEELING.

Second Sergeant Company F, First Infantry California Vols.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 15, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR; I directed Captain Moore, assistant quartermaster, on the 6th instant to send one of the new ambulances (Dr. Coolidge's invention) to Fort Yuma with the train which took over the artillery ammunition. I learned to-day that the ambulance had been tied behind a wagon, and in this manner sent to that post; that this was done because no harness for the ambulance had been received by Captain Moore from

