
found four Indian ranches abandoned perhaps four or five days. Country very rough. Deep canons and dense forests skirted Yager Creek a distance of three miles. No fresh Indian signs. Indians evidently on the alert, and moving in direction of Mad River. Arrived in camp 6 p. m. ; men very much fatigued. Sergeant Reynolds reports half hour later; numerous trails of Indians, not fresh; but moving back discovered numerous abandoned ranches, a large number of Indians having evidently encamped in this vicinity during the winter. Tuesday morning, April 8, took a circuitous route for Cooper's Mills, marching in a northwesterly direction; surprised a ranch of Indians 3 p. m. Showed no sign of arms having been in their possession; distance from Eel River settlements, two miles; number of Indians, fifteen, including men, women, and children. Two of said Indians were recognized by some of the citizens of Eel River as having been formerly in the epmploy of white men, and strong suspicions of having given information to the Indians who robbed Cooper's Mills. I find the settlers of the Eel River Valley very much exasperated, and strongly recommend the removing of all Indians from Eel River Valley. Arrived with full detachment at Eel River House 12 m. April 9, Corporal Smart reports having captured nine Indians three miles from Eel River House. Indians apparently tame, but from every information are in communication with the hostile tribes. Corporal Smart reported tof Indians on the east side of Van Dusen's River, distant from camp nine miles. Scout Sergeant Helon, with five men, reported at sunset with seven Indians captured at Eagle Prairie.

April 10, arrived at Fort Humboldt with full detachment. Men all well with the exception of one man, shot with carbine in the foot. Total number of Indians captured, 31 [42] - 11 bucks, 13 squaws, and 18 children. I cannot speak too highly of the soldierly bearing of the men under my command.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. B. AKEY,

Captain Company E, Second Cavalry California Volunteers.

Colonel F. J. LIPPITT,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.

Numbers 12.

Report of Corpl. Charles H. Eaton, Second California Cavalry.

COOPER'S MILLS, July 3, 1862.

SIR: There was an attack made yesterday about 5 p. m. by a band of Indians armed with rifles, about ten in number, upon the house of Mr. Cutterback, on the Van Dusen Creek, about two miles from this place. On the alarm being given I hastened to their relief as soon as possible with a part of the men under my command. The Indians on seeing us retreated to the woods with but little plunder, injuring no one seriously, Mrs. Cutterback receiving a slight wound from a rifle-ball. Night coming on we were not able to follow them far, therefore I returned to the mills.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHAS. H. EATON,

Corporal, Company E, Second Cavalry California Volunteers.

Colonel F. J. LIPPITT,

Commanding Humboldt Military District, at Fort Humboldt.

