
morning as instructed. I will send to headquarters of the district the amount of military stores on hand also subsistence, forage, hospital stores, and means of transportation. The colonel will find by me letter, which was already written, that the howitzers are all now serviceable. We, however, require spongers, rammers, &amp;c., a requisition for which I forwarded last month. I have had the men practicing with a few shell and blank cartridges, but not knowing whether thus expending ammunition would be approved of by the commanding officer, I expended but little in that way. We have no material here for making cartridges, nor is there any on the river. I have lately practiced the command in firing with blank cartridges in battalion-by companies, by rank by file, and by battalion. I deem it of great importance to have them load and fire with cartridges, accustoming them to their use. I found that it was absolutely necessary to do so, to have them become familiar with their use and to give them confidence and steadiness. In reference to grass for grazing, plenty can be had within from eight to twenty miles of the post for 200 head of horses. As soon as Captain McCleave's animals are rested I will have him examine it personally. I have no fears of being surprised at the post, and will hold it to the last extremity against any force that may be brought against it. With the force now here and the guns in order, we can give any force that can come against us suddenly a warm reception.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG.

Major First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON.

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., February 15, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that Company C, Ninth Infantry (Bissell's), left this post yesterday to embark on the steamer Cortez, at or near Portland, for Camp Pickett. The arrival of the steamer the previous day gave us the first opportunity we have had since the receipt in January of your instructions of December 7, 1861, to carry them into effect. Assistant Surgeon Taylor went with the company. Actg. Asst. Surg. B. S. Olds, who reported on the 20th ultimo, and has necessarily been detained here by the ice blockade, also proceeded by the same opportunity to his post, Fort Steilacoom, to which he was assigned.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. CADY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Infantry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, February 16, 1862

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WEST,

Camp Wright, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have just time to say that Captain McCleave with thirty cavalry arrived here this morning all well. No further news since Mr.

