
White was here. The diversion created by those 2,500 New Mexico troops at Fort Craig, under Lieutenants Lord and Moore, has changed Baylor's plans.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN A. RIGG.

P. S. - No news yet of the guns shipped on the steamer Republic and I am afraid never will be.

RIGG.

FORT YUMA, CAL. February 17, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel E. E. EYRE,

First Cavalry, Commanding Camp Carleton, San Bernardino, Cal.:

COLONEL: In compliance with orders dated Camp Carleton, near San Bernardino, Cal. February 10, 1862, I have the honor to submit the following report of the route traveled over by the detachment under my command from Camp Carleton to Fort Yuma, Cal.: Tuesday, February 11, 1862, the detachment under my command, composed of Lieutenants Harvey and Nichols, First Cavalry California Volunteers, and thirty rank and file of Company A, First Cavalry California Volunteers left Camp Carleton, Cal. at 8 a. m. After proceeding about eight miles Lieutenant Harvey became so unwell I found it necessary to order him to return to Camp Carleton. We all regretted this, but none more than the lieutenant himself. Our route by San Gorgonio Pass runs in a southeasterly direction, crossing a number of gulches formed by the late rains. The country for twenty miles appears rough, with mountains on either side. On the plain about twenty miles from San Bernardino is very good grass for about five miles. The last of the San Bernardino streams we crossed about fifteen miles from town; it did not appear to be continual. We arrived at Cheatin's ranch, San Gorgonio, at 5. 30 p. m. Distance marched, thirty miles. From Mr. Cheatin I purchased 1,640 pounds of barley at 1 cent per pound. By weighing and measuring I found that one quart of barley weighed one and one-half pounds. We fed this evening three quarts to each animal, then turned them out to graze in charge of the guard. I then caused twenty quarts of barley to be put into each man's saddle-bag and four sacks weighing each eighty pounds put up for packing. There is no more barley here for sale. There is little or no grass near this ranch. I was told that there is good grass and water seven miles below in the valley at the foot of the mountains on the right. Wednesday, 12th, at midnight the horses were brought in and fed from the quarters. I then gave directions that each man would feed three quarters at a time until further orders. This made the horses to carry six and two-thirds feeds each. We started at 1. 45 a. m., keeping down a valley for about eighteen miles and crossing White River, turned to the right in a southerly direction each of San Gorgonio Mountain, having White River on the left (this is a river without water). After Cheatin's crossed a fine stream (in about five miles) running from the mountains on the left; it is said to be snow water. We continued on nine miles to Agua Caliente, arriving at 9. 45 a. m. Here we found an Indian settlement with grain growing in the fields. We halted on a stream of good water half a mile below (but very little grass and that salt) until 2 p. m., then proceeded to Toro's (an Indian rancheria, Toro being the name of the chief). We reached this camp at 11 p. m. Ten miles back passed

