
Point of Rocks (this is a point which extends farther into the bottom than the others). One mile before coming to Point of Rocks found water (brackish) in a large well in the bed of White River. As the horses could not reach it, the men dipped it up in their nose-bags and gave them sufficient. At Toro's found plenty of salt grass and water. Total distance marched to-day about fifty-five miles, it being twenty-eight miles from Agua Calience to Toro's. Thursday, 13th, started at 7 a. m. Passed several rancherias this morning. To-day traveling was very heavy, and for several miles quite soft. The animals were much fatigued often going nearly to their knees in the mud. As it was caused by the late rains it will dry up in a few days. We reached Lone Palm Springs at 1. 30 p. m. having marched for the last fifteen miles in nearly an easterly direction. This spring is distance from Toro's about twenty-three miles. We watered our animals the water being strongly impregnated with saline, and warm. Continued our journey to Dos Palmas nine miles, arriving at 4. 30 p. m. Two and a half miles back in the sand bluffs found guieta grass, which we appropriated for the benefit of our stock. The road from the last spring (Lone Palm) is on the opposite side of the valley from that on which we entered. We did not feed barley this evening, there being an abundance of salt grass and tules here. Distance traveled to-day, thirty-two miles. The water here is similar to that at Lone Palm Spring.

Friday, 14th, started at 12 midnight and marched to Frink's Spring, twenty miles, arriving at 6 a. m. Found here a quantity of tules or reeds and a little salt grass. Water not so good as at last encampment. We remained two hours and continued our journey to a water-tank in the mountains on the left, a distance of thirty-six miles, and camped at 8 p. m. This tank is found in the rocks, is quite spacious, and contains at present about 1,000 gallons of rain water (pure and good). It is situated at the head of a canon and very difficult to find. Opposite the mouth of this canon stands a small mountain, detached from the range of mountains, between which and the range the road leads to the water. Our trail will be found there for a long time. This is the last water before reaching the Colorado from which I believe it is distant forty miles, though it is estimate at thirty miles. Distance traveled to-day, fifty-six miles. We had no grass at the water-tank. Saturday, February 15, the command started at 7. 15 a. m., after finishing our provisions and forage. Having marched about five miles we halted and allowed our animals to feed on quieta grass, which is abundant on this day's march. From here I took one of my men and the citizen expressman (leaving the detachment in charge of Lieutenant Nichols) and hurried on to the fort in order to procure rations and forage for the party on its arrival at the river. We reached the fort at 8 p. m. and having obtained the supplies required returned to Pilot Knob, where we found our men (who had just arrived), at 2 a. m. on Sunday morning, 16th instant. Distance marched, forty miles. There was much time spent to-day in grazing. Sunday, 16th, at 7 a. m. we were again in motion, en route to the fort, where we arrived at 10. 15 a. m. The old road to the fort from this point has been washed away in many places by the late flood, which seems to have increased the distance, which I judge is about nine miles. The men and horses stood the trip well and proved that they were able to endure the fatigues of the campaign. Lieutenant Nichols made an excellent guide. All the way from Cheatin's to the Colorado is nearly of the same character, being for the most part over gravel, with intervals of alluvial bottom land. From San Bernardino it is without a hill, except one point

