
Camp Latham, under Colonel Bowie, the headquarters of the district to be at that camp. A small train of wagons with indifferent mules can keep this command supplied from New San Pedro. Hay can here be got at a low figure if the contracts are let early, and wood at a fair price. The price of barley the quartermaster's department can control at San Francisco. I would post one company of the Fifth California Volunteer Infantry at San Diego. Let it have three six-mule teams to haul wood, &amp;c., and supply it with subsistence and barley from San Francisco. I would post two companies of the Second Infantry at Santa Barbara to have three six-mule teams for the hauling of water, wood, &c. to be supplied with subsistence, and with barley if necessary, by water from San Francisco. This in my opinion would be the best method of posting the troops, considered from every point of view. If during the summer months it becomes necessary for cavalry to move down on the Mojave, or up toward Owen's Lake, or in the direction of San Bernardino, or of Lower California, they can readily be detached temporarily from Camp Latham. This, however, is a contingency that will hardly arise.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 18, 1862

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to ask that I be furnished with the following amounts of money in coin (agreed on as not too large in amount by Captain Kirkham and myself) for the expedition, to be used only in the countries in advance of Fort Yuma. On this side of that place drafts or certified accounts will doubtless do as well. I require in coin for subsistence purposes at least $30,000. I require in coin for quartermaster's department at least $50,000. The coin should mostly be of a small denomination. Please have it transferred to First Lieutenant Lafayette Hammond, regimental quartermaster, First California Volunteer Infantry, as early as the 10th proximo.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 18, 1862.

Captain JOHN KELLOGG, U. S. Army,

Commissary of Subsistence, San Francisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN; You are aware that when the expedition leaves San Pedro it is to take on wagons, to last thence to the Colorado River, 48,000 rations of subsistence stores. I cannot tell at this moment what is on hand at that point, i. e., San Pedro, but you will see by returns in Major Drum's office how many troops are serving in this district; how many at Fort Yuma, including the political prisoners and add to the force here 200 teamsters. Please, therefore, see that the supply at San

