
Pedro and Fort Yuma is adequate to the anticipated wants. I trust you will not require a formal requisition to this end, as a few thousand rations more at either point than absolute requirements might demand now will be needed before the summer is over.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 18, 1862.

Major D. FERGUSSON,

First Cavalry California Volunteers,

Commanding at Camp Carleton, near San Bernardino:

MAJOR: The colonel commanding directs as follows: That should Major Rigg call upon you for re-enforcements, and you have not sufficient public transportation you will hire it; that you send 100 pairs of infantry trousers to Camp Wright by the train which comes out with the one now on the road from San Pedro to Camp Carleton, and that you be sure and send by the train now en route for Camp Wright, and which will pass your post in three or four days, the tents belonging to Captain Mead's company. If Lieutenant Wellman has not taken all the property and animals belonging to the Showalter party to San Pedro, send the remainder to him without delay. The colonel commanding also directs that if upon a close inquiry, you find that it was the fault of Captain Fritz or Lieutenant Guirado that a general prisoner escaped from the party under Captain Fritz's command marching hence to Camp Carleton, arrest either or both of those officers and put charges against him or them. You will send out a party to repair the road toward Temecula, through a canon, starting from Negro Ranch toward Temecula, to save the detour made by Veck's train. This party should be under the charge of an efficient officer. You will so arrange it without delay that all the teams belonging to Camp Wright shall return to that post laden with barley, to remain there, and that all of the teams which belong to your camp return to your camp and remain there, except when you want them to haul your own supplies. The result of this will be that Colonel West will have his own fourteen teams to haul his own barley with. (Send the foregoing paragraph quoted, in a letter from yourself to Colonel West.) If you find it necessary feed your horses on diminished rations, but not your mules. The colonel commanding also directs that the secession man in your neighborhood whom the soldier struck over the head with a pistol, and whose name will be made known to you by Doctor Dickey, you will cause to be arrested and held in confinement until further orders, and report to these headquarters the result. Inclosed herewiase find charges and specifications against men in your command. Investigate these matters carefully, have such of the men tried by a garrison court as the nature of their cases will permit; such others as it may be necessary to try before a general court you will have charges drawn up against them in proper shape and forward them to these headquarters. You will send by return trains all the quartermaster's property which has accumulated in your camp and which will not be needed in the field, for storage, to New San Pedro. Direct and invoice to First Lieutenant George D. French, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster, Camp Drum, near New San Pedro, Cal. You will send

