
to Captain McAllister, at Benicia Arsenal, such ordnance and ordnance stores on hand as you do not need for field service. The 8,000 rifle cartridges you can turn over to the quartermaster at New San Pedro after you have received and armed all your companies with the Sharps carbines. Your leather you will want. You will send all spare clothing and camp and garrison EQUIPAGE to Camp Wright, if it is fit for service; otherwise send it to New San Pedro. Finally, the colonel commanding desires that you so divest your camp of all that will not be necessary for your men when they move, that when the order comes for you to start the site of Camp Carleton will be but a bare piece of ground.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant First Infty., California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

SAN BERNARDINO, CAL. February 18, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON.

First Regiment California Volunteers,

Commanding Southern District of California:

SIR: The undersigned having reason to believe that the troops now stationed near this place are about to be withdrawn, and have not been able to learn that others would be sent to replace them, deem it a duty to address you on this subject. As it is well known to yourself and others that we have labored since the commencement of difficulty in California faithfully in support of the Union cause, actuated solely by patriotic motives, and we desire at this time to make known to you the actual state of society here in order that means may be provided for the protection of lives and property of Union men and to maintain here last fall the organized bands of secessionists apparently dispersed, and their leaders left for the upper country for the purposes of avoiding arrest as traitors and urging on this secession business in different portions of this State, Samuel Kelsey, their captain, among the number. Since the arrival of the troops here secession proclivities have been suppressed except in cases of reported successes of the rebel army, upon which occasions there have been strong expressions of heart-felt satisfaction, together with repeated cheers for Jeff. Davis. But within the last few days a marked change has been made manifest among the secessionists here by increased number arriving in town, secret consultations in different parts of the town from morning till night expresses, insulting Union men, &amp;c. There is evidently a move of some kind on foot, the nature of which we have been unable to ascertain. Several days since Mr. James Leonard was on the Mojave and reports having been twenty-two armed secessionists and conversed with them, and reports them gentlemen in appearance and bearing, and well outfitted. One said: "A year will not pass before you will live under the finest government the world ever saw, from the Southern Confederacy. " Two days ago Samuel Kelsey suddenly came in town. We are unable to ascertain how he came, or where he came from; we above mentioned party or a similar one. Kelsey is now engaged with his secession confederates, who from some cause appear to be regaining their former confidence, and are more free to express their antipathy toward the Federal Government. The secessionists as a class are wholly destitute of moral principle, and are destitute of means, many

