
of them characterized as desperadoes. It is the decided opinion of the observing Union men here that, in anticipation of the removal of the troops, Kelsey and others are engaged in reorganizing these secessionists, and upon the withdrawal of the troops a blow will be struck here, for the purpose of procuring of animals, provisions, clothing, &amp;c. This locality has been and will continue to be the rendezvous for the secessionists. And there are a portion of the county officers were cannot rely upon or place any dependence in whatever. And without military protection we have no protection at all. Not knowing the intention of the commander of the department in regard to keeping troops here, but knowing the state of affairs in this community so well, we deem it a duty we owe to our families and to the Union men in this vicinity to earnestly request that one or two companies may be stationed here. Should you be unable to comply with this request will you be so kind as to forward this letter to General Wright?

With sincere wishes for your success, we have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servants,

A. D. BOREN,

County Judge.

DUDLEY R. DICKEY.

C. E. BENNETT.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAMP CARLETON.

Near San Bernardino, February 19, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded to the colonel commanding the District of Southern California, with the remark that the lives and property of the few patriotic citizens of this place will certainly be endangered if left to the majority of the citizens, who are a disgrace and a reproach to human nature, regarding no law, either human or divine. Troops are absolutely necessary, in my opinion, to suppress open treason and preserve even a show of peace.

D. FERGUSSON.

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS CAMP CARLETON.

Near San Bernardino, Cal., February 19, 1862.

Colonel J. H. CARLETON.

Commanding District of Southern California, Los Angeles:

COLONEL: I inclose herewith a deposition made by Dr. H. G. Whitlock, a resident of San Bernardino, revealing a secession plot which, were it not for the timely arrival of troops in this section, would, according to Whitlock's account, and that of other persons deemed trustworthy, have been put into execution. The contents of the affidavits were made known to me in conversation previous to my having them deposed to. That part of your instructions in the letter of the 18th relating to the arrest of the "man whom the soldier struck on the head with a pistol" will be fully attended to. I made a detail of Lieutenant Barrett and one non-commissioned officer and nine men to perform the service last night, but the night was so stormy, rainy, and dark that on account of their not being acquainted with the road I delayed sending the party. I understand the man's name who was struck by the soldier is Chriswell, living about nine miles from here; but there is another man who struck a soldier over the head with a pistol, named William Rhodes,

