
who was a warrant out against him, and is supposed to be secreted in Chriswell's house. As there is some confusion existing in regard to the "man who the soldier struck" and the man that was 'struck by the soldier, " and both are equally guilty, I shall take both if I find them, and await your orders. Transportation will be hired as authorized by you if re-enforcements are called for by Major Rigg, provided it is required. On inquiry I cannot find anything on which to base charges against Captain Fritz or Lieutenant Guirado for the escape of the general prisoner. A general laxity and want of a realizing sense of the necessity of strict discipline probably pervades the volunteer service which causes cases of this kind to occur, so as to make it impossible to trace the neglect to one person who can be made responsible.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant

D. FERGUSSON.

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] Statement of Dr. H. G. Whitlock.

About the 1st of July, 1861, I became aware of a marked change of affairs in the mines-the arrival of many gentlemen, in appearance, with the apparent business of mining, but none of them engaged in mining or bought shares, as shown by the records, nor appeared to even examine the localities in the vicinity of Bear and Holcomb Valleys- and my observation being particularly attracted to this state of affairs by so many strangers (probably 250 men) in a short time, I overheard remarks indicating a Southern proclivity and feeling, and also from one or two remarks unguardedly made by a mining acquaintance while he was under the influence of intoxicating liquor, my suspicions were aroused that there were combinations of designing men for purposes inimical to peace and good order. I stated my suspicions to Mr. C. E. Bennett, who arrived in the mines just at that time, and after careful consideration it was deemed advisable that I should go and join this society, sect, or whatever it might be. I then went to this mining acquaintance and expressed a desire to co-operate with him and his confederates. He intimated that it was composed of men of Southern birth and feelings and men friendly to the cause of the South; designated the place of rendezvous; the time was late in the night. I repaired at the time fixed to the place appointed and was presented with the copy of an oath I would be required to take-so binding nothing less than being shot for betraying the secrets of this secret order. It caused me to hesitate, and I turned back and told Mr. Bennett what I had learned. After deliberation and a careful consideration of the imperative necessity of knowing fully the plans of these designing men in order to frustrate them, and as my grandfather fell in defense of his country at Fort Erie, and my father was severely wounded at Buffalo, N. Y. and an uncle killed in the service of his country, I deemed it my duty, if necessary to had so nobly bequeathed to us. And the next night I went and joined this secret body-this secession corps, as it proved to be-to reveal their plans and plots and to frustrate the objects of their organization. In order that no shadow of a charge of traitor to my country should ever rest against my name, I asked Mr. Bennett to confide the whole matter to Dr. D. R. Dickey and A. D. Boren, county judge, men of fidelity and strong in their support of the Union cause. I then learned that there were similar lodges or clubs in all or nearly every town in the

