
lower half of the State, and these strangers were representatives from all parts of the State to decide on a plan of operations by which the whole should be governed. They held meetings nightly and increased in numbers fast. I recollect in one day or night twenty-two new members joined. Mr. Bennett visited men repeatedly, coming from San Bernardino, where he resided to procure all the information I would be able to give him concerning their numbers, meetings, plans, &amp;c., and as soon as I joined wrote to General Sumner and the officers at Los Angeles. It was finally settled that these representatives should return to their respective theaters of operations and report, that as soon as all could be in readiness a general and simultaneous blow should be struck at the same hour to commence, which was to be midnight, to strike well. The Union men were to be spotted or marked, their names, places of residence, the property in their possession its value and place of deposit, and all who were not for them were to be considered their enemies; that Northern men, or Union, men as they were styled in the North, were attacking Southern men and destroying their property in the East, and this body- this secession organization - claimed their right, urged it as their duty to retaliate here for the wrongs and oppression they urged the South was suffering east of the Rocky Mountains; with specious reasoning convinced the ignorant and depraved. In short, they determined to kill all Union men, take the principal part of the spoils, and if unable to hold their own in the lower portion of the State to send the plunder and spoils ahead and organize in this vicinity and follow, and they would get away before it would or could be possible to organize and follow them, and they would go to Sonora and operate from there under General A. S. Johnston, who, it was arranged would precede them. Their murderous plans were defeated by General Sumner sending four companies of infantry here, and subsequently cavalry. Fearing that the troops would not arrive in time, myself, Doctor Dickey, Judge Boren and Mr. Bennett decided that Mr. Bennett proceed as fast as possible to San Francisco to urge the immediate transit of troops for this place. Mr. Bennett left Holcomb Valley Saturday morning, and Wednesday night arrived on the overland in San Francisco, and the troops barely got here in time. A man named Brown from Sacramento was a very influential man in this bloodthirsty business. Samuel Kelsey was another leader, and urged on this matter to a consummation. He was a captain. William Ferguson, or Bill Ferguson, as he is called, and Bell or Beal were hand in hand with Kelsey in their treason, wishes, and labors. J. C. Bogert (now senator) was not a particle behind either of the above name din guilt. He used his influence, he used his time, he used his talents like the others to urge on this scene of carnage and ruin; to overpower the authorities and carry out the intentions to the letter of this party. A man named Bettis and his wife rendered themselves conspicuous among these traitors by their determined perseverance to carry out the schemes of this secession club. John Evertson and his brother weluential; also Joe Ferguson, Farnsworth, Beard, McCoy all worked to the same end faithfully. Kelsey stated in court he was captain of a band of secessionists and he testified to clear a man charged with stealing a horse or horses that he took the horses in obedience to his orders, in obeying his superior officer. I have seen commissions made out by Kelsey purporting to give rank as first lieutenant and second lieutenant, under authority of the Southern Confederacy-commissions, he called them. Holcomb Valley was selected as the headquarters, and a few had gone into camp preparatory to the completion of the secession programme when affairs took a turn in favor of

