
APRIL 13 - SEPTEMBER 20, 1862. - Expedition from Southern California, through Arizona, to Northwestern Texas and New Mexico.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General George Wright, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Pacific.

Numbers 2. - Brigadier General James H. Carleton, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 3. - Lieutenant Colonel Edward E. Eyre, First California Cavalry.

Numbers 4. - Captain Thomas L. Roberts, First California Infantry.

Numbers 5. - Captain John C. Cremony, Second California Cavalry.

Numbers 6. - Major Theodore A. Coult, Fifth California Infantry, commanding Fort Bowie.

Numbers 7. - Surg. James N. McNulty, U. S. Army, acting medical inspector.

Numbers 1.

Report of Brigadier General George Wright, U. S. Army, Commanding Department of Pacific.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, August 13, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a communication received at these headquarters from Brigadier-General Carleton, commanding "Column from California," dated at Tucson, Ariz., July 22, 1862; also copies of the several communications from Lieutenant Colonel E. E. Eyre, commanding First Cavalry California Volunteers, dated at Fort Thorn, on the Rio Grande, on the 6th, 8th, and 14th of July, 1862; also copy of General Carleton's Order, Numbers 10, issued at Tucson on the 17th of July. These documents will fully inform the Department of the movements of our forces in Arizona, and the accomplishment of all that I proposed to do in my communication addressed to you on the 9th of December, 1861. Much praise is due to Brigadier-General Carleton and the officers and men of his command for their indefitigable exertions and patient endurance of hardship while marching through a country intersected by numerous deserts where no water was to be found. Success has thus far attended all our movements. Colonel Connor, Third Infantry California Volunteers, commanding the troops on the Overland Mail Route, is now moving east from Fort Churchill with seven companies of his own regiment and three companies of the Second Cavalry under Colonel Sims. Quiet prevails in the District of Oregon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2.

Reports of Brigadier General James H. Carleton, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Fort Barrett, Pina Villages, Ariz., May 25, 1862.

MAJOR: The advance guard of this column, under Lieutenant Colonel Joseph R. West, First California Volunteer Infantry, took possession of Tucson,

