
law and order. To enumerate the principal individuals, viz: J. C. Bogert, Samuel Kelsey, Bill Ferguson, Joe Ferguson, Beal or Bell, the two Evertsons, Bettis and wife, Beard (who is a justice of the peace now in the mines). Just before the arrival of the troops it was suspected in the mines by some means that I was betraying them, and I had to leave in the night and arrived safely in San Bernardino, where I have lived since. I was afraid to return to my business in the mines. Efforts were made by the secessionists to induce me to leave town with different individuals at different times, but I have succeeded thus far in escaping injury. The secessionists are still leagued together, but now I am unable to learn anything from them.

H. G. WHITLOCK

Sworn and subscribed to before me, the undersigned at Camp Carleton, near San Bernardino, Cal., this 19th day of February, 1862.

D. FERGUSSON.

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers/.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP WRIGHT,Oak Grove, San Diego County, Cal., February 19, 1862

Lieutenant BEN. C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Southern California, Los Angeles:

I regret to have inform you that all of Company A, First Infantry California Volunteers, with the exception of the non-commissioned officers and one private, refused to obey the order this morning to "drill with knapsacks on. " There are twelve men in the guard-house now for the same offense, and with over one-half the command in a state of mutiny I have not deemed it judicious to endeavor to enforce authority, being fearful that little reliance can be placed upon the remainder to that end. In fact, this refusal to do duty amounts to a demoralization of the whole command: the scepter of authority being once cast down, no dependence can be placed upon any order being obeyed. Drills must be suspended because orders to "drill with knapsacks on" cannot be carried into effect, and I have no discretion in the premises. Company G (Captain Greene) so far do their duty manfully, but I cannot but conclude that it is now a matter of option with them also. I have to request early instructions from district headquarters int he premises.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, February 19, 1862.

Colonel J. H. CARLETON.

Commanding Southern District, Los Angeles, Cal.:

COLONEL: Your letter per Mr. Jones was received to-day. * He will be ready to proceed on his journey to-morrow. I had anticipated your instructions to have the brush and undergrowth cleared off around the fort. I had commenced cutting down the trees on the north side of the fort when the overflow stopped it. The brush on the north side of the fort when the overflow stopped it. The brush on the south and

---------------

*See Carleton to Rigg, February 12, p. 861.

---------------

