
only on parole not to leave until I gave him permission), when I gave permission to the wagon to start. I then had Mr. Kilbride confined (after taking his statement) and sent Lieutenant Mitchell out with his invoices, and overhauled him to see that nothing but provisions were in the wagon, which proved to be the case. He also carried instructions to Kilbride's driver from him to proceed on the mine and say to Mr. Clymer that he would follow in a short time, and to get through as fast as possible. I was satisfied that Mr. Clymer had no provisions in hand of any kind, and was suffering for them; that he was our friend, and was acting as such in forwarding information, &amp;c., and in addition to that, if I stopped the team with the animals-six in the wagon and eight more that were saved from the flood making fourteen in all - I would have to feed them. After reflecting upon all the circumstances, I concluded to send Mr. Clymer his wagon and provisions. The driver will not know of Kilbride's arrest until he gets home. I have been minute about this matter, because I was taking a responsibility that might not meet with your approbation, though I trust it may. I have confined Kilbride in a separate apartment from the other political prisoners, not wishing any comparing of notes from different directions. The expressman who started simultaneously with Mr. Jones has not yet arrived- 2 a. m. 20th. Your instructions shall be executed in reference to expressman. Buckner, the man who came with Captain McCleave, is supposed to be in confinement. He left on the morning of the 18th at 3 o'clock. He arrived here in the evening, and was brought in by the guard. I would say to the colonel commanding that Mr. White does not place much confidence in Mr. Warner at Tucson, although Mr. Hinton and Hooper do. Mr. Warner does not know that my messenger, was sent by the commanding officer at this post. He was Mr. Hinton's messenger to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. RIGG,

Major First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 20, 1862

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Since the 10th instant nothing of importance has transpired in this department. The weather has been fair and the roads are improving very fast. The troops are in good order, and those destined for the southern district have mostly reached their destination. Colonel Carleton is at Los Angeles making preparations to advance as soon as the roads are practicable for wagons. I have no late news from the north, but when I last heard from that quarter all was peace and quiet. In this State we have peace, but I cannot say that we are very quiet. For a few days past the glorious news of victory upon victory which the wires have flashed across the continent has created the wildest delight and enthusiasm I have ever witnessed. Your telegraphic communication to Marshal Rabe, dated on the 18th and addressed to me in cipher, was received at 10 p. m. same day, and yesterday morning I translated and placed it in the hands of the marshal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

