
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 6. San Francisco, Cal. February 20, 1862.

Amidst the universal rejoicing of the patriotic and Union-loving people on the Pacific Coast, incident to the brilliant victories achieved by they Arm and Navy of the United States, let us pause for a moment to do honor to the memory of the chief of that illustrious band of patriots who established the liberties for the preservation of which we are now battling. The 22nd of the present month being the 130th anniversary of the birth of Washington, will be duly celebrated by the Army of the Pacific. All labor will cease during the day, and at meridian a salute of 130 guns will be fired from Alcatraz Island.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, Cal. February 20, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON.

First Infantry California Volunteers,Commanding District of Southern California, Los Angeles:

SIR: The general commanding the department regrets to find that a feeling of dissatisfaction has grown up between yourself and the quartermaster (Captain Moore) assigned to your headquarters. Your instructions to Captain Moore contain nothing to which the general can properly take exception, and it is possible that they are only felt as grievance by the captain for the reason that it has been customary to leave such matters generally in the hands and at the discretion of the quartermaster. The general trusts that everything may go on harmoniously. Should it prove to the contrary, you will have to assign Captain Moore to a position at the headquarters of the district and provide a substitute for his staff duties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General,
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,

Los Angeles, Cal. February 20, 1862

Major DAVID FERGUSSON,

First Cavalry California Volunteers,

Commanding at Camp Carleton, near San Bernardino, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have received your letter of the 18th instant (with its inclosure) in relation to a man in your neighborhood named Samuel Kelsey, of whom it is alleged that he is a secessionist and an active enemy of the Government of the United States. Question the parties who make these statements very closely, and if you are then satisfied that they make them solely on the merits of the case, and to subserve no sinister ends and to gratify no private piques or personal animosities, then arrest and hold securely until further orders the said Samuel Kelsey. Should a writ of habeas corpus be served upon you to show cause why you hold him you will return upon that writ that you hold him by my order. But under no circumstances must you obey said writ until the general commanding the department has decided upon the case. You must be aware that you are surrounded by a nes

