
of designing men, and it will be well to be on your guard against being imposed upon our against your credulity being taxed too far by one party as against another. You are at liberty to send Captain Fritz with thirty good men over to Lane's on the Mojave to arrest the secessionists reported as being in that neighborhood. Let him take eight days' rations of subsistence. He can doubtless get barley and hay of Lane. Give him sealed orders, not to be opened until he gets to Lane's. In these instruct him very carefully what to do. He is not at all reticent. His men need only know they are to march. Unless you take these precautions, and send the party by night, runners will carry intelligence of your movements by trails across the mountains in advance of the party. Issue more hay and less barley to your horses until Fritz's return. Then report to me what your prospects for forage are.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUT

Los Angeles, Cal., February 20, 1862

Major E. A. RIGG,First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding at Fort Yuma:

MAJOR: The paymaster will be at your post with funds to pay the troops in the month of March. I am anxious to know the exact condition of your defenses; whether the 12-pounders have been received and are in position and whether you have ammunition for them before that is received which goes by Veck's train. That you keep yourself in a state of preparation for immediate action and have spies and scouts to give you timely notice of the approach of an enemy, I can have no doubt. Much is expected from yourself and your command. The eyes of California are resting upon you. If you are attacked, a successful defense will give you all immense credit not only here but throughout the country. The Mojave expedition will not be delayed on account of the rebel forces reported as being in Arizona. Troops will move from here across the desert direct upon that route as soon as transportation can be gotten. Have all your packs in readiness, so that when your mules come you can move up the Colorado with a part of your present garrison if necessary. Can you get any Indian guides from your post to the Mojave Villages?

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON

Colonel First California Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,

Fort Yuma, February 20, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON.

Commanding Southern District, Los Angeles, Cal.:

COLONEL: The steamer Cocophan has made another trip to the mouth of the River Colorado and back. Captain Wilcox reports no news of the guns shipped by the steamer Republic for this post by way of Guaymas. It is nearly certain now that some accident has occurred to them. No charges having been received here up to this date, I have released Lieutenant A. B. MacGowan from arrest and ordered him to duty

