
with his company. I reported to you by way of San Bernardino, in charge of a sergeant of Captain McCleave's company, whom he desired to send back, return of ordnance and ordnance stores on hand on the 15th day of February. The sergeant and corporal left here at 4. 30 p. m. 18th instant. The colonel's order, in letter dated February 8, and received on the 15th, will be carefully obeyed to the letter, as well as all others contained in the same. Mr. Jones arrived here to-day. He made the trip in six days from Los Angeles. If relays were placed on that route, say, an animal at Rancheria Dos Palmas (100 miles from the post), Rancheria Toro (150 miles from the post), Agua Caliente (28 miles farther on), Chapin Ranch (25 miles) an express could be sent into Los Angeles in three days. Such is the opinion of Captain McCleave First Cavalry California Volunteers, also Lieutenant Nichols, First Cavalry California Volunteers. Mr. Jones reports four men between him and Captain McCleave's command. I will endeavor to find them. I sent Captain McCleave this morning to where hay was stacked for the Government above Gila City, near Mission Camp, with instructions to leave a guard of seven men at that point. Lieutenant Nichols by my order accompanied Mr. Yager, to look for grass. He returned this last evening, and reports having found an abundance for several hundred animals. I think, however, that they found the same grass that Captain McCleave and myself discovered. I will see it myself in a few days, so that there will be no mistake about localities. Captain Smith, Company A, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, has notified me that he will report fifty men of his company for duty at this post on the return of the steamer Cocopah, which will be about the 23rd instant. The balance of his company will remain to protect Government stores at the Gridiron and do escort duty on the boat passing up and down the river. Captain Wilcox assures me that he will have all of the stores at the post within ten days from this date, unless the balance of the Republic's cargo should arrive in the meantime.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG

Major First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT CAVALRY OREGON VOLS.,Portland, Oreg., February 20, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In reporting to you the progress of raising a regiment of volunteer cavalry in this State, it is due to myself to state the reason which has prevented my reporting sooner, and which also prevents at this time the forwarding of the official returns of the regiment, and that is high water and the continued severity of the winter, which have prevented communication with the different parts of the State for the past two months. By the 1st of next month I hope to be able to forward all rolls, reports, &amp;c., of companies organized. By arrangement of parties commissioned to raise the regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Maury, in the southern portion of the State, has raised two full companies, which are now in camp near Jacksonville. He is confident of raising two more companies by the 1st of May. B. F. Harding mustering officer in charge of the central part of the State, has raised one full company, which is now at Salem, Oreg. Mr. Harding, as elsewhere advised, has been obliged to resign

