
his position in the regiment. I charge of the northern part of the State, I have organized three companies, one at The Dalles, of forty men, which, for the want of funds and the difficulty of procuring supplies for them as recruits, I ordered to be mustered in with a first lieutenant in commad, and ordered him to report to the commanding officer at Fort Dalles, where his company is performing garrison duty and is supplied at the post. I pursued the same course with the company recruited at this place, who reported at Fort Vancouver.

The other company in stationed at Camp Barlow, near Oregon City.

These companies are recruiting steadily, and will doubtless be full by the 1st of May, by which time I think the regiment will consist of eight upon the commander of the Department of the Pacific for clothing, arms and garrison EQUIPAGE for the regiment, also for funds for the recruiting service, the want of which has retarded enlistments. In absence of further orders from the War Department, I shall, as soon as the weather will permit, establish a camp in the central portion of the State, where I shall assemble all companies, except those raised in Southern Oregon, which will remain under Lieutenant-Colonel Maury, at Camp Baker, near Jacksonville. The object will be for drill and instruction, and the difficulty of obtaining forage will render it necessary for the animals to be where they can graze. The quartermaster of the regiment has this day forwarded estimates for funds which I trust will be forwarded immediately. The great losses which the citizens of this State have suffered from the floods and severe winter render those who are willing unable to furnish supplies without the certainty of prompt payment. The mines north and east of this place are bringing a large immigration from California, providing a ready market for more than the country now affords, which will render it extremely necessary that he should be provided with funds to contract for supplies at fair rates.

I remain, yours, very respectfully,

T. R. CORNELIUS,

Colonel First Regiment Cavalry Oregon Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

Los Angeles, Cal., February 21, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WEST,

First Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding at Camp Wright, San Diego County, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 19th instant in relation to the refusal of certain privates in Company A, First Infantry California Volunteers, to carry their knapsacks on drill. I have always regarded that company as one of the finest I have ever seen in service-one of the first I should have chosen to follow me into any battle where the integrity of the country or the glory of the flag was to be maintained; so you can judge how greatly I have been disappointed. It is hardly possible that it is a settled purpose on the part of that whole company to set military authority at defiance and constitute itself a judge of what shall be done and what not. The men are intelligent men, and can at once see to what all this would tend. Nor can it be possible the men refuse to obey orders for the purpose of remaining behind to gain by the delays incident to a trial before a general court-martial immunity from the fatigues of a hard march and from the danger of facing an enemy. The men are

