
hardy and brave and patriotic; such a thought, therefore, would be injust to them. Now, the infantry require the soldiers of that arm to drill with knapsacks on at quickstep, and even at the run. To accustom them to this weight, to carry out and perfect the mint heir instruction, was one purpose of General Orders, No. 3., requiring the First Infantry, my own regiment, to drill with knapsacks on. Another purpose was this, and I want the soldiers, to know it; We are about to commence a movement with limited means of transportation over a desert country. Unless the soldiers carry their knapsacks at the commencement of the march, it will be impossible to transport a sufficiency of food, of ammunition, of clothing or of hospital stores. So the purpose of the expedition will have to be abandoned or the men, like good soldiers, must be willing to sacrifice personal convience for a short time to attain an important object. Read all this to those men. Read the Articles of War to them. Remind them of their oaths. Give them one hour to reflect on the unhappy consequences of such conduct. Let them see how unworthy it is of them as soldiers, how degrading themselves as men, how much it reflects upon their company and regiment, how disgraceful it is to California to the flag to the country. If, then, any one man amongst them does not feel ashamed of such conduct, and feel willing to obey orders promptly and cheerfully, the only alternative left is to have that man at once mustered out of the service without pay. The country has a plenty of soldiers, and California has enough of them even here, who stand ready to take his place and obey orders. Depend on that. I have taken some pains to explain this matter, and have exercised a forbearance in the case unusual in our profession, because I feel an attachment to the men of my regiment, and I do not wish to see them dishonor the flag or disgrace themselves if I can help it. But I leave the issue toonfident that the determination to which they will come, after a sober second thought, will be such as to cause them no regrets hereafter. There is one thing they can count upon: The colors of the First Infantry of California will go forward, even though every man in the regiment but one refuses to go with them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 21, 1862

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters, with the hope that the general will sustain my action in the premise, as well lack time now for the ordinary procedure by courts.

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 22, 1862

First Lieutenant JOHN B. SHINN.

Commanding Light Company A, Third Artillery,

Camp Drum, New San Pedro, Cal.:

LIEUTENANT: I am directed by the colonel commanding to say if you have not already done so y, you will report for duty with your company to Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, commanding at Camp Drum. The

