
colonel commanding the district has great confidence in the belief which he entertains that you will leave no effort untried to put your horses into he best possible condition, and your battery generally into the best fighting trim, at the earliest practicable moment. To do this much is left to your discretion, and a great deal expected from your perseverance, industry, and energy.

I am, lieutenant, respectfully, &amp;c.,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infantry California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., February 24, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

First Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Dist. of Southern California, Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 18th instant, requesting to be furnished with money in coin for the expedition under your command, the general commanding the department directs me to say that your request will be complied with . The general directs that the headquarters of the District of Southern California will when you leave, be established at Camp Latham. The distribution of the troops in the district suggested in your letter is approved, except that the garrison of Fort Yuma still consists of three companies of infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS CAMP WRIGHT,Oak Grove, San Diego County, Cal., February 24, 1862

Lieutenant BEN. C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General Dist, of Southern California Los Angeles:

I have received the letter of Colonel Carleton in reference to the men of Company A, First Infantry California Volunteers, who refused to carry their knapsacks on drill, and have followed the instructions therein contained. All have consented to obey the order with the exception of thirteen privates. How am I to construe the expression, "the only alternative left is to have that man (the disobedient) at once mustered out of the service without pay. " Is that an opinion as to what ought to be done, or an order to do it? I have put those men in the guard-house, and shall keep them for definite orders. Company G are now all willing to obey the order.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS CAMP WRIGHT,Oak Grove, San Diego County, Cal., February 24, 1862.

Lieutenant B. C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist of Southern California, Los Angeles:

I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of a communication from yourself dated 21st instant, and of one from the colonel commanding

