
the district of same date marked semi-official, relating to measures which he wishes adopted to bring the infantry now here and the cavalry company at Temecula together into one camp. An objection presents itself to removing the infantry from here, viz, the interest of the sick, who the surgeon considers would be much better off in the present adobe hospital than in a tent. Hence I shall wait until to-morrow to ascertain what success the acting assistant quartermaster has met in efforts to procure forage at San Luiss Rey for the cavalry. If he has been successful I shall move the cavalry up here; otherwise the infantry will be removed to a spot that affords good grazing. I cannot yet say whether I can supply Captains Roberts' and Ffrench's companies, nor can I yet determine how many companies of infantry and cavalry I can supply with my teams. I shall give these matters earnest attention at once and reply as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, February 24, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

MAJOR: By a ten days' tour of reconnaissance I have become convinced, first, that the statements made to me in respect to the Indians in Hoopa Valley were erroneous, and that it would be very unwise to attempt to remove them from their present settlements, where they are living in peace and amity with the whites; second, that to carry out the plan of operations suggested in my last letter to you it would require a force vastly larger than is now available on the Pacific Coast: third, that there is urgent need of the immediate establishment of posts in at least three different sections of this county for the protection of settlers. I have carefully selected the sites for these posts, and shall send out to occupy them three of the companies now here the moment I can obtain the necessary transportation, which will be about a week at furthest. These companies will be directed to keep continually in the field one-half of their effective strength for the purpose of capturing the Indians, who will all be sent to this post, from which they will be taken to such point as the department commander may direct. Being pressed for time, I will write more fully by next steamer. It is proper I should state, in justice to Captain Johns, commanding at Fort Gaston, that I inspected his post very thoroughly and found his command in a state of admirable discipline. There is no man in either Company F or Company K, Second Infantry California Volunteers, fit for the duty at hospital steward. As each of these companies is to garrison new post, I hope it will be possible to send me up two hospital stewards by next steamer. I am obliged to inclose more charges for a general court, several against men of my own regiment and one against Lieutenant Daley, Second Cavalry California Volunteers. If these charges are to be tried by the court already ordered, and addition of several members would be expedient, as after a few days but three out of the five members now at the post will be here. The judge-advocate also (Lieutenant Hubbard) will have left with his company. When the witnesses in the mutiny cases in Captain Akey's company

