
in this Territory, on the 20th instant, without firing a shot. All the secession troops who were in the Territory and all of the secessionists, so far as we can learn, have fled - the troops to the Rio Grande, the citizens to Sonora. Our arrival is hailed with great joy by all the people who remain. We shall doubltess be able to get some forage, flour, and beef, and perhaps sugar, from Sonora; but of this I will write you in detail from Tucson in a few days. A rumor comes from the Rio Grande that Sibley has met with a serious reverse.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

Major RICHARD C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.
HEADQUARTERS COLUM FROM CALIFORNIA,Tucson, Ariz., July 22, 1862.

MAJOR: In my letter to you, dated June 18, I informed you that I had sent Expressman John Jones, Sergeant Wheeling, of Company E, First California Volunteer Infantry, and a Mexican guide named Chavez, with communications for General Canby. These men started from Tucson on the evening of June 15. On the 18th they were attacked by a party of Apaches, and Sergeant Wheeling and the guide (Chavez) were killed, and Jones, almost by a miracle, succeeded in getting through the Indians, and after a hot pursuit on their part made out to reach the Rio Grande at a point known as Picacho, six miles above Mesilla. He was taken prisoner by the secessionists, who brought him before Colonel Steele (William Steele, late Second Draggons), who examined him, took his dispatches, and threw him into jail. He managed, however, to get word to General Canby that he was there and that the Column from California was readlly coming - a achievement that was considered absolutely impracticable. However, as soon as Steele ascertained this matter as a fact, hurried preparations were made to abandon the country. Meantime General Canby had sent a large force to Fort Craig to move on Mesilla as soon as transportation could be provided. A strong reconnoitering force, under Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre, left Tucson on June 21, and after a hard march arrived on the Rio Grande near Fort Thorn on July 4.

On the 5th this force occupied that work, it having been abandoned by the enemy. Here the colors were run up by the California troops. Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre was then re-enforced by a squadron of the Third U. S. Cavalry, and having constructed a raft and built a boat, was at the last advices about to cross the river to march on Fillmore and Fort Bliss, in Texas. Steele, meanwhile, had abandoned Mesilla and was making his way to Texas. The Mexican population was rising on every hand and were killing his men and running off his stock. Ift is said that Teel's battery, C. S. Army, the one taken from Canby at Valverde, had been attacked some thirty miles below Fort Bliss and taken by the people, who had hovered around it to the number of 1,500. It was believed that neither Steele nor Teel would ever reach Texas. Sibley and Colonel Reily had fallen back on Texas in May, leaving Steele with what was considered force enough to hold Arizona. All this news came last night. It was brought by Captain McCleave, who had been exchanged for two lieutenants, one of whom was Steele's

