
have arrived here from Fort Seward, which will be in about ten days, the court will be ready to commence business, and Lieutenant Hubbard, if he has already left, can be recalled.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Infty., California Vols., Commanding Humboldt, Mil. Dist.

FORT HUMBOLDT, February 24, 1862.

Mr. J. A. HAMILTON, Mendocino City:

(Care of L. Woodward, Esq., Postmaster.)

SIR: The colonel commanding the district directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 6th. Your application for a detachment of twenty men to be stationed at Shelter Cove cannot be acceded with at present. The policy the colonel commanding has found it necessary to adopt throughout the district has compelled him to refuse all similar applications. As soon as practicable he will make a tour of inspection and reconnaissance in your section of the country, and now thinks it highly probable that a new post of an entire company on or near Eel River at no great distance from Shelter Cove. When this is done you may rely on receiving such protection as you may need.

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN HANNA, JR.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 24, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS R. CORNELIUS,

First Regiment Cavalry:

COLONEL: I have received authority from the War Department, dated 18th ultimo, to modify the instructions given to you on the 24th of September last, so as to include only four companies, should I deem the best interests of the service to require it. Under the authority thus conferred on me, you will please to perfect the organization of six companies of your regiment, according to the plan indicated. The remaining four companies will not be organized until further orders. The music for your regiment will be confined to two buglers for each company. The organization of bands for volunteer regimens is suspended for the present. I have given orders for the manufacture of clothing for your regiment, which with the necessary camp and garrison equipage, will be forwarded as soon as practicable. Please forward immediately to department headquarters a complete return of your regiment, embracing the names of all officers, whether appointed by the War Department or yourself and hereafter furnish a similar return on the 10th and 20th and last days of each month.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

