HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 26, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WEST,

First Infantry California Vols., Commanding at Camp Wright, Cal.:

COLONEL: Lieutenant Cutler has sent you some blank muster-rolls and will send you some blank monthly company returns. The other blanks you will be obliged to rule. He sends you six blank post returns, to be used monthly. The returns for every ten days you must rule, as we do. I shall send you a traveling forge and some shoeing tools to-morrow. Major Fergusson has been ordered to furnish you with some horse and mule shoes and some horseshoe nails. Have good supply of coal burned by some men on extra duty, quartermaster's department laborers so that you can do whatever blacksmith work may be required now or within four weeks. I have ordered that all your wagons be returned to you, so that you can move your camp where grass is to be found. The condition of the roads forbids sending barley from New San Pedro. You are fortunate in getting food from that point. If you have no use for Mead's company, and the horses of that company are likely to become poor from lack of good grazing (cavalry cannot always get grain-I have been six months at a time without it for my company) send that company to report to the headquarters First Cavalry California Volunteers. By having the horses graze all day and by cutting and hauling hay by fatigue parties to feed at night, your animals will not fall off much if you intermit the mounted drills. Have all your troops together where you can find grass at some point on the road hence to Fort Yuma, and at the same time within thirty miles of Oak Grove. You are left to the exercise of a sound discretion on this point, so you keep in view what is best for your horses and mules. The men having yourself for a commander will do as well in one place as in another. My time is so much occupied by my public duties here, it is necessary for you to rely upon your acknowledged resources to keep your command in the most efficient condition practicable, having at the same time an eye to economy, as well as to all things which may advance the enterprise.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 25, 1862.

Major E. A. RIGG,

First Infantry California Vols., Commanding at Fort Yuma, Cal.:

MAJOR; I have directed Major Fergusson to send, via Warner's ranch, to Fort Yuma the remainder of McCleave's cavalry. Major Fergusson will inform you how many men and how many horses and mules will be in the detachment. As the major has not means of transportation to move supplies of food and grain for this detachment all they way through, you will send as much as he may require for four days out upon the road toward San Felipe to meet the detachment. The major will write to you just when the supplies should leave Fort Yuma. There must be no mistake made in this matter. Neither the men nor animals must suffer for want of food the last four days of their journey before they arrive at your post. Be ca already cut. Try and have cut by the troops, and hauled out upon the road near or

