
above where the other was stacked which was washed away, as much hay as can be got for the next four weeks. McCleave has many resources, and he will manage to keep his horses fat if you will give him the tools. I am glad you found so much grass. I was fearful the flood had ruined all the grazing. Have you heard any rumors of Judge Terry? I hope ere this the guns have reached you.

In haste, respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First Cavalry Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE. - Have made at once by your carpenters two water-wagon beds to go on the running-gear of wagons, such as are used at military posts. McCleave knows what they are. I believe the one here holds, the weigh they have to carry, and should not leak one drop. Each should have a hose to let off the water as needed. I shall need them between Carriso Creek and Yuma.

J. H. C.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., February 25, 1862.

Major DAVID FERGUSSON.

First Cavalry California Volunteers.

Commanding at Camp Carleton, San Bernardino:

MAJOR: If you cannot get forage at San Bernardino you are at liberty to move your command to the point on the San Gabriel alluded to in your letter of the 22nd instant. I want the remainder of Captain McCleave's company sent to Fort Yuma. The captain thinks the men had better come via Warner's ranch. If you can, so arrange it that those men can go with the amount of transportation and forage afforded by the four teams ordered to your camp from Los Angeles yesterday . See that the mules are well shod and the detachment started at once. You cannot get forage at camp Wright for the horses of Company A, but can get rations for the men thence to Yuma. Send 10,000 rounds of Sharps carbine ball cartridges and 5,000 rounds Colt pistol cartridges, navy size, with the detachment. You will have to do some close figuring to get this detachment safely to Yuma, with your limited means, but I leave to your own resources the best manner of doing it. Company property and the private effects of the men not needed in the field can be shipped, carefully boxed up and marked, to San Pedro. Other articles, save the ammunition alluded to and food and forage which the men can get along temporarily without, but which they will need at Yuma, or when marching up the Colorado to the Mojave Villages, you can send to Camp Wright by some subsequent opportunity after the detachment leaves and when you can get wagons. If the officers who go with the men are enterprising, and the men good, enterprising soldiers, to spare their horses, you can have forage sacks filled, so that each horse will carry his own food for several days. Order Captain Thomas Cox, of the First Infantry California Volunteers, to accompany but not to command, this party. You can give him a mule for transportation if he has not got one, and room for a valise on the wagons. The help you out I inclose a note* which you can send by the trail through the San Gorgonio Pass to Major Rigg to send out some forage and rations to meet the detachment say four days'

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

