
march from Fort Yuma upon the desert on the stage road which leads from San Felipe to Fort Yuma. You can write to him a note telling him how many men and animals there will be en route which will be in need of those supplies, and just when to start the supplies. This will diminish your command to two companies. You will then have more provisions than you will want. Haul none of this away, except enough to last until you can replenish your supply from San Pedro, but send it all to Camp Wright. If you have not wagons to do this let me know. This will require some nice figuring also. Send Calvin M. Chriswell and Samuel Kelsey (if you have him) to Fort Yuma by the detachment of McCleave's cavalry. You may be able to move a part of your command at a time. This is left to your discretion. I count on your good judgment in executing this matter to the best interests of the service. As along as you can stay in your present camp without detriment to your animals you are at liberty to remain. I am anxious to get the horses and mules in the most serviceable order in the least possible time.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE. - I have written to West that if he cannot provide for Mead's company to send it to you.

J. H. C.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., February 26, 1862.

His Excellency LELAND STANFORD,

Governor of State of California, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have this day received from Lieutenant-Colonel De Russy, chief of engineers on this coast, his report and recommendation for defensive works to guard the approaches to this city both my land and sea. * Colonel De Russy's report embraces many facts which ought not to be made public at this time, and I do not feel at liberty to place it in the hands of the military committees of the Legislature for publication. It will afford me much pleasure to communicate personally with Your Excellency and the military committees at such time and place as may be agreeable, when I can communicate all the information desired.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.

Los Angeles, Cal., February 26, 1862

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: You will see by my letter to Major Fergusson commanding at Camp Carleton, that I ordered the arrest of a noted secessionist in that vicinity named Calvin M. Chriswell the man whom the soldier knocked down last fall for proposing the health of Jefferson Davis, &amp;c. With the general's approval I will send him to Fort Yuma. His arrest

---------------

*See De Russy to Wright, February 13, p. 863.

---------------

