HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco., Cal., February 27, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS.

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL; Colonel Bowie, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, with staff and remaining company of his regiment, sailed this morning on the steamer for San Pedro. I have now sent all the troops south which I proposed to station in that quarter. Colonel Carleton is at Los Angeles preparing to move on Fort Yuma as soon as the roads are passable and his means of transportation are perfected. The supplies for the expedition, except those to be sent by land, have nearly all reached Fort Yuma be water. The steamer from the Columbia River arrived here this morning, bringing Company D, Third Artillery, from San Juan Island. Captain Bissell, with his company (C, Ninth Infantry), is now stationed on San Juan. Quiet prevails throughout the District of Oregon. Some time since I desired Lieutenant-Colonel De Russy, the chief engineer on this coast, to prepare a plan for defensive works to guard the approaches to this city both by sea and land. Yesterday I received the colonel's report, a copy of which is herewith inclosed. * The Governor of this State and the military committees of the Legislature now in session have evinced much anxiety on this subject and seem disposed to afford all the aid in their power to place strong defensive works around the city. As the report of Colonel De Russy embraces much which should not be made public at this moment, I have declined furnishing it to the military committees, as in that event it would be published at large, but I shall personally communicate with the Governor and committees all the facts to enable them to act understandingly in the matter. We shall want some 200 heavy guns for the works proposed, as well as a supply of projectiles. I have had a conversation with Captain McAllister of the ordnance department, and he assures me that the castings can be made here. If the department will authorize this, I hope to receive instructions at an early date. I telegraphed (in cipher) you yesterday on this subject. At this moment we are int he greatest embarrassment on account of the want of funds, more especially in the quartermaster's department. Lieutenant-Colonel Babbitt has received many advices that the Treasury Department has been requested to supply the funds, but as yet nothing further has been heard. Inclosed herewith is a copy of my communication to S. H. Parker, esq. postmaster of this city, and acting postal agent for this coast, dated on the 24th, and his reply, dated on the 25th [26th] instant. I think it is high time that all these treasonable papers should not only, be excluded from the mails and post-offices, but that they should be suppressed entirely.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General U. S. Army, Commmanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC

San Francisco., Cal. February 24, 1862.

S. H. PARKER, Esq.

Postmaster at San Francisco and

Acting Postal Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Francisco:

SIR: There is a paper published at Jacksonville, Oreg. called the Southern Oregon Gazette, incendiary in its character, abusive of the

---------------

*See De Russy to Wright, February 13, p. 863.

---------------

