
Government of the United States, and treason, open or lurking, in its leading articles. Under these circumstances I deem it my duty to request that you will give orders prohibiting the transmission of the above-named paper in the United States mails or their being received at any post-office for distribution.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., February 26, 1862.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

Commanding U. S. Army, of the Pacific;

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that your order in relation to the Southern Oregon Gazette, a treasonable newspaper printed at Jacksonville, Oreg., has been received at this office, and the postmasters and mail contractors in the vicinity of its publication have been notified to prevent its transmission through the U. S. mails.

I remain, yours, very truly,

S. H. PARKER,

Postmaster.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, No. 16. Los Angeles, Cal. February 27, 1862.

I. Lieutenant Colonel George S. Evans, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, commanding at Camp Drum, will order Captain T. T. Tidball, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, to report with his company without delay to Lieutenant Colonel M. D. Dobbins, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, commanding at Camp Kellogg.

* * * *

By order of Colonel Carleton;

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,

Los Angeles, Cal., February 28, 1862

Major RICHARD C. DRUM

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal. ;

MAJOR; I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 20th instant. My instructions to Captain Moore have been, in my opinion, both necessary and warranted by what I considered the good of the service required, and they have been such as were needful, and such as I would have given any officer under similar circumstances. It is difficult to conceive what representations may have been made by Captain Moore in relation to this subject, but I believe it is due to me that I be informed what those representations were, and in all cases where anything is sent to department headquarters affecting my command or myself I think the military rule is that all such communications should go through mein the ascending line of correspondence. I trust I shall not be disappointed in my expectations of having such a rule observed. If Captain Moore or any other officer under my command does what I conceive to be his duty, I can feel no dissatisfaction

