
the Fort Benton and Walla Walla wagon road, to be withdrawn and join their companies. The order reached Lieutenant Mullan in the Bitter Root Valley, but too late for the detachment to cross the mountains. The order is still in force, and the escort will be withdrawn as soon as the road over the mountains is passable. The Ninth Infantry now requires some 300 recruits, and although active measures are being taken to enlist men, yet we have thus far progressed but slowly, the volunteer service having absorbed the large mass of men disposed to join the Army for service on this coast. Under these circumstances it is submitted to the consideration of the General-in-Chief whether it would not be advisable to suspend the operations on the wagon road until a more favorable opportunity. The great excitement throughout this entire country, caused by the late discovery of gold mines in the north, has drawn off a large number of men who might otherwise join the Army. However, should any real danger threaten this coast, whether from enemies without or traitors within, a large force of men, loyal and true to their country's flag, would be found ready to rush to arms.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 18. Camp Latham, Cal., March 1, 1862.

I. Colonel Bowie and the company of the Fifth Infantry California Volunteers which arrived at San Pedro this morning will proceed without delay to Camp Latham.

* * * January

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS

Fort Yuma, March 1, 1862.

Lieutenant B. C. CUTLER,Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Southern Dist., Los Angeles, Cal.:

LIEUTENANT; I have the honor to inclose for the information of the colonel commanding district, statement and copy of letter addressed to myself, dated this day, from William Walker: also copy of letter received this day from Ammi M. White, dated Pima Villages, February 21, 1862.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] Statement of Walker.

When I left Tucson I had heard that Don Antonio Perez had written to his wife (he being at the time with Colonel Baylor) that he could not come on because Baylor's forces were routed by the troops at Fort Craig. He did not say whether Baylor had attacked Fort Craig or whether the

