
Federal troops had gone out the meet him. The impression was at Tucson that the fight occurred at the fort, or near there. An Indian guided the Union forces to Baylor's camp and surprised him. His baggage and camp EQUIPAGE fell into the hands of the Union troops. Baylor was routed-horse, foot, and dragoons. This news cheered up the Union men in Eastern Arizona. White, at the Pima Villages, was on the lookout, having spies out to report to him any movement. I met a Mr. Jones within thirty miles of the Pima Villages, going that way. He told me that he was going to the Pimas, and to say so to Major Rigg, at Fort Yuma. There is plenty of water from Tucson to Fort Yuma, but no grass. Any amount of wheat at White's. He is taking in from 140 to 180 sacks per day from the Pimas, costing him from about 2 cents. I know the country well from Guaymas to the Rio Grande and speak the Spanish language well enough to get along with the people. Plenty of grain now at Tucson (wheat), but little barley. Wheat when I left Tucson could be bought for cash at $2 per fanega and, I think in quantity for less. Grama grass can be found in any quantity between Tucson and the Pimas, and in a month more it will be better and much more abundant. In my opinion all that the people want in Eastern Arizona is protection and they will flock to the Union flag. At present business is entirely prostrated. It is unsafe for anyone to travel through that country on account of the Apaches. I have lived in Tucson nearly six months. It is unsafe to ride out any distance from the city. Mr. Warner will be down to the river in about one month. I am anxious to go on to Los Angeles, Cal.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] FORT YUMA, March 1, 1862.

Left Tucson the 18th of February. Heard a letter read from Colonel Baylor, El Paso, addressed to Colonel Robinson, Tucson. Colonel Baylor says in his letter:

Hold on to the willows a little while longer. General Sibley's command is in a few days' march of this place, and as soon as he arrives I will march for Tucson. I want you to talk to the chiefs of the Papagos and Pima Indians to help me clean out the Apache Indians. I will hang White for his unlawful trading with the Indians.

I heard a few days before leaving Tucson that Colonel Baylor's command had been driven back by the U. S. troops at Fort Craig. The majority of the people at Tucson are in favor of the Union. There are three deserters in or about Tucson from Fort Yuma. I heard also that Fort Fillmore had been retaken.

WM. WALKER.

[Inclosure No. 3.] [PIMA VILLAGES, February 21, 1862.]

Major E. A. RIGG,

Commanding at Fort Yuma:

DEAR SIR: I send by the bearer, Mr. Walker, a bridle which I promised and hope you will accept it with my best regards. Mr. Walker and the party are good reliable men. They will give you the latest intelligence from the Rio Grande and Eastern Arizona. I learned it on my return, but did not think it of sufficient importance to send you by express. Thank God, Arizona, is in the United States once more. Since my return I have bought 500 sacks of wheat, and by a little

