
alteration that I have made in my mill can now grind a barrel or 200 pounds of flour every hour. You can rely upon what I told you-a full load.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AMMI M. WHITE.

Please inquire of Walker as to contents of Baylor's letter to Robinson. I think he saw it.
HDQRS. FIRST WASHINGTON TERRITORY INFANTRY,San Francisco, Cal., March 1, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal. ;

SIR; I have the honor to report that in accordance with direction of the commanding general, under date of 8th of February, the headquarters of my regiment were established in this city, and on that day company officers were selected for four companies, and authority given to recruit in this city. Since that time I have authorized a detachment of forty men to be recruited, also have an applicant for a first lieutenancy, and have given authority for one company to be raised in the counties of Alameda, Santa Clara, and Santa Cruz, in this State. From the companies authorized to be raised, one on Puget Sound, Washington Territory, by R. V. Peabody, and two east of the Cascade Mountains, by I. W. Cannady and F. Moore I have received no intelligence since my last communication with your headquarters. The depot for recruits directed by the commanding general at Fort Alcatraz has been established, and subordinate to the commanding officer at that post is in charge of First Lieutenant W. F. Mason, mustered into service with the first detachment of forty men. Accompanying is transmitted monthly return of officers and men already received and mustered into service. As permitted by the general commanding, Major C. H. Rumrill has been mustered into service, and is now on duty at these headquarters. Lieutenant Colonel James Tilton, appointed since my last communication, I have requested to repair to this city to be mustered into service and assist in the organization of the regiment. The regimental staff officers have not yet been appointed, although I am in treaty with applicants for all the positions. Their services are much needed, even now, in the commencement of the formation of the regiment, and the appointments are only deferred to insure the acquirement of proper persons for these important places. The plan adopted for the organization of the companies authorized in this State isrecruits, as they are presented by the different captains, have them examined by the medical officer, mustered into service, and at once sent to the depot. They are there formed into skeleton companies, each set of company officers credited with their own men enlisted and awaiting the completion of company organization. It is an express stipulation in all the authorizations given in this State that the minimum standard of eighty men be reached by the 1st day of April next. The men of company organizations not completed by that time become forfeited to the Government, and may be assigned as the interests of the regiment demand. Application is made by numerous persons in different parts of the State for authority to raise men for this regiment, and unless the next mail steamer from the north brings intelligence that would show

