
prospects of procuring men in the District of Oregon beyond requirements of the three companies now forming there, it is my intention to provide here for the remaining two and a half companies.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Translation.]

ALTAR, March 2, 1862.

Senor Don ANDRES PICO,

Los Angeles, Cal.:

MY ESTEEMED FRIEND: To-day is the fourth day since I received, at the mines of Lowrie, your appreciated favor of February 13, having been sent forward by an express which Don Diego dispatched from Fort Yuma. I could have answered it immediately, but as I had to be absent some days from this town, I concluded to delay it until my return, hoping by the delay to gather some information on the points you desire, but northing new has occurred since then. There was a rumor in some places that a force of Texas, numbering 100, had arrived for the purpose of joining with the force now in Arizona, and that they had hostile views toward Sonora. In consequence of this the Governor took precautions and ordered the National Guard at - as well as those at San - and likewise those on the frontiers, that they should keep a strict watch upon all persons, so as to avoid a surprise. Since that date up to the present time no such attempt has been made by the force referred to. Nevertheless we will remain at Alaya, notwithstanding that in my judgment their attempts will be merely intentional. By letters not long since received from Mesilla it is announced that a force had arrived from the Southern United States with the object of occupying the Territory of Arizona and protecting it from the incursions of the Apaches, but I repeat that nothing has occurred up to date. We know positively that the small force which I said was on the march was attacked and totally destroyed by another of New Mexico belonging to the North. No other news have we received which merits credence. A small force halted at the Point San Pedro for some days, but, as I said, they returned without advancing a step farther, and even without entering Tucson or other populated places. This is all of which I can inform you with any certainty. If anything should occur hereafter I will communicate it to you as soon as I can find means. We feel deeply the interest which yourself and friends entertain for the well being of our Sonora, and trust that occasion will not fail to give some proof of our gratitude. I could say something relative to the war waged by foreigners upon Mexico, and also about Sonora, but I omit doing so because by the time you receive this you will receive information from Senor Don Francisco P. Ramirez, who has set out for your city, and he will instruct you fully upon the true condition of this country. Do me the favor to salute affectionately Don Francisco Valle and all my friends in your city, and all of you I hold in the affection of your friend,

JOSE M. REDONDO.

I inclose two papers. *

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

