SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 19. Los Angeles, Cal., March 2, 1862.

IV. Lieutenant-Colonel Dobbins, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will detach from his battalion Company E, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, and order it to report to Major Courlt, of that regiment.

V. Company E, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will be prepared immediately for active field service. All articles not absolutely required by the men will be carefully packed and sent to Camp Drum, near New San Pedro, Cal., for storage.

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS,

Fort Hoskins, Oreg., March 3, 1865.

COLONEL COMMANDING DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

COLONEL: In conformity to instructions received from the headquarters District of Oregon of February 15, 1862, I will as soon as the roads admit re-emforce the command at the block-house to twenty-six men, which is all the available force I can spare of my company, retaining the detachment from Yamhill at this post per former instructions. Inclosed pleased find a return of the troops at this place, block-house, and Fort Umpqua, Oreg. This will better enable you to dispose of the several commands as to you may seem best. The return exhibits the distribution after I have re-enforced to block-house, the three extra men of my command at Fort Umpqua, Oreg., one corporal (in charg of) and two teamsters, who left with the commnadant, Lieutenant Watson, intending to return with the command of Lieutenant Rives. You will perceive that of the number of privates a large number is required for extra and daily duty, as much so as if there were 100 men at this post. The intensely severe adn inclement weather has deterred me as yet from again visiting the reservation. I learn, however, that at present the Indians are rather quiet. The agent informs me that there is a large number of arms in their hands; also from him and through other reliable sources I am told that in some of their wigwams there are as much as eight or ten shooting irons of all descriptions, that their quivers are full of new arrows, and that they intend to make a break early in the summer, if not before. This they all admit, and the agent and farmers on the reservation have told me of it. To disarm those Indians and prevent their escape will require a larger command than is available at present without strategy is used. I would therefore recommend that a subaltern and a detachment of about forty men be kept at the block-house, Oregon, until such times as the agent can procure them, either by planting or purchasing, the necessary subsistencde required for their use. About sixty meant would be required at this post, as all the necessary supplies for their use must be packed from this post, as there in no wagon road from here to the Siletz block-house. This post is not situated in the right place. The supposition that it guards the only pass to or from the reservation is incorrect. There are at least ten passes. If this post was intended to guard the reservation it is a fallacy, and should be moved for more reasons than

