
one, and in this connection permit me to inclose you a letter received from the Indian agent in that respect after my last visit to the reservation. The distance, thirty-five miles, renders it inadequate to promptly render the assistance reguired in case of a sudden outbreak, as was the case last December. There is also a ground rent of $300 per year paid for this site. Again, it is environed by polluting tipplers, which occasions a great deal of trouble to the men at the post. There they would be free from that, as no intoxicating drinks could come near them on the reservation. This movement, however, could not be effected this coming year, but a start could be made toward it, for to repair this post properly would cost nearly as much as the building of a new one at that place. The water pipes have to be taken up and thoroughly repaired. The stable, being built on the river-bank, must be removed, as it has several times, even to-day, been endangered by the freshets. The foundations of the public buildings are fast going to decay, especially the store-house and men's quarters. Nor can the hospital be made comfortable unless a new one is built. In a former communication you mentioned about turning the ringleaders of the Indians over to the civil law. I am at a loss to know how they can be punished by that law. Will you please enlighten me on that subject, as I have no U. S. laws for my guidance? I had supposed that they might be sent to the Presidio, as was Old John. To confine them here and feed them is all that they wish, and to prevent that I prefer to chastise them and let them go, as I did three who passed out to the settlements without a pass. I have directed Lieutenant Campbell to proceed to Vancouver with Sergeant Miltenberger, whom I would respectfully recommend to the clemency of the colonel commanding the district, as he has condicted himself remarkably well since his confinement, on the 8th of December, 1861. In this recommendation I am also joined by the lieutenant aforesaid.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. SCHMIDT,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.] SILETZ INDIAN AGENCY, December 24, 1861.

Captain SCHMIDT,

Commanding Fort Hoskins:

SIR: I avail myself of a few leisure moments to again address you on such points as I deem of essential interest to the welfare and peace of this reservation. But before doing so permit me to thank you sincerely for the promptness with which you rushed to my assistance when I made a call on your command on the 15th instant. At the time the messenger started off I anticipated from the appearance of things that serious troubles might arise at any hour, and over which I was powerless to act, as the force at the block-house was only sufficient for the protection of that place. Your timely arrival here undoubtedly cowed the disaffected and prevented bloodshed. Aside from this it showed the Indians that there was still was still a Government and a power dangerous to resist, stories of secessionists to the contrary notwithstanding. Although the object of your mission was in part a failure, yet the effect has been a good one, and may lead to many good results. Your visit here has some connection with the proposition and suggestions which I will here make to you. In your march from Fort Hoskins to this place you were not insensible and unobservant of the many difficulties under which a military force accomplishes the task of reaching this

