
authorities above these headquarters direct. The colonel commanding approves of your confidential instructions to Lieutenant Barrett and of your letter to Major Rigg. An ambulance leaves Camp Latham for your post this day under charge of Sergeant Latimer, of Company B, First Cavalry California Volunteers. The sick and wounded of your camp who cannot take the field you can send by it to Camp Latham. You will doubtless have soon opportunities of sending in the articles not required in your camp by wagons to New San Pedro (say McDonald's). Of course you are availing yourselves of the grazing reported as being good within five miles of your camp. It is to be regretted thaty you allowed Kelsey to slip through your fingers. Keep the four wagons sent to you by Lieutenant Hammond until further orders. The colonel says that as soon as possible some pork will be sent to you. If the men get goot beef they will not suffer. In the interior economy of your camp, and in all matters pertaining to its discipline, you are to exercise a sound discretion, and, under the Sixty-second Article of War, will give orders needful to the service. This will remove the necessity of having many details acted upon at these headquarters.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you, in reply to your letter of yesterday, that the companies of the Fifth Regiment of Infantry California Volunteers are located as follows: One company at Fort Yoma; two companies at New San Diego; seven companies and regimental headquarters at Camp Latham, near Los Angeles, Cal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., March 5, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WEST,

First Infty. California Vols., Commanding at Camp Wright, Cal.:

COLONEL: Order Captain Mead's company to report to the headquarters First Cavalry California Volunteers, San Bernardino, Cal. You are at liberty to reduce your post teams to four. As you yourself suggest, direct the remainder to New San Pedro; let them bring as far as San Bernardino the beggage of Captain Mead's company, with subsistence enongh to last his company to that point. You will thus be relieved of many of your embarrassments as regards forage. It was supposed that you desired to have some cavalry at your post, and that it was important that the Camp Wright wagons should be returned to you, from the following paragraph in your letter of January 31, 1862, written from Chino Ranch:

The result is, that if there should be any real necessity for a quick movement from Camp Wright to support Fort Yuma, I am deprived of the needed transportation, while that little detachment of cavalry might have been of incalculable service.

