
After Mead's cavalry had been sent to you it appears you were obliged to send it to Temecula. It was supposed that when your wagons were sent to you, you would be enabled to move to that point, or to any other point where there was grass, and then in case you could not get grain for Mead's company you were authorized to send it back, provided you had no use for it. (See letter February 25.) The point whence supplies have hitherto been drawn for Camp Wright (up to the commencement of the stormy weather) has been San Diego. It was supposed that you were aware of that fact. This is in answer to your letter of February 26. On the 21st of February you were authorized to send five of your teams to New San Pedro, and being authorized on the 25th to send Mead's cavalry back to San Bernardino, it was hoped by the colonel commanding that you would be able to supply the remainder of your animals with forage. As you think you can get along with four teams and still be able to move Roberts' company to your camp, this letter gives you authority to reduce your animals down even to that number. After you have moved Roberts, if you can do so, move up Ffrench. If you cannot do so, report the fact. From the information of which you are possessed in regard to the state of the roads, cannot subsistence supplies be hauled to your post from San Diego? If the road needs repairing to make it practicable for wagons, will you be able to repair it?

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., March 5, 1862.

Major D. FERGUSSON,

First Cavalry California Volunteers,

Commanding at Camp Carleton, San Bernardino, Cal.:

MAJOR: Captain Mead's cavalry company has been ordered to report to the headquarters First Cavalry, San Bernardino, Cal., on account of the scarcity of forage at Camp Wright. In case you cannot furnish it with foragrized to send it (or any other one company of your command) to New San Pedro.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, March 5, 1865.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

MAJOR: In my recent ten days' tour of reconnaissance I traveled over 175 miles from Van Dusen's Fork, on the south, to Fort Gaston, on the north. From a point near the Van Dusen I saw the whole contry to the south to within twenty miles of Fort Seward, and to the southwest the coast as far down as fifteen miles below Cape MendociNumbers The country is more apline than Switzerland itself, and in its physical conformation perhaps the most extraordinary on the face of the globe,

