
it best to adopt is the establishment of posts, consisting of a single company each, at such points as have the most need of protection, combined with a system of unremitting active operations in the field, the purpose of which will be to capture (without bloodshed, if possible), all the Indians that can be found and this post, where they will be guarded and subsisted until some disposition of them is made by the department commander. One-half of the effective strength of each company will be constantly in the field with a competent guide, each detachment to be relieved after fifteen days' duty.

I have selected three sites for posts: One at Neil's ranch, on the hither side of Var Dusen Fork, nine miles eastward of the head of the South Fork of Yager Creek, and about twenty-eight miles to the east-ward of Hydesville. The Indians burned all the buildings on it last year, since which it has been abandoned. The second at Bremer's ranch, on the northerly side of Mad River, about twenty miles east of Arcata. The third on the north bank of Redwood Creek, a mile or two below Minor's, about twenty-seven miles northeast of Arcata. Each one of these locations is healthy, has sufficient level ground for buildings and a parade, and plenty of good water, grass, and wood all the year round. In selecting these sites I have had reference to their suitableness for purposes of protection for pivots of operations and to their prompt and easy communication with this post and with each other. On receiving (on the 22nd of February) your letter per last steamer, I immediately sent Lieutenant Ustick, Third California Volunteer Infantry, to Fort Seward with a small pack-train of provisions (the post being then entirely out of everything) for the purpose of withdrawing the garrison and the public property, and enabling Lieutenant Davis and the other witnesses for the court-martial to come here. He was delayed several days on the route by the swelling of the streams, but he probably arrived at Fort Seward on the 3rd or 4th instant. I should have also immediately dispatched the three companies to establish the new posts but for the want of transportation. I refer you to Regimental Quartermaster Swasey's report as to the proceedings that have been taken to overcome this difficulty. Suffice it to say, that since my return from my reconnaissance on the 21st of February not one hour has been lost unnecessarily in putting the troops into the field, and that they will be dispatched as fast as the necessary transportation for their sup plies can be obtained. Judging from information received two more posts will probably, or rather, may, perhaps, be required; one in the neighborhood of Larrabee Creek, south of the Van Dusen, and another on the coast in the neighborhood of Shelter Cove. I cannot speak positively on this point till I have visited these localities in person. I shall pass through that section of country when I visit Fort Bragg, which will be as soon as the court-martial is over; but I have no hesitation in stating that one more company, at all events, will be needed at this post, where in a few days there will be but one company left. There should be always two companies here. First, that there may be a reserve ready to be thrown into the field in case of a sudden emergency, which would be by no means improbable if the Indians should band together in large numbers; secondly, because the Indians to be sent in here will require a very strong guard, not so much to keep them from escaping as to protect them from the Indian-killing whites that are but too numerous about here. I therefore respectfully recommend that one more company may be sent here as soon as the convenience of the public service will admit. The location of Fort Gaston, in Hoopa Valley, is such as to render it the most important post in this district,

