
Captain Stuart not having brought with him any provisions or ammunition, and not knowing whether any supplies will be found at Crescent City or Fort Ter-Waw, I have caused a supply of thirty days' rations to the issued to him by Acting Commissary of Subsistence Swasey, and 1,000 rounds of ball cartridge to be turned over to him by Captain Ketcham, Third California Volunteer Infantry, whose command is expected to leave here every hour.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second California Vol. Infantry, Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.

P. S. -I have the honor to inclose a copy of my instructions to Captain Hefferman, which will fully show the policy I have adopted. The instructions to the two other post commanders are precisely similar.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 6, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith is a copy of a communication addressed to these headquarters by Colonel Steinberger, First Infantry Washington Territory Volunteers. * Colonel Steinberger is indefatigable in his exertions to fill his regiment; his success here has been very fair; he has now upward of 100 good men under instruction at Alcatraz Island. His officers have been selected with great care and judgment. Since Colonel Steinberger's communication of the 1st instant, he has been informed by Lieutenant-Colonel Tilton that his health will not permit him to accept the position offered him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., March 6, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I inclose herewith a special entimate+ for horses for the First Cavalry made on the 4th instant by Major Fergusson, commanding that regiment. You will wish to call the general's attention especially, I have no doubt, to Major Fergusson's remarks about the horses of the First Cavalry, their value, and in relation to their having been bought and delivered in some manner which imposed upon the Government. I also inclose a letter+ from Governor Gaudara and suite. The Governor asks for passports to cross the Colorado into Sonora. It would be well to give the passports, but to delay sending them until after I have moved, and then to send through me. It would not be well for Governor Gaudara to cross the Colorado or reach his destination, Tucson, Ariz., in advance of the troops. I inclose inventories+ (in triplicate) of three horses in Company B, First Cavalry California Volunteers, condemned as unfit for service. Please have the general's orders indorsed upon them and inclose two of them to Captain Emil Fritz, Company B, First Cavalry California Volunteers. I send them to your as chief of staff. I also inclose a letter+ from Lieutenant Colonel George S. Evans,

---------------

* See March 1, p. 900.

+ Omitted.

---------------

