
the first chain of mountains east of Fort Mojave and he examined the road to see if it was really as bud as had been represented. He pronounced it impracticable for empty wagons even to be houled over it. We were compelled to return on account of not being able to haul a lighty loaded Government wagon containing forage for nine animals, blankets and provisions for their days, in all not more than 1,500 pounds. It was more than we could do to ride over the mountain, but had to dismount and lead. For the truth and correctness of the above statement I beg leave to refer to Major Haller, Fourth Infantry, U. S. Army. Any route north of Fort Mojave and east from Las Vegas is utterly impracticable, and pronounced by every one who has ever seen it the roughest country on the continent. Miners from Potosi, in New Mexico, have found it impossible to penetrate any distance east from the Colorado River. In company with Major Haller, Captain George A. Johnson, of Fort Yuma, and others, we visited that country last April, and every one came to the conclusion that it is impossible to travel through it. How far north this rough and broken country extends I don't know, but trappers and Indians say for some distance above the forks of the Green and Grand Rivers. In fact, until you arrive at the old Spanish trail at Los Angeles to Albuquerque, N. Mex. This is my unprejudiced opinion in regard to any route near the thirty-fifty parallel or north of it. In regard to the object of my journey to Fort Yuma at present I beg leave to state that I have come here for the purpose of procuring some tools to repair a flouring mill in the town of Oquito, district of Altar, Sonora, where I am at present engaged in the flour trade, and in the event of Government giving protection to loyal American citizens in Arizona I should again taken up my residence in that Territory.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. R. BRADY.

FORT YUMA, CAL., March 6, 1862.

Major EDWIN A. RIGG,

First Regiment of Infantry California Volunteers:

DEAR SIR: I was present at the ranch of Mr. James Caruthers on the 13th of last month, when an American passed there on his way into Sonora, who informed us of the arrival of an American (who had been sent through from the Mesilla Valley) at San Xavier, near Tucson, by Colonel John R. Baylor, of the Confederate Army, and military governor of the Territory, to inform tthe secessionists of Arizona that they must take care of themselves for the present, as all the Confederate troops had been recalled from the Rio Grande and Mesilla Valley into Texas. The American who gave the information was a stanger to me, but well known to Mr. Caruthers, who told me that he was a truthful man and reliable. Mr. Caruthers' ranch is about thirty miles south of the boundary line, and he was compelled to flee from Arizona, and stay where he is at present until Government gives him protection, when he expects to return and occupy his old place.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. R. BRADY.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 22. Fort Humboldt, March 6, 1862.

1. Three new military posts will be immediately established in this district, one at Neil's ranch, on the right bank of Van Dusen's Fork,

