
about twenty-eight miles east of Hydesville; one at Bremer's ranch, on the right bank of Mad River, opposite the Blue Slide, and the third on the right bank of Redwood Creek, about one mile below Minor's ranch, subject to the approval of the War Department. The first of the posts will be named Fort Baker, the second Fort Lyon, and the third Fort Anderson.

2. Fort Baker will be garrisoned by Company A, Third Infantry California Volunteers, under command of Captain Ketcham; Fort Lyon by Company K, Second Infantry California Volunteers, under command of Captain Heffernan, and Fort Anderson by Company F, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Lieutenant Flynn commanding. The three commands will proceed to their respective destinations on the 10th of March at an early hour in the morning.

* * * * *

By order of Colonel F. J. Lippitt:

JOHN HANNA, JR.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 21. Los Angeles, Cal., March 7, 1862.

I. The battalion of the First and Fifth Regiments Infantry California Volunteers, consisting of four companies, viz, McMullen's, Davis', Hinds', and Ford's, and commanded by Major Coult, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will at 12 o'clock to-day up its line of march with ten days' rations of subsistence and 5,000 rounds of ammunition to each company. The commander of the battalion will receive especial instructions from the commander of the district.

II. Lieutenant Lafayette Hammond, regimental quartermaster First Infantry California Volunteers, will furnish the necessary transportation, and see that wood is supplied for the first night's encampment. He will send along or buy en route for the use of the train 5,000 pounds of barley or corn, and will so arrange it with the beef contractor that these troops shall be supplied with the fresh beef necessary for their, subsistence while on the march.

JAMES H. CARLETON,Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,

Los Angeles, Cal., March 7, 1862.

Major THEODORE A. COULT,

Fifth Infty. California Vols., encamped near Los Angeles, Cal.:

MAJOR: You will proceed by easy marches, so as gradually to inure your men to fatigue, to Camp Wright, San Diego County, Cal., and report with your battalion of four companies of infantry to the commanding officer of that camp.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

58 R R-VOL L, PT I.

