
this order equally with your own men, and will be equally amenable to trial by a court martial. For any depredation upon stock or other private property by men of your command you will immediately bring the offender before a garrison court for trial and punishment. From the moment any Indians are captured, or give themselves up, you will take measures for their protection from outrage from any quarter whatsoever, and you will send them as soon as practicable to Fort Humboldt under an escort strong enough to insure their complete protection on the way. You will discourage by all means in your power the hunting of Indians by parties of whites in the district specially under your charge, and you will not permit any such parties or any individual citizens to accompany an expedition sent from your post under any pretext whatsoever. Within five days after the return of an expedition its commander will make to you a written report of his operations, which you will forward to these headquarters without delay.

By order of Colonel F. J. Lippitt, commanding district:

JOHN HANNA, JR.,

Lieutenant, Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 10, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Since my communications forwarded to you by the last steamer March 1, nothing special has transpired on this coast. The Union feeling is greatly in the ascendant; nevertheless there is a strong disloyal element in this country, which will be dealt with in a summary manner should any acts be committed demanding the interposition of the strong arm of the Government. My troops in the southern district, under Colonel Carleton, are in position to advance, but at this moment the roads are not in a condition to pass loaded wagons. I expect that by the 1st of April we shall be able to make a forward movement. Confidential agents have returned from Arizona, and I am fully satisfied that the rebel force reported as in the neighborhood of Tucson has been greatly exaggerated. My information from New Mexico is meager. The strength of Sisley's force of rebels on the Rio Grande, as rumored forth in the papers, I regard as fabulous. With Canby in his front and Carleton on his flank I cannot doubt the result. The health of my troops is good, and although their instruction has been somewhat retarded by the unprecedented severity of the winter, yet they have been steadily improving in a knowledge of their duties. From the district of Oregon and Humboldt I have northing special to report. The large number of persons going to the Nez Perces and Salmon River mines will make it necessary to send a command through that country to preserve peace and good order between the Indians and our people. Colonel Lippitt, Second Infantry California Volunteers, commanding the District of Humboldt, will, as soon as the waters subside and the trails become passable, make expeditions throughout his district for the purpose of gathering up those Indians and placing them on the reservations. We are still excessively embarrassed for the want of funds. Our credit is well nigh exhausted; not that any doubt exists as to the ability of the Government to meet all demands, editors are absolutely in want of money to enable them to go

