
on furnishing the supplies which we must have. I have had a conference with the Governor of this State and the military committes of the Legislature now in session on the subject of coast defenses, and a bill has already been introduced making an appropriation for temporary fortifications for the protection of this city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 10, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have this day received from your office a copy of a letter from William Danford to the Honorable W. H. Seward, dated December 23, 1861, Oroville, Butte Country, Cal., also copy of communication from the Secretary of State to Secretary of War, dated 28th of January, 1862, and from the Assistant Secretary of War to Adjutant-General of the Army, dated on the 31st January, 1862, with your indorsement thereon of February 4, 1862. I have no information of the organization of such a body of men as Mr. Danford speaks of. I shall take immediate measures to ascertain the facts in the case, and take such action in the premises as the public safely may require.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SALEM, OREG., March 10, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington City, D. C.:

SIR: Your communication of January 4, 1862, in which you request me to forward to your office a "return of the two and three years' regiments and independent companies of volunteers furnished up to this date under the authority of " the State of Oregon, setting forth their strangth and the arm of the service to which they belonged when transferred to the General Government, and in which you also desire "a similar return of all two or three years' volunteer troops raised within this State upon what has been called 'independent acceptances,'" and in which you further request a report of the number of regiments or independent companies now organizing in this State, their present strength, and the time at which they will probably be completed and ready to take the field, is received, and without delay I make the following reply: The authorities of this State have never been called upon for any troops by the President. In September last Colonel Wright made a requisition upon the Governor of this State for one company of mounted volunteers for the Indian service on the frontiers of this State, but before the company was mustered into the service of the United States the order was countermanded and the company disbanded. There has been no two or three years' volunteers either by regiments or independent companies furnished the General Government by the authorities of this State; nor has this State furnished

