
[Inclosure Numbers 2.] GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, Numbers 11. Tucson, Ariz., July 21, 1862.

I. All of the Territory of Arizona west of a meridian line running through what is known as Apache Pass, on the Butterfield Mail Route, hence to Mesilla, will constitute a military district, to be known as the District of Western Arizona, the headquarters of which shall be Tucson, Ariz. Major David Fergusson, First California Volunteer Cavalry, is hereby placed in command of this district, as well as of the post and town of Tucson.

II. The duties which devolve upon Major Fergusson by this order are additional to those he is required to perform as chief commissary of this column. He is also empowered to make estimates of all funds necessary to be used in the quartermaster's department and subsistence department, so far as the wants and necessities of those departments may be concentated, direct to the proper officers at the headquarters Department of the Pacific. Major Fergusson will disburse and direct the disbursement of these funds when received to the best interests of the public service, having reference first to having on hand an adequate supply of articles of prime necessity, such as food and forage; likewise all that will insure mobility to the column by having its means of transportation always in as good order and good repair as practicable.

III. Great vigilance will be exercised by Major Fergusson to see that no successful attack is made on his trains within his district by secessionists or Indians. The troops in the district are to be kept in fighting condition, and the public animals and public stores so carefully guarded as to secure against loss by surprise or be depredation and secure against destruction by fire or by flood.

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First California Vol. Infty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Ojo de la Vaca, Ariz., August 2, 1862.

GENERAL: General George Wright, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of the Pacific, recommended to the General-in-Chief that a force from California, to consist of a battery of four guns (Company A, U. S. Third Artillery), the First Regiment of Infantry California Volunteers, and five companies of the First Cavalry California Volunteers, should cross the Yuma and Colorado Deserts, and recapture the posts in Arizona and Southern New Mexico, then supposed to be in the hands of the rebels, and open the Southern Overland Mail Route. These recommendations or suggestions were approved by the General-in-Chief, and arrangements were sent on foot to carry them into effect. But what with unprecedented floods in California and uncommon drought on the Yuma and Colorado Deserts, and other serious difficulties which had to be enountered, it has been quite impossible to bring forward the force above indicated in a fighting condition at an earlier date than the present. I was baffled in every effort I attempted to communicate with you. My first note, marked A, after many days came back to me, the messenger not being able to ascend the Salt

