
Fifth Infantry California Volunteers (one of them will be detached at Fort Yuma), and has Lieutenant-Colonel Evans and McLaughlin's, Jones', and Winne's companies, of the Second Cavalry California Volunteers. Soper's company will march to Camp Latham at the earliest practicable moment. This will leave one company at San Diego Ffrench's. Major Coult, with two companies of the First Infantry (McMullen's and Davis') and two companies of the Fifth Infantry (Ford's and Hinds'), are en route to Camp Wright. The mules that now come down are said to be of the first class. I feel under great obligations to the general for having sustained me in my action in relation to the insubordinate men at Camp Wright. I learn the most of those men are heartily ashamed of themselves. The companies en route to Camp Wright march with knapsacks and all the effects carefully packed. It is important that a general court-martial be ordered at Camp Latham at the earliest practicable day. The discipline of the service requires that a large number of general prisoners at that camp be tried at once. Please send down the order by return of boat. Please send down to San Diego by return boast a plenty of subsistence stores, it they have not a plenty already on hand there; and if you will send 100,000 pounds of barley there I can get it to Camp Wright much easier than from here. If I have it in my power I will do all I can for the gentleman recently from Texas about whom you wrote.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Camp Drum, near New San Pedro, Cal., Numbers 24. March 11, 1862.

I. Lieutenant Colonel George S. Evans and First Lieutenant W. G. Morris, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed this day to Camp Latham and report for duty to Colonel Bowie, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, commanding that camp.

*			 *				*			*			*

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,1st Lieutenant and Adjt. 1st Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Camp Drum, near New San Pedro, Cal., Numbers 25. March 11, 1862.

I. The undersigned hereby assumes commnad of this camp.

* * * * *

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 26. Fort Humboldt, March 11, 1862.

All Indians who shall be taken or shall surrender themselves up at the following posts are to be sent as soon as practicable with sufficient

