
escort to Fort Humboldt, and are to be protected and subsisted until delivered over: Forts Baker, Gaston, Anderson, and Lyon.

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

JOHN HANNA, JR.,

1st Lieutenant and Adjt. 2nd Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 12, 1862.

Captain WILLIAM H. GARDNER, U. S. Navy,

Commanding Navy-Yard, Mare Island, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: A reconnaissance has been made by the chief engineer of the army on this coast, and a plan for defensive works submitted to guard the approaches to this city either by land or water. To guard against the possibility of a hostile fleet passing our first and second lines, and forcing its way up Raccoon Straits, and aiming a blow at the navy-yard and the arsenal at Benicia, it is proposed to erect batteries on points San Pablo and San Pedro to command the entrance of San Pablo Bay. We have no difficulty in throwing up the batteries, but one great embarrassment is the want of heavy guns. I can get none from the East, and have to rely upon the resources of this country. Under these circumstances I shall be glad to ascertain from you if there are any heavy guns and suitable ammunition at the navy-yard which we could obtain for the batteries. I propose to issue instructions to Captain McAllister, chief of the ordnance department on this coast, to take immediate steps to obtain materials and materials and establish a foundry for casting guns and projectiles.

Very respectfully, your obedient sernvant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. A. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 12, 1862.

Captain JULIAN McALLISTER,

Ordnance Corps, Chief of Ordnance, Department Pacific,

Commanding Benicia Arsenal, Benica, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: The chief engineer of the army on this coast has completed his reconnaissance and submitted to me a plan for defensive works to guard the approaches to this city either by land or water. Our great embarrassment is from the scarcity of heavy guns. I have just addressed a communication to Captain Gardner, commandant of the navy-yard at Mare Island, to ascertain if he could let us have some heavy guns, projectiles, &amp;c., in case of emergency. I regret to hear of your indisposition. When you have quite recovered I shall be glad to see you here. From information I have received from Washington, I am satisfied that we can get no guns from the East, and that we must rely upon our own resources. We must establish a foundry, cast our own guns, projectiles, &c., and be prepared to meet any emergency.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

