HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angels, Colonel, March 12, 1862.

Major EDWIN A. RIGG,

First Infantry California Vols., Commanding at Fort Yuma, Cal.:

MAJOR: The colonel commanding has been informed that some sixty or seventy Indians are encamped at or near near Indian Well; that they have some fifteen or twenty horses; that when trains are approaching the well they exhaust the water so that it is difficult to get enough. As there is no necessity for these Indians to be there, the colonel commanding directs that you send word for them to move away, and be sure they move. It is understood here that the horses of Company A, First Cavalry, are kept at Fort Yuma, where they are fed on the hay which has been procured for another purpose. It was a condition that Captain McCleave's horses should not be sent to Yuma, unless grass could be found for them. Not only must those not be fed any more of the hay at Fort Yuma, but you must take measures immediately to replace all the hay which has been consumed by those horses, and an additional twenty tons, if it be possible for you to cut it by men on extra duty. I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of March 2, relating to the escape of Chum and Edwards, political prisoners. The colonel commanding also directs that you put ten tons of baled hay at the Alamo Station, and replace it at Fort Yuma from the hay camp. The colonel wishers twenty tons more (or even more, if posible) of hay procured at the place wheree the last was cut, and hauled out on the road and carefully stacked. In reply to your communication of March 2 I am directed to instruct you to use no more leather for the repair of pack-saddles. Your action in relation to the men who refused to carry knapsacks is highly approved by the district commander. The resignation of Captain Hugh A. Gorley has been forwarded to department headquarters. He himself is here and wishes to recall it. The hay taken away from Pilot Knob by Mr. Veck must be replaced, and as much again more put there, if possible. If you can send baled hay from Fort Yuma for this purpose, the hay taken from Fort Yuma must be replaced by hay from the hay camp. The colonel commanding also directs that you have fifteen tons of hay hauled to Gila City. If you can have thirty tons of hay at Mission Camp and twenty tons at Antelope Peak, it would be well. It is important that Mr. Yager should have a large number of fat cattle on hand, as your garrison will be largely increased. This should be done without delay. Remember this: The brig W. D. Rice left San Francisco Febraury 24, 1862, laden with Government stores for Fort Yuma. The colonel commanding directs that as soon as you hear of the arrival of that vessel at the mouth of the Colorado River, you will send an express to these headquarters, via Camp Wright, with the intelligence. Recapitulation of forage required: Twelve tons of hay at Pilot Knob; 12 tons of hay one day's march west of Pilot Knob; 12 tons of hay two days' march west of Pilot Knob; 12 tons of hay three days' march west of Pilot Knob (15 tons at these points, if possible); 15 tons of hay in Arizona City; 15 tons of hay at Gila City; 15 tons of hay at Mission Creek; 15 tons of hay one day's march beyond Mission Creek toward Pima Villages. You will send a party at once under an efficient officer to clean out the wells thoroughly on the desert to Carriso Creek. There must be no mistake about this, and it must be done without delay. If this express reaches Fort Yuma in time to stop the teams which took over McCleave's company and the clothing, use those and every other team you can spare from your post, and haul at once 100,00ey to Mr. Grinnel's, where it will be covered with tarpaulins, or

