
otherwise protected from rains, and guarded by one cavalry officer and ten men, which ten men must cut or otherwise procure all the hay their horses may need, so as not to consume any hay placed at that point. The general has ordered an expedition against the Tontos, and the barley is to be used for that expedition when organized. McCleave's company will form a portion of that expedition. If Colonel West commands the expedition against the Mojaves, you will command the one against the Tontos. What has become of Rhodes' cattle; what is their condition at present; what can they be bought for; have you ever seen them yourself? If so, are they mostly calves or good-sized beeves? It is possible that you may not be able to procure hay at all the points named. Try and do the best you can, and let the colonel commanding know the result at the earliest practicable moment. In moving barley to Grinnel's you will have to figure closely as to which will be the most efficient method, whether to have the teams go on to Gila City and unload and come back and reload and go on again, whether to go to some point still farther on and unload, or whether to go through at once to Grinnel's. These matters are left for your consideration. The colonel commanding desires, however, that it should be done at once.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infantry California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

NOTE. -The colonel commanding desires that for the next four or five weeks every officer and man at your post shall exert himself to the utmost in all matters pertaining to the efficiency of the service.

B. C. C.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 13, 1862.

Captain WILLIAM H. GARDNER, U. S. Navy,

Commanding Navy-Yard, Mare Island, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: Understanding (unofficially) that the company of marines now on the flag-ship Lancaster will be posted at the navy-yard for some time to come, I have thought it probable that you would not, in that event, require the presence of the detachment of U. S. soldiers. We are much in want of all our regular troops to man the forts in this harbor, and if you can dispense with the services of those men I shall be glad to have them returned to Alcatraz Island.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 28. New San Pedro, Cal., March 13, 1862.

Captain Soper's company, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, now at San Diego, will march without delay to Camp Wright, and thence to Camp Latham, Cal. The tents and heavy baggage of the company will be turned over to the quartermaster at New San Diego, to be shipped by the next Senator to San Pedro, whence it will be at once transported to Camp Latham.

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

