
return of an expedition its commander will make to you a written report of his operations, which you will send to district headquarters without delay.

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN HANNA, JR.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, March 13, 1862.

The SENATE OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

I herewith transmit the following nominations, as recommended by the Attorney-General, viz: John R. Baylor, of Arizona, to be Governor of the Territory of Arizona; Robert Josselyn, of Mississippi, to be secretary of the Territory of Arizona; Alexander M. Jackson, of New Mexico, to be chief justice of the Territory of Arizona; Columbus Upson, of Texas, to be associate justice of the Territory of Arizona; Russel Howard, of Arizona, to be attorney for Arizona Territory; Samuel J. Jones, of Arizona, to be marshal of the Territory of Arizona.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

COMMANDANT'S OFFICE, NAVY-YARD,

Mare Island, March 14, 1862.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 13th instant is at hand. Ere receiving your communication owing to the arrival of the U. S. flag-ship Lancaster having placed a large force of marines at my disposal, I had contemplated returning the detachment of the U. S. soldiers stationed at this yard. I have ordered the sergeant in command to return by the steamer C. M. Webber this day, and to report to the commanding officer at Alcatraz Island immediately upon arrival.

With many thanks for the services of the detachment, I have the honor to be, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. H. GARDNER,

Commandant.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 14, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

First Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District of Southern California, Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR: Your disposition of the forces in the southern district is approved by the general commanding the department. The general court-martial requested in your letter of the 11th instant will be convened at as early a day as practicable. The general desires you to submit to the judge-advocate such charges of a capital nature as are in your possession. The activity and zeal displayed by Major Rigg at Fort Yuma are highly commendable, and show a knowledge of his business rarely to be found in an officer whose experience is so limited.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

