
wagons, &amp;c., and for any services of a similar nature that he may render in future. The new ambulance should be repaired at once. Andrew J. Keene is to be borne upon your papers. The colonel commanding will send him to Fort Yuma when the public service will admit of his going there. You are at liberty to let Mr. Brady and Mr. Martin return to Sonora for their flour. Say to them that the colonel commanding has great confidence in their fidelity to the United States Government and to the Stars and Stripes, and while he will be glad for any information they may give for the cause, he will do all he can for them. You will have Mr. Kilbride take the oath of allegiance, and then, without his having any further communication with the other prisoners, set him across the river and release him, being first certain that he takes no letters with him. The colonel commanding supposes that Mr. Kilbride knows what the fate of a spy would be, or if he should give aid, intelligence, or comfort to the enemy. Say to Mr. Brady that the district commander is much obliged to him for his information in relation to the Beale route. You will send word to Mr. Grinnel to increase the amount of hay placed by him at the points named in your letter of the 6th instant to fifteen tons at each point, but in no event is this hay to be used without an especial order from the colonel commanding. As there will be an abundance of grass for ten miles up and down from Grinnel's Station, you can send McCleave's company to that point. His horses will keep fat by grazing, if they have not too much to do. The colonel commanding will shortly send another company of cavalry to join him. If the Tontos are hostile he is to shoot or hang every one he sees. This will be order enough for Captain McCleave; he will do the work effectually. If there is any danger of Hunter's company coming over to the Pima Villages to destroy or consume Mr. White's flour, push on the best company of infantry you havewith McCleave's and forty of his best men, the remainder of his company to remain at Grinnel's to protect the barley, and not to eat up the hay or the barley. This company of infantry and McCleave's men must select a site capable of defense, accessible to permanent water, even if invested by an enemy. This must be carefully and speedily intrenched, the men working if necessary night and day. Indians may be gotten to help at this work. All of White's wheat and flour must be put inside of it, and such other subsistence stores as can be procured in that neighborhood, such as beans, peas, dried pumpkins, salted or dried meat, &c. By having a good understanding with the Pimas and Papagos this work cannot be surprised. If attacked it must be defended to the last extremity. Let McCleave have two mountain howitzers and a reasonable supply of ammunition for the defense of the work. The colonel has great confidence in Captain Calloway and his company. The site should be in the neighborhood of good and permanent grazing, if such a point can be found. It is represented here that the Sacaton is a good point for grass, but great pains must be taken in exploring the neighborhood to find the best place before breaking ground. In case this force goes there, as suggested, another company of cavalry will be added to it as soon as possible. It is therefore important that at least fifty tons of hay be at once put up under the guns of the fort on the leeward side, having reference to the prevailing winds, but so stacked as not to afford shelter to an enemy. There should be a good supply of wood corded up within or near the work; this having been done, it would take a large force and a long time to drive McCleave out of it. Send with him all the empty sacks you have at the fort, and be sure that from this time every

59 R R-VOL L, PT I.

