
sack, and pork, molasses, and vinegar barrel shall be preserved for use as water barrels. Twenty of these must be carefully hooped and send to Alamo Station, there to be filled with water to keep them from dropping to pieces until they are needed. By McCleave's moving up, say to Fort Breckinridge (after he has been re-enforced by a cavalry company), and taking Tucson in reverse, say in the night, having first had the town carefully reconnoitered by Indian spiers, he will be able to capture or destroy Mr. Hunter and his band of renegades and traitors. And again, there must be trails and by-paths off the great traveled road known to the Indians, through which such a force as McCleave's could be piloted so as to fall upon the town unawares of a single person in it. Of course no one must be permitted to pass on to that point, and no one coming out from Tucson to the Pima Villages must be permitted to return; so that the Texans will not know of McCleave's being at the Pima Villages, or of any force in advance of Fort Yuma until they are attacked. You can say (confidentially) to all the officers at your post (except McCleave) that this force is going up to whip the Tontos, now so troublesome. By taking nothing but flour, sugar, and coffee, and beef on the hoof (the flour and beef to be replenished at Grinnel's and the Pima Villages) the troops can travel light, carrying nothing else save ammunition and intrenching tools. The colonel commanding directs that you send Assistant Surgeon McKee with McCleave's command. If the company of cavalry from here does not arrive in time, and McCleave through his spies finds that with the company of infantry and his own company he can capture or kill Hunter and his men, he need not leave any of his own men at Grinnel's. These two companies must have at least 100 rounds of ammunition per man. Hunter and his men must not be underrated. They will fight well. They are armed with the cavalry musketoon and one or two revolvers per man. They are mounted on American horses and have no sabers. They have three wagons for transportation. If they are captured, they are to be sent on foot to California, the horses being retained at Grinnel's for the use of the First Cavalry. Tell Captain McCleave that a copy of these instructions will be sent to General Wright, and that much will be expected of him and Captain Calloway whether they are attacking the Tontos, fortifying themselves at the Pimas, or making a demonstration on Hunter. In relation to water wagons, the colonel commanding directs me to say to you that he has not time to send to San Francisco fust be made tight with wood or lined with tin from ammunition boxes. You are authorized to employ the two citizen mechanics of whon you speak in your communication of March 4 to complete this work. You cannot cut too much hay, and you must imagine the points where it will be most needed, counting from Carriso Creek eastward to the Pima Villages, but you must keep your own counsel about this. All that is put on the road beyond Fort Yuma, it can be said, will be needed for the expedition against the Tontos. The colonel commanding directs that you say to Captain McCleave that if it should happen that he should go to Tucson, and should be successful, he must try to catch one Elias Brevoort, a spy and traitor, let him be where he may, in that vicinity, and when caught, let him be tried by a military commission; and if he be found guilty of playing the spy or traitor, let him be hung as speedily as possible. You must make some arrangements with Mr. Yager to pay the small debts contracted by order of the colonel commanding, and amounting to about $50. We will soon be in funds to liquidate all our debts. The colonel commanding gives you authority to permit parties to bring

