
in flour from Sonora, provided that every pound of it is brought on to our side of the river under guns of the fort. It must not be left on the opposite side, perhaps to feed an enemy. The 1,000 Sonorans you speak of must not go up to the gold mines without the authority of the general commanding the department. When they cross at all they must cross at Fort Yuma and leave their arms at the fort. The provisions and stores they bring for sale must be deposited on this side of the river under the guns of the fort. There need be no further correspondence on this point. One thing in this letter must be clear to you, that Brady, Martin, and Kilbride are the only persons you are authorized to cross over the river without a passport from General Wright (see his order in the case) and these three men must take the oath of allegiance. Upon the receipt of this letter the political prisoners, Edwards and Chum, are to be securely ironed, and are to be kept in irons until further orders. Their irons must be carefully inspected by the officer of the guard every time the relief is charged. The colonel commanding directs you to say to all the political prisoners that, although he is unwilling to do so, yet, if another one of them even attempts to escape, the entire party will be at once placed in irons. Last of all, the district commander directs me to say to you that when expresses come this way you are not to inform the commanding officer of any other post, or any person whatever, either officially or privately, of what is going on at your post. The colonel commanding cautions you in this respect, and expects you to caution your officers and men. You are to communicate directly with these headquarters, and the colonel commanding will be the judge of what shall be told to others. Two wagons which leave here to-day with lumber to curb up Indian Well have been ordered to proceed on to report to you. These may proceed on as a part of the transportation for McCleave. The colonel commanding has directed Colonel West to clean out and repair all the wells east of Carriso Creek, to and including Indian Well. Inclosed are the charges against Private Jones of Company D, First Infantry California Volunteers. Your court should try these, conclude its labors, and adjourn sine die, and forward the proceedings at once to department headquarters. McCleave can make a contract with Mr. Grinnel for what beef he requires; but it is expected that Mr. Grinnel will not fill this contract by beeves which he may be able to purchase of Rhodes or others near Fort Yuma. These cattle will be needed for other troops which are to move up the Colorado, so it would be better, if possible, for Mr. Grinnel to furnish McCleave with beeves from Sonora, or from this side of the desert. Send word to him that if he has on hand, say, 100 head of beeves capable of yielding 500 pounds per head, the colonel commanding thinks he will be able to sell them, if he will sell them at a fair price. The campaign against the Tontos will doubtless last all summer. He must send word at once what he will do in this respect.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

CAMP DRUM, March 15, 1862.

Captain WILLIAM McCLEAVE,

Frist Cavalry California Volunteers, Fort Yuma, Cal.:

MY DEAR CAPTAIN: You will see by an official letter to Major Rigg, marked confidential, that I have marked out some work for you. * If

---------------

* See next, ante.

---------------

