
by forced marches you can follow trails, and unawares fall on Hunter at Tucson will his 100 mounted Texans, you having your company of infantry, it would be a coup that would last you all your life. It will require great resolution, great labor, great privations, and first-rate dash and good pluck-every man determined never to give up from the word go, and success is yours. You should have spies ahead to keep you warned of danger of ambushes, &amp;c., en route, and to let you know all about the enemy. What you do must be done at once. If the men take only the clothes they stand in, no greatcoat, one blanket, and only provisions and ammunition, you can haul some forage until you come within striking distance. The Pimas will make good spies and anxiliaries; get as many as you need. Sacrifice everything to gain success. I shall send Pishon, for whom I got a commission as captain, vice Singer, to report for duty in advance of Fort Yuma in connection with yourself. But it will be a week before he can start from here, so that time, which is precious now, will be lost. If yourself and Calloway can make a dash, so much the more glory for both of you. Rigg, Calloway, and yourself may be in the secret, but no other man until you have passed the Pima Vilages. When you leave Fort Yuma you are to say go on a campaign against the Tontos. These Indians are to be whipped, but if you can catch Hunter before commencing on them, so much the better. I am told that by going to the copper mines you can take a road via Tinaja Alta and a trail through to Tucson, which has now got water along it. On this road you will have one distance of sixty and one of forty miles without water, but no one will expect a force by that trail. If you go up the Gila to White's you will keep your animals in heart, have grain, and the help of White and the Indians. Take your choise. If Hunter has been re-enforced, all of which you will learn at the Pimas, then of course you will make the redoubt and prepare a sub-depot at the Pimas as sent forth in my letter to Rigg; so that if you move up the Gila you must go prepared to do the work chalked out in that letter. Infantry are much better than your uninstructed cavalry on horseback. Once they get Hunter's men under fire they will make them howl. If I were you I should depend on all my men on foot. Hunter's are mounted on strong American horses and can ride you down; but if you can get at them in the night, I doubt if ever a man of them gets into the saddle. I am anxious for you to have this duty; but you are not to leave anything to chance, not go Tucson unless you are certain you can succeed. Matters are progressing slowly here, but I shall soon take the field-say in three weeks.

In great haste, sincerely, your friend,

JAMES H. CARLETON.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., March 16, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WEST,

First Infantry California Vols., Commanding at Camp Wright, Cal.:

COLONEL: The hill five miles this side of Vallecito must be repaired by a party of men from your camp under the charge of some practical lieutenant. The first lieutenant of Captain Hinds' company, of the Fifthe Infantry California Volunteers, is a thoroughgoing young man, and such a one as I should select for this business. Wagon-master Veck says that the right-hand road going down the above-named hill

