
teams until the three belonging to this post return from San Diego, in case I should be required to re-enforce Fort Yuma at short notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Camp Drum, near New San Pedro, Cal.,

Sunday Evening, March 16, 18662.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WEST,

First Infantry California Vols., Commanding at Camp Wright, Cal.:

COLONEL: Order Captain Greene's company to march to Fort Yuma without delay. It will not take tents, but will take 10,000 rounds of ammunition and rations only sufficient for the march. The transportation can be the transportation of your camp, if none of the wagons recently sent hence with forage and subsistence have reached you. It they have come to hand, send only enough of the latter to get the company through. All of the wagons are much needed here, and great reductions must be made in everything except ammunition and food and forage, so as to have as few move with the troops as possible. Look closely to this.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE. -No one but Captain Greene need know the destintion of this company.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Camp Drum, near New San Pedro, Cal., March 16, 1862-7 p. m.

Major E. A. RIGG,

First Infantry California Vols., Commanding at Fort Yuma, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have just received your note and Mr. Jones' statement. Mead's company for lack of forage had been ordered to Camp Carleton. It is fortunate you did not get it-the horses are so miserable forty-five of them have since been condemned. I have just sent word to Fergusson to send Captain Pishon's company to you, and if possible to get it through the San Gorgonio Pass. It is possible, though hardly probable, that Hunter may not have destroyed White's wheat and mill. If White could have gotten together the Pimas, Hunter with such a force would have had a warm reception. McCleave is too good a soldier to have been taken. I think you will find him all right. Now, if Hunter has come over and destroyed that flour and any of the hay, there is the greater reason why McCleave and Pishon and Calloway take the trail by Tinaja Alta, and falling suddenly upon Hunter destroy him. Troops will not be expected by that route. Do this if possible, but keep spies at least 100 miles in advance. If you find that the Texans at Gila City have been playing the spy, hang them. I do not believe that Sibley will send any 2,000 men to Tucson. I would not be surprised if he had been whipped at Craig. It was right, in case he moved on Craig, to send Hunter out toward California to give notice of any advance from this quarter which would cut him off from Texas. You are on the

