
ground, and can make any demonstration on Hunter which can be done with the three companies I have named, but no more troops must go in advance of Fort Yuma until further orders. I have just ordered West to send you Greene's company (G), First Infantry California Volunteers. Keep me advised of everything of importance which transpires around you. All this will not prevent you from carrying out my orders about the desert this side of Yuma. Of what you do in advance you must be the judge. But you must make no doubtful demonstration; you must be sure of success.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE. -You youself must not leave Fort Yuma. Do not be stampeded. Let everything you do be the result of deliberate calculation. Keep your own counsel.

J. H. C.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT CAVALRY OREGON VOLS.,Portland, Oreg., March 16, 1862.

[Brigadier General G. WRIGHT:]

GENERAL: Yours of the 24th ultimo, notifying me of your authority to modify instructions given to me by the War Department, under date 24th September last, is received, and, as you have ordered, I have directed the organization of the six companies only which you mention. To do so two companies, which are being recruited, will be transferred to others not yet filled. Lieutenant-Colonel Maury has two full companies at Jacksonville and two more in process of organization in that part of the State. I have another full company at Salem. The others are being recruited at Oregon City, The Dalles, and these headquarters. I think a sufficient number of men are recruited to complete the organization of the sic companies allowed, and here therefore ordered recruiting to be stopped until complete returns are rendered. As soon as these returns can be obtained I will forward them as you have directed. I hope to be able to do so by the first of next month.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. R. CORNELIUS,

Colonel First Regiment Cavalry Oregon Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., March 17, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Fifth Infantry California Vols., Commanding at Camp Latham, Cal.:

COLONEL: I inclose herewith the copy of a letter which Mr. S. A. Bishop, of Fort Tejon, informs me he received from a Mr. W. A. Greenly, at Owen's Lake Valley. This letter represents that some serious difficulties may be apprehended between the white people and the Indians of that valley. You will at once order Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, to proceed via Fort Tejon, the Tejon Reservation, and Walker's Basin to Owen's Lake to inquire into the truth of all the matters set forth in this letter which relate to the difficulties just named. Lieutenant-Colonel Evans will have for an escort Captain

