
Winne, Lieutenant French, and Lieutenant Oliver, and forty men picket from the three companies of cavalry at Camp Latham, and he will leave Camp Latham for the scen of these apprehended difficulties Wednesday morning, the 19th instant. The party will have forty days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunitions per man. Beef can be bought upon the road, and barley at Fort Tejon and at Walker's Basin. I have heard that the white men went into Owen's Lake Valley and took their stock onto the fields of grass which is cultivated by those Indians, the root of the grass being used by them as an article of food, and that, on the Indians remonstrating with them, they persisted in keeping their stock in these fields. The Indians in Owen's Lake Valley are known to be an inoffensive, gentle race. Up to this time they have never been hostile to the whites. They live mostly on the larvae of a fly which lays its eggs upon the water of the lake. These are driven ashore by the winds and gathered in large quantities for food. The Indians there depend on this article and on the grass roots for their subsistence. So you can judge that a people who require the use of no other weapons than such as are necessary to procure these supplies are not very dangerous as an enemy. It was the intention of the Government at one time to make that region of country a reservation for all the Indians in Southern California. Since the Washoe and Coso mines have been discovered, people have gone into this valley with stock, to be convenient to the mines for the sale of beef, &amp;c., and the poor Indians are doubtless at a loss to know to live, having their fields turned into pastures whether they are willing or not willing. It is very possible, therefore, that the whites are to blame, and it is also probable that in strict justice they should be compelled to move away and leave the valley to its rightful owners. Another consideration must be taken into account. The whites there may desire to have a military post in that vicinity, ect them as to be a market for their beef. The question will be as to the necessity for such a post. If it shall prove on inquiry that a military post should be established there, as Lieutenant-Colonel Evans is now the only available cavalry field officer in the district who could be sent to establish it, it would be well for him to have an eye to a site, say for a two-company cavalry post, while he is on duty ordered in this letter. Lieutenant Frink will furnish Colonel Evans with three of the wagons and teams which he has just received at San Pedro for transportation. Lieutenant-Colonel Evans will make a written report of his labors, to be sent to General Wright, to whom I forward a copy of this letter.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Camp Drum, Cal., March 17, 1862.

Major D. FERGUSSON,

First Cavalry California Vols., Commanding at Camp Carleton, Cal.:

MAJOR: This will be handed to you by Mr. J. W. Janes. Mr. Jones will inform you of the reasons why it is necessary for Captain Pishon to move as quickly as possible; to carry rations in the haversacks of the men, to carry barley in sucks, to use pack-mules if they can be had, and to go the route through the San Gorgonio Pass, if possible. Mr.

