
Jones will pilot him over the road. No one must know of the intelligence which Mr. Jones communicates to you except Captain Pishon and yourself.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Camp Drum, Cal., March 17, 1862.

Major E. A. RIGG,

First Infantry California Vols., Commanding at Fort Yuma, Cal.:

MAJOR: This letter will be handed to you by Mr. J. W. Jones, who will make known to you the views of the colonel commanding in relation to the disposition of McCleave's and Pishon's companies of cavalry and Colloway's company of infantry, increased to 100 strong. This movement has for its object the capture of the secession forces in and about Tucson, Ariz. Ter., and the colonel directs me to remind you that time is now everything; that a bold and rapid movement is the only thing which will accomplish the object had in view, and that whatever is done, must be done without delay. The colonel commanding is informed that Mr. J. W. Jones, of Fort Yuma, has about 5,000 pounds of good corn which he will sell at 5 cents per pound. You are at liberty to bui it, and 20,000 pounds more of corn or barley, if you can get it. You are also at liberty to buy Mr. Jones' mules, say not to exceed twenty, at a fair price. He says that some six of them are worth $200 apiece; the remainder $125 apiece. You may need these mules for McCleave's expedition against Tucson. Work quick, night and day, and you are bound, all of you, to get immense credit. If you can, destroy or capture Hunter and his men and send me their flag. The colonel commanding desires that you have as little barley consumed at your post as possible. If Hunter is taken, his horses should be brought down as far as Grinnel's on that good grass. McCleave's and Pishon's horses, in this event, will be kept at the Pima Villages, the troopsed themselves, and the prisoners marched down to Fort Yuma by a guard of infantry and but few mounted men. This will get the horses fat and in good condition for any work which you may hereafter turn up east of the Pima Villages, and prevent your barley from being eaten up. The colonel commanding directs that Assistant Surgeon McKee accompany the command on the trail. Since writing to you about the pemmican, it is decided by the colonel commanding that you cannot wait for it. Mr. Jones will tell you about taking rations, and about getting supplies at Tucson, if the party is successful; if not successful, and they cannot purchase beef, they will not starve as long as they have horses and myles. But above all things, do not break everything down by carrying unnecessary baggage and prisoners. On all of these points consult with Mr. Jones, who has been over the country; figure closely, but figure quick. Be sure that every mounted man has an empty sack for barley, and that the infantry company take intrenching tools.

In conclusion, the colonel commanding directs me to say to you that if the infantry pass up the road by where the copper-mine road turns off, a day in advance of the time when the cavalry turns off to go toward the copper mine, the enemy's spies will report on the advance of the infantry and not wait to report on the advance of the cavalry.

