
West, at Camp Wright, that Captain Mead's company of cavalry had been ordered back to Camp Carleton, which is to be regretted, as I could use him to good advantage now. Rations and forage have been at Cooke's Wells, Alamo, and Indian Well since the 16th for seventy-five men and animals. Indian Well will require repairing. There should be one-half-inch lumber sent there, and a new well dug. The lumber we have not at the post. I will, however, try and get some here, and send a few men out to fix it up. The water beds will be ready for use on the 26th. Their capacity will be nearly 600 gallons each. Lieutenant Harvey has just arrived and reports the hay party getting along swimmingly. They are getting in fine hay. Mr. Noyes, partner of Mr. White, arrived last evening and thinks he will not go forward, having learned here of the destruction of their mill and other property at the Pimas. He has written to you by this express. Another company of cavalry will effectually block up the road between this post and Grinnel's, or beyond it, and will enable us in return to reciprocate. Although a whole staff would not compensate us for the loss of Captain McCleave, his anxiety about the safety of Mr. Jones, as represented by Mr. Grinnel, induced him to advance so far forward, and the result has been his capture. I have just learned from Captain Johnson that we can get lumber enough from the steam-boat campany to fix the well at Indian Well. I will have the frame made here and sent out with men enough to dig a new one, which will furnish an abundance of water for any ordinary purpose or numbere of animals. Captain Johnson arrived last evening with his meachanics to build a new boat. He looks for it about the 1st of April, and expects to have it running in six from that time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] STANWIX STATION, March 19, 1862.

Major E. A. RIGG,

First Infantry California Vols., Commanding at Fort Yuma:

MAJOR: The man King and the Spaniard just arrived here from the Pimas. They were at White's place. It was all burned. The captain and his party were captured by a party of about thirty some twenty miles this side of the villages, and tied hand and foot. White is also carried off. He was served in like manner. There was no fighting. The rebels returned to Tucson, and were not seen for ten days previous to the arrival of King and the Mexican, but while they were there the chief ran in and told them that the rebls were coming from Tucson. They started immediately, closely followed by the secessionists. They cannot tell how many, but they avoided them by taking the cut off. King knows the country well, and executed his mission well and faithfully. He made the trip there and back in sixty-four hours. There was a haystack burned up about twenty-three miles this side of the Pima Villages, which he supposes was furnished by White. There was no sign of any party having been any nearer this way.

JAMES BARRETT,

Second Lieutenant, First Cavalry California Volunteers.

