HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., March 20, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Fifth Infty. California Vols., Commanding at Camp Latham, Cal.:

COLONEL: Have Captain Smith's company (B), Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, prepared for active field service according to the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 3, current series, from these headquarters. The articles of company property not needed on the march should be boxed up and turned in to the depot at San Pedro for storage. The company will be furnished with twenty rounds of ammunition per man and ten days' rations of subsistence. Orders for the movement of Company B will be sent to you in two days. Circumstances connected with the movement of troops in and from this district render it necessary that you should hold your whole regiment ready to take the field at an hour's notice. The companies remaining with you should be taught the skirmish drill, and be proficient in their target practice in the shortest time practicable. I shall not feel surprised to get an order for your whole regiment to go with me on an expedition now organizing under the general's direction.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., March 20, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WEST,

First Infantry California Vols., Commanding at Camp Wright, Cal.:

COLONEL: Soper's company may come via Temecula, and not go to Camp Wright. No cavalry will for the present move by the way of Camp Wright to Yuma. All wagons not absolutely necessary at Camp Wright must be sent at once to San Pedro. You were right in retaining the ambulance. The shoes which you have are all we have in store. I have written for 400 pairs of sevens, eights, and nines for Camp Wright.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Coloneia Volunteers, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 7. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 20, 1862.

As soon as steam-boat communication with The Dalles is re-established Company B (Fitch's), Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed to Fort Dalles and relieve the present garrison, Company A (Smith's), Second Infantry California Volunteers. When relieved Captain Smith with his company will proceed to and take post at Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter. The detachment at the Warm Springs Reservation will be relieved as soon as possible and join its company at this place. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation for these movements.

A. CADY,Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Infantry, Commanding District.

