HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT TEXAS MOUNTED RIFLES,Mesilla, March 20, 1862.

Captain HELM,

Commanding Arizona Guards:

SIR: I learn from Lieut. J. J. Jackson that the Indians have been in to your post for the purpose of making a treaty. The Congress of the Confederate States has passed a law declaring extermination to all hostile Indians. You will therefore use all means to persuade the Apaches or any tribe to come in for the purpose of making peace, and when you get them together kill all the grown Indians and take the children prisoners and sell them to defray the expense of killing the Indians. Buy whisky and such other goods as may be necessary for the Indians and I will order vouchers given to cover the amount expended. Leave nothing undone to insure success, and have a sufficient number of men around to allow no Indian to escape. Say nothing of your orders until the time arrives, and be cautious how you let the Mexicans know it. If you can't trust them send to Captain Aycock, at this place, and he will send thirty men from his company-but use the Mexicans if they can be trusted, as bringing troops from here might excite suspicion with the Indians. To your judgment I intrust this important matter and look to you for success against these cursed pests who have already murdered over 100 men in this Territory.

I am, &amp;c., yours, with great respect,

JOHN R. BAYLOR,

Colonel Commanding Second Regiment Texas Mounted Rifles.

AJDUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 21, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

The Secretary of War directs you to make the necessary preparations and disposition of your troops to protect emigrants and the Overland Mail Route from Indian hostilities and depredations. Report what you can do. Can Colonel Carleton have the immediate direction?

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, March 21, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Southern District, Los Angeles, Cal.:

COLONEL: The express for district headquarters had been made up and gone when your express arrived bringing communications from the colonel commanding. I have the honor to report that a party under the command of First Lieutenant Benson, First Infantry California Volunteers, started early this morning to put the wells on the desert in good repair as far as Carriso Creek. I gave instructions to Lieutenant Benson to have a new well dug at Indian Well, and forwarded lumber for that purpose. I had already four barrels sunk and filled with water at Indian Well and the Alamo (each four). I have also the honor to report that the Indians alluded to at Indian Well have not been seen there, or in the neighborhood, for several weeks. I will see that they do not use the wells in future. But three horses of Company A, First Cavalry, are at this post. These are kept for express purposes between this post and Mission Camp. The hay which has been consumed

