
sumed by them will be replaced as fast as I can find transportation for it. I would respectfully state to the colonel commanding that we are sadly deficient in tools for getting in a large quartity of hay, and also in transportation for it, having had but three wagons at the post until the arrival of the clothing with three more, which I have been using for that purpose. The teams which arrived with Captain McCleave's company returned to Camp Wright on the 13th, carrying rations and forage to the Alamo and Indian Well. If the post was supplied with more transportation I could comply with very nearly all that the district commander requires, except perhaps Pilot Knob. The district commander will find from Mr. Grinnel's report that with the exception of Antelope Peak there have been ten tons of hay furnished at all the stations between Mission Camp and Grinnel's. There are now at Mission Camp ten tons of hay, and the party under Lieutenant Taylor is busily engaged in hauling to that post. I have the honor to report, also, that one team left this morning with baled hay for the Alamo. It is only for want of transportation that any failure can occur. Mr. Yager reports for the information of the district commander that he will have 200 head of beef-cattle here in a very short time, and can furnish as many more as may be required by sending word to his agent, B. Weld, San Felipe. He can concentrate any number at that point, where good grazing can be procured. He suggests that from that point he can forward in six days in good order as many as will be required from him. I have the honor to report that the brig Rice sailed on the 4th of March, instead of the 24th of February, for the mouth of the river. His instructions in reference to her will be complied with. Captain Johnson, who has just arrived here, assures me that there is no mistake about the date of sailing. I have also the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding district, that Mr. Rhodes lost a large number of his cattle during the overflow. I have sent to him to know how many he has and his price for them delivered on this side of the river, or at Gila City, and their age and probable weight (average). In conclusion, acting assistant quartermaster's tri-monthly report shows the means of transportation at this post, which is increased by three teams from Camp Wright, and which I have detained.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 22, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith is a communication which I have received from Colonel Thomas R. Cornelius, First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers. * So soon as Colonel Cornelius shall have perfected the organization of the six companies he will be ordered to the eastern frontier of Oregon and Washington to maintain peace between the Indians and a very large number of our own people now there or en route for the gold mines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

---------------

* See March 16, p. 935.

---------------

