
to have Bowie's regiment ready to assist me in case it should be necessary for it to do so. When I move, if I take and hold Tucson, I can doubtless supply myself in a great measure from Sonora, and send back my train for Bowie, who can be at Yuma, so that we should need no additinal transportation, but should need additional supplies of provisions and barley sent around by steam to the mouth of the Colorado to be there in time. Could not the Active bring their supplies around? If is even yet impossible, from the miry condition of the roads, to haul any supplies from San Diego to Camp Wright. An empty train cannot go from Temecula to San Diego. I am getting supplies out upon the road from here as fast as possible. As soon as I hear that the brig Rice is at the mouth of the Colorado I desire to move. The weather upon the desert is getting to be very hot, even now. I trust the funds will be down on the Senator. It will be well to have a good supply of subsistence stores and barley at Yuma. It will be a very important anchor to the windward in case you should wish to re-enforce me. I do not ask for another man now, because before any more expenses are incurred I wish to know more certainly what I am to encounter. You have seen that Major Davidson and a score of others junior to myself are brigadier-generals. I feel that I am not thought to be worthy of advancement by those in authority, yet I shall do my best to carry out your wishers, and honestly and faithfully to discharge my duties to the country.

Sincerely, yours,

JAMES H. CARLETON.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP CARLETON,On San Gabriel River, near El Monte, Cal., March 22, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: In compliance with the requirements of paragraph 467 of the Revised Regulations of the Army, I have the honor to report the following charges in the location of the troops under my command, viz: First. On the 16th instant Company E, First Cavalry California Volunteers, which arrived at Camp Carleton, near San Bernardino, from Camp Wright, left for this present camp and arrived here on the 17th instant, per instructions from district headquarters, dated the 14th instant. Second. Company D, First Cavalry California Volunteers, was transferred to Fort Yuma on the 18th instant, per instructions from district headquarters dated the 16th instant. Third. On the 20th instant the headquarters and Company B, First Cavalry California Volunteers, left Camp Carleton, near San Bernardino, Cal., and marched to this present camp, arriving here on the 21st instant, per instructions from district headquarters, dated the 14th instant. The tri-monthly return of this command of this date, and this day transmitted to you, is an exact return as required by the paragraph of regulations above quoted. This camp is situated on the right bank of the San Gabriel River, four miles northeast from El Monte, the nearest post-office, and which is distant thirteen miles from Los Angeles. Wood, water, and grass are abundant. Supplies of grain and fresh beef, the former at from 2 to 2 3/4 cents per pound, and the latter at $12 per head on the hoof, can be obtained as required. No other military resourses.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

60 R R-VOL L, PT I.

