HEADQUARTERS CAMP CARLETON,On San Gabriel River, near El Monte, Cal., March 22, 1862.

Lieutenant BEN. C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Camp Drum, near San Pedro, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I arrived here with headquarters First Cavalry and Company B, First Cavalry California Volunteers, yesterday afternoon, having left old Camp Carleton on the morning of the 20th instant. The camp is situated at the point where Captain Mead was placed by Lieutenant L. Hammond, about four miles northeast from the Monte, which is the nearest post-office. I have respectfully to request instructions on the point touched upon in my letter of the 19th instant, in regard to the disposition to be made of subsistence, forage, lumber (a trifling quartity), and property of Companies A and D, First Cavalry California Volunteers, left at Camp Carleton, near San BernardiNumbers I have had instructions to send subsistence as was left after moving camp to Temescal under charge of Lieutenant Coleman and fourteen men, but as the entire amount does not exceed 6,000 pounds, I deemed it for the interest of the service to await further instructions before sending it to Temescal. The property of Companies A and D I had not transportation to send to Camp Wright with. It will require, I fear, three wagons. Two might possible take it; then two wagons would bring the subsistence here, or take it to Temescal, and it will require five wagons to remove the forage. This morning I returned five wagons to old Camp Carleton; two of them belong to this camp. Three are in charge of Mr. Miller, who brought the arms from San Pedro, and were sent back to bring the rifles and all pertaining to rifles here, en route to San Pedro, as directed. One was sent belonging to Lieutenant Hammond's train at his request. I instructed Lieutenant Coleman to send back Miller's wagons with the rifles, &amp;c., at once, and keep the rest until further orders. I had to leave two foundered horses at the camp also. One belonged to the Second Cavalry California Volunteers, and was ridden by Sergeant Roberts, of Company B, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, when he brought the detachment of Company D, First Cavalry California Volunteers. An express just arrived here with some printed department orders, but no instructions on the point above referred to, as I expected. The wagons will arrive at old Camp Carleton to-morrow night, and I am anxious to have no delay occur for want of instructions. The two wagons that left with Captain Pishon's company on the 18th instant are there now also, and the four wagons sent with Lieutenant Barrett's detachment on the 2nd instant will probably be there in a day or two. I have to report that the estimate sent for stationery a mounth ago has not been complied with, and my facilities for writing are execrable.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., March 22, 1862.

Major E. A. RIGG,

First Infantry California Vols., Commanding at Fort Yuma, Cal.:

MAJOR: Inclosed is a list of some tools for cutting hay, some rope for baling hay, some boxes of Sharps carbine ammunition, some carbines, some navy revolvers, and twelve long-handled shovels for intrenching.

