
I also send 5,000 pounds of pemmican, to be used by men in making forced marches where it is necessary for every man to carry several days' rations of food in his haversack, and to be used where parties are liable to be besieged. This lot of tools, &amp;c., goes on a train of fifteen wagons. If the force is successful which has gone to Tucson, I want a company of infantry, one of your best-say Captain Smith's, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers-to proceed to the fine grazing near Grinnel's and there intrench itself, working night and day if necessary, being careful to have permanent water close by, with no position, say, within 800 yards that commands it. All the wagons you can spare, including these fifteen, are to take barley to that point, and rations for the company for sixty days. I wish to have 150,000 pounds of barley put there at the earliest practicable moment, to be guarded by the infantry company until needed by the troops who are to operate against the Tontos. In case of necessity the sacks of barley would make a good breast-work, but if the company is what I have heard it is in the way of excellence, it can make itself perfectly secure from any force that can be sent against it. There is to be no surrender when once they have gotten there. As these teams return for more barley they can deposit hay at points this side of Grinnel's, where it may be needed. The troops can get beef of Grinnel. All this is to be done in case our troops at Tucson have been successful, and in case it can be done without too much risk. In case, in your judgment, it would not be safe to send this company, from causes known to you, but not known to me, you are to keep it at your post, and return all the wagons you can spare to report to me.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., March 22, 1862.

ORION CLEMENS,

Acting Governor, Carson City, Nev. Ter.:

The general will not consent to send any troops to Owen's River.

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., March 22, 1862.

Captain E. A. ROWE,

Commanding Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter.:

No troops will be sent to Owen's River.

By order:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS. Numbers 1. Fort Anderson, March 22, 1862.

The Fort Anderson Military District comprises all that region of country lying between Redwood Creek on the south and Klamath River on the north.

By order of C. D. Douglass, captain commanding:

P. B. JOHNSON,

Second Lieutenant and Post Adjutant.

