
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 2. Fort Anderson, March 22, 1862.

All officers, guides, and men of this command are strictly prohibited from killing or wounding any Indian unless in self-defense, in action, or by order of a superior officer. Any disobedience of this order will subject the offender to immediate arrest and trial by cour-martial at Fort Humboldt, the penalty being death. All whites residing in the Fort Anderson Military District who shall wantonly kill or maim any Indian will be prosecuted with the utmost rigor of the law, military and civil.

By order of C. D. Douglas, captain commanding:

P. B. JOHNSON,

Second Lieutenant and Post Adjutant.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 31. Los Angeles, Cal., March 23, 1862.

I. Colonel Bowie, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will order Company B, of his regiment, to take up its line of march for Camp Wright, Cal., on Monday, the 24th instant. The company will be prepared for field service, agreeably to General Orders, Numbers 3, corrent series, and to a letter of instructions dated the 20th instant, both from these headquarters. The transportation will be two of the wagons sent yesterday by Captain Moore, assistant quartermaster, to Camp Latham. The third wagon sent there by Captain Moore will be laden with barley and accompany the other two.

* * * * *

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,

Los Angeles, Cal., March 23, 1862.

Major D. FERGUSSON,

First Cavalry California Volunteers,

Commanding at Camp Carleton, neat El Monte, Cal.:

MAJOR: If you have Boland in confinement on other charges than those for escaping from the guard you can send him for trial to Camp Latham, if the charges are of capital offense. The subsistence stores and barley now at old Camp Carleton will be moved to Temescal, as directed in my letter of the 14th instant. The lember you can send to the depot quartermaster at New San Pedro. This done, I desire that every wagon and team pertaining to your camp except one, and the ambulance and team, be sent without delay to Captain Moore, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, at New San Pedro, Cal. Have the three foundered horses taken to Temescal. The office furniture and all other property pertaining to your command not required for field service, agreeably with what is set forth in Orders, Numbers 3, current series, from these headquarters, had better be transferred without delay to the depot quartermaster at New Pedro, Cal., for storage. Give Lieutenant James a leave for four days after Lieutenant Wardwell returns. You will d a few horses from Oregon by next Senator. The general will not order any to be bought to replace those condemned, for the present. So you must put those into best candition possible for the immediate field service. Have all your horses

