
carefully shod, commencing with the best horses, and forbid any horses being ridden faster than a trot except by order. Have as few expressmen upon the road as possible, and as few men on detached service, mounted, as possible. I doubt if you remain in your present camp over ten days at furthest, so that you can make all your arrangements about forage, subsistence stores, &amp;c., accordingly. Forbid any mounted passes.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE. -Have your men drill at target practice with the carbine, commencing at seventy yards and progressing upward ten yards per day to 150 yards, three shots each distance.

J. H. C.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 24, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS R. CORNELIUS,

Oregon Volunteers, Portland, Oreg.:

SIR: The commissary of subsistence has been directed by the general commanding the department to forward to Jacksonville subsistence for twenty days for four companies of your battalion. The general desires you to concentrate your battalion preparatory to marching to the Walla Walla country. As it is very expensive in consequence of the many difficulties of sending supplies to Jacksonville, you will draw the companies to the Willamette Valley as soon as the roads are passable. Supplies for your command will be forwarded from San Francisco.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,New San Pedro, Cal., March 25, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Fifth Infantry California Vols., Commanding at Camp Latham, Cal.:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding directs that you turn over to First Lieutenant Shinn, Third U. S. Artillery, such quartity of canister shot for 12-pounders mountain howitzers as you may have on hand; also twenty-nine rounds of spherical-case shot for 12-pounder mountain howitzers, and sufficient powder from your blank cartridges to enable these rounds of howitzer ammunition to be fired from field pieces. Lieutenant Shinn receipt to you for these articles, and you can replace them by making a requisition on the ordnance officer at Benicia. Lieutenant Shinn goes to Camp Latham on an experimental trip with his battery. He will not attach himself to your camp, but you can furnish him with the fuel, forage, and subsistence stores he may require, for which Lieutenant Hammond will receipt to your quartermaster. The colonel commanding also directs that you at once send all of your teams to Los Angeles to haul to Camp Latham all of the barley stored in the depot at Los Angeles, as the depot is to be given up by the Government on the 31st instant.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

