HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,New San Pedro, Cal., March 25, 1862.

First Lieutenant JOHN B. SHINN,

Commanding Light Company A, Third Artillery, U. S. Army:

LIEUTENANT: The colonel commanding directs that you leave this camp at 8 o'clock to-morrow morning with your battery complete, with one day's forage secured and arranged as for service, with the detachments in marching order, and having their blankets and all their effects properly fixed, and that you march to Camp Latham, Cal., where you will encamp for two nights and return to this camp on the 28th instant.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, Cal., March 25, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding District of Southern California:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that Captain Calloway's company (I), First Infantry California Volunteers, moved from this post on the evening of the 22d, and will reach Grinnel's on the 28th, having laid over one day at Mission Camp to allow for rations to move up, employing his whole force there at cutting hay. He left Mission Camp on the morning of the 25th. Captain McCleave's company are at Grinnel's to-day. I have forwarded as expeditiously as possible forage and rations at that point. They will have on the 29th forage and rations for the command, including Captain Pishon's company of cavalry, for twelve days; also 9,000 rounds of ammunition for the cavalry, carbine and pistol, and 7,000 rounds of ball cartridge for the infantry. Camptain Pishon arrived at this post on the morning of the 24th. His horses have all been shod, and a detachment of thirty-five of his company left this evening for Gila City en route to Grinnel's. The balance of his company will leave to-morrow; also a detachment under the command of Second Lieutenant Phelan of Company K, in charge of two 12-pounder howitzers. I have temporarily attached the unattached recruits to Captain Calloway's company to work the howitzers. They are good men and up in their drill, and go under the immediate command of their officer. This will make Captain Calloway's infantry force 97 men; Captain Pishon's command is 92, rank and file, Captain McCleave's company 83, making the fighting force 272. As fast as the limited transportation on hand will permit I have thrown them forward, and have now, or will have by the 29th, rations and forage sufficient for their immediate use. I have, after mature reflection and calculation, concluded to other them forward thus: As soon as Captain Calloway's company of infantry arrives at Grinnel's, Captain McCleave's company will extend up as far as they can find forage, keeping a sharp lookout; as soon as Captain Pishon's company arrives, Captain Calloway will march his company direct for the Pimas to attact their attention, and if possible draw them out, whilst the cavalry will make a rapid march around to the south of them and fall on their rear, not leaving any possible chance for their escape. To prevent, however, making rapid marches at the wrong places, I have sent old man Weaver and his companion, Moore, who know the whole country well, and are

