
well known to Indians, to strike across from Sutton`s into the Maricopa country, and through them obtain positive informationof the enemy being at the Pimas. He knows every foot of ground through that whole country, and is almost an Indian himself, having assisted the Maricopas against the Apaches. He will be able to have the information at Grinnel`s in nine days from this date. If they have left there, the whole company will move on directly of Tuscon, keeping the command posted thought Indians of the locality of the enemy. But as no time is to be lost to prevent Captain McCleave being carried off to Mesilla, a dash direct will be made at Tucson, taking it in the rear, or as may be considered best, after obtaining information. I have so instructor Captain Calloway, and after whipping them, to fall back on the Pimas and intrench as well as they can wiith them, and also very limited means, having but a very few intrenching tools to send with them, and also very limited means of transportation. From all the information that I could obtain in reference to the Tinaja Alta route, it is impracticable, unless every necessary were placed in the advance. For want of water neither horses nor the infantry could march it without breaking down, in which case when mosr required for hard work they would be the least able to stand up to it. The route suggested by the district commander by way of the copper mines has the same objection. If would be necessary to prospect it and provide in advance for everything necessary to put the troops trough in good fighting order. After consulting, as the colonel desired, Mr. Jones and other, who know the country well, particularly Mr. Weaver [an old trapper and scont], I came to the conclusion that the above plan was the best, and adopted it. They should only show face enough to keep them near them, whilst the others are getting in their rear; and iif Weaver is successful, which I have every confidence that he will be, Hught. McCleave`s company is pawing for the advance. Captain Pishon`s men are full of fight, and Calloway writes from on the road to Antelope Peak that his men are in fine order. They are well up in the skirmish drill and bayonet exercise, in very good state od discipline, and conposed od good material. Everything now depends upon their handling. I send at daylight the programme too Calloway, who, since the capture od McCleave, will the ranking officer. The cavarly, of course, will be handled by Captain PisHonorable His horses will be in tolerably good condition by the time he reaches Grinnel`s, which he will, making easy marches, on the 31st. Mr. Jones goes up tomorrow to go with them, and all they have now to do is to go to work. As soon as the mules come in Lieutenant Phelan will start with the howitzers. The men understand tolerably well how to handle them. They have been practiced in unlimbering and packing the piece, &amp;c., and will, I think, give a good account of themselves. If the pemmican were here it would be just the article to carry along. I have put everything in the way of transportation moving, but at this particular time feel the want of more of it. Two teams have left, loaded with baled haz, for the Alamo, one of which has returned from there and started back to night with more. I would also respectfully submit, for the information of the colonel commanding, that the forage and rations sent on to Cooke`s Wells, Indian Well, and Alamo, for the use of Captain Mead`s company of cavarly, is still there in charge of men from this post. Lieutenant Wood relieved Lieutenant Benson, Company I, with detachment of that company, marched from this post to join his company yesterday, and will reach Grinnel`s on the 29th. I have thus, I believe, informed the district commander of

