
everything done towaes shoving the detachment off to the Pimas that could be done with the means at hand, and have but one regret it-Iwould like to be with it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG

Major First Inflantry California Volunteers, Commancing.

NOTE. -I would respectfully sugest to the district dommander that some means should at once be provided to pay promptly for anything purchased from the Indians, Pimas and Maricopas, going among them, as our troops are, strangers. I would also respectfully report that I have instructed the officers to be careful of their men among the Pimas. They are, I understand, vety sensitive about their squaws, and any outrage upon them would injure the command and might operate very much against them. They are now very nuch frightened, anduntil they are satisfied that we have the power to protect them, may not be disposed to be useful. Nothing would be so well calculated to obtain their confidence as prompt payments for everything purchased frrom them. Doctor McKee informs me that the post is very deficient in the necessary hospital stores. Mr. Jones has told me that I was authorized to borrow money for the use od the oexpedition, but there are no means of doing it here. There is not any money on the river.

E. A. RIGG,

Major First Inflantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

HEAFQUARTERS,

Fort Ter-Waw, Cal., March 25, 1862.

Major Richard C. Drum,

Asst. Adjt. General Hdgrs, Dept, of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the result of a reconnaissance made by me from the fort to Crescent City to ascertain the practicability of opening a trail passable for pack-animals, and until the trail is in fit confition for travel I shall be under the necessity of paying 6 cents per pound for freight. The Klamath will be impassable for anything larger than a canoe for some time. From the fort to the Halfway House a large amount of labor will be required to open the trail, and until the invoice of quartmester`s property, &amp;c. [supposed to be en route], shall have arrived, but little can be done, As there is but about twenty days`subsistence on hand, the stores will require an immense amount of labor and material to rebuild. Nothing can be done, even should authority be given, until orders are given to purchase material or they are received from the deputy quartemaeter-general in San Francisco.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. STUARD,

Captain, Second Inflantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, March 25, 1862.

Captain C. D. Douglas,

Commanding Fort Anderson:

SIR: You are directed by the colonel commanding to march with as many men as you can spare [on the reception of this letter] in time

