
to arrive at Riley`s, on Liscombe`s Hill, on the evening of the 27th instant. You will leave Tiley`s at 7 a. m. of rhe 28th instant, timing your march so as to arrive at Mr. Zenter`s [Angel Ranch] precisely at 12 m. The object of this movement is for you to co-operate with detachments from Captains Akey`s and Heffernan`s commands, who are to arrive there [Angel Ranch] the same hour for the purpose od capturing a band of hostile Indians in that vicinity, supposed to be lurking in the woods between Angel Ranch and the crossing of the North Fork of Mad River, two or there miles to the northward of it. As it is intended to take the Indians by surpride, you will use every precaution, especially after passing Bates`, to prevent their having notice of your approach. You will take such an amount of rations and ammunition as you may deem necessary. On being joined by the other detachments you will assume command od the whole and direct such other opetations as you may deem advisable to effect the object in view. For the hiring of tra transportation for your supplies you have full authority to make the best arrangement possible.

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILIITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, March 25, 1862.

Captain HEFFERNAN,

Commanding Fort Lyon:

SIR: You are directed by the colonel commanding to march with as many men as you can spare on the morning of the 28th of March, instant, for Angel Ranch [Zenter`s], ti, img your march so as to arrove there precisely at 12 m. The object of those movement is to co-operate with detachments from Captains Fouglas`and Akey`s commands, who are to arrive at Angel Ranch at the same hour for the purpose of capturing a band of hostile Indians in that vicinity. As it is intended to take the Indians by the suprise, you will use every precaution to prevent their having notice of your approach. On joining the other detachments you will act under the command of Captain Douglas or other detachments you wiill act under the command od Captain Douglas or other seniior officer present. You will take with you such an amount of rations and ammunition as you may deem necessary. If it is necessary to hire transportation for your supplies, you are authorized to do so on the best terms in your power. If you deem proper you can send thedetachment under the command of a company officer instead of accompanying it yourself.

By order od Colonel Lippitt:

JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General,

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., March 26, 1862.

Brigadier General L. Thomas,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington City:

Your dispatch of 21st received. I had previously ordered Colonel

Cornelius to prepare his regiment, six companies of Oregon cavarly, to move into the Walla Walla country, and thence to the mining districts; and as the season advances to move toward Fort Hall, to protect the emigrants. I conferred with Mr. Crawford on the subject. I can give protection to the Overland Mail Route as far as Salt Lake or Fort

