
Bridger. I have two companies of cavalry now at Fort Churchill, and I have three companies of cavalry and six of volunteer infantry available and ready to move as soon as the roads are pasable. I have an active and reliable colonel od volunteers, well suited for this service. Colonel Carleton is in Southern California and moving as fast the miry roads will permit toward Fort Yuma, with hid expeditionary forces. He cannot be spared from that command.
G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

WELLS, FARGO &amp; Co., EXPRESS AND EXCHANGE COMPANY,

San Francisco, March 26, l862.

General WRIGHT,

Commanding Deparment of the Pacific:

DEAR SIR: Your note of this a. m. at hanf. I have no advices indicating the necessity of the immediate movement of troops on to the overland route. In the present condition of the roads you would find great difficulty in moving troops over the Sierras, and an impossibilityto haul wagons. The Overland Company expect that troops will be permanently stationed on the maol route for the protection of the mails and treasure, especially the latter. I cannot leave my office to-day, but will call on you to-morrow a. m.

Bespecrfully, yours,

LOUIS McLANE.

HEARFQUARTES,

Fort Yuma, March 26, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Southern District:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report a man from up the river has just arrived here, and reports that up the Colorado River near 200miles he met some Mexicans, who told him that they traveled in company with 1,700 men between Taos and Fort Massachusetts. They toldhim that they were from New Mexico, and were going to Tucson; 400 of them were Mew Mexicans. What dependence can be placed in the rumor I know not, but one thing iis certain, if it is true and they were Confederate troops, Colonel Canby must be whipped. If they were Union troops Sibley has been whipped, and they are going through the mountains to fall on Tucson. They had, according to this man`s acount, a large train of pack-mules. I will endeavor to get at the facts. Mr. Weaver reports the wagons having been seen near the Negas to be on the Salt Lake road.

Very respectflly, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. TIGG,

Major First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, March 26, 1862.

Captain D. B. AKEY,

Commanding Fort Humboldt:

SIR: You are directer by the colonel commanding to march with as many men as you can spare from Fort Humboldt to Arcata in time to

