
arrive at the latter place on the evening of the 27th instant. You will leave Arcata early on the morning following for Angel Ranch by the Arcata and Weaverville trail, timing your march so as to arrive at Zenter`s [Angel Ranch] precisely at 12 m. The object of this movement is to co-operate with detachments from Captains Douglas`and Heffernan`s commands, which are to arrive at Angel Ranch at the same hour for the purpose to be lurking in the woods between Mad River and the crossing of the North Fork of Mad River, two or three miles to the northward of Angel Ranch. As it is intended to take the Indians by the other detachments, Captain Douglas being the senior officer will assume command of the whole, and direct such further operations as he may deem advisable to effect the object in view. In the event of Captain Douglas not being present, this duty will devolve upon yourself.

By orfer of Colonel Lippitt:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, March 26, 1862-7. 30 p. m.

A. JACOBY, Esq., Arcata:

DEAR SIR: Your note announcing the attack on Bates is just received. Before you receive this all the troops that can be spared will be on their march to find and chastise the Indians who have committed the outrages of the last few days. The citizens may rely upon my promptly taking all the steps for threir protectoin that the circumstances call for. Last evening, as you know, immediately on receiving your report of the state od things, I ordered a combined movement of three companies, which if successful will corall the whole band of Indians who have comitted the recent outrages by day after tomorrow, the 28th instant, at 12 m. If there are any persons who wish to prevent the success of this movemenst there will be no surer way than to auticipate the action of the troops by going themselve or sending out parties to the scene of the outrage, the necessary effect of which will be to cause the Indians to scatter before the troops can arrive . I beg you, therefore, if any such movements shouls be contemplated to use your influence to prevent it. Captain Akey will arrive at Arcata tomorrow [Thursday] with a detachment.

Very respectfully, yours,

F. J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Infty, Cal. Vols. Commanding Humboldt Discrit.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISCRICT,

Fort Humboldt, March 26, 1862

Captain C. D. Douglas, or

OFFICER IN COMMAND OF THE DETACHMENT UNDER ORDERS FOR ANGEL RANCH:

CAPTAIN: It is now certain that the Mad River Indians, by their murderous attack and outrages of the last few days, mean nothing else

