
than an open declaration of war. Unfortunately there is no effectual way of teaching these ignorant savages the folly of such conduct but by inflicting upon them a terrible punishment. The colonel commanding the district, therefore, directs that in the present expedition against these Indians no quarter will be given, except to the women and children.

Bnel Lipitt:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Copy to Captain Akey, commanding Fort Humboldt.]

HEARQURTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, March 27, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith is a copy of a telegraphic dispatch which I had the honor to transmit to you yesterday in reply to yours of the 21 st instant. * The propriety of my making arangements for the protection of the emigrants as they approach my department had already received my careful consideration. The organization of the six companies of Oregon cavarly, under the command od Colonel Cornelius, it is expected,, will be completed early in April. Two of those companies have been raised in the northern section of that State and four in the southern. The latter O have ddirected the colonel to order north as soon as the roads are passable, and then to prepare his whole command to march to Fort Walla Walla. The presence of troops in the mining districts of the Nez Perce and Salmon River countries will be absolutely necessary to preserve peace between our people and the Indians. The extravagant reports of the richness of those mines has created the wildest enthusiasm, and already a large number od men have gone from here to the Columbia River to be in readiness to move to the mines as soon as the route is precticable. As the emigrants approach this department it is certain that a large portion of them will be attracted to the mines in Oregon and Territory of Washington, and O propose, as the summer advances, to throw forward to the vicinity of Fort Hall, or

father, if necessary, a squadron or two of cavalry to afford them protection through the Snake River country. I have conferred with Mr. Cawford, the gentleman appointed to conduet the overland emigration. He is well acquainted with the route and fully understands the arrangements to be made for his safe passage through the Indian country. The protectionof the Overland Mail Route`will be provided for ta the earliest moment practicable. At this moment neither troops nor supplies can cross the mountains without subjecting the Government to an enoumors expence, which I do not deeeur unless an emergency should arise making it necessary. I have conferred with Mr. Louis McLane on this subject, and copy of a note he addressed me yesterday, and herewith inclosed,+ will show you that no immediate denger is apprehended. The instruction of the Secretary of War will be caried out as soon as practicable. I believe that ample protection can be given to the overland mail as far east as Salt Lake by the force I have reported as available at once for that purpose, viz, five companies of cavalry and six of infantry; shouldit, however,

