
be found insufficient, it can be increased. In the present aspect of our foreign relations, prudential considerations require that a strong force should be kept at or near this city. I have now three companies or artillery and one of the Ninth Inflantry at the Presidio, but they are very much reduced, one of them having just returned from the East, with only its mom-commissioned officers, and 100 of our best men being in the escort of Lieutenant Mullan`s wagon-road expedition. The three companies of the Third Infatry California Volunteers, now at Benicia Barracks, I design for the overland mail protection. I have the deadquarters and five conpanies of the Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, encamped at Sacramento. I shall soon move them down to Benicia or in the neighborhood of this city, according to circumstances. In the southern district Colonel Carleton is advancing on Fort Yuma with his own regiment [First Infantry] and First Cavalry [five conmpanies], and the Light Battery Company A, Third Artillery. The roads are still in a bad condition, and loaded wagons cannot move. I have also now on the southern district the Fifth Infantry. Colonel Bowie, and four conpanies of the Second Cavalry. Colonie Bowie will be left in command of that district after the advance of Carleton.

Very respecrfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 36. New San Pedro, Cal., March 27, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel West, First Infantry California Volunteers, commanding at Canp Wright, San Diego County, Cal., will order Company A, First Infantry California Volunteers, to proceed to Fort Yuma, Cal., with Assistant Wagon-Master Bosha`s train of fifteen wagons, now en route to that post from San Pedro. Of Bosha`s train has passed Camp Wright when this order reaches there, an express will be sent forward to delay it upon the road until Captain Willis`company overtakes it.

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CULTER,First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS,

Fort Yuma, March 27, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Southern District, Los Angeles, Cal.:

COLONEL: I had the honor to inform you in a hasty note that I had received information of a large force of troops passing through the mountains, ostensibly on their way to Tucson-seventeen companies, 100 strong, 400 of whom are New Mexicans. I have since had further conversation with the person who brought me the informatiion, and find that 200 miles above here, on the Colorado River, he fell in with eight Americans and two Spaniard or Sonorans. The Americans were all Northern men leaving for California on account of their Union proclivities, knowing that troops were coming this way [this is their story].

