
men I found had assaulted Captain Heffernan and beaten him, although he finally mastered and secured them both. Another in resisting an order of Lieutenant Hubbard to deliver up a bowie knife had attempted to use it upon him. I had these four men brought down with a guard to Arcata, from which place Lieutenant Hanna and I took charge of them and brought them to this post, where they are confined in cells awaiting their trial. I insructed Captain Heffernan on arriving at his post to have proper charges preferred and sent to me without delay. As soon as received I will forway them to you. Since my last letter fresh Indian outrages have made in necessary to estanblish a fourth scoutinf distric, including the country between the mouths of Eel River and Mad River, with an average radius about this post of about thirty moles. This district will be constantly scoured by Captain Akey's company [E, Second Cavalry California Volunteers], the only one left at this post, which for this purpose will keep out as large a detachment as it can spare. As this company has now twenty general prisoners to guard, and as I shall have to be costantly drawing upon it for detechments for escort duty and other purpose, the munber that it can keep constantly in the field will be impossible for it to keep out any men at all. I would therefor respectfully repeat the request made in my last letter, that one more company should be sent here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. LIPPITT,

Colonel, Commanding Humboldt Military District.

ARCATA, March 27, 1862-6 m. p.

Captain C. D. DOUGLAS, or

OFFICER IN COMMAND OF U. S. TROOPS AT RILEY'S:

CAPTAIN: Colonel Lippitt directs you not to leave Riley; s till 8 o'clock tomorrow morning [Friday], and instead of proceeding to Bates'to take the trail leading diirect from Riley's to Zetner's, a distance of about six miles. The trail is said to be impasseble for animals. If that is so, you will send them to Zetner's by way of Batess'. Four hours will be ample time for you to arrive at Zetner's. Be careful to tme your march so as to arrive at Zetner's precisely at 12 o'clock. The Indians are between the two trails marked by 5x in the diagram. Captain Akey takes the trail from Bates'to Zetner's. The Indians will flee toward Zetner's, where Captain Heffernan should head them off.

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, March 27, 1862.

Colonel A. CADY,

Commanding District of OSregon, Fort Vancouver, Wah, Ter.:

MY DEAR SIR: Our city is jubilant over the good news constantly pouring in from the East. Everything is going on well there. In this departement I am annoyed and worried to death by the irregularities reported of officers at remote posts. They seem to think that there is no responsibility resting on them; that the funds and public property

