
ordered to recapture all the works in New Mexico which had been surrendered to rebels. This I shall proceed to do, starting from here as soon as the rains have filled the natural tanks, say early in July. What number of troops can find subsistence, say at twenty days' notice, at Mesilla and Fort Bliss, in Texas? I can start from here with sixty days' supply for one battery of artillery, one regiment of infantry, and five companies of cavalry. With this force I desire to co-operate with you. This will enable me to hold this country besides. I have placed Arizona under martial law, and shall continue it so until the civil officers come. I can bring more force if necessary. Let me know by the bearer your wishes, purposes, strength; the strength, position, and apparent purposes and condition of Sibley and his forces.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure C.] HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, Tucson, Ariz., June 15, 1862.

General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Department of New Mexico, Fort Craig, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have advanced thus far from California with a force of regulars and volunteers sufficient in numbers to occupy this Territory. I have assumed to represent the U. S. authority, and for the itme being have placed the Territory under martial law. Inclosed herewith please find a proclamation to this effect. I send this to you be express, that you may not go to the expense of sending troops from your department to occupy Arizona. I congratulate you on your success aganst the Confederate forces under Sibley. If you can send an escort to the expressman who takes this I shall feel greatly obliged.

I am, general, respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure to C.]

To all whom it may concern:

The Congress of the United States has set apart a portion of New Mexico and organized it into a Territory complete of itself. This is known as the Territory of Arizona. It ocmprises within its limits all the country eastward from the Colorado River, which is now occupied by the forces of the United States known as the Column from California; and as the flag of the United States shall be carried by this column still farther eastward, these limits will extend in that direction until they reach the farthest geographical boundary of this Territory. Now, in the present chaotic state in which Arizona is found to be, with no civil officers to administer the laws - indeed, with an utter absence of all civil authority - and with no security of life or property within its borders, it becomes the duty of the undersigned to represent the authority of the United States over the people of Arizona as well as over all those who compose or are connected with the Column from California. Thus, by virtue of his office as military commander of the U. S. forces now here, and to meet the fact that wherever within our boundaries our colors fly there the sovereign power of our country must at once be acknowledged and law and order at once prevail, the undersigned, as a military governor, assumes control of this Territory

