
intrusted to them is for their personal benefit, and the difficulty is that they are so far off that a great injury is accomplished before I can apply the corrective. But all such may rest assured that a day of reckoning will surely come, when they will be dalt with without gloves. Carleton has been delayed long by the terrible roads, over which wagons cannot pass. He is advancing his expeditionary forces to Fort Yuma as fast as possible. I received a telegraphicdispatch yesterday from Secretary of War, directing me to make preparations to protect the Overland Mail Route, and also the emigrants expected over this season. I have reduced Cornelius to six companies of cavarly, and ordered him to colect them together in the Willamette Valley, with a view of moving into the Walla Walla country and thence to the mining districts, and as the seasom advances to throw forward troops toward Fort Hall to meet the emigtants. Steinberger has about 250 very good men on Alcatraz

Island. He will organize four companies ther, and in a few weeks proceed with them to Vancouver. I shall place him then in commnd of your district. I am very anxions to have thorough inspection made of the posts in your district, as well as those down this way. We want those staff departements critically examined by some officer who understands the business, and all evil doers suspended at once. I hope it will be agreable to you, if you are well enough, to make these tours of inspector eers to relieve, arrest, remove, or do anything that will promply arrest these depredation on public property. Do not hesitate now to take any measures you may deem advisable in this business, and I will sustain you. I am determined to put a stop to these rascalities, cost what it may.

With great regard, yours, very truly,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 28, 1862.

Colonel P. EDWARD CONNOR,

Third Infty. California Vols., Commanding Benicia Barracks, Cal.

SIR: The departmen commander desires to have the companies and headquarters of your regiments at Benicia Barracks put in readiness for a movement at an early day. Requisitions for the necessary supplies of clothing and camp and garrisom equiPAGEwill be sent in without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., March 29, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I shall send the two mountain howitzers now at Camp Latham to the subdepot to be established at the Pima Villages. They are nearly destitute of ammunition of all kinds, save some forty-eight

