
rounds of spherical case-shot, and, say, ten rounds of canister. I need for them an adequate supplyof fixed ammunition, consisting of shells, spherical case-shot, and canister, with fuses, friction-tubes, portfires, &amp;c. Please order this ammunition down on the return Senator, and write to me that you have done so, that I may know it is in board when the boat comes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

CAMP DRUM, March 29, 1862.

Colonel G, W. BOWIE,

Fifth Infty. California Volunteers, Commanding at Camp Latham:

MY DEAR SOLONEL: Please have one of your companies in readiness to leave your camp for Camp Wright the day after tomorrow morning. It will be equipped as ordered in General Orders, Numbers 3, current series, from these headquarters. Be prepared yourself to lave for Fort Yuma with another company and the headquarters of your regiment by the 3rd proximo. I write you this to give you ample time to pack such articles as you may not need for storage at New San Pedro. All the companies of your regiment will doubtless follow you.

very truly, yours,

JAMES H. CARLETON.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., March 29, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WEST,

First Infty. California Vols. Commanding at Camp Wright, Cal.:

COLONEL: Some days since I caused a supply of potatoes to be sent to Camp Wright for the use of your command. The soldiers at this season of the year should be directed to gather, cook, and eat for antiscorbutics a plenty of greens. Young mettles, young mustard, lamb'squarters, and other varieties of plants make good greens, and can be found, doubtless, in your immediate vicinity, or, say, within twelve or fifteen miles. A liberal use of these artiles will soon freshen the blood of the troops and remove any scorbutic taint. Have this matter attended to without delay. I cannot tell what the Overland Mail Company paid for hay at the points maned in my letter, but it was doubtless a fair price, and would be a fair criterion of what the United States should pay at those places. Mr. Louis McLane has the data. Mr. Williams may betwenty-five tons of hay at Carriso Creek at the price named in your note, and five tons at San Felipe at $50, and eight at Vallecito at $50, commencing with that at Carriso Creek, provided he does it at once; otherwise I do not want him to cut it at any

price.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

61 R. R. -VOL L, PT I

