
EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Salem, Oreg., March 29, 1862.

Colonel CADY,

Commanding Fourth Regiment California Volunteers

and the U. S. Troops in Oregon and Washington Territory:

SIR: My attention has of late been repeatedly called to the position of settlers on and near the eastern and northeastern frontiers of this State by representation of their hazardons exporuse to Indian depredations, and the danger existing at this time of Indian outbreaks in those localities. Urgent solicitations have been made recently by many intelligent and influential citizens of Oregon and of the United States, particularly since the receipt of intelligence of the murder of a party of white men who had established a miining camp on John Day's River last winter by a party of Indians, that some more eficient measures should be taken for the protection of the persons and property of thewhite people in such exposed sections of the country. Under these circumstances I have thought proper to communicate with you upon thesubject for the purpose of obtaining information of the steps designed to be taken, if any, by the U. S. military authorities relative to the matter, of ascertaining the numerical strength of any force at your judgment the exigencies of the case required, and also whether the nature of your instructions are such as to permit the sending a body of troops into the Indian country mentioned in the event of your considering it advisable or necessary to do so. An early reply would much oblige,

Your obedient servant,

JOHN WHITEAKER.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., March 30, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Sam Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I inclos copies of letters written at the latest date from Fort Yuma. You will see that from reports of the Indians Captain McCleave and eight men, and Mr. White, at the Pima Villages, have been carried off by the secessionists now at Tucson. It may turn out to be a good thing that these men have been taken; it will nake all others more vigilan. Pishon should be some results more gratifying than the capture of so fine an officer as Captain McCleave.

I am very, major, very respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE- It is not known generally, nor do I wish it known for the present, that Captain McCleave has been captured.

J. H. C.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 37. Los Angeles, Cal., March 30, 1862.

Captain Sylvester Soper, Company H, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will report with his company without delay to Lieutenant Colonel Joseph

