
R. West, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, commanding at Camp Wright, San Diego Country, Cal.

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CULTER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 38. Los Angeles, Cal., March 30, 1862.

* * * * * * *

II. Colonel George W. Bowie, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will direct one of the companies of his regiment now serving at Camp Latham to march to Camp Drum, near New San Pedro, and there await further orders. The company will be equipped in all respects agreably with General Orders, Numbers 3., from these headquarters [[series for 1862]. All tents and other property not needed for field service will be turned in to the depot quartemasters at New San Pedro. Each soldier will be furnished with one day's rations and twenty rounds of ammunition. The officers will be allowed to have only eight pounds of baggage apieice, including their begging, mess furniture, and clothing.

III. The acting regiment quartmasters Fifth Infantry California Volunteers will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Colonel Carleton:

BEN. C. CULTER,First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS,

Fort Yuma, March 30, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Southern District, Los Angeles, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose, for the information of the district commander, letter received this day, signer George Peters, and in explanation would respectfully state that the writer is Mr. Peter Brady, of Sonora, the same gentleman who gave me the information [forwarder to the district commander] about the Mojave country. I had anticipated his passport, and sent him in to obtain information, if possible, through to Messila. This communication was written on his way thither at Sonoita, and I have forwarder it for your consideration. If I am not deceived Mr. Brady is the best man the Covernment could have in that section of Sonora. He married there, and his family connection secures to him, with his intelligence, great influence with those people. Pesqueira visits his home and is intimate with his family, and if Colonel Reily has succeeded in marking any arrangement with him I will soon be informed of it. Senor Guadalupe Orosco, alcalde of Sonoita, is also here. He is of the same opinion that Mr. Brady is, that Pesqueira will not grant any privileges to the rebels. Orosco brought me Mr. Brady's letter without knowing the contents of it, being absent at the time Brady was there; yet he thinks that the rewadr offered-protection from the Apaches-a strong inducement to grant them privileges, if he [Pesqueira] has confidencein their ability to carry them out. Mr. George Martin has returned by express to obtain information also trought the Papagos. Mr. Martin is the Martin and Dorsey spoken of in Brady's lette. He will report by

