
Racito, and wanted to know all about Martin and Dorsey, and said that Martin was a very strong Union man. Probably they contemplate a foray upon him, too. I look upon the party in Tucson, from all I can learn, as nothing more than a marauding party, who will help themselves to all they can find, do as much harm as possible, and retreat to Mesilla. Don Guadalupe Orosco is not here. The Indians have lately made a foray and carried off some horses and stolen cattle from Martin and Dorsey, and they are out after them, so you see between the Apaches and secessionists they are having plenty of excitement here. Hill is very much afraid to remain at Cababi, and intends leaving as soon as possible. They found out at Cababii all about the Dutchman, as he came back from Tucson that way, and they are awfullly enraged. They did not know as yet about the other messenger, as he did not come back that way, and they did not know where he went to. They have undoubtedly destroyed Whiite's mill, with all his grain, and have him and hiis partnes prisoners. Some here seem to think that White's chance is a bad one. I can scarcely think iit so bad. Some of the Tucson bravos would undoubtedlu shoot him if they could get a chance, but I don't think Captain Hunter will allow it. You can write to the commanding general and tell him he need be under no apprehension about flour. I can furnish to the Goverment, if they need it, 60. 000 pounds of flour, delivered in Tucson, or even 100. 000, whitin ftwo months, and any quantity of beef. The secessionists when they retreat will not leave a pound of any kind of provisions in the Territory, nor a single head of beef. If you should wish to see me at the river, Mr. Yager can dispatch a Mexican, and I will be at the river in four days from where I live.

I remain, very trully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE PETERS.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, March 30, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Southern District, Los Angeles, Cal. ieutenant Barrett, First Cavalry, stationed at Grinnel's, forwarded a prisoner who said that he was just from Tucson, and I am satisfied of the truth of it. He is of unsound mind, yet a close observer of things. I had him in confinement at the post in January. He had also been confined for several weeks at Camp Wright. It seems from his statement that after he left here he had worked for a time for Grinnel, and also for White. From there he went to Tucson. He is the man mentioned by Buckner who had arrived in Tucson nearly naked, and who told them there that the Union troops were near there, which caused their friight and subsequent stampede of many of them. He says thaat he worked at Jones' mill, at Tucson; that whem Mr. Leonard arrived there [White's half brother] in company with another person whom he did not know, he was employed by Mr. Leonard to go back to White's, but Leonard was taken prisoner, and he kept himself concealed as much as possible to avoid being arrested. Being thought inoffensive he was, howeverfd, not molested, and upon several occasions went into town. He heard of these arrest of McCleave and White, and had their place or quarters pointed out to him. He heard that they offered to parole Captain McCleave, but he had refused to give it. Their animals were kept grazing in front of where he worked. He came to the Pimas and found that White's mill was not burned, but

