
that his flour had been carried off and his animals also. Not a chicken was left, and his hogs, of which White had a great many, were all gone. His mill had been much injured. The leather bands and running gear had all been removed or destroyed, but he thought by the Indians. The wheat which White had on hand had been given to thfe Indians, and everything else that was not of value to Captain Hunter's men. The burrs are all sound aninjured, and a few hundred dollars will put the mill in operation again. In his rambling way hhe Pimas have now a large quantity of wheat on hand; that White had but little flour ground and put up, and his stock of wheat had been returned to them to purchase their friendship with, and that he knows that they have it, and will sell it cheap to any one who will furnish them waith manta, beiing much in want of that article. They have but little appreciation of money, but for manta all their wheat could be bought at a very low price. The Pima chief told him that Captain McCleave had arrived at the station this side of White's before day, and that he had tried to get the occupants to open the door for him, but they refused, thinking that they were some of their own men. He then went on to White's, getting there at fayling. Knocking at the door, he found a person who answered and of hiim inquired if Mr. White lived there. Receiving an answer in the affirmative he desired to see Mr. White personally. He was told that he should be called, and Captain Hunter, who was sleepiing in the house at the time, was awakened and informed of an officer and two men of the U. S. troops being there. He came out and represented himself as Mr. White, asking Captain McCleave if those were all the men he had with him, it which the captain replied, " No; I have six more at the next station. " In the meantime more of Hunter's men had collected, and Hunter suddenly drew his pistol and announced his being a captain in the Confederate Army, at the same time informing McCleave that he was his prisoner. McCleave had, however, thinking that he was amongst friend [seeing no uniforms], taken off his arms, and his men were putting up their horses. His story braks upon its face plausibility, and I have no doubt it is true, every word of it. The prisoner's name is Samuel Phillips, born in Ohio. He was confined in the insance asylum in Stocktonfor some tiime. I will detain him fere for the present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A, RIGG,

Major First Infantry California Volunteers, CommDQUARTERS DEPARTEMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, March 31, 1862.

Brigadier General L. Thomas,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

General: As the spring opens we have as usual the annually recurring reports of the difficulties with the Indians in the interior. From Fort Churchill I have just sent a detachment off 50 cavalry south about 100 miles to the town of Aurora and Owen's River to protect our people in that quarter, and to see that justice is done to the Indians. About two weeks ago a difficulty occurred between four white men and the same number of Indians; the latter were in the search of some horses which they had lost. The result was that the Indians were all

