
killed. Reports from that country represent that these whites were in the wrong; probably they were, but I cannot let the innocent suffer for thfe guilty. I am compelled to send troops to preserve the peace. The Mono Indians on Owen's River have always been considered a very harmless and quiet people, but they are numerous and highly excited at this time, and may possibly give us some trouble. I propose to send a squadron of cavalry from Southern California through the Owen's River district as soon as the mountains are passable. I have also reports of murders by Indians

some 200 miles north of Carson City, Nev. Ter., and also east of Fort Dalles in thfe Snake River country but as yet nothing reliable. In the District of Humboldt, Colonel Liippitt, these commander, is in the field with most of his troops making every effort to colled all the Indians, and placing them in the reservations. Independent of our Indian disturbances the country is quiet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTEMENS OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 31, 1862.

Hon, WILIAMS P. DOLE,

Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Washington City, D. C.:

SIR: I have perused with great care and much interest the pamphlet of Dr. Elijan White, embracing " testimonials and records, together with arguments in favor of special action for our Indian tribel. " I fully concurin thfe reflections of Doctor White, as well as his suggestions as to " what can and should be done. " I have served for nearly ten years on the Pacific Coast, and for six years past I have been in Oregon and Washington Territory, personally engager in all the Indian wars during that period. My position and duties brought me in contact and made me acquainted with most of the chiefs, headmen, and tribes in that country, and my previous service of three years in Northern California and Southern Oregon enables me to speak understandingly on the subjectof our Indian relations. A fruitful cause of our Indian wars has been the encroachment of the white people on their lands before the Indian title had been extinquished, and when treaties had ever been ratified. Such acts had, of course, a tendency to create a hostile feeling against the white people. Indians cannot understand how it is that iine party to a bargain can avail themselves at once of all its benefist, while thesy themselve are left to await the ratification and tardy fulfillment by the Government at Washington. The foregoing remarks are specially aplicable to the treaties with the Nez Perces and various other tribes made at Walla Walla in June, 1855, ratified some four years afterward, and as yet only very partially executed in our part. Fort ten years past the system of managing our Indian affairs on this coast has been a miserable failure. Vast sums of money have been appropriated by Congress and expended, but I have yet to see that any corresponding benefit has resulted from it, either to the Indians or these Gover plan may by adopted for the future, it should be of a permanen character, and the principal superintendents and officer should not be removed with every incoming administration. I have bu t limited acquaiintance with Doctor White,

