
but form the numerous testimonials in his favor, coming from amougst the most distinguished gentlemen of our country, taken in connection with his long residence in this country, and the zeal and devotion with which he has heretofore served the Government, points him out as eminenty fitted for the position of general supervison over all the Indians in this departement.

Very respectfully, I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTEMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 31, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Dist. of Southern California, Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the departement desires you to prepare a squadron of Second Cavalry to make an expedition throught the Mono country. This force will move as soon as the roads in that direction are passable, and will be commanded by ann active reliable officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 40. Los Angeles, Cal., March 31, 1862.

I. Lieutenant-Colonel Olney, Second Infantry California Volunteers, with the two companies of the Second Infantry California Volunteers, and all the public property pertaining to those companies, will embark at Santa Barbara, Cal., on these next return downward trip of the Senator for New San Diego, Cal., and there await further orders.

* * * * * * *

JAMES H. CARLETON,Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,

Los Angeles, Cal., March 31, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding at Camp Latham:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding the district directs that yourself, your commissioned stall [with the exceptions hereiafter named], and non-commisioned staff, your band, and the three companies of your regiment now stationed at Camp Latham proceed without delay by the way of New Sam Pedro, Cal., to Camp Wright. Cal. where you waill receive further instruction. Your officers and men will be prepared for active field service, agreably wiith General Orders, Numbers 3, current series, from these headquarters. Each company will heve two days' rations and twenty rounds of ammunition per man. Other rations will be draw at New San Pedro. You will take with you all the rifled-musket ammunition now iin store at Camp Latham, Cal., and also the two mountain howitzers and all the ammunition and equipments

