
pertaining to them now in your possession. You will also take the new hospital tent, fly poles, and pins, which you yourself now occupy. All other tents used by the officers and men of your regiment, together with all desks, tables, and all other public property not needed on a march or for active field service, for which they are responsible, will be transferred to Lieutenant Morgan, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, depot quartemasters, New San Pedro, Cal. Private property may also be left with him for storage. Brigade Surg. Robert A. Christian, U. S. volunteer service, and Lieutenant Frink, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, acting regimental quartmasters, will remain at Camp Latham, and Lieutenant Morgan, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, depot quartmasters, and his party will remain at New San Pedro, Cal., until futhfer orders. Captain Moore, assistant quartmasters, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will furnish the necessary transportation to carry all this into effect. You will take with you all the empty sacks which are now in store at Camp Latham. Colonel Bowie and the troops who are to take the field will leave Camp Latham on the 3rd proximo.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CULTER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OD SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., March 31, 1862.

Lieut, Colonel J. R. West,

First Infty. california Vols. Commanding at Camp Wright, Cal.:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding the district direct that you take Companies C and K, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, and Companies B and G, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, and Companies A, B, and D, First Cavalry California Volunteers, and proceed without delay to the Pima Villages, in the Gila River, in Arizona, and there establish intrenched field-work, which is eventually to be garrisoned by two or three companies, and used as a sub-depot for supplies. This field-work must be made near permanent wholesome water; if possible, in a commanfing site. You will take from Camp Wright as many intrenching tools as you may need, and you will be authorized to take from Fort Yuma as you pass by that post two mountain howitzers, with an adequate supply of ammunition for the same. Acting Assistant Surgeon Kittridge will accompany you. Surgeon McNulty will instruments him [in a letter which will bee herewith inclosed] as to what instruments and medicines he may need, and where he is to procure them. You will be authorized to take with you the two ambulance now at Fort Yuma, and three hospital tents, flies, and poles from Camp Wright. Acting Assistant Surgeon Kittrigde will be oordered to ramain at a camp already established neat Grinnel's, on the Gila River, about 100 miles above Fort Yuma. You will have for transportation three teams, whiicch have been ordered to go with Lieutenant Colonel Eyre, and Company B, First Cavalry California Volunteers. Thirty of which left New San Pedro yesterday for your camp and seventeen of these teams now at Fort Yums, or above that post on the Gila River. You will draw your supplies of subsistence and forage for your march to the Pima Village from Fort Yuma, excepting the amount of provisions you can transport from Camp Wright in the thirty wagons above

