HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,New San Pedro, Cal., March 31, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel Edward E. Eyre,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Present:

COLONEL: You will receive fifty-one of the cavalry horses which have just arrived from San Francisco, and with these and the best of those others already on hand at Camp Carleton you will mount the rank and file of Company B, First Cavalry California Volunteers, filled up temporarily to ninety, selected from the non-communisioned officers and privates of Company E of your regiment. You will see that each man to these ninety is provided with a serviceable carbine, with a saber ground sharp, and with a navy revolver. You will then see that you have 100 rounds of ammunition for each of the ninety Sharps carbines and fifty rounds of ammunition for each of the ninety navy revolvers. You will see that you have at least ninety spare horseshoes, fitted ready to set, with nails and tools for setting them. You will see thet you have a nosebag and either a pair of hobbles or a lariat rope and picket-pin for each of the ninety forses, and you will then see that in all other respects these men and horses are provided for active field service as cavalry and with rations of subsistence sufficient to last such a command from Camp Carleton to Camp Wright. Having done this, you yourself, with Surgeon Prentiss and James, First Cavalry California Volunteers, all furnished with horses and mules agreably with General Orders, Numbers 4, current series, herewith inclosed,* will proceed with Company B, First Cavalry California Volunteers, prepared as above, starting from Camp Carleton on the 2nd proximo, to Camp Wright, and there report to Lieutenant Colonel Joseph R. West, commanding at that camp, who will be instructed to give you further orders. No officer of your command thus organized will be pernitted to have one ounce more than the regulation allowance of baggage, including bedding and mess furniture and cooking utensils. To iinsure this you will cause such baggage, &amp;c., to be weighed. See General Orders, Numbers 3, + current series, herewith inclosed, for your further informatiion.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

HEAQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,

Los Angeles, Cal., March 31, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel E. E. Eyre,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Present:

COLONEL: Aa soon as you have prepared to move from Camp Carleton to Camp Wrigth on the 2nd proximo direct Major Fergusson, First Cavalry California Volunteers, with all the troops then under his command, to proceed to Camp 	Drum, near New San Pedro, Cal., and report to the commanding officer at that camp. The result of this will be that there will be no troops or military supplies at Camp Carleton after the 2nd proximo. If you will not have transportation sufficient for this movement you will make timely requisitions on Captain Moore, assistant quartemasters, U. S. Army, at New San Pedro, for what yoou will be allowed only three six-mule teams for

---------------

* Omitted

+Here omitted, but see February 11, p. 858.

---------------

