
the movement of the headquarters First Cavalry California Volunteers, and Captain Fritz's company augnebted to ninety, rank and file as directed by my letter to you bearing this date.

I am, colonel, respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 31, 1862.

Major CHARLES McDERMIT,

Second Cav. California Vols., Commanding Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter.:

SIR: Your dispatch relative to the detachment sent to Owen's River was received this morning. It is the generel's desire, and you will so order, that Captain Rowe should command the expedition. This command will remain at Aurora until further orders from these headquarters. Should you desire further instructions as to the purposes of this expedition they will be furnished you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, March 31, 1862.

Captain C. D. Douglas:

CAPTAIN: You are directed by the colonel commanding the district immediately upon the received of this to delay a discreet and reliable nom-commissioned officer and ten men to take post at Riley's, Liscombe's Hill, with instruction to furnish escorts from Daley's Ferry, on Mad River, by Bare's, Riley's, and the trail to Minor's, as far as may be needed, to all trains with Government mail riders, and so far as practicable to all private trains and traveling parties. You will order the detachment to take with them ten days'rations, a suffiicient quantity of ammunition, and relieve them every ten days.

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 31, 1862.

[Via Vancouver, Wash. Ter.]

First Lieutenant JOHN MULLAN,

Second Artillery, U. S. Army, Commanding Walla Walla and Fort Benton Wagon Road Expediition:

SIR: In answear to your letter addressed to the general commanding the department, I am instructed to inform you that the general has written to the War Department relative to a continuance of the expedition under your command. Until advised as to the design of the Government, the general desires you to retain the escort and await at

