
Cantonment Wright further instructions from these headquarters. as the Ninth Regiment of Infantry remains on this coast, the escort will, should this work be discontinued, repaid to Fort Vancouver, where instructions will be received as to the distributon of the troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OD SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Camp Drum, March 31, 1862.

Captain JOHN C. CREMORY,

Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Present:

CAPTAIN: You will take five trusty cavalry soldiers and one six-mule tamj, with one day's rations of barley for all your horses and mules, and one day's rations of subsistence for yourself and men, including the teamster, and proceed to a camp beyond the Cahuenga Pass, which Captain Shirland visited yesterday, and bring from said camp all the property and arms you may find there, and such animals as you may see in that neighborhood which belonged to the party of citizrns to whom these camp referred to belonged. You will arrest and bring to this camp any citizens which you may find, at the point where those brought in by Captain Shirland were found, particularly a man named Powell and another man named Anderson, if they are there or near there. You will proceed and return via the road leading past Camp Latham. Take with yoou a political prisoner named Thomas J. Hodgkison, now in confinement at this camp, to point out and identify the animals belonging to the party alluded to. See that you bring this prisoner back. You will return tomorrow evening.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., April 1, 1862.

Major RICHARD C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: Inclosed herewith you will find letters and orders recently issued from these headquarters, which move some of the troops in this district toward Arizona. * I have ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Olney from Santa Barbara, where, with his two companies of the Second Infantry California Volunteers, he is now of no service, to San Diego, where he can replace Lieutenant-Colonel Dobbins, who will join Colonel Bowie at Camp Wright. This will give Colonel Bowie all his regiment at Fort Yuma and in advance of that post. Thus you can have calculations made of the amount of rations and forage which will be needed at Fort Yuma to supply, say, one battery of light artillery, two regiments of infantry, six companies of cavarly, 250 teamsters and enployes, and say, 1,200 mules. The provisions now there are all we can count upon as certain. The rice has not yet arrived. It is problematical

