
when the Jesup will get there; yet once upon the desert these mounths must eat or we have disaster, and the only way I can see to put this question beyond a doubt is for the general to order supplies at once by steam to the mouth of the Colorado. Time, now the hot weather is so rapidly coming on these desert, is everything. We cannot afford any delay at all. I shall do my best, but these doubts and delays hanging over these matter of having a plenty of supplies at Fort Yuma at once weigh upon me like an incubus. I cannot venture to put all these troops in motion out upon the desert without seeing beyond a doubt what they are to eat. See my letter on this point written last December. That was when I was counting on performing certain duties with 1,600 men. Sibley's advance and probable successes against Canby make iit important now to increase the force. Increase proportionately the stores ansd have no delay. I trust the money asked for, also proportionately increased in amount to suit the new aspect of affairs, will be sent down on the return boat. Until a good supply of stores has been deposited at Fort Yuma we cannot afford the time it takes for sailing vessels to go around Cape Saint Lucas and beat up the Gulf of California to the Colorado. I shall venture to get as many troops on this edge of the desert, and at and in advance of Fort Yuma as will be safe from these present state of our commissariat at Fooops have to cross the Yuma Desert a company at a time. The movements I have ordered get some over at once and have other ready, so I gain all the time possible. By getting Lieutenant-Colonels West and Eyre at the Pima Villages, small parties of the enemy will not annoy me. The cavalry horses will become recruited a little, and we shall by ready to make another stride as soon as the rear reaches the Colorado; that stride will be Tucson; the next Messila Valley. I do not intend to arrive on the Rio Grande in disarray of I can help it, and if not in disarray, I trust with God's help to be able to strike one good blow for our country.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., April 1, 1862.

Captain R. W. KIRKHAM,

Assistant Quartmasters, San Franciisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: If you will consider that the horses and mules now here, or to be fed from here, without including those cavalry horses in advance of Fort Yuma, consume 22,000 pounds of baarley per day, you will readily see that unless you ship more to New San Pedro at once the supply on hand will be exhausted, and we shall have none to take with us on the road. We should have ahead the number of pounds indicated as being necessary at New San Pedro in my estimate made in December last. When may I expect the money? The teamsters will all quit soon unless they are paid al least a part of their wages. Abd-el- Kadir said with a plenty of barley he could cross any desert. So can I.

I am, captain, respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

