HEADQUARTERS DIISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., April 1, 1862/.

Lieutenant Colonel JOSEPH R. WEST,

First Infantry California Vols., Commanding at Camp Wright:

SIR: Captain Thayer's company [C], Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will leave Camp Drum for Camp Wright this morning, and Colonel Bowie, with the band and three other companies of the Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will leave Camp Latham for Camp Wright on the 3rd instant. Inclosed herewith you will find a letter of instructions * to Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre, First Cavalry Californiia Volunteers, who leaves Camp Carleton, near El Monte, for Camp Wright with Surgeon Prentiss, Lieutenants Coleman and James, and ninety sabers of the First Cavalry California Volunteers, on the 2nd proximo. Give him such instructions as may be necessary to have him form a part of your command, already ordered to the Pima Villages. Captain Thayer has in charge two deserters from Company K, First Infantry California Volunteers, whom you will cause to be taken without fail to Fort Yuma, where are to be tried by a general court-martial alrrady ordered to convene at that post. The names of these deserters are Waite and Lowther. Cause Captain Daviis to forward without delay charges and specifications against them to these headquarters. One of the first things which if will be necessary to have done as soon as you arrive at the Pima Villages will be to have a good supply of charcoal burned. The kiln should be formed under the guns of your work. We shall need for shoeing and repairs a good deal of charcoal. Your resources will be severely taxed to provide for all the wants which your forecast will suggest as incident to our contemplated movement over such a country. Time will be more precious and more to be husbanded in every possible way, where it will tell to our advantage in laying in stores for men and animals, then money, almost as precious as barley or breal. The season for mesquite beans is rapiidly aproaching. They are a fine food for horses, and even for men at a pinch. Employ the Indians to procure for you a large quantity. Take with you the artillery traveling forge, which I believe is now at Camp Wright. It is a mate to the one I have ordered Colonel Eyre to take with him. You will need them both. Get horse and mule shoes and nails at Fort Yuma. If you should hear that a battle has been fough near Tucson, and our people have wounded men, it will be important that you make every prepatatiion for their safety, comfort, and cconvalescence, as you pass Fort Yuma, and that you get such wounded men under your protection at the subdepot near the Pima Villages, or preferably, if possible, get them back to Fort Yuma as soon as the nature of their hurts will permit.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., April 1, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel JOSEPH R. WEST,

Commanding at Camp Wright, Cal.:

SIR: As you will not take tents for your men from Camp Wright to Fort Yuma, y over to Lieutenant Vestal, acting assistant quartemaster, and when you leave Fort Yuma take with you as

