
many from that post as you will absolutely require at the Pima Villages. Mr. O'Campo, and perhaps Mr. Beard, will leave Los Angeles to see you, doubtless tomorrow, each having in view the supplying of your command with fresh beef. Mr. O'Campo represents his cattle as being gentle and easily driven, and fater than those of Mr. Rains or Mr. Carlisle, of whom Mr. Beard will doubtless procure those he mey kill for beef if he gets the contract. Mr. O'Campo has told me that he would drive and kill beef as required, provided he had the contract for suplying the whole command, at 9 3/8 cents per pound. You can make a bargain with either or both of them, or with any other person, for what beef you will want, at such prices as will best subserve the interest of the Government. [See my letter of March 31, 1862.] I have directed Lieutenant Hammond to forward to you, starting early tomorrow morning, 9,725 yards of manta, 300 blue sack coast, and say, 300 pairs of bootees. If it is possible, take with you all the clothing now at Camp Wright as far as Fort Yuma. It belongs to the First Infantry and First cavalry and we cannot affore to leave it for another regiment without risk that ourown men will suffer. Of course all of the Fifth who go with us must share, and share alike, with the First in everything; those who stay back Colonel Bowie will doubtless provide for. all teams, except those named to go with you across the desert and two kept for camp purposes, must be ordered to New San Pedro at once. Other troops and supplies await them even now. Send back to San Diego empty the two teams just ordered from the post to Camp Wright with clothing and provisions. The teams which go with Captain Thayer's comapany, those which take the manta, &amp;C., and those which went with Captain Smith's company, Fifth Infantry, must retuwithout delay. Forward the letters for Fort Yuma by Mr. Jones of Keene is not at Camp Wright; otherwise, by Keene.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., April 1, 1862.

Major EDWIN A. RIGG,

Commanding at Fort Yuma, Cal.:

MAJOR: Inclosed herewith you will find the copy of a letter written by myself to Lieutenant-Colonel West, which authorizes him to draw certain supplies form your post. * You will give Colonel West every facility in your power to make his command effective, and all without these least delay. Issue to Colonel West twenty or more of your best aparejos. He may be required to move some detachment across the mountains with its supplies on pack-mules. Inclosed you will find a certified copy of a letter from General Wright to myself in relation to an amnesty granted by the president to political prisoners under certain conditions, which you will see fulfilled to the letter in each casr except that of Hayward. Have gathered a good quantity of mesquite beans to take the place of barley as soon as they are ripe enough. See that they are properly cured. You can hire Indians to help do this. I am waiting anxiously to hear the result of the expedition against

