
Tucson. Keep your command in the highest state of deill and discipline. The paymaster will come down on the Senator on the 7th instant and proceed at once to Fort Yuma to pay your command.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, April 1, 1862.

Captain D. B. AKEY,

Commandiing Fort Humboldt:

CAPTAIN: The Indians in Humboldt County having commenced a destructive warfare upon the white inhabitants, it has become necessary to abandon the pacific policy indicated in your instructions dated March 13, 1862. The colone commanding the district directs that hereafter until further orders you will give no quarter to any Indians [except women and children] that may be found iin the field, sparing and protecting only those Indians who shall voluntarily come in and surrender temselves.

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Same to Captain Thomas E. Ketcham, commanding Fort Baker.]
HDQRS. FIRST WASHINGTON TERRITORY INFANTRY,San Francisco, Cal., April 1, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army,

Headquarters Departement Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Since my last communication, dated March 1, referring to the progress made in the organization of this regiment, I have the honor to submit the followiitg report: Accompanying is respectfully transmitted consolidated tri-monthly report of officers and men at Alcatraz Island, exhibiting the organization of Companu A, with eighty-one men and three officers, mustered into service by Captain W. A. WINDER, Third Artillery, U. S. Army. Of the 184 recruits unassigned, 80 men with their officers will be mustered into service today and organization of Company B completed. The remaining 104, divided into two skeleton companies, are commanded by first lieutenants each, mustered into service in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 61, Adjutant-General's Office, August 19, 1861. Of these detachment one lacks twenty-one men of the minimum standard, and I have extended the time to compate the company to the 5th instant. The other lacks thiry-five men, and the time to complete is extended to the 10 th instant. James Tilton, who was advised in my last communication as having been appointed lieutenant-colonel, has daclined the appointment in account of ill healts, as incapacitating him for the duties of the position. The place has not yet been filled. Asst. Surg. Samuel Whittemore, having passed the board for the examiination of officers in this regiment, was, in the

62 R R-VOL L, PT I

