
10th untimo, mustered into service, and assigned to duty at these headquarters. Of the three companies authorized to be formed in Washington Territory and Oregon I have intelligence only from Captaiin Peabody's on Puget sound, and the report exhibits very little progress. The difficulty of communication with the interior is no doubt the cause of my not having heard from Captains Moore and Cannady, in the Columbia River district. Since my last report authority has been given to M. K. Shearer to organize a company for this regiment at Placerville, in this State, and to William M. Knox for one in Sacramento and Calaveras Counties, the time limited to the 1st May. I am also about giiving authority to organize another company in this city, recruiting to commence when the two remaining companies, now incomplete, on Alcatraz Island, are full. This will make the last of the ten companies to complete the regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, April 2, 1862.

Lieutenant B. C. CULTER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Southern District of California:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that the party sent out in pursuance with instructions received from district headquarters to cleanse and put the wells in the desert in good order, as far as Indian Well, have returned, and Lieutenant Wood, who had charge, reports Cooke's Wells in good order, and plenty of water; Alamo thoroughly cleansed and barrels sunk, non commissioned officer and one private left in charge; New River Station, seven feet of water in the well, but could not repair for want of lumber. Had a new well dug at Indian Well, four feet square and twenty-nine feet

deep; plenty of water. I will send another party to repait at New River, but for want of lumber will have to depend upon barrels, unless I can procure enough from Captain Johnson, in which case it will be casted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Yuma, April 2, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Southern District, Los Angeles, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have ordered Captain Calloway and his command forward to take possession of the Pimas. He will march from Grinnel's in the 6th. The hay put in between the Pimas and Veck's Station has all been destroyed. He will have with him Captain Pishon's company of cavalry and McCleave's, under the command of First Lieutenant Harvey. I have instructed him to intrench himself at that point and throw his cavalry forward into Tucson by a cross cut and surprise them there, returning, if necessary, to he Pimas, where he will remain as a reserve. I have forwared him two 12-pounder mountain howitzers with sixty rounds, eight shells, thirty-six spherical shot, and sixteen canister. With his force he can hold his position when taken and cut

