
up Captain Hunter's command. In the absence of any means to purchase wheat or other necessaries from the Indians with, I furnished him with several bales of manta and cotton handkerchiefs, which to them is of more value than money. The mill of White's is not totally destroyed, the running gear only being mutilated. A few hundred dollars would put it in running order again. The wheat he had purchased has been returned to the Indians, and of course is for sale again to any purchasers. Belts, however, would be required, which would have to be sent from Califoria. Captain Smith's company, Fifth Infantry, would arrive at Grinnel's on the 5th and intrench there, receiving and protecting Government property as it may arriive. For the want of transportation it has been impossible to get a sufficient quantity of subsistence stores and forage at that point to move forward. Mr. Grinnel reports having no beef cattle. I have forwarded ten head from this post for the use of the troops en route, and will forward twenty head more in the morning to Grinnel's, which has been purchased from Mr. Yager to be delivered there for $ 28 per head. I been driven in by a party of Hunter's command, and ome of Captain McCleave's men shot in the shoulder, a flesh wound only. Captain Pishon made chase, but could not come up with them. In all probability they have destroyed the hay at the station between the Pimas and Grinnel's. There are now about five tons of hay at the Alamo, and as fast as I can get transportation yor instructions are being carried out. I have not received any advice from the mouth of the river. Captain Johnson expects his boat up hourly with stores. as soon as I receive advices of their arrival I will forward as directed special express to headquarters with the fact. Captain Smith's company, Fifth Infatry California Volunteers, marched from this post for Grinnel's in the night of the 31st of March, and would reach there on the 5th. I forwarded today for 22,000 pounds barley. The hay now in stacks at Hay Camp and Mission Camp amounts to nearly seventy tons. The want of tools for cutting has retarded getting hay very much, and the limited transportations for hauling. Mr. Yager will have twenty tons of hay at Arizona City by the 25th of April. There are ten tons also at Cooke's Wells. Grinnel has commenced cutting hay for the stations above, and every point of the colonel's instructions is being carried out as promptly as means will permit. I would respectfully inform the district commander that his instructions in reference to Senor Sepulveda and party were strictly complied with. If the colonel will permit me, I would suggest that all letters or correspondence with Sonora should pass through district headquarters for the approval of the commanding officer before comiing here. I would also respectfully inform the colonel commanding that Senor Sepulveda voluntarily informed me that if he could be of any service to the Government of which he is a citizen, viz, United States, he was at their service, believing that the prosperity and safety of Sonora depended upon the success of our Army, and that whils in Sonora he would use his influence and that of his friends there to prevent any arrangement being entered into with the Confederates. He also volunteered to forward to me any information which would be of service to the district commander at his own expence.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major FIRST Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

