
are so shrunk in coming over the desert that I am obliged to delay here until the 1st proximo, when from the rains having fallen I hope to be able to move to the Rio Grande. I hope I can count on getting meat and bread there. Mesilla is far removed from my source of supply. Pray advise me of all this. I am anxious to co-operate with you. My men are the finest material I have ever seen and anxious to strike a blow for the cause. Have you a plenty of rifled-musket ammunition? We can do be on the Rio Grande in fifteen days from this post.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S. - I am straining every point to get up supplies so as to leave July 1.

[Inclosure E.] HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, Tucson, Ariz., June 17, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel EDWARD E. EYRE,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Present:

COLONEL: It is important that a forced reconnaissance be made in advance of the column from the Rio Grande, and you are selected for this delicate and at the same time hazardous duty. You will take with you for this purpose a squadron of your regiment to be composed of all the effective officers and men of Companies B and C now here. For transportation you will have three six-mule teams. Take six aparejos int he wagons for packing purposes when necessary. Take, say, four days' pork, and dried beef and pemmican, and flour, coffee, sugar, salt, and vinegar for thirty days. Take 70 rounds of ammunition for the Sharps carbines per man, and 30 rounds per man of navy-revolver ammunition. You should have at least 6 pickaxes and 12 long-handled shovels as intrenching tools. Acting Assistant Surgeon Kittridge will accompany you. All other esseintials of your outfit will readily suggest themselves to you. When you bear in mind that you are always to be ready to fight, with your horses in the best possible condition, all, and only all, you will want practically to fulfill these requirements will come to your mind. You go to watch the road in the direction of the enemy. If possible you will capture or drive in his pickets, and observe and report upon his situation, strength, movements, and apparent purposes. To do this successfully the greatest prudence, sagacity, forecast, and boldness are necessary. I hardly need assure you that I have the fullest confidence in your ability to carry the purpose of your reconnaissance to the most useful results. Avoid collision with the Indians. Of course you will report back to me all that it is necessary for me to know.

Wishing you success, I am, colonel, very sincerely, yours,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure F.] HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, Tucson, Ariz., July 8, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH R. WEST,

First Infantry California Vols., Commanding at Tucson, Ariz.:

COLONEL: You will order a sergeant and nine trusty infantry soldiers and three first-rate cavalry soldiers to the crossing of the San Pedro, to guard some forage which the quartermaster will send to that

