
Phelan are the two which you are to transfer to Lieutenant-Colonel West. Sink a trench so the pipe of your wate works will be below ground; havethe pump and the mules which work it at such a point ad so defended by an epaulement or traverse, or some other defensive embankment, as to shield them completely from even an artillery fire. All this is left to your own judgment. The present locality, with the bare pipe running up the hill, is the worst possible arragement. I would suggest the digging of the trench and preparing the place for the pump and mules before you will make any charge of the pipe, &amp;c., from their present position. As soon as Colonel West has left to go to the Pima Villages I wish to be informed exactly how much barley you have and how many teams yuou have at work, and what each team is employed in doing. If those men who refused to carry their knapsacks are really penitent, you are at liberty to release them and return the charges against them to me. The soldiers of California will soon learn, I trust, that our business is an earnest business, and a serious business, and no child's play. When this is well learned we shall afterward have no trouble. The forage and rations which you have placed upon the desert will be convenient for Lieutenant-Colonel West. I have furnished Colonel West with manta to pay the Indians for service, wheat, &c. He may spare you a very little for those Indians whom you may hereafter employ. Send word to Mr. Rhodes that we shall want his cattle if they are fat. Tell Captain Johnson he can build the boat on the other side of these river, and hereafter can have the Cocopah tie up on the other side, but at his own risk. Keep H. C. Minor in arrest, as well as all other of the political prisoners, until you have sent to these headquarters the oath of allegiance, signer be each ione on a separate sheet of paper, and sworn to in the presence of all the officers ans men for duty in your command on the parade, and until you have sent to these heard from me what disposition then to make of them. I inclose a copy of a Then, if afterwaed we find any of these men in the ranks of the enemy, or giving aid, intelligence, or comfort to him, we shall have an abundance of witnesses to their oath, and shall have, according to the rules of war, a just right to hanf them up without further ceremony. They should understand this. I inclose for trial before the court to which you are tthe president charges against Private Edward Fitzgerald, Company F, Sixth Infantry, U. S. Army. Send at once all horses and mules and such horse equiPAGEas may have come to Fort Yuma with them which belonged to the Showalter party, and which you now have at Fort Yuma, to Captain McLaughlin, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, near Temecula, Cal. I hope our people will have luck at Tucson, but I am afraid so much time will have been lost waiting for Weaver's movement the enemy will have gotten out of the way. I trust we shall yet reconver Captain McCleave. His capture will teach others to have out an advance guard to give notice of danger, even if the whole party be of but three persons. Keep every man busy. Remember our wants in hay, in masquite beans, in everything that man or horse can live upon, and husband every resourcs end. Have a plenty of coal burned. set all your smiths at work fitting muleshoes and horseshoest. Have every wagon in good repair. Inspector everything yourself.

I am, major, respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE. - Save every bag, apd have all you save baled compactly for transportation.

