
and in the event of your having any positive informatiion of their preparing to commence hostiilities to report immediately to these headquarters by express.

By order of colonel Lippitt:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 5, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant General U. S. Army, Washimgton, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a report of the 1st instant from Colonel Justus Steinberger, First Infantry Washington Territory Volunteers. * The progress made by Colonel Steinberger in filling his regiment is highly gratifying. He has obtained an excellent class of men, and the zeal, energy, and interest he is manifesting warrant the belief that he will at an early day present to the Government a command that will do good service. Colonel Steinberger will shortly move with four companies to Fort Vancouver, and I shall then place him in command of the District of Oregon. I hope ofter the completion of organizations of the infantry regiment of Colonel Steinberger and the cavalry regiment of Colonel Cornalius that I shall be able to withdraw the battalions of the second and Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, which were sent up to that country in an emergency to relieve the regular troops ordered East. It is of the greatest importance to keep the volunteer regiment embodied, as far as the exigencies of the service will admit, both on the score of economy and discipline. The health of tthe troops in these department is good, and they are well supplied by the diferent staff departments. Our subsistence, clothing, and medical stores have mostly been procured in this coast, and all of good quality. We have been embarassed for want of funds, especially in the quartemaster's department. The contractors have suffered pecuniarily, in consequence of their dues from the Goyernment being so long withheld, but I take pleasure in bearing testimony to their partiotism, and the cheerfulness with which they have continued to furnish supplies on credit in this our time of need. The weather is improving, and the roads in Southern California will soon be in good order. Colonel Carleton's troops are moving on Fort YuThe troops for the protection of the Overland Mail Route will be advance as soon as the mountains can be passed. I have this moment received from the Governor of the State a copy of your telegraphic dispatch of the 3rd instant, directing that recruiting for volunteers shall cease. I have no late intelligence from New Mexico. Rumor states that Sibley has a force of 3,000 men there, but I doubt not that Canby can hold him in check until Carleton approaches. The political statuss of this country is unchanged. Quiet throughout.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

---------------

* See p. 977.

---------------

