
reported that there is a large body of men east of Beale's Crossing on the Colorado River, and it is possible, through not probable, that they will attempt to enter California by the Mojave route. The object in sending you to Camp Cady is to give the colonel commanding timely notice, of such should be their movements. By putting your men and animals inside of tthe work, spies or a small number of scouts from such a party, coming up tthe river, would not know of your presence until they came so close that their escape would be impossible. From these you would be able to get information, indirectly at least, of those who follow tthem. So also, if small bodies of secessionist attempt to leave this State to join such a party you will be at a point where you can readily intercept them. In marching to and from that point you will be sure to have an advance guard of one or two men 300 or 400 yards in front of you, lest you might fall into some ambush. You will have one six-mule team for the transportation of your subsistence and forage. Get one or two scythes from the depot at New San Pedro, of they have them, to cut hay for your horses while at Camp Cady. If you cannot get scythes, your men must cut it with thesir knives and bring it into the work in their blankets, if necessary. The colonel commanding relies greatly on your prudence, vigilance, and energy in executing these orders. You will remain in Camp Cady and in tthat neighborhood eleven days, when, if you receive no intelligence of the body of men alluded to above, you will return by easy marches to your proper station.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CULTER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. asst. adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Neew San Pedro, Cal., Apeil 5, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding directs that immediately upon your arrival at Camp Wright you forward by express to these headquarters a full statement of all subsistence stores you have on hand at that time, including thte subsistence you may find at Camp Wright upon your arrival at that post. The colonel commanding also directs that without delay you make the necessary requisition for clothing and ammunition for your entire regiment. Each man should have, after your arrival at Fort Yuma, somewhere in the neighborhood of 200 rounds of ammunition.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CULTER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS CAMP WRIGHT,Oak Grove, San Diego County, Cal., April 5, 1862.

Lieutenant BEN, C. CULTER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Southern California, Los Angeles:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of instructions from tthe colonel commanding the district, of date 31st ultimo and 1st instant, relating to a forward monement. As soon as the train

