
of thirty wagons arrives from New San Pedro I shall push on without delay. The clothing, subsistence, and forage are all ready to be loaded upon the train on the same night of their arrival, and the command will march the next morning. Instructions will be left for Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre, should he not arrive in the meantime. In crossing the desert to Fort Yuma I shall keep the command togetther as much as the supply of water will permit. I inclose a requisition for articles of indispensable necessity, and request that they be forwarded by some speedy means to overtake me. There are picks, but no handles, and not a single long handledshovel here. The scythes are much required. There are but seventy-two water kegs on hand; all that have yet been received. Two storm flags were received today from San Diego, invoiced as worthless, and utterly so. I desire to be informed by what title the post I am instructed to establish shall be designated. All trains arriving here have been heretofore either promptly returned this morning. Those that Captain Smith brought only remained iver night. Captain Thayer's and the manta taeams will be returned without delay. But two teams have been kept at this post during the last fortnight. The officer to whom I turn over will receive instructions not to increase the number.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAMP WRIGHT, No. 30. Oak Grove, San Diego County, Cal., April 5, 1862.

I. Companies C and K, First Infantry California Volunteers, and Companies B and G, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will hold themselves in readiness to march at an hour's notice, with the field equiPAGEprovided by General Orders, Numbers 3, headquarters District of Southern California, February 11, 1862. Commanders of companies are required to see that not an ounce more than that order allows be loaded upon their wagons. Twenty rounds of ammunition per man will be carried in cartidge boxes.

* * * * * * *

J. R. WEST,Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., April 5, 1862.

Colonel JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

First Regiment Washington Territory Vols., San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: A telegraphic dispatch from the Adjutant-General of the Army directs that the volunteer recruiting service will cease from the date tthereof. You will, thereofe, the general directs, call in all recruiting parties and consolidate the number of men enlisted and form them into companies at Alcatraz Island, preparatory to embarking for Fort Vancouver, Wah. Ter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

