HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 7, 1862.

Adjutant - General THOMAS:

I have received a copy of your dispatch of 3rd instant to Governon of California. Is it intended to suspend the organization of the Washington Territory regiment? Colonel Steinberger has now enrolled more tthan 400 men, and I earnestly recommend that the regiment be completed, as it will be required immediately for service in the Indian country.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier - General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., April 7, 1862.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

Commanding U. S. Forces of the Pacific:

SIR: I deem it my duty to inform you of all the facts in relation to the detention and recovery of the U. S. mail on yesterday. The steamer Saint Louis arrived at the wharf in this city yesterday at 12 m. with eight bags of U. S. mail matter from Acapulco, panama, and South America. When the boat touched the wharf the mail carrier and one of my clerks [both sworn officers of the United States Government] were on thte wharf and requested the purser of tthe ship to deliver the mails, so that they might be brought immediately to the post office. This he refused to do, without a written order from Messrs. Forbes &amp; Babcock, agents for the steamer. My clerk went immediately to the office of Messrs. Forbes & Babcock and found a clerk, who declined to issue the order. My clerk report these facts to me. I then went to the office myself and the clerk said he would send up to the church for Mr. Babcock, and he would notify me at the post office of the result. After waiting at my office and hour I called on you for the force which you kindly furnished for the purpose of seizing the mail by force, if necessary, and conveing it to the post office. I preceded the soldiers about five minutes to the ship. I found the captain had left and the ship was in charge of the first officer. The forst officer said there was no mail on board the ship and said he should forbit mu searching the ship. At this moment the soldiers arrived, and an agent of the company in a moment after. The mails, consisting of eight bags of letters and papers, were delivered to me and brought to the post office, where they arrived about 3 p. m. - they should have been at tthe office in ten minutes after the arrival of the ship. For your prompt answer to my call for assistance, I return my sincere thanks.

Yours, very truly,

S. H. PARKER,

Postmaster.

GUAYMAS, SONORA, MEXICO, April 7, 1862.

Brigadier - General WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: As a loyal citizens of thte United States I take the liberty of addressing to you thtis communication, and inclosing to you the accompanying corespomdence, * obtained while at Ures, the capital of Sonora

