
[from whence I returned three days since], through the politeness of Don Manuel Escalante, a reputed confidential friend of Governon Pesqueira and present deputy from Hermossilo to the Sonoran Legislature, now in session. This correspondence was obtained with the understanding that it would be communicated directly to San Francisco to yourself, and to the Evening Bulletin for publication, Mr. W. G. Moody, the correspondent for the above named paper, accompanied me in my trip. The replies of Governon Pesqueira to the communications of Sibley and Reily were positively promised us, and we were told that they were being translated for us, for which reason we delayed two days in Ures beyond our time of departure, but were unsuccessful in obtaining them. This morning's mail brought a note [copy of which is marked G] to Mr. Moody, requesting the correspondence to be withheld until the next steamer. Now, for what reason this request is make, why copies of the Governor's replies were withheld after being promised, and what the contents of those replies were, is to a considerable extent a matter of conjecture. Escalante represented to me positively, and such was the belief in Ures and Hermossilo, that Pesqueira denied the privilege of pursuing Indians into Sonora and of a depot at Guaymas, and that he declined to answear Sibley's interrogatory whether he respected the convention of the United States and Mexico relative to the right of transit for troops and munitions. Reily, however, while in this city boasted that he had obtained all the privileges asked for, and even more; that Pesqueira is friendly to them and their cause, and was only restrined from more open demostrations of his good will by the opposition of his people and their fears of the designs of the Confederate. I do not credit, however, the assertions of Reily, for it is well understood that Pesqueira is friendly to the North, and I have no doubt that such is the fact. Such at least is the unmista every Mexican in Sonora. They fear the Confederate for evident reasons. There is considerable apprehension falt on the part of the Government her, and freely expressed, that it is the design of the Confederates to make an incrursion into this State under some pretext or another, and that the privileges asked for by Sibley are in pursuance of that plan. That such is their plan I infer, not only from the nature of the case, but from intimations of Reily when here and the boastful tone of secessionists in this city since his departure. That Reily made arrangements while in this place for obtaining supplies from San Francisco and other place I have no doubt. That he made proposals to that effect to parties here I am positively informed. I hope to obtain particulars before this leter is mailed. The complications of Sonora politics and their relations to the interests of the United Stated are somewhat interesting and curious, and possibly important, and I may be pardoned in saying a few words relative thereto. It is currently reported and believe here that the convention of the allied powers with the Juarez Government has resulted in a scheme wherebly the local and State government are to be shorn of much of their present power and looseness of obligation to the central Government. The import duties and revenues generally are to be collected by new appointees under foreign direction and control, and the proceeds aplied to the new administration of the Government; the balance to the payment of foreign bonds and reimbursement for present advances.

I have reliable information that Pesqueira has openly declared that rather than submit to such terms he will resist and throw Sonora into the arms of the United States. That he is determined to be a state

