
point. You will order Roberts' company, of the First Infantry California Volunteers, to the San Simon, en route to the Rio Grande, where they will make an intrenched camp, if possible, near the mail station, and there await further orders. A train will accompany these troops with thirty days' rations for Colonel Eyre's command, commencing on its arrival at the San Simon, and thirty days' for the troops who are to remain at the San Pedro. Each soldier will have some intrenching tools and also some scythes. These troops are sent to guard these supplies until the column reaches them on its march to the Rio Grande. They also go to observe the road and to form a support to Colonel Eyre in case he falls back. You cannot be too minute in your instructions to them, having in view the furtherance of these ends. They are to have scouts all the time well to the front, unless menaced, say fifty or more miles; they are to keep me informed of movements in their vicinity of the enemy, and if attacked they are not to surrender on any terms. They are to be uncommonly watchul that Indians do not run off their stock, and at the same time are not to attack the Indians unless the latter are the aggressors.

I am, colonel, respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure N.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, Cal., May 30, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

First Infty. California Vols., Commanding Column from California:

SIR: Inclosed I have the honor to transmit, by direction of the general commanding the department, General Orders, Numbers 29, from the War Department. It is probable that your command may enter the Department of New Mexico. You will nevertheless act under the orders of the general commanding the Department of the Pacific, and make your returns as usual to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Sub-inclosure.] GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 29. Washington, March 22, 1862.

In the changes recently made in the boundaries of department commands it may happen that troops belonging to one department may either be in, or may unavoidably pass into, another. In such a case the troops so situated will continue under the command of the general under whose orders they may have been operating; but it is expected that they will be withdrawn as soon as the position they may occupy comes within the control of the proper commander of the department.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 10, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded.

I have supposed that General Orders, Numbers 29, of 1862, applied to troops passing through, even temporarily within, the limits of a depart-

