
of preparedness for future contingencies of some sort is evidence by the new activity prevailing at present in his military establishment. It must be remembered that Sonora has for several years maintained a quasi indepondence of the central Government; that Pesqueira has refused the control of the custom house to the appointees of the central Government, and that its revenues are paid out on his [Pesqueira's] orders for State expenses. The above alleged terms of the allied convention are universally considered to ben disgraceful, and it is the course left, viz, annexation to the United States. Should such an Confederates upon this State, together with the interests of the foreign powers, would present a somewhat curious entanglement. Of the present measures to be taken, if any are necessary, you are the judge. My intention is only to put you in possession of such facts and current beliefs and opinions as fall under my observation and which it may it is the belief of all Americans that the interests of the United States and the mature of his replies to Sibley, I have suppress, or at lest delay, the publication of his correspondence it is not improbable that he may have somehow entangled himself with them. That he fears them and their designs I am positively informed, and that he may have resorted to finesse is pretty eviident. As I am an entire stranger to you, I take the liberty to refer you for information concerning myself to Collector Rankin, Senator Shafter, Hathaway, and Perkiins; also my friend L. R. Lull.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. H. WATERMAN.

[Inclosure G.]

URES, April 4, 1862.

Mr. Moody: At tthe last hour Governor Pesqueira has told me to write you for the purpose of telling you that it would be very convenient not to publish the copies you have. I have promised him that you would send them up to San Francisco. In this intelligence I beg you not to send them until the nem very tight in the moment I write the present.

Yurs, very truly,

M. ESCALANTE.

GUAYMAS, April 7, 1862.

FARRELLY ALDEN, Esq.:

DEAR SIR: Whilke attending to some private business with the Government at Ures some ten days since, I learned that Colonel James Reily, of the Army of New Mexico, has been visiting Governon Pesqueira, of this State, to whom he was the bearer of dispatches from Brigadier General H. H. Sibley, C. S. Army, commanding Army of New Mexico. An acquaintance, Don Manuel Escalante, having this correspondence in his office, which he permitted me to take after he had finished his translations. When Senor Escalante left his office to take his Spanish

