
copies to the Governon he put the originals into the hands of a friend and myself to commence copying while he was absent upon his errand. My friend, F. H. Waterman, of San Francisco, and myself immediately set to work, and writing rapidly, finished our work in about half an hour, and Senor Escalante not having returned, we took our copies with us and strolled out for half an hour or so. Upon our return we learned that Senor Escalante had been in for a moment, and had taken away with him the original correspondence. I n the evening, when we again called upon Senor Escalante, he told us that the Governon had sent him for the originals, but that he would be sure to get us copies withim a few days. We informed him that we would [not] trouble him in that respect, but did press him for Governon Pesqueira'sanswear to the notes of General Sibley and Colonel Reily, which we informed him we had taken full copies of during the time he was first absent with the Governon. These Senor Escalante assured us we should have, at the same time informing us that they were quite lengthy. We prolonged our stay in Ures two days beuond our time for the purpose of obtaining those copies, which failing to get, we left under the assurance that tthey should be forwarded to us. Today, instead of receiving tthe wished for copies, I received Senor Escalante's note of the 4th instant. Deeming this matter of sufficient importance, I herewith inclose you copies * of what I have, for the use of the State Department at Washington. Senor Escalante was formerly prefect of Hermosillo, now a member of the Sonora Congress.

Yours truly,

W. G. MOODY.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP WRIGHT,Oak Grove, San Diego County, Cal., April 7, 1862.

Major THEO . A. COULT,

Firth California Volunteers Infantry:

I hereby turn over this command to you. There are four wagons en route for the post from San Pedro loaded with potatoes, &amp;c. Be good enough to have 1,000 pounds of potatoes taken from them and handed to Lieutenant Vestal, acting commissary of subsistence. Require the teams to continue on without delay to Fort Yuma. See that they have ten days' forage, twelve pounds to the mule, 2,880 pounds. Should they not be able to take that much barley let them draw the deficiency from Lieutenant Qualey, at Carriso Creek. Impress upon the teamsters the necessity of dispatch or my whole command will be retarded.

Wishing you a successful command, I have tthe honor to be, very respectfully, &c.,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant - Colonel First California Volunteers Infantry, Commanding
HDQRS. ADVANCE GUARD, CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp Wright, April 7, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel E. E. EYRE,

First California Volunteer Cavalry, Camp Wright:

On the 9th instant you will march with your command, eight wagons and one portable forge, from this post, and if possible overtake me at

