
Vallecito on the evening of the 10th instant. Take with you eighyt days' rations and eight days' forage for your animals. Should you lack full transportation for the latter, draw the deficiency at Carriso Creek when you reach that depot.

* * * * * * *

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Lieutenant - Colonel First California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 7, 1862.

Colonel FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding District of Humboldt, Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have sent orders to Lieutenant - Colonel olney, of your regiment, to break up his camp at Santa Barbara and repair to this place with the two companies under his command. He will reach here about the 14th, and on the first steamer thereafter embark with the companies for your headquarters. The late outrages of the Indians in your district require prompt, decivise action to punish them. Should the force which will be at your disposal still be inadequate to make a clean sweep, I will endeavor to throw a column on the southern boundary of your district, to advance north and cooperate with you. The Indian difficulties in the Humboldt District have been growing worse and worse for years, and I am determined to settle tthem now for the last time. Every Indian you may capture, and who has been engaged in hostilities present or past, shall be hung on the spot. Spare the women and children. Allow no citizens, unless employed by your order, to accompany the troops in the field. The officers of the medical department serving in your district, although assigned to posts, are nevertheless liabel to any service in the field or elsewhere as the exigenices of the service may require. An assistant surgeon in place of Dr. Todd, promoted, will report to you in a few days. I have full faith in your ability, activity, energy, and zeal, and I take great pleasure in confiding to your hands the final settlement of this war.

Whit great regard, I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier - General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

CONSULATE OF THE UNITED STATES,

Guaymas, April 8, 1862.

Brigadier - General WRIGHT,

Commanding Pacific Departmetn of War, &amp;c.:

SIR: I am indebted to Fred. H. Waterman, esq., for copies of the correspomdence * between Colonel James Reily, of the C. S. Army, and Governon Pesqueira, of this State, so far as the colonel is concerved. I have no copies of the Governon's replies, but I have reason to believe you will get the latter through some other channel. Mr. Waterman proposes to send you his copies bu first opportunity, this mail. Orders will probably go bu next [present] steamer for $ 5,000 worth of guns

---------------

* See inclosures Alden to Wright, April 26, p. 1030.

---------------

