
nad ammunition for the government of this State, to be paid for, I think, by drafts on the banking house of Messrs. Bours, in Stockton, drawn by T. Robinson Bours, of Alamos, in this State. The government of the city have of late caused every foreigner here to register his name and what fire- arms he has. The English wae steamer Mutine is in port, and negotiations have been going on in relation to the late forced loan. Her presents the forcible entry into the warehouse of Huan A. Robinson to take goods to cover the amount of his assessment. The merchants of the place have addressed an appeal to Captain Graham, of the Mutine, to protect them in case of need. Captain G [raham] has sent an express to the admiral down the coast for instructions and power. meanwhile he informs me that he will not leave us in the present state of affairs, which are daily becoming more complicated, the result of which is hard to foresee. But with such an unstable government, the repeated foreced loans, the government bankrupt, and an almost certain invasion by Southern Texas troops into the State, we sadly need the presence of some power to protect American lives and propertyin this portion of Mexico. I make the communication tthat you may govern yourself according to circumstances. Yesterday the Mutine siezed a small Mexican schooner, supposed to have on board some $ 5,000 belonging to government. She has been released, but without finding the money on board.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WM. L. BAKER

U. S. Consul.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Los Angeles, April 9, 1862.

Colonel J. H. CARLETON, or MILITARY COMNANDER OF SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA:

SIR: I hereby request the you will detail a sufficient military force from your command to this city without delay to assist me in arresting and detaining the person of A. J. King, the present under sheriff of this county, and a notorious seccessionsit, who yesterday brought into this city and ostentatiously displayed before a large crowd of citizrns an elegantly engraved and framed lithographic portrait, life size, of the rebel General Beauregard, thereby seeking to give eclat in a disaffected community to the rebel cause, and who in my presence has disavowed all allegional Government, at the same time proclainimg that of Jeff. Davis the only constitutional government that was had. As the said King is a desperate man, and as there is a possibility that a rescue might be attempted [as a majority of this community sympathizes with the rebellion], I would suggest that celerity and secrecy be observed, and that a force sufficient for contingencies be detailed. I would add that should the colonel commanding this district think it preferable to make this arrest directly, without the interference of the marshal, as a military arrest, I should perfectly concur with him in the wisdom of such a course, in which case the foregoing requisition to stand void and of no effect. Under all circumstances I should desire to act in entire unison with the military authorities of this department in this matter, but particularly so, as the Federal civil authority is almost powerless in this section; and as all parties arrested by the marshal would have to be turned over to the military, owing to the fact

63 R R - VOL L, PT I

