
thank you to refer to that letter and take immediate measures to correct the irregularities referred to. Make requisitions for all the supplies you may need on the chief of staff at these headquarters, and orders will then be given as to the mode of procuring them. It will not be necessary for you to purchase any horses, mules, or wagons, or any means of transportations, as we have sufficient on hand in the District of Oregon for use during the next summer. Do not allow your staff officers, eitther at your headquarters or with any portion of your regiment, to make any purchases or contracts without previous authority from these headquarters except for forage and fuel and straw. I find that the acting quartemaster with the battalion at Jacksonville has been building quarters, hiring a clerk, &amp;c., all of which is disaproved, and no such accounts or clains will be paid, and what is the most astonishing is that he has hired men to take charge of company horses. What is a cavalry soldier good for if he cannot take care of his horse? No money will be furnished to pay any of these amounts above referred to.

Clerks are not allowed for any staff officers in this department without my previous sanction. I hope, colonel, that you will take immediately steps to arrest all these irregularities; if permitted to go in a moment louger it will be injurious to your regiment in the highest dergee. I understand that an unusual number of men enrolled in your companies have been discharged at Fort Vancouver, for various causes. Too much care cannot be bestowed in the examination of men presenting themselves for enlistment. The examinig surgeon and recruiting officer should assure themselves that man is perfectly sound, free from disease, able bodeid, sober, and of good character and habits, before passing him; a neglect of this positive duty subject those officers not only to a pecuniary loss in refunding to the Government all the expenses of rejected men, but they are alrial by a general court martial; all men desirous of joining the Army should, in every case, be entirely stripped of their clothing and critically examined by the surgeon and recruiting office together at the same time. The man's declaration as to his soundness will not be taken. Bear in mind tthat your adjutant and regimental quartemaster must be lieutenants in some company of your regiment; you are not allowed extra lieutenants for those positions. As your regiment has been reduced for the present to six companies, no more field officers will be appointed. If, under the authority of the War Depatrment, all the field officers allowed for a regiment have been appointed, you can retain them until orders shall be received from the Secretary of War on the subject; but, in the meantime, should vacancies occur they will not be filled.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier - General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 10, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant - General U. S. Army, Washingtton, D. C.:

GENERAL: Since my communication addressed to you on the 5th instant nothing of moment has transpired. The Indian difficulties in the District of Humboldt have become so aggravated that I have determined to throw additional troops into that country and close up

