
that war for the last time. Inclosed herewith is a copy * of a letter of instructions I have sent to Colonel Lippitt, Second Infantry California Volunterers, which will advise you of the steps I have taken and propose to take for an effective campaign. From Oregon I have nothing spacial to report. My previous letters have informed you of the measures to be taken to preserve peace in that district, as well as to afford protection to emigrants when they approach. I have ordered Major Patten, of the Ninth Infantry, now at the Presidio, to proceed to Fort Steilacoom, Wash. Ter., and assume command of that post, and also to exerise a general supervision over all the posts in the sound, whether at present occupied by troops or not. Major Drum, my assistant adjutant - general, I have sent to the Southern District of California to inspect the troops of Carleton's command, now at Fort Yuma, or en route. The major will be absent about twenty days. I beg of you to let Major Drum remain on duty in this department. My troops are so dispersed and occupy such a vast extent of country that the assistance of an experienced adjutant - general is of the greatest importance to me. major Drum suits me exactly. He is capable, industrious, energetic, and zealous, anornament to your depatrment. I have deemed it best to retain the immediate command of my own regiment. The subalterns of the regiment having most of them been so lately appointed, I have not yet made a selection for adjutant. However, I can get along very well with the aid of my sergeant major. The weather is steadily improving and the active operations have already commenced. Colonel Connor, Third Infantry California Voluntees, the officer whom I have selected to command all the troops desigaeted for the protection of the Overland Mail Route, is making his preparations to cross the mountains as soon as the roads are practicable.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT.

Brigadier - General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 58. San Francisco, Cal., April 10, 1862.

1. Major George W. Patten, Ninth Infantry, is assigned to the command of Fort Steilacoom. Wash. Ter., to which post he will proceed without delay. In addition to commanding the post of Fort Steilacoom, Major Patten is charged with a general supervision of all the military posts on the sound, whether occupied or not.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier - General Wright:

R. W. KIRKHAM,Captain and Assistant Quartemasters, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, SOUTHERN DIST. OF CALIFORNIA,

Los Angeles, Cal., April 10, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Pacific Department, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: May not the Union citizens of this section ask that greater rigor be exercised toward secessionism, or the expression of it, in Southern

---------------

* See Wright to Lippitt, April 7, p. 992

---------------

