
you in behalf the handful of cincere Union men in this community to have the strings drawn tauter here on that insidious secessionism against which Union policy too often is no match.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY D. BARROWS,

U. S. Marshal, Southern District of California.

P. S. - If, sir, you should desire references, I would name Doctor Tuthill [Evening Bulletin], S. J. Bridge, esq,[appraiser general], and particularly D. W. Cheesman, esq. [assistant sub treasurer], who knows me well and who knows so well the condition of Unionism in this southern country.

H. D. B.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., April 10, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, or The COMMANDING OFFICER AT CAMP WRIGHT, CAL.:

SIR.: Direct Major Coult, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, with Captain Roberts' company [E], First Infantry California Volunteers, and Captain Ford's company [E], of the Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, to proceed without delay to Fort Yuma, Cal. Captain Roberts' company will leave Camp Wright one day in advance of Captain Ford's company; thus by the time Captain Ford's company will be ready to move, two wagons laden with hospital stores which left New San Pedro, Cal., en route for Fort Yuma, on the 6th of April, 1862, will have come to Camp Wright. These must pass the desert under the protection of Captain Ford's company. These companies will have for transportation as many of th wagons which went with your own [Colonel Bowie's] command as may be necessary. The two howitzers and all the articles pertaining to them will be furnished with two tents apiece. Hospital tent, poles, &amp;c., which were sent forward with Colonel Bowie's command will also be forwarded to Fort Yuma. The companies will each take 5,000 rounds to be carried in his cartridge box. In all other respects tth companies will be fitted out according to General Orders, Numbers 3, current series. You will have every article that goes upon the wagons weighed upon the svales, so as to be sure that the teams are not overloaded. The rest of the wagons which went with Colonel Bowie's command will be loaded with forage and provisions and sent forward to Fort Yuma.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

JAMES H. CARirst California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., April 10, 1862.

Major E. A. RIGG,

Commanding at Fort Yuma, Cal.:

MAJOR: Ihave just ordered Major Coult with Roberts' and Ford's companies of infantry, with two mountain howitzers and with two wagon loads of hospital stores, to proceed from Camp Wright without

