
delay and report you at Fort Yuma. The transportation which accompanies this command will doubtless be fourteen wagons, which you will doubtless need at the fort or in advance of the fort. Otherwise return such as are not needed to Camp Wright. I have ordered a new hospital tent, poles, &amp;c., to be sent. These will be forwarded to Lieutenant - Colonel West by the forst opportunity. Major woods, with funds to pay your troops, and Major Drum, to inspect yor post and command, left here today for Fort Yuma. Yourself and West are too good soldiers not to have spies watching and reporting upon every movement of an enemy, let him be where he may, within 200 miles of yo. I am very anxious to hear the result of Calloway's and Pishon's enterprise. I am very anxious to hear that the brig Rice has arrived. There is no doubt but Major Drum will find your post in the finest possible order, and everything about it neat and clean, and all your defenses in first rate order.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Colonel First California Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE. - Mr. Yager should know that the garrison at Fort Yuma for two months at least will be largely increased. He might, therefore, have a good supply of beef in hand.

J. H. C.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 11, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant - General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith is a copy of a communication * which I addressed to Colonel Cornalius, First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers. Disposed as my troops are, over a wide extent of country, it requires the greatest vigilance to prevent waste and extravagance. The commanding and staff officers generally have but little, if any, experience; but they have th Regulations, and I have, in repeated circulars and orders, explained to them very carefully as to the manner of making contracts or purchases; notwithstanding all this, irregularities will creep in. To watch over the interest of the United States I am now sending exeperienced officers to inspect every post and camp within the department. In these times, when all the means and money at our disposal are required for the legitimate expeditures of the Government, I am determined that no unfaithful officer or agent shall for a single moment retain his position.

With great respect, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier - General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Los Angeles, Cal., April 11, 1862.

Captain R. W. KIRKHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant - General, San Francisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed herewith please find copies of Major Rigg's letters + to these headquarters, which will give the general the last

---------------

* See Wright to Cornelius, April 9, p. 994.

+ See Rigg to Carleton, March 25, March 26, March 27, March 30 [2], and April 2 [2].

ante.

---------------

