4                                          THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                        December 2,
the United States, strongly urged the convocation
of the Chambers at an earlier day, but without
success. It is proper to remark, however, that
this refusal has been accompanied with the most
-positive assurances, on the part of the executive
Government of France, of their intention to press
the appropriation at the ensuing session of the
Chambers.
The executive branch of this Government has,
as matters stand,exhausted all the authority upon
the subject with which it is invested, and which
it had any reason to believe could be beneficially
employed.
The'idea of acquiescing in the refusal to exe-
cute the treaty will not, T am confident, be for a
moment entertained by any branch of this Gov-
ernment; and further negotiation is equally out
of the question.
If it shall be the pleasure of Congress to await
the further action of the French Chambers, no
further consideration of the subject will, at this
session, probably be required at-your hands.
But if, from the original 'delay in asking for an
appropriation, from the refusal of the Chambers
to grant it when asked, from the omission to bring
the subject .beforethe Chambers at their last ses-
sion, from the fact that, including that session,
there have been five different occasions when the
appropriation might have been made, and from
the delay in convoking the Chambers until some
weeks after the meeting of Congress, when it
was well known that a communication of the
whole subject to Congress at the last session was
prevented byassurances lliat it should be disposed
of before its present meeting, you should feel
yourselves constrained to doubt whether it be the
intention of the French Government, in all its
branches, to carry the treaty into effect, and think
that such measures as the occasion may be deemed
to call for should now be adopted, the important
question arises what those measures-shall be?
Our institutions are essentially pacific. Peace
and friendly intercourse with all nations arc as
much the desire of our Government as they are
the interest of our people. But these objects are
not to be permanently secured by surrendering
the rights of our citizens, or permitting solemn
treaties for their indemnity in cases of flagrant
wrong to be abrogated and set aside.
It is undoubtedly in the power of Congress se-
riously to affect the agricultural and manufacturing
interests of France, by the passage of laws relating
to her trade with the United States. Her products,
manufactures, and tonnage, may be subjected to
heavy duties in our ports, or all commercial in-
tercourse with her may be suspended. But there
are powerful, and, to my mind, conclusive, ob-
jections to this mode of pioceeding. We cannot
embarrass or cut off the trade of France, with-
out, at the same time, in some degree, embarrass-
ing or cutting off our own trade. The injury of
such a warfare must fall, though unequally, upon
our own citizens, and could not but impair the
means of the Government, and weaken that united
sentiment in support of the rights and honor of
the nation, which must now pervade every bosom.
Nor is it impossible that such a course of legisla-
tion would introduce once more into our national
councils those disturbing questions in relation to
the tariff of duties which have been so recently
put to rest. Besides, by every measure adopted
by the Government of the United States with the
view of injuring France, the clear perception of
right which will induce our own people, and the
rulers and people of all other nations, even of
France herself, to pronounce our quarrel just, will
be obscured, and the support rendered to us in a
final resort to more decisive measures, will be
more limited and equivocal. There is but one
pom tin the controversy, and upon that the whole
civilized world must pronounce France to be in
the wrong. Wo insist that she shall pay us a
sum of money, which she has acknowledged to
be due; and of the justice of this demand, there
can be but one opinion among mankind. True
policy would seem to dictate that the question at
issue should be kept thus disincumbered, and that
not the slightest pretense should be given to
France to persist in her refusal to make payment,
by any act on our part affecting the interests of
her people. The question should be left as it is
now, in such an attitude that when France fulfills
| her treaty stipulations, all controversy will be at
' an end.
;     It is my conviction, that the United States ought
i to insist on a prompt execution of the treaty, and
1 in case it be refused, or longer delayed, take re-
! dress into their own hands.    After a delay on
; the part of France of a quarter of a century in
i acknowledging these claims by treaty, it is not to
j be tolerated that another quarter of a century is
, to be wasted in negotiating about the payment.
j The laws  of nations provide a remedy for such
I occasions.    It is a well settled principle of the
j international code, that where one nation owes
| another a liquidated debt, which it refuses or
neglects to pay, the aggrieved party may seize on
the property belonging to the other, its citizens
or subjects, sufficient to pay the debt, without
giving just cause of war.    This remedy has been
repeatedly resorted to, and recently by France
herself towards Portugal, under circumstances
less unquestionable.
The time at which resort should be had to this,
or any other mode of redress, is a point to be
decided by Congress. If an appropriation shall
not be made by the French Chambers at their I
next session, it may justly be concluded that the
Government of France has finally determined to
disregard its own solemn undertaking, and refuse
to pay an acknowledged debt. In that event,
every day's delay on our part will be a stain upon
our national honor, as well as a denial of justice
to our injured citizens. Prompt measures, when
the refusal of France shall be complete, will not
only be most honorable and just, but will have
the best effect upon our national character.
Since France, in violation of the pledges given
through her minister here, has delayed her final
action so long that her decision will not probably
be known in time to be communicated to this
Congress, I recommend that a law be passed,,
authorizing reprisals upon French property, in
case provision shall not be made for the payment
of the debt, at the approaching session of the
| French Chambers. Sucha measure ought not to
i be considered by France as amenace. Her pride
and power are too well known to expect anything
from her fears, and preclude the necessity of a
declaration that nothing partaking of the character
of intimidation is intended by us. She ought to
look upon it as the evidence only of an inflexible
determination on the part of the United States to
insist on their rights. That Government, by
doing only what it has itself acknowledged to be
just, will be able to spare the United States the
necessity of taking redress into their own hands,
and save the property of French citizens from that
seizure and sequestration which American citi-
zens so long endured without retaliation or re-
dress. If she should continue to refuse that act
of acknowledged justice, and in violation of the
law of nations make reprisals on our part the
occasion of hostilities against the United States,
she would but add violence to injustice, and could
tint fail to expose herself to the just censure of
civilized nations, and to the retributive judgments
of Heaven.
Collision with France is the more to be regret-
ted, on account of the position she occupies in
Europe in relation to liberal institutions. But-in
maintaining our national rights and honor, all
Governments are alike to us. If, by a colli«ion
with France, in a case where she is clearly in the
wrong, the march of liberal principles shall bo
impeded, the responsibility for that result, as well
as every other, will rest on her own head.
Having submitted these considerations, it be-
longs to Congress to decide whether, after what
has taken place, it will still await the further ac-
tion of the French Chambers, or now adopt such
provisional measures as it may deem necessary
I and best adapted to protect the rights and main-
tain the honor of the country. Whatever that
decision may be, it will be faithfully enforced by
the Executive, as far as he is authorized so to do.
According to the estimate of the Treasury De-
partment, the revenue accruing, from all sources,
during the present year, will amount to twenty
millions six hundred and twenty-four thousand
seven hundred and seventeen dollars, which, with
the balance remaining in the Treasury on the first
of January last, of eleven millions seven hundred
and two thousand nine hundred and five dollars,
roduces an aggregate of thirty-two millions-three
undred and twenty-seven thousand six hundred
and twenty-three dollars. The total expenditure
during the year for all objects, including the pub-
lic debt, is estimated at twenty-five millions five
hundred and ninety-one thousand three hundred
and ninety dollars, which will leave a balance in
the Treasury on the firstof January, 1835, of six
millions seven hundred and thirty-six thousand
two hundred and thirty-two dollars. In this bal-
ance, however, will be included about one mil-
lion one hundred and fifty thousand dollars of
what was heretofore reported by the Department
as not effective.
Of former appropriations it is estimated that
there will remain unexpended at the close of the
year, eight million two thousand nine hundred
and twenty-five dollars, and of this sum there
will not be required more than five million one
hundred and forty-one thousand nine hundred
and sixty-four dollars to accomplish the objects
of all the current appropriations. Thus it appears
that, after satisfying all those appropriations, and
after discharging the lastilem of our public debt,
which will be done on the 1st of January next,
there will remain unexpended in the Treasury
an effective balance of about four hundred and
forty thousand dollars. That such should be the
aspect of our finances is highly flattering to the
industry and enterprise of our population, and
auspicious of the wealth and prosperity which
await the future cultivation of their growing re-
sources. It is not deemed prudent, however, to
recommend any change for the present in our im-
post rates, the effect of the gradual reduction now
in progress in many of them not being sufficiently
tested to guide us in determining the precise
amount of revenue which they will produce.
Free from public debt, at peace with all the
world, and with no complicated interests to con-
sult in our intercourse with foreign Powers, the
present may be hailed as that epoch in our history
the most favorable for the settlement of those
principles in our domestic policy which shall be
best calculated to give stability to our Republic,
and secure the blessings of freedom to our citi-
zens. Among these principles, from our past
experience, it cannot be doubted that simplicity
in the character of the Federal Government, and
a rigid economy in its administration should be
regarded as fundamental and sacred. All must
be sensible that the existence of the public debt,
by rendering taxation necessary for its extin-
guishment, has increased the difficulties which
are inseparable from every esercise of the taxing
power-, and that it was, in this respect, a remote
¡ agent in producing those disturbing questions
which grew out of the discussions relating to the
tariff. If such hits been the tendency of a debt
incurred in the acquisition and maintenance of
our national rights and liberties, the obligations
of which all portions of the Union cheerfully
acknowledged, it must be obvious, that whatever
is calculated to increase the burdens of Govern-
ment without necessity must be fatal to all our
hopes of preserving its true character While
we are felicitating ourselves, therefore, upon the
extinguishment of the national debt, and the
prosperous state of our finifnecs, let us not be
tempted to depart from those sound maxims of
public policy which enjoin a just adaptation of
the revenue to the expenditures that are consis-
tent with a rigid economy, and an entire absti-
nence from all topics of legislation that are not
clearly within the constitutional powers of the
Government, and suggested by the wants of the
country. Properly regarded, under such a pol-
icy, every diminution of the public burdens
arising from taxation gives to individual enter-
prise increased power, and furnishes to all the
members of our happy Confederacy new motives
for patriotic affection and support. But, above
all, its most important effect will be found in its
inilueiii-e .upon the character of the Government,
by confining its action to those objects which will
be sure to secure to it the attachment and sup-
port of our fellow-citizens.
Circumstances make it my duty to call the
attention of Congress to the Bank of the United
S.tates. Created for the convenience of the Gov-
ernment, that institution has become the scourge
of the people.    Its interference to postpone the
