1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7
demand its reorganization by law. The whole of
its receipts and disbursements have hitherto been
left entirely to executive control and individual
discretion. The principle is as sound in relation
to this as to any other Department of the Gov-
ernment, that as little discretion should be con-
fided to the executive officer who controls it, as
is compatible with its efficiency. It is therefore
earnestly recommended that it be organized with
an Auditor and Treasurer of its own, appointed by
the President and Senate, who shall be branches
of the Treasury Department.
Your attention is again respectfully invited to
the defect which exists in the judicial system of
the United States. Nothing can be more desira-
ble than the uniform opciation of the Federal
Judiciary throughout the several States, all of
which, standing on the samo footingas members'
of the Union, have equal rights to the advantages
and benefits resulting from its laws. This object
is not attained by the judicial acts now in force,
because they leave one fourth of the States with-
out circuit courts.
It'is undoubtedly the duty of Congress to place
all the States on the same footing in this respect,
either by the creation of an additTonal number of
associate judges, or by an enlargement of the
circuits assigned to those already appointed, so
as to include the new States. Whatever may be
the difficulty in a proper organization of the judi-
cial system, so as to secure its efficiency and
uniformity in all parts of the Union, and at the
same time to avoid such an increase of judges as
would encumber the supreme appellate tribunal,
it should not be allowed to weigh against the
great injustice which the present operation of the
system produces.
1 trust that 1 may be also pardoned for renew-
ing the recommendation I have so often submit-
ted to your attention, in regard to the mode of
electing the President and Vice President of the
United States. All the reflection I have been able
to bestow upon the subject increases my convic-
tion that the best interests of the country will be
promoted by the adoption of some plan which will
secure, in all contingencies, that important right
of sovereignty to the direct control of the people.
Could this be attained, and the terms of those
officers be limited to a single period of either four
or six years, I think our liberties would possess
an additional safeguard.
At your last session I called the attention of
Congress to the destruction of the public building
occupied by the Treasury Department. As the
public interest requires that another building
should be erected, with as little delay as possible,
it is hoped that the means will be. seasonably pro-
vided, and that they will be ample enough to
authorize such an enlargement and improvement
in the plan of the building as will more effectually
accommodate the public officers, and secure the.
public documents deposited in it from the casu-
alties of fire.
I have not been able to satisfy myself that the
bill entitled, " An act to improve the navigation
of the Wabash river," which was sent to me at
the close of your last session, ought to pass, and
I have therefore withheld from it my approval,
and now re turn it to the Senate, the body in which
it originated.
There can be no question connected wi.th the
administration of public affairs, more important
or more difficult to be satisfactorily dealt with,
than that which relates to the rightful authority
and proper action of the Federal Government
upon the subject of internal improvements. To
inherent embarrassments have been added others
resulting from the course of our legislation con-
cerning it.
I have heretofore communicated freely with
Congress upon this subject; and in adverting to
it again, I cannot refrain from expressing my in-,
creased conviction of its extreme importance, as
well in regard to its bearing upon the mainte-
nance of the Constitution, and the prudent man-
agement of the public revenue, as on account of
its disturbing effect upon the harmony of the
Union.
We are in no danger from violations of the
Constitution by which encroachments are made
upon the personal rights of the citizen. The sen-
tence of condemnation long since pronounced by
the American people upon acts of that character
will, I doubt not, continue to prove as salutary
in its effects as it is irreversible in its nature.  But
against the dangers of unconstitutional acts which,
instead of menacing the vengeance of offended
authority, proffer local advantages, and bring in
their train the patronage of the Government, we
are, I fear, not so safe.  To suppose that because
our Government has been instituted for the ben-
efit of the people, it must therefore have the power
to do whatever may seem to conduce to the pub-
lic good, is an error into which even honest minds
are too apt to fall.   In yielding themselves to this
fallacy, they overlook the great considerations
in which the Federal Constitution was founded.
They forget that in consequence of the conceded
diversities in the interest and condition of the dif-
ferent States, it was foreseen, at the period of its  i
adoption, that although .a particular measure of
the Government might be beneficial and proper
in one State, it might be the reverse in another—
that it was for this reason that the States would
not consent to make a grant to the Federal Gov- j
eminent of the general and usual powers of Gov- j
ernment, but of such only as were specifically '
enumerated, and the probable effects of which ¡
they could, as they thought, safely anticipate; ¡
and they forget also the paramount obligation j
upon all to abide by the compact, then so solemn-
ly, and, as it was hoped, so firmly established.
In addition to the dangers to the Constitution,
springing from the sources I have stated, there
has been one which was perhaps greater than all.
I allude to the materials which this subject has
afforded for sinister appeals to selfish feelings, and ;
the opinion heretofore so extensively entertained
of its adaptation to the purposes of personal am- i
bition.   With such stimulants it is not surprising ;
that the acts and pretensions of the Federal Gov- j
ernment, in this behalf, should sometimes have
been earned to an alarming extent.    The qucs-j
tions which have arisen upon this subject have j
related—                                                                      jl
1st. To the power of making international im- I
provements within the limits of a State, with the !
right of territorial jurisdiction, sufficient at least j
for their preservation and use.                                  |
2d. To the right of appropriating money in aid ;
of such works when carried on by a State or by ¡
a company in virtue of State authority, surren-
dering the claim of jurisdiction; and,
3d. To the propriety of appropriation for im-
provements of a particular class, viz: for light-
houses, beacons, buoys, public piers, and forthe
removal of sand bars, sawyers, and other tempo-
rary and partial impediments in our navigable
rivers and4iarbors.
The claim of power for the General Govern-
ment upon each of these points certainly presents
matter of the deepest interest.   The firstis, how-
ever, of much the greatest importance, inasmuch
as, m addition to the dangers of unequal and im-
provident expenditures of public moneys, com-
mon to all, there is superadded to that the conflict-
ing iurisdictions of the respective Governments.
Federal jurisdiction, at least to the extent I have J
stated, has been justly regarded hy its advocates j
as necessarily appurtenant to the power in ques- ¡
tion, if that exists by the Constitution.    That the j1
most injurious conflicts would unavoidably arise |!
between the respective jurisdictions of the State [ \
and Federal Governments, in the absence of a con- I
stitutional provision marking out their respective .
boundaries, cannot be doubted. The local advant- j
ages to be obtained would induce the States to
overlook in the  beginning the dangers and diffi-
culties to which they might ultimately be exposed.
The powers exorcised   by the  Federal   Govern-
ment would soon be regarded with jealousy by   ¡
the State authorities, and originating as they must '
from implication or assumption, it would be im- I i
possible to affix to them certain and safe limits, ¡j
Opportunities and temptations to the assumption ^
of power incompatible with State sovereignty i|
would be increased, and those barriers which ||
resist the tendency of our system towards consoli- j.
dation greatly weakened. The officers andagents ||
of the General Government might not always   ;
have the discretion to abstain from intermeddling j:
with State concerns; and if they did, they would :|
not always escape the suspicion of having done j j
so.  Collisions, and consequent irritations, would ¡j
spring up—thatharmony which should everexist
between theGeneralGovernmentand each member
of the Confedaracy, would be frequently inter-
rupted—a spirit of contention would be engen-
dered—and the dangers of division greatly multi-
plied.
Yet we all know that, notwithstanding these
grave objections, this dangerous doctrine was at
one time apparently proceeding to its final estab-
lishment with fearful rapidity. The desire to
embark the Federal Government in works of
internal improvement" prevailed in the highest
degree during the first session of the first Con-
gress that I had the honor to meet in my present
situation. When the bill authorizing a subscrip-
tion on the part of the United States for stock
in the Maysville and Lexington Turnpike Com-
panies passed the two Houses, there had been
reported by the Committees of Internal Improve-
ments, bills containing appropriations for such
objects, exclusive of those for the Cumberland
road, and for harbors and light-houses, to the
amount of about one hundred and six millions of
dollars. In this amount was included authority to
the Secretary of the Treasury to subscribe for the
stock of different companies to a great extent, and
the residue was principally for the direct con-
struction of roads by this Government. In addi-
tion to these projects, which had been presented
to the two Houses, under the sanction and recom-
mendation of their respective Committees on In-
ternal Improvements, there were then still pend-
ing before the committees, and in memorials to
Congress, presented, but not referred, different
projects for works of a similar character, the
expense of which cannot be estimated with cer-
tainty, but must have exceeded one hundred
millions of dollars.
Regarding the bill authorizing a subscription to*
the stock of the Maysville and Lexington Turn-
pike Company as the entering wedge of a sys-
tem, which, however weak at first, might soon
become strong enough to rive the bands of the
Union asunder; and believing that, if its passage
was acquiesced in by the Executive and the peo-
ple, there would no longer be any limitation upon
the authority of the General Government in re-
spect to the appropriation of money for such
objects, I deemed it an imperative duty to with-
hold from it the executive approval. Although,
from the obviously local character of that work,
I might well have contented myself with a refusal
to approve the bill upon that ground, yet, sensible
of the vital importance of the subject, and anx-
ious that my views and opinions in regard to the
whole matter should be fully understood by Con-
gress and by my constituents, I felt it my duty to
go further. I therefore embraced that early occa-
sion to apprise Congress that, in my opinion, the
Constitution did not confer upon it the power to
authorize the construction of ordinary roads and
canals within the limits of a State, and to say,
respectfully, that no bill admitting such a power
could receive my official sanction. I did so, in
the confident expectation that the speedy settle-
ment of the public mind upon the whole subject
would be greatly facilitated by the difference be-
tween the two Houses and myself, and that the
harmonious action of the several departments of
the Federal Government in regard to it would
be ultimately secured.
So far, at least, as it regards this branch of the
subject, my best hopes have been realized. Near-
ly four years have elapsed, and several sessions of
Congress have intervened, and no attempt, within
my recollection, has been made to induce Con-
gress to exercise this power. The applications
for the construction of roads and caijals, which
were formerly multiplied upon your files, are no
longer presented; and we have good reason to
infer that the current of public sentiment has be-
come so decided against the pretension as effectu-
ally to discourage its reassertion. So thinking, I
derive the greatest satisfaction from the convic-
tion that thus much, at least, has been secured
upon this important and embarrassing subject.
From attempts to appropriate the national funds
to objects which are confessedly of a local charac-.
ter, we cannot, I trust,Jttave anything further to
apprehend. My views in regard to the expedien-
cy of making appropriations for works which are
claimed to be of a national character, and prose-
