1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
Bank dividends and mis-
cellaneous receipts*.... 500,000
To which add the balance oí avail-
able funds in the Treasury on
the 1st of January, 1835, esti-
mated at.....................     5,586,232 34
And they make together the sura
of..........................$25,586,232 34
The necessary appropriations for
the year 1835, including those
under new and permanent acts,
are estimated at ^15,060,232 73.
But the whole expenditures for
the service of that year are esti-
mated to require the additional
sum of $1,523,308 79, which has
before "been appropriated and
mentioned as applicable to the
wants of 1835, without a reap-
propriation, making together, #17,183,541 52
Viz: on—
Civil, foreign   inter-
course, and misccl-                           •
laneous items......2,788,225 85
Military service, &c.,
pensions, and the
appropriations un-
der flie act of 7th
June, 1832.........9,672,654 50
Naval service, and
gradual improve-
ment............ 4,672,661 17
Unclaimed interest on
public debt.........      50,000 00
To this add, as a contingent ex-
penditure, about half the amount
of the average excess of appro-
priations beyond the estimates
during the last three years......     2,500,000 00
And they make the sum of.....§19,683,541 52
Leaving an available balance in
the Treasury, at the close of the
year 1835, or on the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1836, estimated at.......  §5,902,690 82
But should the whole amount of former appro-
priations, current and permanent, that will be
outstanding on the 1st of January, 1835, and be
needed to complete the services of former years —
amounting in all, as before shown, to the sum of
$6,141,707 20—be actually called for during the
year 1835, there would be an apparent deficiency
in the Treasury on the 1st of January, 1836. It
usually happens, however, that of the new and
the old appropriations a sum of five or six millions
remains uncalled for at the commencement of each
year; and hence no real deficit is then anticipated,
nor much, if any, excess, after defraying all the
expenditures then chargeable to die Treasury.
This estimate of receipts is formed on the sup-
position that the value of impoi ts during the en-
suing year, and especially of those paying duties,
will not differ essentially from the average during
the last three years. Though our population has,
within that period, probably increased over one
million, yet our manufactures and internal trade
have probably increased nearly in an equal pro-
portion; and this circumstance, coupled with the
greater caution and frugality practiced during the
past year, and still continuing, will, it is believed,
tend to prevent any considerable augmentation
in the consumption or importation of foreign
articles.
The imports during the year ending September
30, 1831, are estimated in value at -,123,093,351;
being, compared with the preceding year, an
increase of $14,101,541. Those during the three
past years have, on an average, been about
-$111,038.142.
The exports during the same year are estimated
at §97,318,724; of which $74,444,429 were in
domestic, and $22,874,295 in foreign products-
being, compared with the preceding year, an in-
crease of 86,655,321; of whicii §3,802,399 were in
articles of domestic, and §2,852,922 in those of
foreign products. The average exports during the
last three years have been about £,91,719,690; of
which §69,407,976 are the average in articles of
domestic products, and $22,311,714 in those of
foreign.
It will thus be seen that the imports of the last
year varied in amount §12,055,209, from the aver-
; age of the three past years, and those paying
¡ duties are*believed to have varied much less. It
| is therefore, in connection with the reasons before
i named, considered safe to infer that the imports
I of the ensuing year may not differ materially from
, that average. Should they not so differ, tlie rev-
| enue from customs will'probably correspond in
! substance with that of the past year, except so
j far as it may be changed by the whole amount of
! all the importations when compared with the
' above average.
' Because the classes and value of articles paying
■ duty, for aught "which is known, will probably
| be similar, and the rate of duties on them will not,
! by existing laws, be essentially altered till th*e
I 31st of December, 1835.
j The revenue from the sale of public lands has
| been estimated at half a million more than the
[ amount it was estimated for the current year, and
! one million more than the amount for 1833.
: This estimate would have been made, still larger
| had not the sales'of the Chickasaw lands, which
I will probably exceed half a million of dollars,
been pledged by treaty to other purposes, and not
to the general revenue of the Government.
This large computation is founded on the facts
of the progressive increase for some time evinced;
the sum actually received during the past year;
the great, quantity of new and salable lands
coming into market; the enlarged demand for them
to satisfy the necessary wants of our growing
population, and of the emigrants from Europe,
and the high prices which their produce fortu-
nately obtains both at-home and abroad.
The revenue fr^m bank dividends has been es-
timated at somewhat less than heretofore, in con-
sequence of the sales of our bank stock under
the act of July 10, 1832, for the investment of the
accruing income of the Navy pension and hos-
pital funds—having already amounted to $656,600,
and on which the Treasury can now receive no
dividends applicable to general purposes. It
might perhaps be advisable to deduct a still
further sum to meet any contingency, like that
of the present year, in which the United States
Bank, without the consent of this Department,
or the sanction of Congiess, and without any
forewarning of its intention, seized on about
§170,041 of the estimated revenue from this source,
and had since withheld it from the public Treas-
ury.
Copies of the opinions of the Attorney Gen-
eral, and the whole correspondence on this sub-
ject between the Department and the bank, which
took place previous to the request for these
opinions, arc annexed, for the consideration and
action of Congress. It may be proper to add,
that within a few days past a new communication
in relation to this transaction has been received
from the bank, and when a reply is finished, both
will be submitted if desired.
No foundation appears to have existed in. law
or equity for the great claim of damages made by
the bank on account of the protest of what has
been called, in common parlance, the bill of ex-
change, drawn on the French Government by
this Department. It is believed that the lull,
when protested, ought, by our agents abroad,
had they acted with due regard towards their
principal, to have been taken up for the credit of
that principal, which was the United States, rather
than for the credit of the bank; or, at the furthest,
if similar and conflicting relations existed between
them and the bank, they should have pursued
the equitable course of taking it up for the credit
of both the United States and the bank, or the
more libera! one of giving the preference tothe
Government, which was the drawer;and m either
of these events, no room for difficulty, by this
extraordinary claim, would probably have been
left. But as these agents preferred a different
course, thereby justly impairing the further con-
fidence of the Government in their discretion, it
would seem that the bank in the next place,
having long been the general fiscal agent of the
Government, and the primary one in importance,
should have returned the bill, and made no charge
agamsl its principal, the United States, except
for the actual advances, and the actual costs and
expenses it had incurred in the transaction. The
actual advances, by the bank, when the bill was,
originally received, had only been a matter of
form, and were nothing.    The money, in fact,
never belonged   to  this   Department, except in
trust for the merchants, or their widows and or-
phans, who had suffered by French spoliations;
and a sum  exceeding the whole amount  of it
having been left in the bank and its branches,
and no part of the monoy having ever been brought
into the Treasury by warrant, it was immedi-
-ately, on notice of the protest, restored in form,
; and a willingness was expressed to make remu-
| ncration to the bank for all reasonable costs and
; expenses.   But the temptation of an opportunity
;j to  obtain more from its principal, by  a  novel
i| species of litigation,  through  a virtual judicial
¡I prosecution for damages, against the Government
jj of the Union, seems to have been too strong for
j I resistance; and the bank concluded to depart from
:, the above equitable rule, and by some technical
!i regulation of strict law  between individuals, to
attempt to procure alarge sum, as mere construct-
ive damages, and by the extraordinary mode of
seizing on the dividends which had been declared
by the bank itself to belong to the United States,
and of withholding them to abide the ordinary
contingencies of a lawsuit.
It seems to have preferred this unprecedented
course, rather than to pursue the usual  mode of
a petition addressed to the justice of Congress,
though Congress is well known to be the custom-
ary and only tribunal for adjusting controverted
claims against the Government, when no suit is
pending by the United States, and the only tribu-
nal which, tinder the Constitution, is empowered
to appropriate  money to discharge  any  claim
whatever     After applying to   this Department,
and being, so long as  a year  ago last June, in-
! formed of its inability to admit, or authority to
'■ discharge, the damages demanded, it is remark-
able, that the, bank should have continued to>pay
over the accruing dividends, and not till after the
j last session closed, and  when any deficiency in
! the current revenue could not he provided for,
; should, without any prior application to Con-
; gress, have resorted to this unusual proceeding,
and sought to have its claim against the United
States adjudicated by the Judiciary, when the
i United States are not amenable to any citizen or
| corporation, high or low, before  the Judiciary,
;' for the decision of any claim, unless they have,
of their own accord, been  pleased  to resort to
that tribunal by a previous action against a debtor;
and, in which event only, is a set-off, under cer-
tain limitations,authorized to bepleaded, as either
I equitable or legal.    But here  the United States
had instituted no such action against the bank,
and had no intention or foundation to institute
one; and yet the bank, not in  the case provided
I in the ehartcr where dividends might be withheld,
I but by an unfaithful act, as an agent, and as a
' public corporation, towards its principal and the
I community, proceeded to seize their dividends in
I a case entirely different and most questionable in
1 equity as well  as law, and icfused  to fulfill the
duty imposed  by its charter, and by civil and
' moral obligations, of paying overthose dividends
; promptly to  the Treasury.    In the adoption of
j this reprehensible course, an attempt is made to
¡| force the Government either to lose their divi-
'; (lends entirely, or to pay a controverted claim for
j! damages, which, so far as any of its Departments
¡' or officers have examined it, was found and pro-
:   nouueed  to   be groundless;  or consent to let the
'; United States be arraigned as a debtor, and corn-
il pelled to submit the claim to decision  before a
I i branch of their own Government, to which such
' claims are not ordinarily submitted, and to whose
.', decision it could not be'referred in this instance,
j but by a previous commission on the part of the
¡ bank of a deliberate violation of its obligations.
;| The further attempt appears to be made in this
¡! way: to take from Congress and the Executive
i! the constitutional power, on their high official
!• responsibilities and deep sense of duty, to make
'•' or withhold appropriations to discharge all con-
!' trnvertcd demands against the United States, and
¡j to enable the Judiciary, instead of them, indi-
| rcetlv and unconstitutionally, to make these ap-
II  propridtions in all cases of citizens or corpora
