&6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
and to adopt a course predicated upon our sup-
positions in this respect, when the final measure
contemplated here is to await the full develop-
ment of the intentions of France in the overt acts
of its representative body. For the present, the
usual course of delay, for the sake of deliberation,
should, he thought, be taken by our councils.
The subject should be submitted to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations. It was an able com-
mittee, and would, in this report, take a view of
the whale ground. The question was too solemn
to be sported with. He could not consent to vote
for the instructions proposed, and yet he disliked
to vote against the proposition of the worthy mem-
ber frpm Georgia, towards whom he entertained
the most kindly feelings. He had uttered the
most patriotic sentiments, and was actuated by
the most honorable motives. The gentleman had
thrown out a most excellent speech, which would
go to balance the effect of the President's message.
But the gentleman had not examined the subject
in extenso. He (Mr. J.) would therefore add his
appeal to that which had already been made by
the worthy member from Virginia, [Mr. Archer,]
that he would consent to withdraw his motion.
He had listened to the excellent speech of this
member with the greatest pleasure; and he always
did listen to him, whenever his multiplied occu-
pations would at all permit, with the greatest in-
terest and satisfaction. The gentleman could not
but be aware that the instructions, should they be
adopted, though they might bind the committee,
would not bind the House. He trusted they
would be withdrawn.
Mr. CLAYTON remarked, that the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Johnson] had flattered him
instead of reasoning with him. He would, there-
fore, withdraw his amendment.
The committee then rose, the Chairman re-
ported the resolutions to the House, and they
were then adopted.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 10, 1834.
The Hon. William C. Preston, of South
Carolina, appeared and took his seat.
REPORT FROM ENGINEER DEPARTMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
Siccompanied by a report from the engineer bu-
reau, relative to the progress of the work on the
Cumberland road.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. Tipton's resolution relative to the estab-
lishment of a port of entry at La Fayette, on the
Wabash river, was taken up; and, on his motion,
was laid on the table.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Southard,
for the appointment of the standing committees
on Wednesday, (this day,) was taken up for con-
sideration.
On his motion the resolution was amended,
so as to read " Thursday next, (to-morrow,) at
one o'clock;" and it was then adopted.
BANK OF THE UNITED STATES.
The following resolution submitted yesterday
by Mr. Benton was taken up for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to communicate to the Senate any
correspondence with the Bank of the United
States on the subject of the branch drafts, and
dividends withheld, not heretofore communicated.
Also, to inform the Senate whether the directors
on the part of the Government have been refused
access to the books and accounts of the institu-
tion.
Mr. TYLER presumed that no gentleman could
have any objection to the passage of the resolu-
tion—it was desirable that the information should
be obtained. But he felt that it was due to the
Committee on Finance to say that, if the honor-
able gentleman who offered the resolution had
waited a few days, the necessity of submittincit
would have been entirely obviated. The subject
of it had attracted the attention of the committee.
It was of considerable importance, and in a few
days a full report would be made on the subject by
;he committee.
Mr. BENTON observed that, under the cir-
cumstances, he had no objection that the resolu-
tion-lie on the table, and made a motion to that
effect; which prevailed.
PRIVATE  BILLS.
The bill for the relief of Theodore Brightwell,
deceased, was taken up, as in Committee of the
Whole; and,
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, was
laid on the table.
The bill for tlw relief of Colonel Gad Hum-
phreys was taken up as in Committee of the
Whole; and,
On motion of Mr. TIPTON, was laid on the
table
The bill to authorize an issue of scrip to offi-
cers and non-commissioned officers of the revo-
lutionary war was taken up as in Committee of
the Whole; and,
On motion of Mr. TYLER, was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The bill for the relief of Elijah Simmons was
taken up as in Committee of the Whole; and,
On motion of Mr. MOORE, it was also referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill authorizing an appropriation for pur-
chasing the right to use Boyd Reilly's patent ap-
paratus for applying the irrespirable and other
gases to the human body, to be used in the Army
and Navy, was taken up as in Committee of the
Whole; and,
On motion of Mr. NAUDAIN, it was referred
to a select committee of five.
On balloting for the committee, it appeared that
Messrs. Naudain, Robbins, Kent, Prentiss,
and Spuague, weie chosen.  
SCHOOL LANDS.
The bill authorizing a relinquishment of the
sixteenth sections, and the appropriation of other
lands in lieu thereof, for the use of schools, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole- and
On motion of Mr. MOORE, it was laid on the
table.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. WAGGAMAN gave notice that, on to-
morrow, he would ask leave to introduce a bill to
appropriate a sum of money to repair the United
States barracks at New Orleans.
Mr. TIPTON, on leave given, introduced a
billforthe relief of Hiram A. Hunter; which was
read the first time, and ordered to a second read-
ing-
Mr. BENTON gave notice that, on to-morrow,
he would ask leave to introduce a bill to grant a
quantity of land to the State of Missouri for ob-
jects of internal improvement.
Also, a bill to reduce and graduate the price of
the public lands of the United States.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the select committee
appointed on the subject, reported a bill to make
compensation for spoliations upon American com-
merce prior to 1800.
Mr. W. also gave notice that, on Wednesday
next, he would call up the bill for consideration.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, on leave given, intro-
duced a bill to amend the act organizing the United
States courts for the State of Alabama; which
was lead the first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
EXECUTIVE  SESSION.
• On motion of Mr. KING, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business.
When the doors were opened, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 10, 1834.
Petitions and memorials were presented by—
Mr. HUBBARD, of New Hampshire-
Messrs.   BRIGGS,   PHILLIPS,   OSGOOD
Q^H^' a^ REÍÍD> of Massachusetts;      '
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island;
[Mr. Pearce, of Rhode Island, presented the
petition of John N. Reynolds, lately returned
from a voyage of exploration in the Pacific ocean,
and on the northwest coast, praying that an ex-
pedition may be fitted out to survey the islands
and reefs in that ocean, and on that coast. The
petition .was recommended by both branches of
the Legislature of Rhode Island; and Mr. P.
stated that the Legislatures of several other
States would join in the prayer of the memorial,
as would the merchants and chambers of com-
merce in the principal cities of the Union. To
show the importance of the object in view, Mr.
P. stated that there were now engaged in the
whale fishery 132,000 tons of shipping; that there
were employed 10,000 seamen, and that the busi-
ness direct and indirect employed 170,000 tons of
shipping, and more than 12,000 seamen; that
more than one tenth part of our whole navigation
was engaged in it, and the capital invested was
$12,000,000. He further stated that the annual
loss of property, upon the islands and reefs not
laid down upon any chart, was fully equal to the
expense of the expedition and survey requested.]
Messrs. WHITE, CAMBRELENG, and
CLARK, of New York;
Messrs. CHAMBERS,BANKS, WAGENER,
HARPER, and MILLER, of Pennsylvania;
[Mr. Miller presented the petition of Captain
John Smith, of the borough of Carlisle, Penn-
sylvania, praying .that his name be entered on the
roll of the Pennsylvania line of the army of the
Revolution as a first lieutenant, and that he may
be entitled to the benefit of the several acts of
Congress made for the benefit of the surviving
officers of the army of the Revolution, according
to the said rank.]
Mr. HEATH, of Maryland;
Messrs. CHINN, BOULDIN, ROBERTSON,
LOYALL, CLAIBORNE, and FULTON, of
Virginia;
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina;
Messrs. CLOWNEY and PINCKNEY, of
South Carolina;
Messrs. POPE, CHILTON, and LETCHER,
of Kentucky;
[Mr. Pope presented the petition of numerous
inhabitants of Louisville, Kentucky, praying for
the establishment of a district court at that place;
which was referred to the Judiciary Commit-
tee.]                                                          '
Mr. BLAIR, of Tennessee-,
Mr. CRANE, of Ohio;
Messrs. THOMAS and GARLAND, of Louis-
iana ;
Messrs. LANE, EWING, and KINNARD,
of Indiana;
[Mr. Kinnard presented the petitions and
claims of Andrew Hoover and Scioto Evans, for
certain horses lost while in the military service
of the United States during the late war with the
Indians on the frontiers of Illinois and Michigan
Territory; which were referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. K. also presented the petition and claim
of the heirs of Humphrey Barret, praying com-
pensation for property pressed into the military
service of the United States during the war of the
Revolution; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr.-JL.ANE presented the petition of Richard
Oliver, of Dearborn county, Indiana, praying to
be .placed on the pension roll.]
Mr. LYON, of Michigan;
Which petitions and memorials were referred
to the appropriate committees.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr.. CLAY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, submitted the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the bill to reduce and graduate
the price of the public lands, No. 92, reported at
the late session, be made the special order of the
day for the 1st Monday in January next.
Resolved, That the bill to reduce and graduate
the pnce of the public lands, reported at the late
session, No. 92, and the repurt, No. 87, accom-
panying the same, be printed for the use of the
House.
And, on motion of Mr. CLAYTON, five
thousand extra copies of said report were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. EWING suggested, that there was an
amendment to the bill in relation to the public
lands, and he desired that it should also be com-
mitted with the original bill.
Mr.  CLAY had no objection.    The amend-
