1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'ft
For the Committee on Agriculture, Messrs.
Kent, Robinson, Mourns, and Swift, were
elected.
Forthe Committee on Military Affairs, Messrs.
Tipton, Clayton, King of Alabama, and Pres-
ton, were elected.
For the Committee on the Militia, Messrs.
Hendricks, Waggaman, McKean, and Swift,
were elected.
For the Committee on Naval Affairs, Messrs.
Bibb, Robeins, Tallmadge, and Black, were
elected.
For the ComTnittcc on Private Land Claims,
Messrs. Naudain, Kane, Pouter, anclSiiEPLEY,
were elected.
For the Committee on Indian Affairs, Messrs.
Frelingiiuysen, Tipton, Swift, and Smith,
'were elected.
For the Committee on Claims, Messrs. Nau-
dain, Brown, Tipton, and Shepley, were
elected.
For the Committee on the Judiciary, Messrs.
Leigh, Preston, Smith, and Bell, were elected.
For the Committee on Roads ayd Canal,Messrs.
Kent, Robbins, Robinson, and McKean*, were
elected.
For the Committee on Pensions, Messrs. Tall-
madge, McKean, Prentiss, and Preston, were
elected.
For the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, Messrs. Kent, Bibb,Tomlinson, and South-
ard, were elected.
For the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
Messrs. Smith, White, Leigh, and Freling-
huysen, were elected.
For the Committee on the-Contingent Expenses
of the Senate, Messrs. Tomlinson and Morris
were elected.
For the Committee on Engrossed Bills, Messrs.
Robinson and AIorris were elected.
NOTICES  OF  BILLS.
Mr. CLAY gave notice that on Monday next
he would ask leave to introduce a bill to provide
for the distribution of the sales of the public lands
for a limited time among the several States.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that on Monday
next he would introduce a proposition to alter
the Constitution of the United States, as relates
to the election of the President and Vice President
of the United States.
Mr. B. also gave notice that on Monday next
he would ask leave to introduce a bill to grant a
township of land to a university in Missouri.
Mr. EVVING gave notice that on Monday
next he would ask leave to introduce a bill to un-
piove the harbor at the mouth of the river Raism.
REFERENCE OFTHE PRESID ENT' S MESS AGE.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, so much of the Pres-
ident's message as relates to foreign affairs was
rei\ rred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, so much of the
message as relates to the revenue was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. SOUTHAFvD, so much of
the message as relates to naval affairs was referred
to the. committee on that subject.
On motion of Mr. SILSBEE, so much of the
message as relates to commerce was referred to
the committee on that subject.
On motion of Mr. TOMLINSON, so much of
the message as relates to pensions was referred
to the committee on that subject.
On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, so much of
the message as relates to internal improvements
was referred to the Committee on Roads and Ca-
"On motion of Mr. WHITE, s* much of the
message as relates to Indian affairs was referred
to the'eommittee on that subject.
Mr. POINDEXTER said he would move that
so much of ihe message as relates to the public
lands be referred to ihe Committee on Public
Lands, but there was nothing in the. message on
that subject.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BENTON, on leave given, introduced a
bill to grant a quantity of land to the State of
Missouri for objects of internal improvement.
Also, a bill to reduce and graduate the price of
the public lands of the United States; which were
severally read the first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
BILLS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. EWING, the bill to settle
and establish the northern boundary line of the
State of Ohio w^s taken up, and referred to the
Judiciary Committee.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, the bill
to reorganize the United States courts for the
State of Alabama was taken up, and referred to
the same committee.
The Senate then adjourned to Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 11, 1834.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. BATESand REED,of Massachusetts.
Mr. BURGES, of Rhode island.
Mr. ALLEN, of Vermont.
Messrs. WHITE, CAMBRELENG, and
DICKSON, of New York.
Messrs. WATMOUGH and McKENNAN,
of Pennsylvania.
Messrs. JOHNSON and McKIM, of Mary-
land.
Mr. SPEIGHT, of North Cu-olina.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky.
Messrs. POLK, DICKINSON, and JOHN-
SON, of Tennessee.
Messrs. MITCHELL and McLENE, of Ohio.
Mr. THOMAS, of Louisiana.
Mr. CAGE, of Mississippi.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois.
Messrs. LEWIS and MURPHY, of Alabama.
Which memorials and petitions were appro-
priately referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WATMOUGH, from the Committee on
Naval Affaiis, reported a bill for the relief of
Elizabeth May; which was read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. WHITE, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill amend-
atory of the act in addition to the several acts for
the orgaization of the Treasury, War, and Navy
Departments; which was read twice, and com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. WARDWELL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of Daniel Cage; which was read twice, and
committed.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolutions, submitted yester-
day, were considered, and agreed to:
By Mr. Hubbard:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to communicate to the House of Rcp-
sentatives, as soon as practicable, copies of the
correspondence, not heretofore communicated,
which' has taken place between him and the
president of the Bank of the United States, on
the subject of the branch drafts, and in relation
to the claim made by the bank for damages, and
the course pursued by that institution on account
of the protest of the bill drawn on the French
Government by the Treasury Department.
By Mr. White, of Florida:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to report to this House what progress has been
made in the repairs of the fort, and the construc-
tion of the sea-wall, at St Augustine, Florida;
and what further sum will be required to com-
plete the same; with the report and estimate of
the engineer charged with that work.
By Mr. Johnson, of Louisiana:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to report to this House the causes
which have retarded the issuing patents in favor
of claimants to lands in the State of Louisiana,
which have been confirmed by virtue of the dif-
ferent acts of Congress which have been passed
for the adjustment of land claims within the said
State.
By Mr. Ewing:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to transmit, or cause to be transmitted,
to this Bouse, a list of all such land claims here-
tofore noted by, or presented to, the commission-
ers authorized to receive and adjust the same, as
may have been decided unfavorably, and not yet
satisfied,  in  the Vmconnes land  district, with
the foundation of the claims and the decisions in
brief, and such documents in relation to the sub-
ject-matter, as he may control and deem proper.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Foster, was taken up:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States be requested to communicate to this House
(if not, in his opinion, incompatible with the pub-
lic interest,) any communication or correspond-
ence which may have taken place between our
Minister at Paris and the French Government,
or between the Minister from France to this Gov-
ernment and the Secretary of State, on the sub-
ject of the refusal of the French Government to
make provision for the execution of the treaty
concluded between the United States and Prance
on the 4th of July ,-1831.
Mr. FOSTER said that he understood the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs had recently received
a communication from the Secretary of State on
the subject embraced in the resolution, and that
additional information was expected by that com-
mittee. He would, therefore, move to lay the
resolution on the table for the present; which was
agreed to.
On motion of Mr. JARVIS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of oro-
viding by law that in the survey of the coast of
the United States, now in progress, the latifudes
and longitudes of every light-house be carefully
ascertained and published, and that no new light-
house sriall hereafter be erected, till a report is
made in respect to its public benefit by the two
collectors and the commander of the navy-yard
nearest the proposed site, in conformity with the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Treasury
in his annual report on the state of the finances.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation fora light-house on Paw-
poose Squaw Point, a place near to, but below,
the port of Bristol, in the State of Rhode Island;
and that the petition and papers relative to the
same, presented at the last session, be again re-
ferred to said committee.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, it was
Resolved, That the report from the Secretary
of the Treasury, in relation to the bridge across!
the Potomac, be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. BURGES offered the following resolution;
which, under the rule, lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
Department be directed to send to this House, in
afabular form, the amount of money paid into
the marine hospital fund by all seamen in the
mercantile'service in the district of Providence,
in the district of Newport, and in the district of
Bristol, respectively, in the Rhode Island district,
from the. commencement of the.present Govern-
ment of the United States, up to the time when
that fund was by law placed at the disposal of the
President. Also, the like amount, in like form,
paid by said seamen after that time and before
the commencement of the year 1828; and, also,
the like amount, in like form, paid since that
time; together with the several sums expended
in each of said districts, respectively, for the re-
lief of sick and disabled seamen; showing the
balance due to or from said fund in each of said
districts, respectively, at the several times afore-
said, if any, and how the same may have been
disposed of.                        '
On motion of Mr. HARD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of making an appropriation to construct a
pier in the Niagara river, near Young's Town,
in the State of New Yoik.
On motion of Mr. BINNEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law lor designating jurors to serve m
the courts of the United States, in each State,
according to the mode now practiced in the high-
est courts of law in the respective States.
On motion of Mr. BURD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of increasing  the pension  of William  Kelhr,
