32                                        THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                      December 12.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 12, 1834.
  Petitions and memorials were presented by-
Mr. HALL, of Mame;
Messrs. GORHAM and PHILLIPS, of Mas-
sachusetts;
Mr. ALLEN, of Vermont;
Messrs. WHITE, WARD, ADÁMS, TUR-
*R1LL, and WARDWELL, of New York;
Mr. HEATH, of Maryland;
Messrs. PATTON, CH1NN, TAYLOR,
LOYALL, WILSON, MASON, and GORDON,
of Virginia:
Mr. GAMBLE, of Georgia;  '
Messrs. JOHNSON and CHILTON, of Ken-
tucky;
Mr. LEA, of Tennessee;
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana;
Mr. LYON, of Michigan;
Mr. WHITE, of Florida;
Mr. LANE, of Indiana;
Which memorials and petitions were appro-
priately referred
REPORTS  FROM  COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military AlFairs, icported a bill allow-
ing further time for issuing and locating certain
military land warrants; which was read twice,
and ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a joint resolution in relation
to ihe location of the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road, in the ucimty of Harper's Ferry; which
was read twice, and, after some explanations by
Messrs. THOMSON, MERCER, and McKIM,
postponed to Monday.
Mr. HUNCH, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas
Uuford; which was read twice and committed.
RESOLUTIONS.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Bt!itoi:s was taken up, and its further considera-
tion postponed till Monday next.
The following resolution,'submitted yesterday
by Mr. McKennan, was taken up:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to transmit to this House any communication he
may have received from the commissioners ap-
pointed by the States of Mary land,Pennsylvania,
and Virginia, to receive portions of the Cumber-
laud road within the limits of those States respect-
ively, and to erect toll-gates thereon, and to
furnish an estimate of tile amount of money which
may lie necessary to complete the repairs of the
said road, agreeably to the requisition of the laws
of said States, which have rec.eiv.ed the assent of
Congress. Also, that he inform the House what
is the condition of the masonry on the road, how
many inches of metal have been put on that part
of it which has been located anew, under the act
of Congress, and upon that part of it which lies
between the Monongshela and Ohio rivers. And
also what depth of metal is, in his opinion, neces-
sary to make a permanent and substantial road
upon the plan which has been adopted m ltff repair
by the Department.
Mr. McK. submitted the following as a modi-
fication of his u'solution; which was agreed to; ¡
and thus modified, the resolution was adopted:     i
" And also, that ho furnish this House with a i
copy of the instructions which were given by the ¡
Department to the Superintendent, as the manner
in which the repairs upon that road should be
made."
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Williams, was taken up:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury I
be directed to communicate to this House the i
number of land offices and land districts in the |
United States; the time when they were estab- ¡
lished respectively; the quantity of land sold, or ',
remaining unsold; and the amount of money!
received in each district; and the expense of keep- !
ing up the land system in each State where it !
exists.                                                                          |
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, moved to!
amend the proposition by adding the words," and '
Territories," after the word " State;" which was !
agreed to; when the resolution was adopted.       I
On motion of Mr. VINTON, it was ordered,
that when the House adjourns it will adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
Mr PEARCE, of Rhode Island, offered the
following resolution; which, under the rule of the
House, lies one day on the table:
Resolved, Thatthe Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House the report of Cal-
ender Irvine, commissary general of purchases,
made in October or November, 1820, upon the
claim of David Cooke, of Philadelphia, for money
furnished by said Cooke for powder furnished by
the authority of the United States.
On motion of Mr. WARDWELL, it was
Resolved, That the Committee ru Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing bylaw for iheerection>of a light-house
at Big Sandy creek, in Lake Ontario, county of
Jefferson, and State of New York.
On motion of Mr. HAZELTINE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing an appropriation for a beacon light at Silver
Creek harbor, on Lake Erie, in tho State of New
York, and that the petition and papers relative to
the same, presented at the last session of the last
Congress, be again referred to said committee.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, of New York, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
extending in all cases, to parties in suits, com-
menced in the circuit courts of the United States,
or m any district court having jurisdiction of a
circuit court, where rights claimed under patents
issued under law of the United States shall come
in question, the right to a writ of error or appeal.
On motion of Mr. GALBRAVTH, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a port of entry at  Olean Point, on the
Alleghany liver, in the State of New York.
On motion of Mr. MERCER, it was
Resolved, That   so much   of tho   President's
message at the opening of tho present session of
Congress as relates to the subject of internal im-
provements, be referred  to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
malting an appropriation for the erection of a
custom-house in the town of Newborn, North
Carolina.
On motion of Mr. PINCKNEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
purchasing the building in the city of Charleston,
recently occupied as a banking-house by the
Bank of South Carolina, to be used as a Federal
court-house; and that they also inquire into the
expediency of increasing the compensation of the
United States Attorney for the district of South
Carolina.
On motion of Mr. BEATY, it was
Resolved,   That  the   Committee   on   the   Post
Office and Post Roads  be instructed  to inquire
into the expediency of changing the present mail
route, leading from Williamsburg, Whitley coun-
ty, to London, Laurel comity, Kentucky, so as
to pass  through Portageville, at the mouth of
Laurel, in the said county of Whitley.
On motion of Mr. HAWES, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing Morgantown, on Green river, in the county
of Butler, and State of Kentucky, a port of en-
try.
On motion of Mr LYON, of Kentucky, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instiucted to inquire into the expe-
diency of establishing an agency for payiii" pen-
sions, south of Green river, in the State of°Ken-
tueky.                '
On motion of Mr. PEYTON, it was
Resolved,  That the  Committee  on  the  Post
Office and Post Roads be instructed  to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a post route
i from the town of Monroe, via Locust Shade, in
I Overton county, Tennessee, Colma, in Jackson
| county, Tennessee,and by Garret Moore's,Ten-
I nessee, to Tompkmsville, Kentucky.
!     On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, it was
|     Resolved, That tho petitions referred at the last
! session of Congress to the Committee on Roads
and Canals, praying for the construction of a
road from Lower Sandusky to the bound 7yVine
established at the treaty of Gvsenville, be a<?ain
referred to the said co/nmittee, and that they be
instructed tc inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing the same.
On motion of Mr. MURPHY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire what further ap-
propriation may be necessary to complete the
improvement of the Choctaw Pass, in the harbor
of Mobile.
I     Mr. LEWIS submitted the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authorizing any settler on lands reserved by the
Government in obedience to Indian treaties, or
otherwise, who settled such lands before such re-
servation was selected, and who, by reason of
such reservation, was deprived of the benefits of
the preemption law of 1834, to enter, with the
proper officer in said land district, two quarter
sections of any public lands in such district, at
the price of twenty-five cents per acre.
Resolved, That said committee further inquire
into the expediency of authorizing any person
who has cultivated or improved public lands, in
the year 1834, to enter not exceeding tapo quar-
ter sections of any public lands in his respective
land district, bv paying to the proper officer fifty
cents per acre for such land, within twelve months
from the 4th of March next: Provided, Such in-
dividual shall designate said lands before the re-
gister of tho proper land office by the 1st day of
June next.
Resolved, That said committee further inquire
into the expediency of authorizing any citizen of
the United States,-making oath that it is his in-
tention to settle any portion of the public lands,
and who shall actually settle and improve the
same for one year, at the end of such period to
enter not exceeding two quarter sections, by pay-
ing into the land office fifty cents per acre, if such
public lands have been offered for public sale
within five years, and still remain unsold, and
twenty-five cents per acre, in case said lands have
been offered for public sale, and have remainedun-
sold for a longer period than five years.
Mr. WILLIAMS said, that the whole subject
embraced in the resolutions was already referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and made the special order for the first of
January. He hoped, therefore, that the mover
would consent to have his resolutions similarly
committed.
, Mr. LEWIS said, he had presented a mere
matter of inquiry, which he hoped would be per-
mitted to take the usual course. He preferred
that the subject should go to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. MERCER called for a division of the ques-
tion upon the adoption of the resolutions.
[   _ Mr. CLAY could see no objection to theadop-
| tion of the resolutions. Anoivpractice.itseemed,
■ was attempted, by referring evei y thing regarding
tile public lands broadly to the Committee of the
Whole. He objected to such a course, unless the
House should first abolish the Committee   on
Public Lands.    He did not understand the motive
j which seemed to govern gentlemen in  this par-
' ticular.   This was certainly not the place for this
i subject to be first examined  and discussed.    It
j was unusual, and ho hoped that the resolutions of
j his colleague would be adopted.
i     Mr. CHILTON viewed the subject as one of
| great importance.    lie was opposed to the adop-
I tion of the resolutions.    If gentlemen were pre-
pared to surrender the public domain, the propo-
sition  of the   gentleman   from  Alabama   [Mr.
Lewis] would be found a very convenient step-
ping-stone.    He owed it to his constituents and
| his country-to oppose with might and main every
| measure of the kind.    He was not opposed to the
I honest occupant, but he objected to the practice
