36                                        THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                       December 15,
by yourself in behalf of the bank, that, " having
done its duty, it is content."
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully,
yours,                       LEVI WOODBURY,
Secretary of the Treasury.
N. Biddle, Esq., President of the Bank of the United
States, Philadelphia.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the communi-
cation was ordered to be printed.
ORDERS'OF THE DAY.
On motion of Mr. PATTON, the bill for the
relief of Mrs. Susan Decatur was postponed to
Friday next.                    '
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, the bill for the
relief of D. Kilgore was postponed to Friday
next.
The. House then went into the Committee of
the "Whole (Mr. Ward in the chair) upon the
following bills: .
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of-Richard W. Meade;
' For the relief of Samuel Bragdon, David Chase,
and others;
For the relief of Charles Gordon and others;
For the relief of William McLain and others;
For the relief of William P. Zantzinger;
For the relief of Silas D. Fisher;
For the relief of the representatives of Colonel
George Gibson, deceased;
For the relief of Lieutenant Mervin P. Mix;
For the relief of Tufts and Clarke;
For the relief of Commodore Isaac Hull;
For the relief of Humphrey B. Gwathmcy;
To amend an act for the relief of Robert C.
Jennings, and of the executors of James Roddy,
deceased;
For the relief of Robert Hailc;
For the relief of the heirs of Evan Edwards;
For the relief of the heirs and representatives
of William Graham;
For the relief of Samuel S. Lord;
For the relief of Samuel Huntt;
F/or the relief of Marcus duiiicy and William
Gorham, of Portland; and
• A bill for the relief of Francis Lasselle and
others, Michigan volunteers.
Upon the bill for the relief of Commodore Isaac
Hull a lengthened discussion ensued, in which
Messrs. PARKER, REED,PEARCE of Rhode
Inland, MANN of New York, HARDIN,
WHITTLESEY of Ohio, and GARLAND,
participated.
The committee then rose and reported the bills
to the House, with the exception of those for the
relief of the legal representatives of Richard W.
Meade, for the relief of the representatives oí
Colonel George Gibson, and for the relief of
Lieutenant Mervin P. Mix.
The House then adjourned to Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December ]5, 1834.
Hon.  James  Buchanan,  Senator elect from
Pennsylvania, appeared, was qualified, and took
his «eat.
Messrs. CAi.nouN,of South Carolina,Black, of
Mississippi, Porter, of Louisiana, and Bibb, of
Kentucky, also appeared and took their seats.
Hon. Lewis F. Linn, of Missouri, also ap-
Íjeared, and after the reading of the certificate  of
lis reelection, was qualified, and took his seat.
PETITIONS,  MEMORIALS,  ETC.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. WEBSTER, McKEAN, SHEPLEY,
SOUTHARD, BENTON, TYLf.R, WAGGA-
MAN, KENT, S1LSBEE, HENDRICKS, and
WRIGHT.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented a memorial from
the corporation of Washington, praying forrelief;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
ELECTION  OP CHAPLAIN.
On motion of Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, the
Senate agreed to proceed to the election of a Chap-
lain, on their part, to-morrow at one o'clock.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SILSBEE, on leave given, introduced a
bill to exempt merehandise, imported undo- cer-
tian circumstances, from the operation of the
tariff of 1828; which was read the first time, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SOUTHARD, on leave given, introduced
the following bills:
A bill to provide for the enlistment of boys in
the naval service of the United States;
A bill to establish and regulate Navy rations;
A bill to change the titles of certain officers in
the Navy,
A bill to provide for the regulation of vessels
propelled in whole, or in part, by steam;
A resolution to provide for the settlement of
the claim of John S. Stiles;
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Isaac Garrison, deceased;
A bill for the relief of George Budd, master
commandant in the United States Navy;
A bill for the relief of the commanding oificers
of the Navy of the United States;
A bill for the relief of Henry B. Tyler, executor
of Colonel Richard Smith, deceased;
A bill for the relief of McKean Buchanan;
A bill for the relief of William Hogan, admin-
istrator of Michael Hogan, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Lieutenant Archibald S.
Campbell;
A bill for the relief of Loami Baldwin:
A bill for the relief of the officers and crew of
the private armed vessel Neptune;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and representa-
tives of Henry Eckford, deceased; and
A resolution directing the adjustment of the
claims of the heirs of the late Robert Fulton, de-
ceased.
All- those bills were referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PORTER gave notice.that on to-morrow
he would ask leave to introduce a bill to provide
for the legal adjudication of claims to certain lands
therein mentioned.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported the following bills:
A bill for the relief of Susan Marlow;
A bill for the relief of Elijah Simmons;
A bill authorizing the relinquishment of the
sixteenth sections, and granting other lands in lieu
thereof, for the use of schools, &c;
A bill for the relief of Samuel Smith, Lynn Ma-
geo, and Somoise, Creek Indians.
On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, the depo-
sitions lately taken before the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands were ordered to be printed.
Mr. KANE introduced a bill, on leave given, to
provide for organizing the territorial government
of Wisconsin; which was read the first time, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. EWING, on leave given, introduced a bill
making appropriation to improve the harbor at
the mouth of the river Raisin.
Mr. BENTON, on leave given, introduced a
joint resolution for an amendment of the Consti-
tution relative to the election of President and
Vice President of the United States.
Mr. B. also introduced a bill granting a town-
ship of land for the endowment of the French
University in St. Louis; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. TYLER, on leave given, introduced a bill
to remit the duties on locomotive steam engines;
which was read the first time, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. KING, on leave given, introduced a bill
for the relief of Duncan L. Finch.
Mr. MOORE, on leave given, introduced a bill
granting two per cent, of the net proceeds of the
sales of certain public lands forpurposes of educa-
tion in Alabama.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. MOORE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and adopted:   *
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
Department be directed to communicate to the
Senate the amount of the two per cent, of the
proceeds of sales of public lands lying within the
State of Alabama, reserved to be applied to the
makingof aroad or roads leading to the said State,
under the direction of Congress; and also, if any,
what amount of the three per cent, of the said
proceeds of sales of public lands, reserved to be
applied to internal improvements within theState,
■ be now due to the State.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing the following post
roads in the State of Indiana, viz:
From Bedford, in Lawrence county, via Bloom-
field, to Bowling Green, in Clay county.
From Connersville, in Fayette county, to Lew-
isville, in Henry county.
From Winchester, in Randolph county, via
Mississinewa, to Fort Wayne, in Allen county.
From Greensbury, in Decatur county, via Ed-
mon's Mill, Huntsville, Goshen, and Newburn,
to Columbus,"in Bartholomew county.
From South Bend, by Edwardsburg,- Whit-
manville, Violinia, Schoolcraft,Bronson,and Gun
river plain, to the rapids of Grand river, in Mich-
igan Territory.
"From Lawrenceburg, in Dearborn county, to
Versailles and Napoleon, in Ripley county, by
way of Aurora, Wilmington, and Moor's Hill.
From Newcastle, in Henry county, to Mun-
ceytown, in Delaware county.
From Strawstown, in Hamilton county, to
Kirk's Cross Roads, in Clinton county, thence
by Frankfort and Dayton to Lafayette.
From Brownstown, in Jackson county, by way
of Sage's Ferry, on the Mushatatalk, and York,
on the State road, to Charleston, in Clark county.
From Shelbyville, in Shelby county, by way
of Manwaring's, on Sugar creek, Greenwood
Post Office, Port Royal, and Mooresville, to Da-
vid Lindley's, in Monroe township, in Morgan
county.
From Rising Sun, in Dearborn county, via
James's Mills, Dellsborough, and Watt's Mills,
to Cross Plains, in Ripley county.
From Charlestown, in Clarke county, to New
Providence, in the same county.
From Martinsville, in Morgan county, by way
of Lyon's Mills, Mooresville, Danville, and Leb-
anon, to Frankfort, in Clinton county.
From Putnamsville, in Putnam county, via
Dixon's Mills, Rockville, Montezuma, in Park
county, and Hill's Green, in Vermilion county,
to Bloomfield, in Edgar county, in theState of
Illinois.
From Bowling Green, in Clay county, via
New Brunswick and Caledonia, to Carlisle, in
Sullivan county.
From Charlestown, in Clarke county, by way
of Vienna, in Scott county, and Slate Ford, on
the Wiscatictue, to Rockford, m Jackson county.
From Napoleon, in the county of Ripley, Indi-
ana, through Versailles, Cross Plains, Mount
Sterling, Vevay, Ghent, and Owington, to George-
town, in Scott county, in Kentucky.
HISTORY OF CONÜRESS.
Mr. ROBBINS introduced a joint resolution
authorizing the purchase of five hundred copies
of the History of Congress, published by Carey
& Lea; which was referred to the Library Com-
mittee.
BOYD REILLY'S PATENT.
Mr. NAUDAIN, from the select committee
appointed on the subject, reported a bill authoriz-
ing the purchase of Boyd Reilly's patent apparatus
for applying the irrespirable gases to the surface
of the human body, for the use of the Army and
Navy.
BILLS INTRODUCED AND REFERRED.
Mr. CLAY, on leave given, introduced a bill
to provide for the distribution,for a limited time,
of the sales of the public lands among the several
States, &e.; which was read the first time.
Mr. TIPTON, on leave given, introduced a bill
i to provide compensation for  the Governor and
¡ judges of Michigan Territory; which was refer-
| red to the Committee on Claims.
i     The bill for the relief of Hiram A. Hunterwas
I also, on his motion, referred to the Committee on
j Claims.
I     The bill for the relief of Colonel Gad Humph-
¡ reys was referred to the Committee  on  Indian
Affairs.
Mr. TIPTON submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
an appropriation for the construction of a harbor
at Trail creek, Lake Michigan.
