38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
of placing Richard Harden, a 3oldier of the late
wai, on the pension i oil.                                       |l
Mi. McKIM submitted the following, which
lies on the table one day:
Resohed, Thit the Secietaiy of the Treasury
1« duccttd to hive assayed at the Mmt of the
United States  all foieign gold and silver coins j
now in cnculation thtoughout the United States,
and to furnish this House with a statement of
the quantity of fine gold and silver contained in I
each of said coins, and then cuuent value at the |
Mint, agieeably to tin law passed at the lastses-
sionof Congi ess, íegulating the value of gold and
silv#i coins.
Mi. THOMAS, of Maiyland, submitted the I
following; which las on the table one day
Resolved, That the Stcitta.y of the Tuasuiy
be, and ho 1  lequested to commumcate to this
House any information he has receivid,oi can
obtain, concerning the official pioceedings of the
Government dnectois in the Bank of the United
States
On motion of Mi MERCER, it was
Resolved, That the Secietaiy of the Ticamiy
be directed to lav befoie this House a copy of
any contract which may have been made since
the last session of Congress foi the eonstiuction
of a budge acioss the Potomac, within the Dis-
tiict of Columbia, and an estimate of the pioba-
ble cost of the same, accoiding to the tenns of
such eontiact.
On motion of Mi. ALLEN, of Vnginia, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judicial y
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
allowing Benjamin Recdtr, late maishxl of the
western distnet of Virginia, to tianslei to his
successoi in office a wan ant fiom the Tirasury,
placed m his name as m Maich, 1822, against
Salatheal Cuitis, collector of the fifth district of
Virginia, and his secmities, which was levied,
but a sale enjoined, and that said committee also
inqune into the expediency of allowing said
Recder his fees for levying, advei Using, and at-
tending to sell the propeity of the defendants,and
that they have leave to lepoit by bill 01 otheiwisc
Mr. FULTON offered the following lesolution,
which, under the lulc of the House, lies one day
on the table
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the
Proceedings and Discussions of the French
Chamber of Deputies, on the subject of the ti (aty
between France and the United States, bopnnti d
for life useof the membeis of this House
On motion of Mi GRAHAM, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be mstiucted to inqune into the expedi-
ency of establishing a bianch of the Mint in the
gold region of Noith Caiolina.
On motion of Mi. MASON,of Vnginm.it was
Resolved, Thatthi Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from
Hicksford, in Gieenville county, Jerusaltm, to
Murfee's Warehouse, on the Poitsmouth and
Roanoke railroad, in Southampton county, Vn-
ginia, and of discontinuing the route from Cross
Keys to Williams's store, m Southampton county,
and of extending the route fiom Cioss Keys to
Patteison's, in North Caiolma.   ,
On motion of Mr. A. H SHEPPERD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads mqune into the expediency of
establishing a post loute from Gieensboiough,
North Carolina, by Thompson's stoic, to Rox-
boiough, in Peaison county.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Mihtaiy Af-
fairs be instructed to mqune into the expediency
of extending the time of issuing military land
warrants to the officeis and soldieis of the revo-
lutionaiy army
On motion of Mr. MARSHALL, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims be mstiucted to mqune into the expe-
diency ofgiantmg to Mrs Mai y Graham, widow
of Reginald Graham, deceased, compensation for
the services and advances of her deceased hus-
band during the revolutionary war.
On motion of Mr. HA WES, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expedí
eney of making an appropriation foi the removal
of obstructions to the navigation of Green and
Big Banen riveis, in the State of Kentucky.
Mi HA WES submitted the following, which
lies on the table one day
Raohed, That the Secietaiy of War be ln-
stiucterl to furnish this House with a copy of the
survey of the Falls of the mer Ohio, also, the
estimate made by Captain HcmyShiievc of the
piobable cost of impio\ing the navigation
thiough the Falls, as also his plan for doing the
same.
On motion of Mi JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Mums be mstiucted to inqune into the expedi-
ency of piovidingby law foi the establishment of
a bianch mint of the United States at the city of
New Oihans*
!     On motion of Mi  HANNEGAN, it was
Resohed, That the Committi e on Commerce
be lnstiucted to inquuc into the piopiicty of
making an appiopnation foi the construction of
a harboi at the mou'h of Tiail creek, on Lake
Michigan, in the State of Indiana
j     Mi. LANE  offcied the following lesolution,
which wis lticctcd
Resohed, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be mstiucted to mqune into the expedi-
ency of appiopiiatmg the lefuse lands belonging
to the United Statt s whn h shall have be en oífcrt d
at public sale and been subject to enti y foi twenty
years and upwaids, and shall rcmam unsold on
the 1st day of June next, situated in the eountn s
of Fianklin, Dearboin, Ripley, &witzeiland,and
so muth of Decatur as is attached to the Jeffer-
sonville district, in the State of indiana, foi the
pin pose of constiucting and impioving a load
fiom the town of Fairfitld, in the said county of
Fianklm, by the way of B'ookvillc, to Lau-
rencebuigjOn the Ohiuiivci, in Dearboin county,
and a load fromRushville, in the county of Rush,
by the way of Simmons, to the same point upon
the Ohio nvei, and a road fiom Napoleon, in
the county of Ripley, to Auioia, on the Ohio
nvei, in the county of Dcaiboin' and fiom Na-
poleon to «Rising Sun, upon the Ohio nvei, and
fiom Napoleon to Vt vay, by the way of Ver-
sailles, in Switzerland county, on the Ohionvei,
and a load fiom Napoleon, aforesaid, to Lau-
lencebtng, afoicsaid—to be sold m such manner,
and by such poisons, and at such times, and the
money expi nded in such mannei,as thePiesi-
dentof tin United States shall be pleased tooulei
and dueet.
On motion of Mi   McCARTY, it was
Resohed,   That the Committee on  the Post
Offuc and Post Rouls be mstiucted to mqune
into the cxpcdnncy of establishing the following
j post-ioutts, to wit    Fiom Oxford, in Ohio, by
I Fanficld, Wist Union, Columbia, and Danville,
to Rushville, in Indiana, also, fiom Libeity, by
Biownsvilk, to Philomt th, to Ccnicivilk, also,
fiom Liberty, by New Boston, to Richland.
On motion of Mr BULL, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Commcicc
be mstiucted to inquuc into the expediency of
establishing a poit of cntiy at Giecn's landing,
in the county, of Marion, on the Mississippi nvei,
in the State of Missouii
On motion of Mi. ASHLEY, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Public Lands
bo mstiucted to mqune into the expediency of
collecting an enoi committed m issuing a pat-
ent foi one bundled and fifty acies of land in
part of Win Pennington and gianting to said
Pennington the light to entei,m lieu of the land
patented, the same quantity of any of the public
lands subject to enti y at private sale.
On motion of Mi LYON, of Michigan, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Public Lands
be mstiucted to inqune into the expediency of
appiopnating a township, or some other quantity
of the public lands in Michigan Territory, to aid
in establishing an academy or school on the island
of Michilimackinac, in said Terntoiy, for the
pin pose of educating Indian youth.
On motion of Mi   LYON, of Michigan, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making Green Bay, in Michigan Terntory, a port
of delivery
On motion of Mi SEVIER, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Piivate Land
Claims be mstiucted to inquire into the expedi-
ency of authorising the lpgigtei and leccitei of
the propei land distiic-tm Aikansasto recene
proof of claimants of the validity of Spanish or
Piench land claims, with a view to the final ad-
justment, and repoit the same as soon as practi-
cable.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of Florida, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals bo instructed to inquire into the exnedt-
ency of making an appiopnation for a load from
Clack Cicek to Swam a river, and fiom the head
of Ptnsacola bay by Pittman's feny on Choc-
tawhatchic nvei to Campbellton, Jackson county,
in the Tcmtoiy of Flonda
On motion of Mi. WHITE, of Flouda.it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Pi,vate Land
Claims be instiucted to inquire into the expedi-
ency of increasing the compensation of the deputy
surveyoi foi suiveying private land claims in
Florida.
ExrCUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid befoie the House the fol-
lowing message fiom the Piesidentof the United
States
Washington, December 10, 1834
To Ike House of Representatives of the United States:
The joint resolutions of Congiess, unanimously
expicssing their sensibility on the intelligence of
the death of G(neial Lafayette, were communi-
cated, in compliance with their will, to George
Washington Lafayette, and the othei membeis
of the family of that illustrious man. By their
requt st, I now present the heartfelt acknowledg-
ments of the suivivmg descendants of our be-
loved fnend,foi that highly valued pi oof of the
sympathy of the United States
ANDREW JACKSON.
On motion of Mr EVERETT, of Massachu-
setts, the message and accompanying documents
were refeiied to the Committee on Foieign Rela-
tions
The SPEAKER laid befoie the House a report
fiom the Secietaiy of the Trcasuiy,m relation to
the puichase of sites for the election of custom-
houses, warehouses, &c; which, on motion of
Mi McKim, was refcircd to the Committee on
Commeice
The SPEAKER laid before the House a report
fiom the Sccietary of the Treasury,in lelationto
a lesolution containing the liumbei o^ custom-
house officers, and their compensation, &c., which 
on motion of Mi. Pevrob., was refencd to the
Committee on Commeice
On motion of Mr. SUTHERLAND, two thou-
sand extia copies of said repoit weie ordcied to
be jirintt d
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
supplemental repoit fiom the Secietaiy of tho
Treasmy,on the subject of keeping and disburs-
ing the public revenue, with accompanying docu-
ments, which, on motion of Mi Polk, was re-
feiied to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ten thousand extia copies weie oidered to be
punted.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The following bills, lepoi ted fiom the Commit-
tee of the Whole on Satuiday, were oidered to be
engrossed, and lead a third time:
For the relief of Samuel Bragdon, David Chase,
and others,
For the íehef of Charles Gordon, and others;
For the íehef of William McLam and others;
Foi the relief of William P. Zantzmger;
Foi the relief of Silas D. Fisher,
For the relief of Tufts and Claike,
For the relief of Humphrey B. Gwathmey;
To amend an act for the íelief of Robert C.
Jennings, and of the executors of James Roddy,
deceased,
For the íehef of Robert Haile;
For the relief of the heirs of Evan Edwards;
For the relief of the heirs and representatives
of William Graham;
For the relief of Samuel S. Loid;
For the relief of Samuel Huntt;
