1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
Por the relief of Marcus Quincy and William |
Gorham, of Portland; and                                         !
A bill for the relief of Francis Lasselle and !
others, Michigan volunteers,                                     I
On motion of Mr. GRENNELL, the bill for |
the relief of Roben C. Jennings, end of the ex- ;
editors of James Roddy, deceased, was recom- i
mitted to the Committee of Claims.                         |
BILLS PASSED.                              |
The bill to allow further time for issuing and :
locating military land war ran Is danng the last '
war, and the bill for the final adjustment of land
claims in the State of Louisiana and Territory of ;
Arkansas, were passed.                                              j
GEORGETOWN AND ALEXANDRIA  CANAL.     j
The bill authorizing an appropriation of ¿100,- ¡
000 of stock in the Georgetown and Alexandria
Canal and Aqueduct Company was taken up.      j
Mr.   HARDIN  said,  this" bill,  he   thought, \
should be acted on'with caution.  He did not wish
to deptive it of its place upon the docket, but he 1
suggested that it should be laid aside for the pros- !
cut. CongresshadalrcadysuljscribedforJlOOJJOO I
worth of the stock of the Alexandria canal, where '
the Almighty had previously prepared a better ;
canal than human art could achieve.    He would I
ask how long Congress were disposed to go on m |
this headlong course ?    How much has that canal :
cost?    How much will it cost?   It has been as-
serted  here   that  the formerly  projected stone i
bridge across the Potomac would have cost at ¡
least three millions of dollars !    Now, if that were (
the   fact,   what  must  not   this   aqueduct  cost ?
It must have stone abutments, arches, &c, and
be in a great   degree more expensive than  the
bridge would have been.*   It may, and probably
will, cost millions upon millions! As to estimates,
Mr. H. said he cared but little for them.    Esti-
mates were like the doctor feeling the sick man's
pulse—they were sometimes high, and sometimes
low.    He had no confidence in them.    He hoped
the House would at all events pass the bill by for
the present;
Mr. CHINN did not wish to press the bill, if
gentlemen were not prepared to act on it at this
time. He, therefore, moved to postpone its
further consideration to this day three weeks;
which was agreed to.
RAILROADS, ETC., THROUGH PUBLIC LaNDS.
A bill to authorize the construction of railroads
and canals through the public lands was taken up.
After a few remarks, of an explanatory charac-
ter, by Messrs. FILLMORE and CLAY, the lat-
ter gentleman proposed an amendment, intended to
guard more fully the rights of the United States.
Mr. BRIGGS, in view of the importance of the
bill, then moved its postponement until this day
two weeks; which was agreed to.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT.
The bill to incorporate the Washington Na-
tional Monument Society was,
On motion of Mr. CHINN, postponed until
the second Monday m January.
PAINTINGS FOR THE  ROTUNDA.
A joint resolution directing contracts to be made
for historical paintings for the rotunda of the
Capitol was taken up.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts, said he dis-
covered that the resolution proposed that four
artists be employed in the execution of the pro-
posed paintings. He doubted whether four native
artists could be found competent to the under-
taking. The four paintings already placed in the
rotunda wei£ executed by one. If four or more
were employed, he predicted the result would be
the production of very indifferent work, unfit to
be exhibited to the world. He moved to strike
out the word four, so as to leave it optional to
employ either one or more. He did not mean
to say that the same individual should execute
the whole of those paintings; he wished some dis-
cretion might be exercised, in order to procure
worthy specimens of the arts.
Mr. JARV1S said, as chairman of the commit-
tee who reported this resolution, he felt bound to
state the objects which governed them.. There
was no difference of opinion in the committee on
this subject. He had no doubt that four Amer-
ican artists could be found fully equal to the task.
It was desirable to prevent such a monopoly as
produced the paintings already exhibited in the
rotunda, and ho was sure there was nothing so
admirable in those as to disparage the idea of
producing their equal. The difficulty would not
be in finding four competent American artists,
but m selecting from the multitude in the galaxy.
He would not do the arts of his country the wrong
to believe ^the proposed number could not be
found.
Mr. WISE said, in reply to Mr. Adams, that
he hoped the House would pardon a few observ-
ations from him on this resolution and amend-
ment, as he felt a deep interest in the subject.
The gentleman from Massachusetts says that he
doubts whether tour American artists can be found
competent to execute these paintings. Sir, I am
proud to say and believe, that tiiis country—the
great masters dead—is richer now in native tal-
ents in the fine arts than any country on the globe.
Without meaning to be invidious in the naming
of our artists, as an American, I will boast that
Allston is the finest historical painter—Sully the
finest portrait painter—and Greeuough is the
finest sculptor in the world. And to these I could
add the names of twice the number/??!)-. One—
Chapman—1 know to have slept upon his easel
during a stay of three years in Italy, before the
works of the old masters in the Vatican, and to
have had an historical painting engraved by the
Academy of Fine A rts at Rome. The counti y is
rich in artists. Though the fine arts are not en-
couraged here, they are indigenous to the country.
The gentleman says that the result of employing
four will be that the paintings will be indifferent.
Sir, 1 cannot see how. There are four panels
in the rotunda to be filled. By selecting an artist
for each, you will enlarge the field of selection,
develop as much native talent as possible, and,
by having more than one artist, you will insure
success m the pictures by competition. Such is
the object of selecting four. The evil of a monop-
oly is now to be seen in the rotunda. The pre-
cedent of Trumbull's paintings, instead of being
quoted for the selection of one artist, should be
cited for the selection of four. Does the gentle-
man from Massachusetts not knosv, that tiie piece
of the signing of the Declaration of Independence-
was dubbed, by a former representative of Vir-
ginia, (Mr. Randolph,) the " painting of shins?"
It may be seen by any one who will look at them,
that the faces in one are the faces of all four, and
that all the faces in the same piece have all the
same characteristics. There always will be too
much sameness in any four pieces executed by the
same hand, however different the subjects; and,
therefore, there should be different hands to exe-
cute them. Contrast is wanted foreffect, besides
competition for success If four are employed,
four styles of American painting will be exhib-
ited. 1 hope, sir, the resolution will pass in its
original form.
Mr. WARD said, that the subject had been
brought before the committee of which he was a
member at its last session, on the motion of the
honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,]
and it had there been fully discussed. The com-
mittee, in reporting the resolution in its present
shape, considered that it was due to American
artists that these paintings should be distributed
among them. He was proud to know that there
were many American artists fully competent to
this task. He spoke of Sully, .fjlhton, Vanderlyn,
Morse, Chapman, Wier, Peale, Leslie, Trumbull,
./¡gate, Osgood, and others,as native artists, whose
works would never discredit the Capitol of the
nation. With this host before us, he thought it
would be highly inexpedient to confine our selec-
tion to a less number than that which the commit-
tee had proposed. There were, he did not doubt,
many young artists in the country, whose names
were now, perhaps, unknown to fame, but who
only wanted an opportunity to distinguish them-
selves. Chapman and Wier, he considered, were
artists of no inconsiderable merit. They were des-
tined, if generously cherished—if preperly appre-
ciated—to become, at no distant day, the most
distinguished artists in this or any other country.
Nature has endowed these youthful artists with
a taste and genius that qualify either of them to
adorn the walls of our Capitol with the bright
deeds of American history, immortalized by
American genius. There were many of ourartists
worthy and deserving of notice and of patronage,
and he hoped some of them would have an oppor-
tunity of transmitting their names to posterity in
this great work.
Mr. BURGES said,-he could hardly under-
stand what it was that was to secure the immor-
tality of the host of youthful prodigies alluded to
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ward.]
If we arc so crowded with artists, (said Mr. B.,)
if we are so annoyed with their inimitable num-
ber, why not let them all have an equal chance
for the prize? Let them select their subjects,
produce their paintings, expose them to every
eye, and let the public select such as are most
worthy of selection. But what are to be the sub-
jects of these paintings? He, for one, felt some-
what tenacious of having a vote on the question*
what subject should be represented in the rotunda?
He was opposed to running any bargains in this
matter. He remembered to have seen some of
the works of Mr Austin, and he would have no
objection to his being employed in the work, pro-
vided the subject was first declared by the House.
The House had before tried in vain to come to a
conclusion on this point, when a subject.for ex-
hibition was proposed to them, and that subject
was the battle of New Orleans ! A matter of thrill-
ing interest, but one which, like many others,
would involve some political feeling. There were
many subjects which could not be painted so as
to give unity to their appearance. He alluded
to the Declaration of Independence, and showed
wherein it was not rendered a fit subject for a
paining. He had seen many attempts to paint
the deluge, but never saw them succeed. Without
unity, a painting becomes a confusion—a rabble—
a rout—a mob—and who could paint a mob?
Nobody—unless it were to place one upon a
stump to make a speech. Mr. B. said he had
not yet so far adopted the theories of the day,
that, if our country contained an Angelo or a
Correggio, he would not employ him for fear of
the cry of monopoly. There was not quite so
much Democracy or agrarianism in him as to
reduce genius to such an equality. If there were
such a galaxy of painters m our country, there
must be some ruling star, some bright luminary
among them, more glorious than the rest. Let
the artist select his subject, and lay it before the
House, and then let the House decide upon it.
Mr. WJSE said, that it had been urged that
this country is not rich enough in artists for four
paintings; but he did notexpect to hear the ques--
tion which had been asked by the gentleman from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Bukges,] " What is there to
call forth so much native talents in the fine arts
in this country?" In this country, sir? It is not
only the richest in the fine arts now, but is the
richest country in the world, sir, in historical
events for the pencil of the painter! In historical
events of the battle-field, and in the council cham-
ber. Every inch of ground in this country is
consecrated to freedom, by events great, holy, and
sacred. . Every State in the Union has events to
be painted. Even the little State of Rhode Island
has a g-renf man to be painted! But, sir, this
was not the meaning of the gentleman. He did
not mean to disparage his country, as well as her
artists. His meaning peeped out before he took his
seat, and was not left smothered in his question.
The gentleman appears to tremble lest the battle
of New Orleans should be put upon canvass—lest
some act or event of the Prejident's life should
be selected as the subject of one of these paint-
ings. Sir, it is not contemplated by any one that
I know of—certainly by no one of good taste—to
make an event, however distinguished, as late as
any of the last war, the subject of one of these
paintings. No artist of good taste, 1 know, would
select any recent event to bo illustrated by aras-
ter-picce; for it is in painting as in novel-writing,
sir—you must go back until you meet events hal-
lowed by time, and magnified and mystified by
antiquity. .For this reason, sir, if the gentleman
chooses to propose the amendment, I for one will
i agree to it, that the selection of subjects shall be
confined to a date antecedent to the treaty of '83.
The gentleman asks, though, why not leave it to
the artists to select the subjects, finish the paint-
ings, and then, if worthy, for the Government to
purchase them ? Sir, to every one who has given
the least attention to the subject, the answer is
easy. The fine arts are hot-house plants. In every
country but this they are encouraged. Every
court of Europe has a student at Rome, where
there is an academy for the study of tHe old
