48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December W.
be sure—that of President Jackson, Vice Presi-
dent Van Buren, and Senator Grundy. It seems
that vre have all (said Mr. B.) been detected in
something that deserves exposure—in the of-
fense of aiding our respective constituents ,-or fel-
low-citizens, in obtaining branch banks to be
located in our respective States; and upon this
detection,the assertion is made that these branches
were not extended to these States for political
effect, when the charter was nearly run out, but
in good faith, and upon our application, to aid
the business of the country. Mr. B. said, it was
true that he had forwarded a petition from the
merchants of St. Louis, about 1826 or '27, solic-
iting a branch at that place; and he had accom-
panied it by a letter, as he had been requested to
do, sustaining and supporting their request; and
bearing the testimony to their characters as men
of business and property which the occasion and
the truth required. He did this for merchants
who were his political enemies, and ho did it
readily and cordially, as a representative ought
to act for his constituents, whether they are for
him, or against him, in the elections. So far so
good; but the allegation of the report is, that the
branch at St. Louis was established upon this pe-
tition, and tins letter, and therefore was not estab-
lished with political views, but purely and simply
for business purposes. Wow, (said Mr. B.,) I
have a question to put to the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Tyler,] who has made the report for
the committee: it is this: whether the president
or directors of the bank had informed him that
General Cadwalader had been sent as an agent
to St. Louis, to examine the place, and to report
upon its ability to sustain a branch ?
Mr. TYLER rose and said, that he had heard
nothing at the bank upon the subject of General
Cadwalader having been sent to St. Louis, or
any report upon the place being made.
Mr. BENTON, resuming, said, the committee
has been treated unworthily, scurvily, basely,
by the bank! It has been made the instrument
to report an untruth to the Senate, and to the
American people; and neither the Senate, nor that
part of the American people who chance to be in
this Chamber, should be permitted to leave their
places until that falsehood was exposed.
Sir, (said Mr. B.,) addressing the Vice Pres-
ident, the president and directors of the Bank of
the United States, upon receiving the merchants'
petition, and my letter, did not send a branch to St.
Louis 1 They sent an agent there, in the person
of General Cadwalader, to examine the place,
and to report upon its mercantile capabilities and
wants; and upon that report, the decision was
made, and made against the request of the mer-
chants, and that upon the ground that the
business of the place would notjustify the estab-
lishment of a branch. The petition from the
merchants came to Mr. B. while he was here, in
his seat-, it was forwarded from this place to
Philadelphia; the agent made his visit to St. Louis
before he (Mr. B.) returned; and when he got
home, im the spring or summer, the merchants
informed him of what had occurred, and that
they had received a letterfrom the directory of the
bank, informing them that a branch could not be
granted; and there the whole affair, so far as the
petition and the letter were concerned, died away.
But (said Mr. B.) it happened just in that time
that I made my first demonstration—struck my
first blow—against the bank; and the next news
that I had from the merchants was, that another
letter had been received from the bank, without
any new petition having been sent, and without
any new report upon the business of the place, in-
forming them that the branch was to come ! And I
come it did, and immediately went to work to
gain men and presses to govern the politics of the
State, to exclude him (Mr. B.) from reelection to
the Senate, and to oppose every candidate, from
Governor to constable, who was not for the bank.
The branch had even furnished a list to the mother
bank, through some of its officers, of the names
and residences of the active citizens in every part
of the State; and to these, and to their great aston-
ishment at the familiarity and condescension of
the high directory in Philadelphia, myriads of
bank documents were sent, with a minute descrip-
tion of name and place, postage free. At the
presidential election of 1832, the State was deluged
with these favors. At his own re'élections to the
Senate—the two last—the branch bank was in the
field against him everywhere, and in every form;
its directors traversing the State, going to the
houses of the members of the General Assembly
after they were elected, in almost every county,
over a State of sixty thousand square miles; and
then attending the Legislature, as lobby members,
to oppose him. Of these things Mr. B. had never
spoken in public before, nor should he have done it
now, had it not been for the falsehood attempted
to be palmed upon the Senate through the instru-
mentality ofits committee. But having been driven
into it, he would mention another circumstance,
which also he had never named in public before,
but which-would throw light upon the establish-
ment of the branch in St. Louis, and the kind of
business which it had to perform. An immense
edition of a review ofhis speech on the veto message
was circulated through his State on the eve of his
last election. It bore the impress of the bank foun-
dery in Philadelphia, and was intended to let the
people of Missouri see that he (Mr. B.) was a very
unfit person to represent them; and afterwards it
was seen from the report of the Government direc-
tors to the Presiden of the United States.that sev-
enty-five thousand copies of that review were
paid for by the Bank of the United States? That
looked bad enough, (said Mr. B.,) but it was not
all. That speech, of which the bank thought it
worth while to get a review written, and to pub-
lish an edition of seventy-five thousand copies,
was not thought worthy to bo put in the Regis-
ter of Debates ¡—that Register to which Congress
is a subscriber, and which purports to be a true
history of our debates. More; the replies to it
were published in the same Register! - He spoke
of the speech on the veto message. There was
another, on the final passage of the bank bill, not
totally suppressed, but compressed into noth-
ing; six hours' speaking put into a paragraph;
and his main speech on the whole bill thus
converted into what an unfortunate orator of
Arkansas once said of his own in seeing the mar-
rowless skeleton ofhis oration in the newspaper—
" a diminutive metamorphit !" And as for a third
speech, inserted for him in that same Register, it
was an infamous falsification of the truth. Mr. B.
had never mentioned these things publicly before,
nor should he have done it now, except to show
that the falsehood of which the Senate's commit-
tee had been made the organ, is a part of the sys-
tem of the bank, pervading our congressional his-
tory even. It was his intention, at some proper
time, to have a committee to report upon those
publications, called Registers of Debates, so far
as they have been published since the Bank of the
United States has undertaken to wield the press.
Tire oik; which ho now had in his eye was that of
Messrs. Gales & Seaton.
Mr. B. said that if he had had a line from the
committee, (and he was within their reach all the
summer,) he could have turned them to the in-
quiry which would have brought out the truth,
with respect to the establishment of the St. Louis
branch, and saved them from the imposition which
the bank directory had practiced upon them. As
it was, he still wanted their help in a case which
was now theirs,as well as his; it was to aid him
in exposing the unworthy, the scurvy, and the
base trick of the bank. He should submit a res-
olution, requiring the committee to obtain from
the president of the bank a copy of General Cad-
walader's report; a copy of the answer to the
merchants; and a copy of the second letter, an-
nouncing the change of determination, and the
immediate establishment of the branch. Until
those copies came in, he should say no more on
that point, but must be content to see his name
figure in the myriad of copies of the report (the
more the better) which would be printed, and
which would give the village orators of the bank
an opportunity of astonishing the natives who
came in from the heads of the creeks and the
gorges of the mountains, with showing them
what an inconsistent and unprincipled fellow this
Mr. Benton is; and to admire the delicacy of the
bank which never publishes a private letter, nor I
exposes the names of public men.                           i
Mr. B. said there was another thing which I
must be noticed now, because the proof to con- <
found it was written in our own Journals. He
alluded to the *' hostility'' of the President of the j
United States to the bank, which made so large a !
figure in that report. The " vindicliveness" of the I
President—the "hostility" of the President, was
often pressed into the service of that report, which
he must be permitted to qualify as an elaborate
defense of the bank. Whether used originally, or
by quotation, it was the same thing. The quota-
tion from Mr. Duane was made to help out the
argument of the committee—to sustain their posi-
tion, and thereby became their own. The " rin-
dictiveness" of the President towards the bank is
brought forward with imposing gravity by the
committee; and no one is ata loss to understand
■what is meant! The charge had been made too
often not to suggest the whole story as often as it
iskinted. The President became hostile to the
■president of the bank because he could not man-
age him, and make him use the institution for
political purposes! and hence his revenge, his
vindictiveness, his hatred of Mr. Biddle, and his
change of sentiment towards the institution. This
is the charge which has run through the bank
presses for three years, and is alleged to take
date from 1829, when an application was made to
change the president of the Portsmouth branch
But how stands the truth, recorded upon our own
Journals? It stands thus: that for three consecutive
years after the harboring of this deadly malice
against Mr. Biddle, for not managing the insti-
tution to suit the President's political wishes—
for three years, one after another, with this " vin-
dictive" hate in his bosom, and his diabolical
determination to ruin the institution, he nomin-
ates this same Mr. Biddle to the Senate as one
of the Government directors, and at the head of
those directors! Mr. Biddle, and some of his
friends with him, came in upon every nomina-
tion for three successive years, after vengeance
had been sworn against him! For three yeara
afterwards he is not only named a director, but
indicated for the presidency of the bank by being '
put at the head of those who came recom-
mended by the nomination of the President, and
the sanction of the Senate ! Thus was he nomin-
ated for the years 1830, 1831, and 1832; audit
was only after the report of Mr. Clayton's com-
mittee of 1832 that the President ceased to nomin-
ate Mr. Biddle for Government director! Such
was the frank, confiding, and friendly conduct of
the President, while Mr. Biddle, conscious that
ho did not deserve a nomination at his hands,
had himself also elected during each of these
years, at the head of the stockholders' ticket.
He knew what he was meditating and hatching
against the President, though the President did
not! What, then, becomes of the charge faintly
shadowed forth by the committee, and publicly
and directly made by the bank and its friends?
False ! False as hell! and no Senator can say it
without finding the proof of the falsehood re-
corded in our own Journal!
Mr. B. was not now going into a general an-_
swer to the report, but Tie must do justice to an*
absent gentleman—one of the purest men upon
earth, both in public and private life, and who,
after the manner he had been treated in this Cham-
ber, ought to be secure, in his retirement, from
senatorial attack and injustice. The committee
have joined a conspicuous issue with Mr. Taney;
and they have carried a glorious bank victory over
him, by turning off the trial upon a false "point.
Mr. Taney arraigned the legality of the conduct
of the exchange Committee, winch, overleaping
the business of such a committee, which is to buy
and sell realbills of exchange, had bcoine invested
with the power of the whole board; transacting
that business which, by the charter, could only
be done by the board of directors, and by a board
of not less than seven, and which they could not
delegate. Yet this committee of three, selected
by the President himself, was shown by the re-
port of the Government directors to transact the
most important business; such as making im-
mense loans upon long credits, and upon ques-
tionable security; sometimes covering its opera-
tions under the simulated garb and falsified pre-
text of buying a bill of exchange; sometimes using
no disguise at all. It was shown, by the same
report, to have the exclusive charge of conduct-
ing the curtailment last winter; a business of the
most important character to the country, having
no manner of affinity to the propor functions of
an exchange committee; and which they con-
ducted in the most partial and iniquitous maimer,
and without even reporting to the board. All
this the Government directors communicated.
All this was commented upon on this floor; yet
