52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
relating  to the claim of Adam Smith, for work ,
and labor done on the Cumberland road, west of !
Zatifsville, accompanied with a sample of metal \
exhibited by him; all of which were referred to
the Committee of Claims.]
Mr. IUNNARD, of Indiana;
Mr. CAGE, of Mississippi;
Mr  MURPHY, of Alabama;
Mr. ASHLEY, of Missouri.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO CANAL,
The SPEAKER laid before the House a me-
morial of a convention recently held in Baltimore,
composed of delegates from the States of Vir-
ginia, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and the
District of Columbia, asking an appropriation of
money in aid of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
Company; which, on motion of Mr. Mercer,
was committed to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS  SUBMITTED.
On motion of Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of making an appropriation to pay the claim
of Josiah Frost", of Alleghany county, Maryland,
on account of his contract for the repairs of a
portion of the Cumberland road.
On motion of Mr. LOVE, it vvas
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of allowing James Barnet, a lieutenant
in the revolutionary army, half pay for life,
allowing a credit for what he has received as
commutation.
On motion of Mr. ÍIAMER, by leave, it was
Resolved, That the select committee, to whom
was referred so much of the President's message
us relates to the election of President and Vice
President of the United States, be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of so amending the
Constitution as to provide for the election of Pres-
ident and Vice President by a direct vote of the
people in districts; the number of districts in
each State to be equal to the number of Senators
and Representatives to which each State may be
entitled in Congress, and each district having one
vote; the election of said oiiicers in no event to
devolve upon Congress; no person who has been
elected President to be again eligible to that office;
and that no Senator or Representative shall be
nominated or appointed to any office of trust,
lienor, or profit, under the authority of the United
States whilst holding a seat in Congress.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of Florida, it was
Resolocd, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation for deepening the bar
of Pensacola bay, according to the report of the
engineers of the United States, and that of the
Secretary of the Navy, made at the last session
of Congress.                                               ,
DUTIES ON LOCOMOTIVES, ETC.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr. Clayton, was again taken up:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means inquire into the expediency of reporting
a law for the purpose of remitting the duties on
locomotive engines, railroad car-wheels, with
rolled-iron tires, axles, springs, &c, already im-
ported, or which may hereafter be imported
within two years.
Mr. EW1NG-, of Indiana, continued the re-
marks which ho commenced yesterday, but, from
the low tone of voice and the difficulty of hear-
ing in the Hall, the reporter is unable to give a
connected view of what he said.
Mr. RENCHER desired to explain the reasons
which would govern his vote. He was opposed
to the resolution mainly because the friends of
the tariff objected to it. They look upon it as a
direct blow aimed at the tariff. This was almost
the only reason which would induce him to vote
for sending this inquiry to the Committee on
Manufactures instead of the Committee of Ways
and Means; and he would vote to lay the propo-
sition on the table but for the respect-which he
entertained for the mover, [Mr. Clayton.] He
was unwilling to do anything which might en-
danger the harmony which prevailed on the
subject of the tariff.    So far as the resolution
related to railroad iron already imported, the
friends of the tariff could have no objection to it;
but it went further, and looked to future importa-
tions, and in that view substantially changed the
tariff, and was a palpable departure from, and an
infringement of, the compromise act of 1832.
Why (he inquired) should we remit the duties
in order to favorthsse wealthy joint stock rail-
road companies ? Why should they be exclu-
sively exempted from the necessary burdens
imposed by the Government upon its citizens ?
Other portions of the community might thereby
be subjected to even greater exactions.
It had been said that by the adoption of this
measure we may promote the cause of internal
improvements. He was opposed to it on that
ground, because it was an attempt to do that in-
directly which we have no power to do directly.
His main objection to the resolution, however,
was, that it was an invasion of the compromise
act of 1832. He had received that compromise in
good faith, and would not, therefore, do anything
to disturb it. For these reasons, he would vote
to send the inquiry to that committee which was
most acceptable to the friends of the tariff.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said, that this was a mere
resolution for an inquiry, and therefore of a char-
acter usually favored by the House. On that
ground he had voted the other day against lay-
ing it on the table. But, although it might be of
some importance, it was not, in his estimation,
sufficiently so to authorize a protracted debate, to
'the exclusion of other subjects of much greater
interest. It was now quite manifest, as well from
the debate which had already taken place, as from
the anxiety indicated this morning to address the
Chair upon the subject, that a long discussion
might be looked for before any vote could be had
on the resolution. Under such circumstances he
thought the proposition ought to be laid on the
tabic, and he would make a motion to that effect.
Ho was not actuated by any considerations con-
nected with what was called the compromise act
of 1832. tie did not believe that the legislation
of the country ought to be trammeled or control-
led by that act, or that we are bound in honor to
regard that measure as sacred. He was not dis-
posed to disturb the act referred to; but he did
not predicate his present motion upon any con-
sideration having reference to its obligatory char-
acter upon the House. He repeated, in conclu-
sion, that his object in moving to lay the propo-
j sition on the table was to arrest an unnecessary
i and prolonged discussion.
Mr. CLAYTON asked the  gentleman  from
New York [Mr. Bkahosley] to withdraw his
motion until he could reply to the remarks of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.RENCHER.]
The motion was withdrawn.
Mr. C. said he would remind the House, that
the resolution was merely one of inquiry, and
that it could not possibly be known, until the in-
quiry was made, whether it did interfere with the
compromise or not. Ho was free to say that, if it
did, ho would surrender the question; for he hoped
ho should be among the last men who would dis-
turb the settlement of a matter entered into so
solemnly, and that had quieted such distracting
j agitations.    But it was not true, in his opinion,
I that it did disturb that question.    Similar apph-
j cations had come from the tariff interest.    Rail-
i road iron had been exempted   from duties  on
i their exclusive solicitation.    A large proportion
I of the friends of the present measure belonged to
that side; let an inquiry therefore be made, and
if it should appear that the object sought by the
resolution' so interferes with the tariff' question
as to disturb the compromise, it will no longer
have his support; but he should hope to hear no
more from that side of the question about sus-
pending duties upon objects that happen to suit
their particular convenience, as in the case of rail-
road iron.    Let us have no more applications for
| relief when it answers their purpos.% and then a
| loud complaint when a measure precisely similar
| comes before the House.
I The gentleman from North Carolina seemed to
think that the resolution favored the very doc- I.
trines against which the South has been so long ¡j
contending—namely, protection. If he (Mr. C.) ¡|
thought so, he surely would abandon it as quick ''
as he could getaway from it; but he thought he ''
could convince the gentleman himself that that I
idea was erroneous.   He did not consider the I!
present duties on the objects contained in his res-
olution as-revenue duties; they were not intended
for the support of the Government, but were ex-
clusively designed to protect those articles. So
far, then, he considered he was assailing an un-
lawful, and he meant by that expression an un-
constitutional, provision. He was only asking a
simple repeal of a law which was passed in dero-
gation of the great interest which he represented.
If, when the law was about to be passed, it would
be a good argument against it to say that it greatly
prejudiced the agricultural interests of the South,
that it was invading their rights, surely it was
legitimate to come here and ask a suspension of
the duties for a limited time in favor ot those
rights. He did not ask protection of those inter-
ests; and he only asked a restoration of those
privileges of which they had been robbed. This
was the proper view of the question. But for
these duties, that had been laid for the express
purpose of a particular class, the great agiicul-
■tural and planting South could have gone on to
erect railroads, and procured the materials neces-
sary for that object, without taxation; an 3 now*
that they ask to have those taxes suspended, it
is conceived they are in favor of protecting cer-
tain interests in the country! No, sir, it is not
protection, it is matter of right we ask; and the
apparent disposition to refuse it shows how soon
that will be considered as a right, by an exclu-
sive interest, which was originally yielded to it
as*a matter of favor. He repeated, that, if he
thought his motion went either to support the
protective system, or to disturb the compromise,
and in the compromise he considered the whole
American system involved, not on the tariff, but'
internal improvement, he should abandon it with-
out delay; and if his resolution is rejected on
either of these grounds, he shall be perfectly sat-
isfied, and shall henceforth consider it as proof,
assuming th'c authority of precedent, of the first
solemn determination of Congress to sustain the
compromise. Now, go it which way it may, he
would be content.
Mr. BINNEY said there were misapprehen-
sions on the subject. It had been supposed that
the resolution related in part to* railroad iron.
Such was not the fact. Another misapprehen-
sion was, that railroad iron was now subject to
duty. This was also a mistake. That descrip-
tion of iron, when imported by corporations,was
not dutiable under our statute. The simple ques-
tion was, whether this subject should be submit-
ted for investigation to the Committee on Manu-
factures, or to that of Ways and Means.' Some
remarks which had fallen from various members
of the House rendered it imperative on him to
express an opinion on the subject. Whatever
that opinion might be, he did not conceive that
it should involve any principle for or against
the interests conserved, by either of those com-
mittees. In the first place, this same subject, at
the last session of Congress, had been referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means. He would
now consider it a repioach to that committee to
take it out of its hands. The investigations of
that committee had already resulted in the pro-
duction of u bill bearing directly upon the sub-
ject in debate. Mr. B. contended that this was
not a measure for giving money for the promo-
tion of internal improvements, or the protec-
tion of Ameiican manufactures. It was to take
away a tax levied by the revenue laws of the
country, and he believed it strictly belonged to
the Committee of Ways and Means. Mr. B.
said he had just received a communication from
an individual engaged in the manufacture of loco-
motive engines for the use of railroads, which he
should, in due time, lay before the House. The
communication of this individual, whom he hail
known for thirty or forty years past, would, if
no other consideration had, have convinced him
of the propriety of referring this subject to the
committee of which he was a member—that of
Ways and Means—which he believed as capable
as any other of acting and deciding on its general
merits, no matter what interests it might in-
volve.
Mr. DICKERSON followed on the opposite
side of the question, contending that the subject
properly belonged to the Committee on Manu-
factures. Ho answered many of the arguments
advanced by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and concluded by  remarking, that, as it was
