1834.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                     53
evident this question was about to open the whole
tariff question, he would move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mi   D , however, at the request of Mi. Bur-
GES, (who promised to renew it,) withdrew the
otion
Mr BURGES strenuously contended that this
was a proper subject for the Committee on Man-
ufactures, and for that committee only. It had
been frequently said in the course of this debate
that this matter was liable to conflict with some
provisions of what was called the "Compromise."
Sir, (said Mr. B ,) I have little to say of this
compromise. The people have not compromised,
and the time must come when all such arrange-
ments must be swept away by the loud voice of
public opinion. Gentlemen might prepare them-
selves for that event, foi come it must and come
it would They might make up their minds
for this event, for the labor of the country
could not succumb to the interest of Em ope, or
the prejudices of the South Mr. B proceeded
. to a discussion of the relative strength of the cast
and rolled iron of this country and of Europe,
some of the latter of which, brought into this
country under the name of rolled iron, was no
better than cast—nay, it could be more properly
compared to the ice that congeals from the íoofs
of youi houses' He contended that the intro-
duction of this European manufacture would
peril the lives of oui fellow-citizens, while we
could have no legal redress for any accidents that
might occur fiom the defect of the materials He
concluded by again- repeating that he had noth-
ing to do with that false and cowardly arrange-
ment so often called the "compromise "
Mi. B. then icnewed the motion to lay the res-
olution on the table, which was decided in the
affirmative, as follows—yeas 123, nays 85
YEAS — Messrs. John dumcy Adams, John
Adams, Heaman Allen, Chilton Allan, William
Allen, Banks, Barber, Baimtz, Baylies, Beaids-
ley,Beaty, Beaumont, Blair, Boon, Brown, Bull,
Burd, Bulges,Buins,Chambers,Chaney,Chilton,
William Clark, Corwin, Clamer, Crockett, Dar-
lington, Amos Davis, Day,  Denny, Dickson,
Dickerson,  Evans,  Horace  Everett,  Fillmoie,
Fowlei,  Philo C   Fuller,  Galbraith, Garland,
Gillet, Grennell, Joseph Hall, Hiland Hall, Hal-
sey, Hannegan, Hard, Hardin, Joseph M. Hai-
per, Harrison, Hathaway, Hazeltme, Heath,
Hendeison,Heistei, Howell, Ebenezer Jackson,
Jarvis, Wilham Cost Johnson, Richard M John-
son, IN oadiah Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kmnai d,
Lane,  Lansing,  Lapoite,   Lay,   Thomas  Lee, I
Love, Lyon, Abijah Mann, Toel K Mann, Mar- I
tindale, Marshall, Mows  Mason,  McKennan,
McKim,  McLene, McVean, Millei, Milligan, ,
Minei, Hemy Mitchell, Robeit Mitchell, Mor- |
can, Muhlenberg,Osgood, Page, Paiks, Paiker, I
Patterson,  Dutee J   Peaice, Phillips, Pierson,
Pinckney, Pope, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Schenck,
Shmn, Slade, Sloane, Smith, Standefci, Steele,
Stewart, Sutheiland,  Wilham Taylor, Fianus
Thomas, Thomson, Tompkins, Tin ner, Tweedy,
Vandeipoel, Van Houten, Wagnei, Ward, Web
ster,   Whallon,    Frederick   Whittlesey,   Ehsha
Whittlesey, Wilson, and Young—123
NAYS—Messrs John J Allen, Archer, Ash-
ley, Beale, Bean, Bmney, Bnggs, Bunch, Bynum,
Cao-e,Cambieleng,Campbell,Caii,Casey, Chmn,
Claiborne, Clay, Clayton, C1o-a ney, Coffee, Con-
noi, Cianc, Davenport, Debeny, Dickinson,
Dunlap, Ewing, Feldei, Feins, Fostei, William
K Fuller, Gamble, Gholson, Gordon, Graham,
Grayson, Griffin, Hamer, James Harper, Haw-
kins, Hawts, Hubbaid, Huntington, Inge, Wil-
liam Jaekbon.Kaianagh, Kilgoit, King, Luke
Lea, Letchei, Lewis, Lincoln, Loyall, Lucas,
Manning, Maidis, John Y Mason, May, Mc-
Carty, McComas, MeKmley, Moore, Muiphy,
Patton, Peyton, Pickens, Franklin Pierce, Polk,
Rencher, Reynolds, Robertson, William B bhep-
ard, Augustine H Shepperd, Spangler,Speight,
Stoddert, William P Tayloi, Philemon Thomas,
Tiumbull, Vance, Watmough, Wayne, Wildt,
Williams, and Wise—8o
BRIDGE OVER THE POTOMAC.
The SPE1ICER laid befoie the House a letter
fiom the Secietaiy of the Tieasury, in response
to a íesolution of the 16th instant, relitiveto the
budge across the Potomac, which was laid on
table
PRESENTS FROM MOROCCO.
The joint resolution authorizing the sale of a
hon and two horses, received as a present by the
American Consul at Tangier from the Empeioi
of Morocco, was read a third time, amended on
the motion of Mr. Adams, of Massachusetts, and
NICHOLAS D. COLEMAN.
The bill for the íehef of Nicholas D. Coleman
was read a third time, and passed.
B. KILBURN.
The bill for the relief of D. Kilburn was taken
up A lengthy discussion ensued, m which
Messrs WHITTLESEY of Ohio, WARD-
WELL, THOMSON, BRIGGS, BURD, CHIL-
TON, and BURGES, participated.
Before any question was taken on the thud
leading of the* bill,
Mi PARKS, by consent, moved that when the
House adjourns, it will adjouin to meetagainon
Monday, which was, agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE
Mo-íday, Deceinber 22, 1834.
Petitions and memorials were piesentcd by
Messis HENDRICKS, SILSBEE, WRIGHT,
HILL, McKEAN, BUCHANAN, SMITH,
CLA'V, and PORTER.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a memonal fiom the convention lately assem-
bled at Baltimoie, piaymg fuither aid fiom Con-
gress for the continuation and completion of the
Chesapeake and Ohio canal, which was lefeired
to the Committee on Roads and Canals
Mi WRIGHT piesented a memonal fiom a
numbei of merchants and otheis in New Yoik,
lequesting the aid of Congress in fitting out an
explonng expedition to the South Seas, which
was refoired to the Committee on Naval Affans
RESOLUTIONS  IJNTRODUCED.
The following resolutions were submitted-
By Mr. HILL
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Tieasury
be íequested to transmit to the Senate, as eaily as
may be practicable, the numbei and the amount
of Navy and mihtaiy Viignua revolutionaiyland
warrants, now on file for scrip in the General
Land Office, the names of the individuals who
peifoimed the service,, and also the names of the
persons or agents who filed the warrants, or are
interested in tht same
Also, that tire Secretary of the Treasuiybe
further íequested to inform the Senate the
amount of suspended Navy and militai y Virginia
re\olutionary bounty land scrip now lying in the
Geneial Land Ofhee, the names of mdmduals
who peiformed the service, and the names of the
peisonsor agents now claiming sud si rip, and
the ltasons for suspending the delivery of the
same
By Mi. LINN
Resohed, That the Committee on Claims be m
stiuued to inqune into the expediency of making
an appiopnation to compensate Augustus Jones,
maishal of Missouu, foi services rendeied tht
public in detecting and bitaking up bands of
counteifeiteis, who were flooding the eountiy
withspuuous money, and that said committee
call on the Sccretaiy foi infoimation relating to
this sub|ect
By Mi  TOMLINSON
Resohed, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims be instiucted to mquue into the ex-
pediency of compensating Phmeas Taylor, of
Banbuiy, in the State of Connecticut, foi a hoise
and other piopeity taken fiom him foi public
us,c daring the i evolutionary -nai
By Mr   BLACK-
Resolved, That tht Postmaster Geneial inform
tht Stnate whether so much of the act of Con
giess,approved 25th Jane, 1832, as establishes a
mailiouto from Buint Corn, in the State of Ala-
bama,  by  CKiborne,   Clarksville,   Cofieeville,
Washington Court House .Winchester, Elhsville,
Wilhamsbuig,   Monticello,  and   Mead\ille,  to
I Natchez, m the State of Mississippi, has been
I cained into effect, and if it has not, what cause
I or causes ha\e prevented it
By Mr. POINDEXTER:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to procure fifty copies of the American
Diplomatic Code, to be retained for the use of the
Senate.
This resolution was twice read, and referred to
the Library Committee.
By Mr. KING.
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authonzmg the appointment of an agent to re-
ceive evidence of the losses sustained by the in-
habitants of the now State of Alabama, by the
invasion of a party of Creek Indians in the year
1814, when Fort Mims was taken, and those who
fled there for protection massacred.
By Mr. SWIFT:
Resolved, That the SecretaiyofWar be directed
to cause a survey to be taken of the channel
between the islands of North and South Hero, m
Lake Champlain, together with an estimate of
the probable expense of removing obstructions
to vessels in said channel, with a view of facili-
tating the navigation of said lake, by the removal
of said obstructions, and that he make a report
thereof to the Senate at the next session of Con-
giess
By Mr. KENT:
Resohed, That the Committee on Military
Affairs inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the immediate commence-
ment of fortifications on the Patapsco, at the city
of Annapolis, and at St Mary's, all deemed
essential by the board of engineers, in their
report, dated the 9th of Febmary, 1821, for the
security of the cities of Baltimoie and Annapolis,
and for the protection of the commerce of the
Chesapeake Bay.
REPORTS   FROM   COMMITTEES.
Mi. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported a bill for the relief of Humphrey
B   Gwdthney.
Mr SHEPLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Peter H.
Green
Mi. CLAYTON, from the Judiciary Com-
mittee, reported the bill to settle and-estabhsh
the noithem boundary line of the State of Ohio,
without amendment
Mr C said he would call up this bill for con-
sideration at the earliest period which was offered
him
Mr MOORE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the bill gi anting to the State of
Alabama three per cent, of the net proceeds of
the sales of public lands, amended to two per
cent.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mi WRIGHT gave notice that to-morrow
he would ask leave to intioduce a bill entitled
" An act in addition to an act to provide more
effectually for the settlement of the accounts of
receivers of public money ," approved March 3,
1797
Mi LINN give notice that to-morrow lie
would ask leave to intioduce a bill authormng
an appropuation to aid in improving the harboi
at St  Louis
THE REGISTER OF BFBATES.
Mr BENTON rose and asked the indulgence
of the Senate for a moment, thi>t he might try an
issue with Messrs Gales & Seaton, editois of
the Congressional Registei, by an inspection of
the rccoid He had stated, on Thursday last, that
they had, in thtir Register, suppressed two of
Ins m-un speeches on the Bank of the United
States, m 1832, and inserted a falsified account of
anothei. This statement seemed to be denied
m the National Intelligencer of this morning, and
he had now brought in the Register, Vol 8, part
the fust, foi the session of l831-'32, to venfy
what he had said Mr B then tinned to the
Registei, for the debate of June 8th and 9th, when,
as the Senate would recollect, he spoke at large
on the question to engioss the bill he spoke the
afternoon of one dry and thefoienoon of the next
Of all this, about half a column is in the Register;
and even that a'tiibuttd to him things which he
had not said, and which he disdained the
second suppression was on the return of the bill
with the -veto message, when he again spoke the
