1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.

' io consider indemnity as worth nothing, then the
'business, I presume, is closed."
Again, same page: " The absolute want of value
in the prospect of indemnities."
From these  and  other like statements of the
negotiators of the treaty of September 30, 1800,
which was the  most favorable  for the United
States and its citizens that could be obtained, it is
evident that the treaty was negotiated on the basis
of a war; that this state of things had discharged
the French Government from all obligations to
make restitution for captures and seizures, as if
had the American Government from similar obli-
gations to France; and that, as a natural conse- '
quence, the American Ministers considered  the !
prospectof furtherindemnity to be worth nothing.
The character of the negotiation was this:
France was willing to consider that war had put
an end to all prior treaties, and of course to indem-
nities for their infraction. If the treaties were in
force, and indemnities for seizures and spoliations
were due to the Americans, so also something
was due to France from the United States for
their failure under the treaties. The result proved
that no indemnity could be obtained from France,
and therefore the negotiation terminated, on the
admission of both parties, that, as war existed, so
indemnity on all hands was abandoned.
Yet, in compliance with instructions from the
American Executive at home, the second section
of the treaty left the question of indemnity open,
or rather evaded the question. That section was
in the following words:
" Art. 2. The Ministers Plenipotentiary of
' the two parties, not being able to agree at pres-
' ent respecting the treaty of alliance of 6th of
' February, 1778, the treaty of amity and com-
' merce of the same date, and the convention of
' the 14th of November, 17S8, nor upon the in-
' demnities mutually due or claimed, the parties
' will negotiate further on these subjects at acon-
' venient time; and until they may have agreed
' upon these points, the said treaties and conven-
' tion shall have no operation; and the relations
' of the two countries rhall be regulated as fol-
'lows."
As the treaty was first concluded and ratified by
the French (government, including this second
article, all the objects of peace and reciprocal in-
tercourse were secured without giving up any
demand of our citizens for spoliations; and, at the
same time, an " immense property of our citizens
then depending before the French Council of
Prizes" was secured to American citizens.
The treaty or convention, duly signed, was sent
to the United States, and submitted by the Presi-
dent to the Senate. The Senate, February 3,
1801, consented to, and advised its ratification,
provided the second article be expunged, and the
following be added:
"It is agreed that the present convention shall
be in force for the term of eight years from the
time of the exchange of the ratification " It
was so ratified by the President.
Thus altered, the convention was sent back to
France, where the First Consul, complaining of
the alterations made by the Senate, agreed to
ratify it by adding the following clause:
" The Government of the United States having
' added to its ratification that the convention
' should be in force for the space of eight years,
' and having omitted the second article, the Gov-
' ernment of the French Republic consents to
'accept, ratify, and confirm.the above convention
' with the addition, importing that the convention
' shall be in force for the space of eight years,
'and with the retrenchment of the second arti-
'cle; provided that, by this retrenchment, the two
■ States renounce the respective pretensions which are
' the object of the said article."
After these conditional ratifications and their
exchange, President Jefferson submitted the con-
vention anew to the Senate, who resolved that
they consider it as fully ratified.
It is most obvious that, in expunging the sec-
ond article of the treaty, the Senate had no idea
of lessening the chance of securing anything that
might be legally due from France to citizens of
the United States; and it is equally obvious that,
in subsequently tacitly assenting to that article as
finally altered bv Bonaparte, neither President
Jefferson nor the'Senate of ■the United States for a
moment considered they were performing an act
which should thereafter make the American Gov-
ernment responsible to individuals for French
spoliations.
The act of expunging and otherwise changing
the article was performed in the last -month of
the elder Adams's administration. This first step
opemd the door for another change of the terms
of the treaty by Napoleon; and the new adminis-
tration of Mr. Jefferson, viewing even the terms
of the altered treaty as highly favorable to Amer-
ican citizens—more favorable, probably, than anv
new negotiation could open to them—readily
seized the opportunity of taking the treaty as
it was, rather than to throw all the advantages
gained at the mercy of future changes and vicis-
situdes.
Page 698 of the Senate Documents before
quoted, the French Minister,Talleyrand, repeats,
as the suggestion of Mr. Murray, the American
Minister, that the second article of the convention
of September, 1800, was expunged by the Amer-
ican Senate, under the idea that, if retained, it
would be " susceptible of producing disquiets in
' future, by promising noth mg but an ulterior and
'discordant negotiation." And Mr. Madison,
Secretary of State, in a letter'to Mr. Livingston,
before the Senate and President finally assented
to the convention, (page 708,) says: "I am au-
' thorized to state, that the President does not
' consider the declaratory clause (last introduced
' by Bonaparte) as more than a legitimate infei-
'ence from the rejection by the Senate of the
'second article; and that he (the President) is
' disposed to go on with the measures due under
' the compact to the French Republic."
The American Government dj,d go on to execute
that compact. March 20, 1801* the Secretary of
the Navy directed S. Iligginsou & Co. to restore
the Berceau frigate, captured by Captain Little.
The Vengeance and the Insurgente frigates were
also restored; the latter, having been lost, by
substitute. The convention provided for the
restoration of public ships taken on both sides—
also, that all ships and property captured, and
not definitively condemned at the time of the
negotiation, should be mutually restored. The
Government of the United States, as stated by
Mr. Madison, paid Mr. Pichón, the French
Minister, on the general account, £140,841 2o,
and to individual French subjects, $74,G07 41.
(See doc. p. 720.)
But France delayed restitution, although sol-
emnly bound by the convention of September 30,
1800, until the claims came to be thought of little
value' Applications for payment were often
made, and as often denied or evaded. Restitu-
tion was indeed made by the subsequent treaty
of 1803, by whicha title to Louisiana was acquired.
This lestitution would not,even then, have been
made, had it not come inconveniently to France,
as a part of the nominal price paid for the cession
of that valuable Territory. Of this price, Bona-
parte, deprived as he was of the maritime forces
to protect it, considered the money actually paid
as a full equivalent, without including the amount
allowed for spoliations under the convention of
1800. He, in fact, set Ins own price to his Min-
ister,'Barbe Marbois, at fifty millions of francs,
when the latter succeeded in obtaining of Messrs.
Livingston and Monroe sixty millions of francs
in cash, besides twenty millions, allowed for the
spoliations. It was considered at the time, that
all which was gained to the American claimants
for French spoliations and seizures in the Louis-
ianatreaty was to them clear gain. ' Their elaims
were believed to be hopeless; and the Opposition to
the American Administration opposed the execu-
tion of the treaty on account of the alleged " out-
rageous price" paid for the Territory ceded.
In the correspondence relative to the execution
of the Louisiana treaty ¡ the twenty millions of
francs allowed and paid the claimants are men-
tioned as " covering all the claims" of the Ameri-
cans for illegal spoliations and seizures; and m
these twenty millions other claims were included
than those first comprehended in the list pre-
sented by the American Minister. (See Talley-
rand's letter to Livingston, doc. p. 8'29.)
Mr. Livingston says, sixteen millions would
have covered " the debts confined to the words
of the convention." Four millions, then, must
have been paid to persons whose claims were not
acknowledged by France to be legitimate.
Citizen Pichón, the French Minister, wrote
that cases of capture by the French West India
cruisers are included in the fpurth article of the*
treaty, and are ordered to be restored.'
Barbé Marbois (doc. p. 826) says, " The sum
' of twenty millions of francs had been deteroi-
' incd on in order to extinguish the whole Jimeri-
' can claim, and the interest up to the day of the
'treaty."
The restitution of property under the conven-
tion of April 30, 1803, applied to captures of
which the council of prizes had ordered a restitu-
tion—to debts contracted prior to the 30th Sep-
tember, 1800, the payment of which had been
claimed of the Govemmmt of Fiance, and for
which the creditors have a right to the protection
of the Government of the Ui.Ued States; and it is
expressly stated that " it does not comprehend
prizes whose condemnation has been or shall be
confirmed."
Now, it is quite apparent from the face of these
exceptions, that they arc precisely such, as the
French Government never would have paid if they
had been left for negotiation till doomsday; they
were either such as had been adjudicated and
condemned for a positive infraction of the laws
of neutrality, or else they were such as were cap-
tured, tried, and condemned under an actual state
of war between the two nations.
It is remarkable that neither in the successive
reports, from 1826 down to the present time. of_
committees friendly to these claims, nor in the
elaborate essay of Mr. Walsh's Quarterly Re-
view in their favor, are the indemnities provided,
for in the convention of April, 1803., mentioned
as at all connected with the spoliations and seiz-
ures made by France prior to the year 1800.
Why this omission ?
1 think I have not mistaken the character of
the contest between this country and France prior
to the treaty of September 30, 1800. That con-
troversy was, to all intents and purposes, a war.
I cannot present a more faithful account of that
controversy and the subsequent events which have
given rise to the bill now before the Senate, than
by making quotations from the history of the
cession of Louisiana to the United States, written
by Barbé Marbois, the translation of which was
first published in this country in the year 1830.
That inflexible republican, like the illustrious
La Fayette, equally the friend of his own countrv
and of this Republic, still lives, at the advanced
age of between eighty and ninety years, to wit-,
ness the benefits his labors have bestowed on
mankind, in being instrumental in ceding to the
United States that extensive tiact of country.
In behalf of the French Government, he was
the sole negotiator with Messrs.^Livingston and
Monroe, of the Louisiana treaty. He says, (p.
234:)
" it is necessary to go back á fow years, in
' order to understand the object of this impoitaut
' part of the negotiation, [the indemnity for spo-
' liation.] The interests of commerce, colonial
' settlements, and navigation, have effected great
' changes in the reciprocal relations of the nations
' of Europe. The independence of the United
' States has rendered them still more complicated.
' But such changes are not often remarked by
' statesmen themselves, till they have committed
' great faults by persevering in old errors.
" The directory, led astray by false notions o'
' the situation of the French colonics, had not
' remarked that their existence depended upon the
' preservation of a good understanding with the
' United Stales. Instead of reestabhshingfriendly
' relations with the American Union, it had, after
' more than once putting: it in jeopardy, finally
' broken the alliance which had been the precious
' fruit of the policy of the councils of Louis XVI.
' Mutual discontent had not yet resulted m di-
' reet hostilities ; but oven ill peace captuies weie
' made by privateers, bearing the French flag,
' which became the subject of great complaints
' on the part of the United States. It was, like-
' wise, at this period that the first disasters of the
' French colonies led to the emigration of many
' families, who from great opulence had fallen
' into deep distress. Numbers of them took
' refuge in the United States. Never was hospi-
•tahty more nobly exercised than under these
' circumstances; never were more sincere and
' effectual consolations offered to misfortunes by
' a grateful people. This generosity towards
' refugees, the objects of the persecutions of the
' directory, was not regarded by its members as
