THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND  PUBLISHED   AT THE  CITY OF  WASH-INGTON,   BY BLAIR & RIVES.
Second Session, 23d Congress.
* enter into any agreement unless these claims-
' were provided for."
I have nowhere seen evidence that France, at
any time, conceded these claims to be just. The
statements of the Quarterly Review are fallacies.
Was not the refusal to pay them—was not the
first ratification of the treaty with the second ar-
ticle by Bonaparte, which made no provision for
payment, tantamount to a denial and a rejection
of these claims ? To be sure. France would have
no objection to making provision for the payment
of just such a sum as the American Government
might ask for these claims, provided the United
States would agree to pay France an equal or
greater sum for alleged infractions of prior trea-
ties; and this is the whole amount of conces-
sion which France has ever made to these claim-
ants.
If these claims, as preferred against the United
States, possess any merit, it is that the United
States have received of France for them an equiv-
alent. The equivalent is alleged to be the dis-
charge, by France, of the prior obligations con-
tained in sundry recited treaties.
One gentleman [Mr. Webster] says that, " by
' a treaty of the-United States, the Government
' of the United States, for a valuable consideration,
' released France from these claims"—that the
United States were relieved from " onerous stip-
ulations of the treaties of alliance and commerce
with France of 1778"—that " these claims were
relinquished for considerations which were valu-
able to the whole people of the United States"—
that these claims were " released as a set-ofl'
against the infractions of the treaties of alliance
and commerce with France."
Another Senator [Mr. Preston] says this claim
on the American Government " is irresistible,"
because, by the aid of the release of the claims on
France, " the American Government extricated
itself from the most embarrassing circumstances"
—that "this Government offered three times the
amount of this bill to be relieved"—that "we
have used the property of these people for pur-
poses of the Government"—that " we have used
the money for State purposes."
A third Senator [Mr. Shepley] says he " can
' prove that the Government might have obtained
' reparation for these claims of France if it had
' chosen todoso"—that'payment wasnotobtained
" because France set up counter claims for al-
leged violations of her treaty of alliance''—that
" there cannot be found a more perfect set-off than
in the set-off of these two claims."
The Senators may all rest assured, that if these
claims had neverexisted, in negotiating the treaty
of September 30,1800, France never would have
thought of preferring a claim for any inflection of
her treaties of alliance and commerce. Neither,
if these claims had not been made, should we
ever have heard that the contest subsequent to the
act of Congress declaring the treaties at an end
was not war to all intents and purposes. Why,
Congress, by a solemn act, declared the treaties
of alliance and commerce to have been at au.und;
and yet gentlemen, to make out any plausibility
to these claims of the United States, are obliged
to declare those treaties to have been in force,
Mr. President, I will proceed to show thauhero
was no infraction of the treaties by the United
States; that there were no '• onerous stipulations"
violated by this Government; and by consequence,
that there was no '< valuable consideration" ever
received by the United States as a set-off against
these claims.
" Pacifieus," No. 2, written by Alexander
Hamilton, (and surely gentlemen will consider
him good authority,) in justification of President
Washington's proclamation of neutrality, of
April, 1793, says, (Federalist, p, 561;)
" The alliance between the United States and
«France is of the defensive kind, in the caption
« of the ti eaty it is denominated a' treaty eventual
'and defensive.' In the body (article second)
< it is called a defensive alliance. The words oí
' that article are as follows: ' The essential and
• direct end of the present defensive alliance is to
MONDAY, DECEMBER 29,-1834.
Volume 2....No. 5.
* main tain effectually the liberty, sovereignty, and
'independence, absolute and unlimited, of the
' United States, as well in matters of government
' as of commerce.'
"France then being on the offensive in the
' present war, and our alliance with her being
' defensive only, it follows that the casus federis, or
'condition of our guarantee, cannot take place;
' and that the United States are free to refuse a
'peiformance of that guarantee, if demanded."
General Hamilton contends that, even if the
war with Great Britain had not been an offensive
war on the part of France, the United States,
under the peculiar circumstances, would not have
been bound by the guarantee. In favor of this
position he says, (page 570:)
" We may learn from Vattel, one of the best
' writers on the law of nations, that ' if a State
' which has promised succors, finds itself unable
' to furnish them, its very inability is its exemp-
tion; and if the furnishing of succors would cx-
' pose it to an evident danger, this is also a lawful
' dispensation. The case would render the treaty
' pernicious to the State, and thereforemot oblig-
' atory. But this applies to an imminent danger
' threatening the safety of the State. The case of
1 such a danger is tacitly and necessarily reserved
' in every treaty.' "
Taking this quotation from Vattel to be sound
doctrine, it would be difficult to discover where
were the " onerous stipulations" from "which the
United States obtained a discharge, by not con-
senting to piosecute claims which the American
Ministers had in repeated instances pronounced
to be hopeless, and of no value.
Even Mr. Madison, in his letters of " Helvid-
ius," who espoused the side of the Republican
party, at that time m opposition to and in answer
of the same letters of Hamilton, and took the
ground most favorable to France, did not contend
that the United States had violated the guarantee
in the treaty oí alliance by abstaining from the
protection of the possession by France of her
VVest India Islands, &c. Indeed, it does not
appear, either here or elsewhere, that France at
any time specifically demanded the performance
of the guarantee; and without such demand.it
is abundantly evident no obligation was violated.
What was complained of by the Republicans
who were friendly to the French revolution at the
time, was the spirit of hostility to that revolution,
and the partiality for the Powers arrayed against
France, then contending single-handed, which
was evinced by some of the leading members of
the existing American Administration.
" Veritas," a writer in the National Gazette
of June, 1703, speaking of Washington's procla-
mation of neutrality, says:
" As the proclamation has not the most distant
' allusion to the treaties existing between France
' and the United States, there is room for sunnis-
' ing that those treaties, from which wc have long
' enjoyed important advantages, are now to be
' considered, of no obligation; and this, I believe,
' is the light in which many have construed the
* proclamation."
Washington's proclamation was indeed worse
than anything charged at the time by its enemies,
if it could be supposed that it placed the United
, States in the plight of having violated her most
! solemn treaty engagements; and she must have
I so violated them, under this proclamation, if the
! allegations be true that she was, by the treaty of
i September 30, 1800, " extricated from the most
i embarrassing circumstances," as is contended by
i one Senator, [Mr. Preston,] or if in that treaty
| we received that " valuable i onsideration'' in full
i relief from " onerous stipulations," as is con-
! tended by another, [Mr. Webster.]
! Dunlap's Daily Advertiser, published at Phila-
: delphia, of April 2'.), 1793, says:
j " The (French) National Assembly, in their
' ' letter to Monsieur Genet, if we have a true copy,
i < appear to entertain the idea that we are not so
j ' situated as to be expected to participate in the
| ' war. The Government of France have not made
! ' any requisition of the kind that we know."
A writer in the same paper, June 10, says t
" There is not a single article in either of those
' (treaties) subsisting between the United States
' and France, wherein it is stipulated that we
' shall join France in case she shall be involved
' in war. The clause of guarantee implies notan
'agreement to enter into war, but only that the
' United States shall use their reasonable endeav-
' ors to maintain the French in their possessions ."
Same paper: "Now, sir, this same minister,
' (Genet) told you, on his arrival, that it was not
' the wish of the nation he represents to involve
' us in the war."
Mr. Jefferson, in a letter, August 1G, 1793,
says that Citizen Genet assured the President,
assured the citizens of Philadelphia, and repeated
this assurance, "that on account of our remote
' situation and other circumstances, France did
' not expect that we should become a parly to the war,
' but wished to see us pursue our prosperity and
' happiness in peace."
The French Minister who negotiated the Louis-
iana treaty confesses that France first broke the
alliance between the two countries; and even the
duarteriy Review says France armed against
us, and seized immense amounts of our property,
and was the first to violate existing treaties. And
yet it was our violation of existing treaties that
constitutes our obligation to her for the payment
of which these claims are urged to be an offset!
The convention of September 3Ü, 1800, removed
the evils of war which then existed; and this was
the first object of that convention on the part of
the United States. The American negotiators
wished indemnity for all spoliations that took place
prior to the several acts of Congress which au-
thorized the capture and condemnation of French
i ships and property on the high seas, and which
declared all existing treaties .between the two
countries to be at an end; and they made a dis-
tinction between the claims originating before,
and those arising after, the act of Congress nulli-
fying the treaties with France; but the French
envoys would consent to no distinction.
The first project of a treaty exhibited by the
American envoys proposed that "full and com-
plete compensation" should be made for captures
on both sides. Now, if the American Govern-
ment is bound to make compensation to Amer-
icans because France was bound, arid she stands
in the place of France, on account of the alleged
offset, is not the American Government also bound
likewise to make restitution to Frenchmen for its
own captures? The Senate report of May 24,
1828, admits that eighty-four French ships were
captured by the Americans, of which sixty-eight
(valued at $(¡00,000) were condemned—one half
to the captors, the other to the United Stales.
Was this property ever restored to France ? If
not, will it not be the duty of France to claim it,
and our duty to pay it,'after this Government
shall have stood in her place to make restitution
for the property she has taken from American
citizens under like circumstances?
It is said our Government appropriated these
claims to us own use, by making them the " val-
uable consideration" fo.- which it obtained a re-
lease from the obligations incurred by the early
treaties with France; but it n evident, from the
fact that the treaty vas fully ratified on the part of
France, without a discharge of the claims, that the
| French Government placed no value whatever on the
I nominal obligations of the American Government,
I contained in those ancient treuhes.
!      Considering that the United States violated no
! obligation to  France, and that, if there was any
I violation, ¡t was on the part of France, who first
' broke the alliance, where will the principle lead,
j if the American Government now makes restitu-
| tion for the remaining claims on  France, that
I were not provided for in the convention of 1800,
1 and secured to be paid in the convention of 1603?
' If, by consenting no further to urge that poition
of the claims which the French Government would
1 never have allowed, this Government has become
i responsible itself for the claims—if, to purchase
ii peace, and secure other claims to the amount of
