1834.                                   THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                       *ífc
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland;
Mr. POPE, of Kentucky;
Messrs. STANDEFEItand BELL, (Speaker,)
of Tennessee;
Mr. LYON, of Michigan j
Mr. WHITE, of Florida;
Mr. WISE, of Virginia;
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD, of North Carolina;.
Which petitions and memorials were appropri-
ately referred.
The. SPEAKER presented the following me-
morial, being the same as that presented by Mr.
Lyon, of Michigan:
Executive Office,
Detroit, December 12, 1834.
Sir: In obedience to a request of the Legisla-
tive Council of the Territory of Michigan, I have
the honor to transmit to you a memorial of that
body, praying the establishment of a separate
territorial government for the district of country
west of Lake Michigan.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
most obedient servant,
STEVENS T. MASON.
Hon. John Bell,
Speaker of the H.R. United Slates.
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United Slates in Congress assembled:
At an extra session of the Legislative Council
of the Territory of Michigan, held on the first
Monday of September last, pursuant to an act of
Congress of the 30th of June, 1S34, an act was
passed to provide for the taking a census of the
inhabitants of that part of the Territory of Mich-
igan which is situated to the eastward "of the
Mississippi vivcr.
This duty has been performed by the sheriffs
of the several counties, under oath, and nearly in
the same manner as that which has been hereto-
fore adopted by the General Government to obtain
an enumeration of the citizens of the United
States.
The population is found to amount to ninety-
two thousand six hundred and seventy-three
souls.
The counties situated upon the peninsula, and
those lying north and west of Lake Michigan,
contain the following numbers:
Wayne.........16,638 Jackson..........1,865
Washtenaw____14,920 Berrien...........1,787
Oakland........13,844 Calhoun.........1,714
Monroe........8,542 Branch...........   764
Lenaive........7,911 Michilimackinac..   891
Macomb........ 6,055 Chippewa........   526
Cass...........3,280 Brown...........1,957
St. Joseph......3,168 Crawford........   810
Kalamazoo ..... 3,124 Iowa............2,633
St. Clair........2,244
In this enumeration, the inhabitants of the
country which is situated between the Mississippi
and Missouri rivers, and which was, for the pur-
pose only of temporary government, attached to
the Territory of Michigan at the last session of
Congress, is not embraced. They may be justly
estimated at from five to eight thousand souls.
The population of Western Michigan (now
generally known as the Wisconsin Territory)
may be stated at from twelve to fifteen thousand.
And we would again respectfully ask of your hon-
orable body to hear their complaints, and to grant
to them speedily the relief for which they pray.
The country inhabited by that people has been
subjected, at various times, to different, govern-
ments; but on all occasions the promise seems
to have been held out to them, that their subjec-
tion to those governments should be but tempo-
rary. So remote, indeed, have been the scats of
those governments, that it is believed neither the
laws of the United States nor of any Territory.
actually had force west of Lake Michigan until
after the year 1820. About that time a justice
of the peace or notary public might be seen
claiming and exercising his office there under a
commission from the King of Prance.
The inhabitants between Lake Michigan and
the Mississippi have almost every year since
their subjection to the government of Michigan,
in the year 1818, complained to Congress of the
great evils under which they were suffering in
-consequence of this connection. They are sep-
arated from the great majority of the inhabitants
of the Territory by one of the largest lakes upon
this continent; and it must obviously be very dif-
ficult, if not impracticable, to communicate with
them during one half of the year.
Their pursuits in life are also as widely differ-
ent as their inhabitants are distant.
It is supposed that a very large proportion of
the country which lies between Lake Superior,
Green Bay, and the Fox, Wisconsin, and Missis-
sippi rivers, must continue for many years, as it
is now, the hunting-grounds of uncivilized Indian
tribes.
South of the Wisconsin river, and within this
Territory, and also in the counties of Dubuque
and Demoine, westof theMississippi, are situated
the very extensive and valuable lead mines of the
United States. The miners are the immediate
tenants of the Government, pursuing a very labo-
rious and hazardous business, and payingtheir
rent to it as to a landlord. It is presumed 'they
are, forthese reasons, entitled to its special atten-
tion and protection. They compose more than
two thirds of the population of that part of the
Territory, and they reside upwards of six hun-
dred miles (some as much as nine hundred miles)
from the seat of territorial government.
The judiciary system in that section of the Ter-
ritory, likewise, is so weak and inefficient, that
the laws afford little or no protection to the vir-
tuous, nor docs their prompt and energetic ad-
ministration deter the vicious.
It is feared by that people, that these, and even
greater, evils are about to be entailed upon them
and their country fort ever by the formation of a
State government by the eighty-seven thousand
two hundred and seventy-three people inhabiting
the peninsula of Michigan, and the counties north
of the peninsula, for the whole of the Territory
which lies north of the line drawn cast through the
southerly bend of Lake Michigan.
It is to this unnatural union, so prejudicial to
the best interests of the inhabitants of Western
Michigan, and destructive to (heir rights as
; American citizens, your memorialists would rc-
j spectfully call the attention of your honorable
body; and they do respectfully ask, on behalf of
the citizens of the whole Territory, that Congress
will, at its present session, establish a territorial
government for the citizens inhabiting the terri-
tory lying west of a line drawn through the middle
of Lake Michigan to. the northern extremity, and
thence north to the boundary line of the United
States.
Your memorialists respectfully refer to the act
to provide for taking a census of the inhabitants
of Michigan, passed by the Council, September
C, 1834, together with the aggregate returns of
the census taken under the said act, copies of
which said documents, duly certified by the sec-
retary of the Territory, are herewith presented
to your honorable body.
Resolved, That his Excellency the acting Gov-
ernor be, and he is hereby, requested to transmit
copies of the preceding memorial to the President
of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and to the Delegate in Congress from
this Territory.
Council Chamber,
Detroit, December 12, 1834.
JOHN MeDONELL,
President of the Legislative Council.
John Norvell, Secretary.
VOTING VIVA VOCE.
Mr. REYNOLDS offered the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies over one day:
Resolved, That, hereafter, in all elections made
by the House of Representatives for officers, the
votes shall be given viva voce, each member m his
place naming aloud the person for whom he votes.
MICHAEL HENRY.
Mr. FORESTER, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the rel¡"f of the heirs
of Michael Henry, deceased; which was read
twice, and committed.
HONORS TO  LA FAYETTE.
The joint resolution fixing a day, &c, for the
delivery of an address by John  Q,uincy Adams
on the life and character of La Fayette, was con-
curred in.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolutions, submitted yesterday
were taken up and agreed to:
By Mr. HUBBARD:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury-
be directed to communicate to this House copies
of any correspondence which has taken place be-
tween himself or any of his predecessors in office
since 1834, as far as practicable, with any of the
officers of the Bank of the United States, or of
any of its branches, which may have any relation
to the claim of the United States against the Bank
of Columbia, and to communicate his opinion as
to the probability of collecting the balance, or
any part thereof, now due from the Bank of
Columbia to the United States.
By Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House such
information as he may have, and which, in his
opinion, may be proper to be communicated, and
not incompatible with the public interest, show-
ing the steps which have been taken and the
progress which has been made in effecting an
adjustment and satisfaction of the claims of
American citizensupon the Mexican Government.
NORTHEASTERN BOUNDARY.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Lincoln, was taken up:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States be requested to lay before this House (if,
in his opinion, it is not incompatible with the
public interest) any communication which may
have been had between the Government of the
United States and that of Great Britain, since the-
rejection, by the former, of the advisory opinion
of the Kinx of the Netherlands, in reference to the
establishment and final settlement of the north-
eastern boundary of the United States, heretofore
in controversy between the two Governments.
And that he also be requested to communicate
any information he may possess of the exercise
of practical jurisdiction by the authorities of the
British province of New Brunswick over the dis-
puted territory within the limits of the State of
Maine, according to the true line of boundary as
claimed by the United States, and especially upon
that pan of the territory which has been incor-
porated by the government of Maine into the
town of Madawaska, together with such repre-
sentations and correspondence (if any) as have
been had by the Executive of that State with the
Government of the United States on the subject.
Mr. PARKS, of Maine, said that, as the reso-
lution was one particularly interesting to the
State of Maine, and as no member of the dele-
gation from that State, in either branch of Con-
gress, had thought it necessary to call for inform-
ation on that subject, he asked the honorable
.gentleman from Massachusetts what was his ob-
ject in making the call, and more especially as
regarded what was embraced in the two last parts
of the resolution.
Mr. LINCOLN said it would afford him pleas-
ure to respond to the inquiry of the gentleman.
The subject involved in the motion he had sub-
mitted was one of deep interest to the people of
Massachusetts, and he would be faithless to his
trust were he to suffer any opportunity to pass
to maintain and vindicate that iuteiest. • By the
actof Massachusetts, whereby Maine had become
a separate and independent State, there was a res-
ervation of a right to enjoy in common a moiety
of the proceeds of the rales of unappropriated and
uncultivated lands, situated within the boundary
of the new State, amounting to about five mil-
lions of acres.    The British Government had set
up a strong pretension to these lands under the
treaty of 1783, in which Massachusetts was so
largely interested.    The matter in dispute was
finally referred to the arbitrament of the King of
the Netherlands, who had mciely indicated an
opinion  adverse  to the  interests of Maine and
Massachusetts.   This opinion produced great ex-
citement in the two States.    The Legislature of
! Maine protested againstit in strong language, and
! sent a commissioner to the Legislature of Massa-
1 chusetts, (who is now a member of this House,
Mr. Parks,) calling upon that State to stand by
! her in preventing this encroachment upon her ter-
1 ritory and sovereignty. Massachusetts did pledge
her faith, that in "all "times and all circumstances
r she would stand by Maiue'in opposition to tins
¡ decision of the King of the Netherlands, which,
¡ if carried into effect, would operate as a transfer
! of the citizens of a free country to the dominion
