1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
"75
not think that because Massachusetts held an in-
ti-it/st in the. propeity within the territory in
dispute with Gnat Britain, she liad any right to
interfere, and he had also stepped aside to assail
the manner in which this right of property was
acquired !>y Massachusetts. The separation of
Mame from Massachusetts was a matter of com-
piomise. There were a great many individuals
i:i the present State of Maine who were opposed
to the separation, because, perhaps, they were
unwilling to part with t.ie preponderating politi-
cal influence of Massachusetts. His colleague
was among the number who were decidedly op-
posed to the separation.
Mr. PARKS again rose in explanation. He
opposed the terms of separation, because the new
State was required to surrender to Massachusetts
so much of her territory, and not in consequence
of any political consideration.
Mr. EVANS said he accepted the explanation.
He did not pretend to know the precise motives
which liad actuated his colleague, and he begged
his pardon if lie had mistaken them.
But his colleague had argued that this cal! for
information was unnecessary, inasmuch as no
legislative action was contemplated, or could
necessarily grow tmt of it. How does he know
this' If it should turn out that the Government
of Great Bntain was exercising practical juris-
diction within the territory in dispute, contrary
to a positive pledge to refrain from any such as-
sumption, might not legislation on our part very
properly flow from such a course of proceedings'>
Mr. E. proceeded, at some length, to examine
the history of the negotiations with Great Britain
in relation to the matter in dispute, and contended
that Massachusetts held such an interest in the de-
cision of the subject, as would completely justify
her in inquiring what was the present state of
these negotiations. For aughl she kno%vs, a prop-
osition might be made by the British Government
to pay a sum in money for the lands in dispute;
and if so, had not that State a right to inquire
what disposition had been, or was to be, made of
this raoney? He could not see how Maine could
be degraded by such a step on the part of Massa-
chusetts. Perhaps his colleagues had some knowl-
edge touching the present state of the negotiations
on the subject. He had none. He desired to
have this information—-he wished to know
whether the negotiation was resumed upon a
basis which would satisfy Maine? On this sub-
ject his colleague seemed content—he was not.
Jt was true that Maine had been very quiescent
for some time past. There had been no minister
in London (where the negotiations were pend-
ing) for about two years and a half. For sev-
eral years this boundary question had formed a
most exciting topic in Maine. Latterly there had
been great apathy—hardly a whisper was heard.
Those who formerly spoke the most and the
loudest on this subject had become perfectly calm
and indifferent.
In conclusion, Mr. E. said that this was a
question in which the whole Union should feel
interested. The disputed territory,-although a
part of the State of Maine, was also a part of the
United Slates, and lie could see no impropriety
in a member from any other State proposing a
' call for information upon a subject in which the
nation generally was concerned.
Mr. LINCOLN said, that from the admonition
lie had received from the first member from Maine
[Mr. Parks] who had addressed the House, it
might hereafter be a question of consideration
how far it would be pioper for him to submit a
proposition here without first seeking a confer-
ence with that gentleman. He offered, as an
apology for what had been termed a gratuitous
interference with the affairs of Maine, the pecu-
liar interest which Massachusetts possessed in
the subject. The member from Maine had evaded
the true question, and had referred to motives.
His motives m offering the resolution were of a
most disenterested character. But the gentleman
iiad complained of the terms upon which Maine
had become an independent State. Was that
complaint just? He thought not. Massachu-
setts, prjor to the separation, was a first-rate
State in point of population and territory, and by
the act of separation she was, in this particular,
only a third-rate State. Was it, therefore, un-
reasonable that she should seek to retain a part
of the waste and uncultivated lands within the
boundary of the new State; to be disposed of for
her peculiar benefit! Was that derogatory to
her? Were not similix terms exacted upon the ad-
mission of the oth-r States into the Union? Had
not Massachusetts as much right to claim this
reservation as had the United States to retain
wild and uncultivated lands, subject to her future
disposition, upon the formation of a new and in-
dependent State? This was no new principle.
It was the first time that he had heard Massa-
chusetts accused of having agreed to the separa-
tion by imposing hard and "unfair terms upon
Maine. There was a time, and there was record
evidence of the fact, that quite a different feeling
pi evaded.
Mr. L. was at a loss to perceive any objection
which could be pr .perly urged against the pro-
posed call for information. The subject to which
it had reference involved interests of great mag-
nitude. No less than five million acres of land,
worth about $15,01X1,00!), were in dispute. The
question relative to French spoliations was of
far less importance, and even that question was
now agitating the whole country. It had been
urged that Massachusetts could obtain the desired
information thiough her land agents in Maine.
This was a mistike. They could not obtain it.
Besides, they might be arrested by the British
.«.-itho'-ities. The gentleman said that no legisla-
tion was to follow upon the reception of this in-
formation. Who authorized lum to make any
such assertion ? But it was contended that it was
derogatory to go to the Department here for the
correspondence with the Government of Mame;
and it was asked why we do not seek it by ap-
plying'to the latter? There was a reason why
Massachusetts should not apply to Maine for in-
formation. The gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Parki] was appointed a commissioner to seek the
aid of Massachusetts in preventing a surrender
of this disputed territory. Massachusetts did
pledge herself to stand by Maine ill this contro-
versy. Whatshorlly followed this pledge? Why,
tile Legislature of Maine, with closed doors, re-
ceived a proposition to surrender to the Genera!
Government the whole territory m dispute, to be
negotiated away for money, and this, too, with-
out informing Massachusetts that she had taken
such a step. But this call did not propose to go
back that far in the history of the transaction,
and the gentleman need not fear that anything
would be furnished connected with the proceed-
ings to which he had just referred. He intended
no indignity to the government of Maine by his
resolution. He had proposed a simple call for
information which might be given, if not incom-
patible with the public interest. He thought it
important to the interests of those he represented
that this information should be obtained, and it
was with that view that he had submitted the
motion.
Mr. FOSTER, in addressing the House, re-
marked that it was very annoying to be engaged
in, or to interfere with, family quarrels; but the
position taken and ailtrsions made by various
members would justify "a few remarks from him.
He could see no positive impropriety in the call
on the President for information proposed in the
resolution. There appeared to him just as much
propriety in a call upon the President for inform-
ation in regard to a negotiation between the State
of Maine and the General Government, as if that
negotiation were pending between the latter and a
foreign Power. If this call had been made upon
the Slate of Maine, it would, of course, have been
inadmissible; and if gentlemen had called upon
him for his opinion upon that point it would
freely have been given. The jurisdiction of the
Federal courts was operative in Mame as m other
States. After a few other remarks, (inaudible to
the reporter,) Mr. F. said he heard from gentle-
men on that floor words like " the free, sovereign,
and independent State of Maine." It was music
to his ears, and sounded like the harbinger of the
final predominance of correct principles. Itlooked
as if Maine, at least, was not only assenting to,
but about again enjoying, her sovereign and in-
alienable State rights. Mr. F. said it would be
remembered that he had, at a former period, had
occasion to broach this doctrine on that floor;
and he rejoiced to hear it boldly proclaimed there,
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Evans,] that
the General Government of the United States
possessed no power to dispose of any part of the
territory of his State; and that, if that General
Government did so, the act would be null, uncon-
stitutional, and void. This vei y principle {said Mr.
F.) has heretofore been prostrated by the force
of—a name. Ho would gladly, on all*occasions,
stand by the State of Maine, when she asserted
these principles, so vitally important in the pres-
ervation of our free institutions. An allusion had
been made to the fact, that Maine had sent a
minister plenipotentiary to Massachusetts to
negotiate m reference to her rights. This was all
considered perfectly justifiable on the part of
Maine; but how long was it since another State
was sneered at for a similar act? He held, that
the States, in their individual and sovereign
capacities, had the right of treating with each
other by ministers, delegates, or otherwise. He
referred to the resolutions passed some four or
five years ago by the Legislatures of Maine and
of Massachusetts on this northern boundary and
State rights question. He hailed them, and he
hoped they would long be hailed,as burning and
shining lights to govern other States who were
seeking and struggling for their rights—those
I rights which were never delegated, and which
I were inherent only in themselves. He would warn
¡ such States, that in these principles was the rock
of their political salvation; and he rejoiced to see
them spreading from one end of the Union to the
other. He concluded by hoping that all opposi-
tion to the adoption of the resolution would be
withdrawn.
Mr. G1LLET here moved to lay the resolution
on the table; which he afterwards modified by a
call for the orders of the day.
The question on this motion was decided in
the negative—ayes 09, noes 70.
Mr: SMITH said, if he were influenced by the
feelings, or some of the prominent considerations
which had been expressed by his honorable col- .
league who had last spoken, [Mr. Evans,] in
relation to the resolution of the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, he certainly could not
feel justified in giving the vote which his honor-
able colleague hod indicated that he should give,
nor in entertaining the conclusions which he does
upon this subject.
The House will remark, sir, that my colleague
commenced his observations with an expression
of entire indifference as to the fate of the resolu-
tion which the gentleman from Massachusetts
has offered. Sir, were I indifferent to a resolu-
tion, involving matters of such vast importance
to the people of Maine, being one of her Repre-
sentatives, 1 could not vote in favor of it.
But the gentleman next said, that he does not
think anything can come out of the resolution if
passed; that he has no idea that the Executive
will answer it, or will answer it in any other way
than by saying, that he lias no information that
can bo communicated relative to the subject-mat-
ter of this resolution, without prejudice to the
pending negotiation. Sir, if I entertained this
conviction, I certainly should feel myself warring
with my sense of duty to vote in favor of the reso-
lution. Why pass it with such an expectation ?
. Again the gentleman says, that he very much
questions the propriety of the Executive's expos-
ing the correspondence and other documents in-
volved in the subject-matter of this resolution at
the present time, and while the negotiation is
pending between this Government and Great
Britain. Sir, could a better reason be given than
such a conviction, to justify and demand that gen-
tleman's vote against the resolution ' I confess I
am unable to conceive of a stronger motive for
opposing the resolution than the gentleman him-
self has thus avowed. And yet lie expresses his
determination to vote in favor, and advocates the
adoption, of the resolution!
Sir, the gentleman has further told the House,
and in this I think him correct to a considerable
extent—that great apathy now prevails in Maine
upon this subject. It is so, in one point of view.
And is n ot this another most satisfactory argu-
ment against the adoption of the resolution?
Why force such a call upon the Executive at this
time, if the people themselves, who are immedi-
ately interested, are not anxious upon the sub-
ject ? I repeat, sir, that if I were governed only
by the arguments which the gentleman's own
remarks furnish upon this subject, I could not
with him vote in favor of the resolution. But it
is true, there is a degree of apathy in Maine, and
