76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 24,
with the people of Maine, upon this subject, at
the present time. Sir, the people of Maine take
a proper view of its situation. They consider it in
hands which are bound to control it; they consider
it as still under negotiation, and in a state of pro-
gression. And while it is so, they do not desire
to interpose obstacles to its right termination,
nor to prejudice its progress. My colleague, as
well as the gentleman from Massachusetts,
knows, that the negotiation upon this subject is
still pending between our Government and that
of Great Britain, for the fact has been so an-
nounced in the opening message of the President
to Congress atits present session, and the gentle-
man from Massachusetts has read to the House
that part of the message.
But, say, my honorable colleague, [Mr. Evans,]
two years and a half have elapsed without any
minister of this Government at the Court of the
British Government to attend to this negotiation.
Sir, this is true; but (said Mr. S.) I am greatly
surprised that my honorable colleague should
have mentioned this fact, either as a reproach
upon the Executive of this nation, or a reason
why this resolution for information should now
pass. Whose fault has it been, lot me ask, during
these two years and a half to. which the gentle-
man alludes, that our Government has been thus
long without a representative in England? Has
it been the fault of the Executive of this nation?
or of the State of Mame, or rather, I should ask,
lias it been the fault of the people of Maine?
Does not my honorable colleague, as well as the
honorable mover of this resolution, know full
well, that two attempts have certainly been made
by the Executive of this nation to have our Gov-
ernment represented at the British Court, and that,
it is no fault of his that the interests of Maine and
Maseachusetts have not been attended to there?
Sir, let rae tell my colleague, and this House also,
that the people of Maine understand right well,
and most correctly, as I believe, that the want
of a national representative at the British Court
on the part of our Government, during those two
and a half years past, has operated as a most
«erious, if not principal, obstacle in the adjust-
ment of this most important boundary question,
in winch Mame is so deeply interested. They
Bndersluud, also, that in this omission to be so
represented abroad, the national Executive is
freo of all blainc, and that upon other heads the
censure should fall.
Sir, (continued Mr. S.,) I can see no practical
good to be accomplished by tins resolution. 1 am
equally ignorant, with the mover of it, and with
my colleague, of the nature of any information
which the Executive can possessupon thesubject,
proper to be communicated to this House,'and
to the public, at this time. The negotiation is
pending still. But the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts says that .Suite is deeply interested
in the negotiation; that Maine has heretofore
sought the aid'of Massachusetts in tins matter,
and that Massachusetts freely pledged herself to
Maine, and most solemnly to stand by her, and
help to inaintain her rights m this controversy,
at all times and undei all circumstances. And
the gentleman here declares, that Massachusetts
has been true to her pledges thus given, and he
here renews those pledges of continued fidelity in
every event to come. And it is with reference to
the alleged interest of that State on this subject,
to her past pledges and .support of Maine, and to
her pledges of continued fidelity, he has offered a
resolution calling for certain information touching
the immediate rigbts and interests of Maine, with"
outintendingtiny disrespectto anyone. This call
is also made subject tr^the very proper condition
which I will regard as "marie in sincerity, that the
Piesideut shall" communicate only such inform-
ation, if any, as cannot prejudice "the negotiation
that is now pending. Sir, all this implies a sus-
picion that there may be information' possessed
by the Executive upon the subject-matter of the
negotiation, which the President will think pioper
to communicate to this House and to the public
at this time. I cannot conceive of its being so.
I do not believe it is so. But, as the gentleman
from Massachusetts thinks otherwise, and is anx-
ious to be informed how the fact is—as he alleges
the deep interest of his State in the matter—as he
has recapitulated her past pledges to Maine, and
asserts her constant fidelity to them, and now
renews them m the most solemn manner, to stand
by Maine in this controversy under all circum-
stances—as he is willing to appeal to the discre-
tion of the Executive upon the propriety of com-
municating at this time either more or less, or
none at all,,of the supposed information upon the
subject; and as he (Mr. S.) also had entire-con-
fidence in the discretion of the President to com-
municate the documents sought, if any there be,
or to withhold them, as the interests of Maine,
Massachusetts, and the nation may, in his opin-
ion require, he (Mr. S.) would, from these insin-
uations alone, if the gentleman from Massaclra-
I setts persists in crowding his resolution upon the
Executive at this time, vote for its passage. But
(said Mr. S.) I protest against the idea that there
is anything in the possession of the Executive in
oonnection with this matter thatcould, if all wore
made known to the world, do dishonor to Maine
or to the national Government. The only rea-
son existing at the presenttime, of which he could
I conceive, why the whole correspondence and
documents relating to the matter might not be
properly spread before this House and before the
woild at the present time is, that a negotiation
upon the subject of them is still pending between
our Government and a foreign Government, and
that this negotiation may be greatly prejudiced
by such a premature publication. In all other
respects, I have no fears whatever. There is no
concealment and no disguise upon the matter,
i which is not for the common benefit 6f all the
States in the Union—all of which are interested
in the pending negotiation.
As to the interference, sir, of Massachusetts
with the affairs of Maine, and upon which one
of my honorable colleagues has expressed him-
self iti terms that he feels to be justly merited, I
have not (said Mr. S.) much c>f feeling. The
contrary winds—the counter winds—the political
trade, winds of Massachusetts, which arc felt oc-
casionally sweeping over the affairs of Maine,
like the counter and trade winds which are met
with upon the natural ocean, serve a most salu-
tary purpose. They admonish the yeomanry of
Maine, with great accuracy, of the direction in
which their true interests are to be pursued. And
so long as Massachusetts will keep up this sort
of inteiest, Maine will continue to be found, as
she has been for years past, true to her real in-
terests and principles. Sir, 1 am not sure, never-
theless, that there would not have been more
propriety, and more of honorable cotutesy, on
tln> part of the gentleman from Massachusetts in
this matter, if he had consulted with at least a
portion of the delegation from Maine in relation
to his resolution, before having proposed it. I
did suppose, sir, that the honorable gentleman
could have, found on?, certainly, of that delega-
tion in whom he could have reposed confidence
upon the matter. But even that one of my honor-
able colleagues entirely disclaims all knowledge
of the honorable mover's intentions, before the
resolution was offered; and the gentleman from
.Massachusetts admits, in fact, that he consulted
none of the delegation from Maine in relation to
tt. To me, sir, it seems that, in a matter of this
character, there would have been more of courtesy
if the gentleman from Massachusetts had adopted
a different course. I have not, however, on ac-
count of this, any strong feelings. But regarding
the disposition and pledges of the State of "Massa-
chusetts upon this boundary question—regarding
what she is said to have done, and is willing to
do, with Maine in relation to it hereafter—and
altogether repudiating the idea that there is any-
thing in this whole subject-matter which need be
concealed, except upon the ground that the nego-
tiation upon it is still pending between our Gov-
ernment and Great Britain—regarding, moreover,
| the gentleman's assurance, which is very prop-
j erly embodied in his resolution, that he seeks
I nothing which the President may not deem alto-
] getlicr proper to be communicated at this time, I
| am willing, for one, that his resolution should
pass.
Mr. EVANS replied. He said his surprise
now was, that his colleague [Mr. Smith] should
take exceptions to the motives under the influence
of which he was disposed to vote for the resolu-
tion, when the gentleman himself avows an inten-
tion to vote with him. That gentleman was wel-
come to the benefit of the reasons which might
induce him to support the resolution, and'he
claimed the same indulgence for himself.   The
I itiformation called for in the resolution he deemed
| extremely important, and if it was proper it
I should be given to the House, he was anxious to
i receive it. His colleague [Mr. Smith] had ex-
pressed his surprise that, because he (Mr. E.) had
advanced a doubt whether this information would
be given, we should ask for it! Mr. E. said
he was one of those who would not be deterred
from making due exertions by the existence of
such a doubt. The possibility of eliciting desir-
able information was sufficient inducement to him
to command a trial. It had also been said that the
negotiation was in a state of progression; he
would ask what sort of progression ?—whether it
was backward or forward' The gentleman had
disavowed all desire of concealment on the part
of the opponents of the resolution; but (said Mr.
E.) this is the very gist of this matter. We do
complain of concealment; and we desire to know
what is the progress and purport of this negotia-
tion between the government of Maine and that
of the General Government; and if the gentleman
is sincere in his professions, let him join myself
and others in bringing the whole subject before
the public. Mr. E. concluded by an allusion to
the remarks of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Poster,] expressing his surprise at now being
denominated a nullifier.
Mr. SMITH said that there was only a remark
or two of his honorable colleague to which lie
would advert. The gentleman says there has
been a desire on the part of the Governor and
Council of Maine, and of some others, to con-
ceal the proceedings which have been had in
relation lo this boundary controversy. The gen-
tleman was very careful to say,, or rather not to
say, that the Governor and Council of Maine
had ever been called upon to disclose any por-
tion of those, proceedings. According to my
recollection, sir—and I think my honorable col-
league's recollection will confirm my own upon
the subject—the Legislature of Maine have never
made a call upon the Governor and Council of
that State to disclose any of those proceedings.
Mr. EVANS here rose, and said his recollec-
tion was not altogether distinct upon the subject,
but he believed such a call had been attempted,
and, if not carried, it was voted down by the
majority with whom his colleague [Mr. Smith]
acted m tb" Legislature of Maine.
Mr. SMITH. Sir, my honorable colleague
knows full well, that the -people of Maine have
never called for such a disclosure of those pro-
ceedings. And whatever the Legislature of that
State has done, and whatever those who have
constituted that Legislature and the other official
organs of the State, for years past, have done, in
relation to this subject, has been most satisfac-
torily and triumphantly sustained by the people
of the Slate; and it is manifest, that if there has
been any improper concealment in the matter, of
which I know nothing, my honorable colleague's
remarks of censure strike at the pejople them-
selves, and not tit their immediate representatives
iii the Legislatuie, whom they have sustained.
Sir, I maintain that there is nothing for conceal-
ment, or which might not be disclosed mostcredit-
ably to Maine, if there were no negotiation still
pending with Groat Britain. Under any othe.
condition of the affair, I could have no objection
to spreading the whole of the proceedings of
Maine, and of all connected with her in it, as
well as those of the National Government, before
this House and before the world, When I ad-
dressed this House a short time since, I remarked
explicitly that I repudiated the idea that there,
was any thing to be concealed at this time upon
any other ground than the fear of prejudicing the
pending negotiation. And I now say that, having
entire confidence in the discretion of the Execu-
tive to determine rightly whether any infoimation
can be properly communicated at this time or not,
and not feaung that any can be disclosed at any
time discreditable to the State or nation, and re-
garding the alleged interests of Massachusetts in
the subject, and her relationships to Maine in it,
if the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
insists upon the jiassage of the resolution, I am
willing, for one, that it should pass, believing that
to be the most judicious course under tlfe circum-
stances of the case as now presented.
Mr. WARD moved (by consent) that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to Saturday next at
twelve o'clock.
