1834.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                    ft
On this question Mr. BEATY asked for the
yeas and nays; but1 the motion was not seconded
by the House.
Mr. CHILTON then moved to'amend the mo-
tion by substituting Friday for Saturday.
This was also negatived; and the motion of Mr.
Ward was agreed to.
The House then adjourned, to meet again on
Saturday, the 27th instan'.
IN SENATE.
Saturd.vy, December 27, 1834
Mr. SOUTHARD presented a memorial, signed
by sundry citizens of the city of Washington,
praying relief of Congress from the pecuniary
difficulties in which the city is involved; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Purser W. B. Zantzinger.
Mr. S1LSBEE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Tuffts &
Clark.
Mr. ROBINSON presented certain joint reso-
lutions of the Legislature of the State of Illinois,
instructing their Senators, and requesting their
Representatives in Congress, to use their exer-
tions to procure the passage of a law establishing
ports of en try at Ottawa, on the Illinois, Lafayette,
on the Wabash, and at Galena, in that State;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
On motion of Mr.. BUCHANAN, the petition
of Thomas Anderson, on the files of the Senate,
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
Mr. BLACK, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported the bill from the House
of representatives for the relief of Nicholas D.
Coleman.
On motion of Mr. ROBBINS, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, December 27, 1834.
The Hon. Robert T. Lytle, of Ohio, appeared,
and was qualified.        .
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Mr. EVANS, of Maine;
Mr. HARPER, of New Hampshire;
Mr. GORHAM, of Massachusetts;
Mr. JANES, of Vermont;
Mr. WARD, of New York;
Mr. GALBRAITH, of Pennsylvania;
Messrs. LOYALL and WILSON, of Virginia;
Messrs. TOMPKINS and JOHNSON, of Ken-
tucky;
Mr. POLK, of Tennessee;
Mr. CRANE, of Ohio;
Mr. THOMAS, of Louisiana;
Messrs. CASEY, MAY, and REYNOLDS, of
Illinois;
[Mr. Casey introduced a resolution passed by
the Legislature of Illinois, instructing the Sena-
tors, and requesting the Representatives, from
that State, to use their exertions to have ports of
entry established on the Wabash, Illinois, and
Fever rivers; which, on his motion, was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. May presented the petition of a number of j
citizens of Sangamon and Morgan counties, pray- j
ing the establishment of a post route from Beards- i
town, in Morgan county, to New Salem, in San- ,
gamon county: which, on his motion, was re- j
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, the petition of John Scott, of McLean
county, Illinois, praying compensation for prop-
erty lost during the revolutionary war.]
Mr. WHITE, of Florida;
Which petitions and memorials were appro-
priately referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WARDWELL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a hill to con-
tinue the office of Commissioner of Pensions;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of John
Moore; which was read twice, and committed.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
On motion of Mr. POTTS, it was
Resolved, That a committee be appointed on
enrolled bills.
PORT OF ENTRY AT BROWNSVILLE.
On motion of*Mr. STEWART, it was
Resolved. That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a port of entry at Biownsville, in Penn-
sylvania                               
RESOLUTIONS.
his order,the payment in specie of $209, with
interest at six per centum per annum,until paid,
and that the papers heretofore submitted be again
referred to said committees
On motion of Mr. FOWLER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from
Hamburg, via Franklin and Sparta, to Newton,
in the county of Sussex, and State of New Jer-
sey.
NORTHEASTERN BOUNDARY.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by'
Mr. LINCOLN, was again taken up":
Ucsohed, That the President of the United
States be requested to lay before this House (if,
in his opinion, it is not incompatible with the,
public interest) any communications which may
have been had between the Government of the
United States and that of Great Britain, since
the rejection, by the former, of the advisory
opinion of the King of the Netherlands, in refer-
ence to the establishment and final settlement of
the northeastern boundary of the United States,
heretofore in controversy between the two Gov-
ernments. And thjiit he also be requested to
communicate any information ho may possess,
of the exercise of practical jurisdiction, by the
authorities of the British province of New Bruns-
wick, over the disputed territory, within the
limits of the State of Maine, according to the
true line of boundary as claimed by the United
States, and especially upon that part of the ter-
ritory which has been incorporated, by the
Government of Maine, into the town of Mada-
waska; together with such representations and
correspondence (if any) as have been had by the
Executive of that State with the Government of
the United States on the subject.
Mr. PARKS said he did not intend to occupy
the time of the House by further debating this
resolution. He merely rose to divest himself of
the plumage which had been thrown over him
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Lin-
coln.] He was not, as had been stated, the
author of the report and resolutions which had
been adopted by the Legislature of Massachu-
setts on this subject. He was simply the agent
appointed by the Legislature of Maine to carry
to the Legislature of Massachusetts certain re-
solves of the former. The report and resolutions
which had been alluded to were written by a
gentleman of high character, and who was now
a member of the Legislature of Massachusetts.
The gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Foster,]
seemed somewhat surprised to leum that the peo-
ple of Maine were in favor of State rights. Pie
eould tell the gentleman that, however other
States might oscillate from one extreme to the
other, on the subject of Slate- rights, the princi-
ples of Maine hail always remained the-same;
and the gentleman was welcome, so far as he was
concerned, to all the gratification which the'an-
nunciation of this fact could give him.
Mr. G1LLET moved to lay the resolution on
the table; which was decided in the negative—
yeas 77, nays 79.
The resolution was then agreed to, by the fol-
lowing vote:
YEAS—Messrs.   John   CI.   Adams,  Heman
Allen,  John J.  Allen,  Chilton Allan,  Ashley,
Banks, Bates, Baylies, Brig s, Chambers, Chil-
ton .SamuelClark, William Clark,Clowney,Cor-
win, Coulter, Crane, Crockett,Darlington, Amos
! Davis,  Davenport, Deberry, Denny, Dickson,
Evans, Fillmore, Foster, Piulo C. Fuller, Fulton,
Gamble, Garland,  Ghols^n, Gordon, Goiham,
Graham, Grennell, Griffin, Joseph Hall, Hilaml
Hall, Hard, Hardin, Harrison, Hazeltine, Heis-
ter, William Jackson, Ebenezer Jackson, Janes,
William  C.  Johnson,  Henry   Johnson,  Lay,
Letcher, Lincoln, Love, Lucas, Manning, Mar-
! tindale, Marshall, Moses Mason, McCarty, Mc-
i Kay, McKennan, Miller, Miner, Muhlenberg,
Í Phillips, Pickens, Pinckney, Pope, Potts, Ram-
■ sav, Re'ed, Robertson, Augustine H. Shepperd,
i Slide, Sloane, Smith, Spangler, Stewart, Phile-
¡ nion Thomas, Tompkins, Trumbull,  Tweedy,
Vin ton, Frederick Whittlesey,Williams, Wilson,
and Wise—87.
NAYS—Messrs. John Adams, William Allen,
Anthony, Bean, Beaumont, Bockee, Boon.Boul-
din, Brown, Bunch, Burns, Bynum, Cambreleng,
Mr. BYNUM submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies on the table one
day:
Resolved, That the Executive be requested to
cause to be laid before this House, as soon-as
practicable, such information in relation to the
relative positions of the province of Texas, one
of the United Provinces of the Republic of Mex-
ico, and the Government of the United States of
North America, as may be in possession of either
the Departments, not deemed incompatible with
the interests of either of the two Governments.
Also, what progress has been made in distin-
guishing the boundary lines between this Govern-
ment and the Republic of Mexico, which were
to be run in conformity with the stipulations
made and entered into between the Government
of Spain and that of the United States, as ratified
by the latter in Congress, on the 22d of February,
1819.
Also, whether', if any subsequent regulations
have been entered into between ihe commission-
ers of this and the Government of Mexico to
carry into execution the conditions of the above
mentioned stipulations, posterior to the recogni-
tion of the latterGovernment,andasan independ-
ent Republic.
On motion of Mr. GARLAND, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of making a sufficient appropriation to
complete the improvement on the Red rivei, in
the State of Louisiana and Territory of Aikausas,
in the course of the ensuing year.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of providing by law for the construction
of a road across the Big Swamp, in the county
of New Madrid, in the State of Missouri, on the
most eligible route from the Mississippi, in the
direction of Batesville, Arkansas Territory, and
that an adequate quantity of the public land on
said route be appropriated to effect that object.
On motion of Mr. LEA, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a mail route
from Marysville, in the State of Tennessee, by
way of Montrail Springs, so as to intersect the
route fiom Madisonville, Tennessee, to North
Carolina, at Hugh Gormley's, on Tennessee
river.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post.
Office and Post Roads be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a mail route
from Knoxville, in the State of Tennessee, by
way of Low's Ferry, on Clinch river, to Richard
Oliver's, in Anderson county.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a mail route
from Philadelphia, in Monroe county, Tennessee,
by way of Witten's Store, on Pond creek, to
Washington, in Rhea county, in said State.
On motion of Mr. LYON, of Michigan, it was
Resolved, Thatthc Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authorizing the sale of certain lands at Toledo, in
Michigan Territory, granted for the use of the
University of said Territory.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims be directed to inquire into the expe-
diency of making provision by law for the pay-
ment of Joseph Morrill, assignee of John Carman,
of certificate No. 12,171, dated the 1st January,
1782, signed Timothy Pickering, Quartermaster
General, to  secure to the said John Carman, or
