1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
possibly have some influence upon ttTe judgment
of the House; and he therefore begged to state
it.    He happened to reside in the vicinity of one
of the larffcst  iron  founderios   in the country,
where cannon had sometimes been manufactured
for the use of the Government; and he had known
officers of the Navy (and amongst others a mid-
shipman) detailed for the proof and inspection
of those guns, preparatory to their delivery by
the manufacturer. Now, the present pay of mid-
shipmen, including rations, amounted to the sum
of $319 25 yearly; and no one could reside, for a
,fcw weeks, in the vicinity of West Point, (the
place to which he alluded,) at a less expense than
one or two  dollars per day.     This is but one
instance   (amongst  the many thousands of far
greater  consequence)  of extra duty performed
by officers in the naval service, where an extra
allowance must be made to enable them to meet
their unavoidable expenses.    They might be
detailed upon courts-martial, upon duties of in-
spection,  and upon a thousand  nameless and
necessary  services, both at home and abroad,
which could not be executed without additional
compensation.    The House would see how im-
possible it was to define what those special ser-
vices were, and that no legislation can possibly
settle  the amount of compensation.    The  dis-
cretion must, therefore, be lodged with the Navy
Department, or not exercised at ail, and the com-
pensation, consequently, withheld altogether.
Mr. FILLMORE contended that the bill pro-
vided different grades of compensation for those
who were on a foreign station, who commanded
at a navy-yard, or who were waiting orders. The
bill provided for the active services of the officers,
among which services were included the sitting
• on courts-martial, or any other incidental duty.
If the pay was not sufficient, let it be increased
directly, but not in the manner proposed.
Mr. VANDERPOF.L said he had listened with
great attention to the honorable gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Watne,] and to his friend and col-
league, [Mr. Brown,] and he was constrained to
say, that he had heard nothing to convince him
that the first view lie had taken of this matter was
erroneous; and he would here take occasion to
say, that if gentlemen had succeeded m convinc-
ing him that he had been in error, he would not
have been so convinced " against his will,' for,
certainlv, if he had any sympathies to indulge,
they were in favor of the officers of the Navy; if
lie had any wish to gratify, it was that they should
be fairly paid for their services; but he had yet
heard no satisfactory reason why, after providing
for them a liberal compensation in the shape of
specific sums, to be paid annually to each, they
should be allowed anything for any extraordinary
or special duties that might, by possibility, oe re-
quired of them.                                                      .
It was an old adage, that " straws show which
way the wind blows," and something had occur-
redin the course of this debate that made him
suspect that some gentlemen were now in favor
of retaining this provision for extra allowance
from no friendly disposition towards the bin. He
confessed that the support of one of his hon-
orable colleagues, [Mr. Mann,] who had so early
opened his battery upon the bill, looked a little
ominout. It was, he believed, fair play, accord-
ing to the ethics of legislative halls, to charge a
bill, in its first stages, with as much odious and
unpalatable mattei as possible, with a view to se-
cure its final rejection. He did not know but his
colleague had become a convert to the bill; but
he m5st ia candor confess, that he was a little
jealous as to the motive that had induced him to
support this proposition for extra allowance for
special duties.                                         .             ,,
He did not think that the case which another
of his honorable colleagues [Mr. Brow ] had put
was at all a fortunate one for the puipose for
which it was adduced. He had to Id us that mid-
shipmen were frequently required to leave the
navy-yard at Brooklyn, and attend for a fCw
days at the cannon foundery at West Point, and
that they could not live there for less than wo
dollars per day. He would ask, whether they
would not be obliged to pay for their own hring
when at the navy-yard? Most surely. How,
then, would the .account of profit and loss stand,
when sent on such an expedition? Ihey would
receive, for mileage, six dollars forgoing up,and
the same sum for returning—when the actual late
23d Cong. Vol. 2, No. 6.
and expense of going up and returning would not
exceed two dollars !    Here, then, was a gain of
ten dollars; and the idea, that it would cost one
of these young gentlemen two dollars per day for
living in the neighborhood of West Point struck
him  as  being somewhat strange.    What!  the
price of living, in the rich and fruitful county
of Orange, so exorbitantly high?   He was well
aware that there was a small portionof that
wealthy and respectable district, which his friend
so ably represented, so sterile, that, if Nebuchad-
nezzar had been turned out there, he would have
starved  to death.    (He meant the Highlands.)
But they included but a very small part of the
gentleman's district     This was, perhaps, dwell-
ing too long upon the case which the gentleman
had put.    He would only further observe, that
he had expected that the officers of the Navy
should take a little of the •< bitter""with "the
sweet" and that he would not, by authorizing
these extra claims for special duties, expose them
to the temptation of preferring claims that would
induce uncharitable men to say, that what " tkey
lose in dancing,"   they  " make up   by turning
around."   Pay them so much per year, and then
the people will know exactly what they are paid.
Mr. MANN, of New York, said, that his col-
league was mistaken in supposing that, by sup-
porting the bill in this particular, ho wished to
render0it odious.    That, he was undisguisedly
opposed to the bill he readily admitted.   Jde
thought it quite possible, however, that it might
become a law.    With this belief, it was perhaps
best, in order that the millions of public property
which might in this v/ay be confided to the
officers, should be properly taken care of, that
some additional compensation should be given as
an incentive to a correct discharge of that duty.
Mr. HARPER, of Pennsylvania, was in favor
of having the law as definite as possible, and
nothing left to the discretion of the Department
It was sometimes the practice, in order to get rid
of an officer, or compel him to resign, to assign
him extra dut.es and send him on an expensive
agency, &c. He thought the House should guard
the oiticers from this course of proceeding by.the
Department or the Government.
Various propositions of amendment were sug-
gested, but before any question was taken,
Mr BOON said, the House was thin, and there
was no likelihood that the bill would be disposed
of at the present sitting. • He therefore moved an
adjournment, but withdrew the  motion  at the
Mr. HUBBARD, who asked the consent of the
House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the ladies be admitted to the
privileged seats of the Hall of the House of Rep-
resentatives on Wednesday next.
Objection being made, Mr. H. moved to sus-
pend the rules; which was agreed to—yeas 109,
nays 18.                                                         ,            ,
The resolution was then submitted and agreed
to.
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 30, 1834.
Petitions and memorials were presented by-
Messrs   SWIFT, TALL MADGE, and
KENT.
Mr McKEAN presented the petition of John
Randolph Clay, Charge d' Affaires at St. Peters-
burgh, alleging that there was an error in the
calculation of his account by the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and praying relief.
Also, a preamble and resolutions of a meeting
at West Alexandria, Pennsylvania, relative to the
repairs of the Cumberland road.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President o.f
the united States, by Mr. Donelso , his Private
Secretary, communicating a report from the
Secretary of State, and the papers relating to the
refusal of the French Government to make pro-
vision for the execution ofthe treaty of July, loot,
between the United States and France. Tne mes-
sage was in response to the resolution submitted
by"Mr. Clay, and adopted some days ago.
Mr   MANGÜM  moved  that the papers be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
' and that they be printed.
Mr. CALHOUN expressed a wish that the
motion to print might include the debates of the
French Chambers upon the subject of'the treaty,
and the letter of Mr. Rives, which was supposed
to have caused some difficulty on the' subject of
the appropriation. He wished that a full and
complete view ofthe whole subject might be laid
before the nation.
Mr. MANGUM said there were also two or
three other important letters which it was neces-
sary to have printed; he would, however, con-
fine his motion now only to the reference, and
withdraw the motion to print.
«Mr. CALHOUN also withdrew his motion to
print the debates, and expressed a hope that
the honorable member [Mr. Mangum] would
attend to it at the proper time.
The communication and documents were then
referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Silas
E. Fisher; winch, on his motion, was taken up
for consideration, and then laid on the table.
Mr. P., from the same committee, also re-
ported;
A bill for the relief of Thomas J. Mortee; and
A bill for the relief of Charles Lynch; which .
were read the first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
On motion of Mr. P., the Committee on Pub'ic
Lands was discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition of,Andrew A. H. Knox;
which he reported against.
Mr. P., from the same committee, reported the
bill from the House of Representatives to author-
ize registers and receivers of public moneys, for
the sale of public lands, to administer oaths, &c.
Mr. P. gave notice, that when the bill should
be called up'for consideration he would move for
its indefinite postponement.    He had  been in-
formed  that the Commissioner of the General
Land Office  had  himself  prescribed  an  oath,
which he required to be taken by all applicants
for lands before they could bo allowed to make
entry.   They were required to swear that they
had gone upon the lands applied for, and ex-
amined them, and that no one else was entitled
to the right of preemption.   This oath had given
rise to very great inconvenience among settlers,
and he believed there was no law or authority
for it.    Hi, Therefore, proposed  the  following
resolution, which ho moved might be considered
now;                                             .                      _,
Resolved, That the Commissioner of the Gen-
oral Land Office be directed to lay before the
Senate a copy of any oath or paths prescribed
by the Department of the Treasury to be admin-
istered to all persons who may become the pur-
chasers of the public lands, subject to entry at
private sale, and that the said commissioner
report to the Senate under what act of Congress
the said oath or oaths was authorized and admin-
istered.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr   P   said he was instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to offer the  following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be,
and he is hereby, directed to cause to be prepared
and laid before the Senate manuscript maps of
the several States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Mis-
souri, Mississippi^Alabama, and Louisiana, and
Territories of Michigan, Arkansas, and Florida,
which maps shall contain plats of the public
lands, within the aforesaid States and Territories,
which have been surveyed under the authority
of the United States, marking upon the maps
aforesaid the lands the Indian title * which  
not extinguished, and distinguishing by colors
upon the maps aforesaid the lands granted to t e
Army; the lands sold by the United States- the
lands -ranted to each of the said States and Ter-
ri or e? for the endowment of colleges, or reserved
from sale for the use of schools, or confirmed[to
persons claiming under British, French or bp ^
ish titles; and also the landssurvcyed « afoiejw*
remaining unsold; stating likewise *° «omputert
number of acres of each of the emme£ tedclasses
of lands, and the number of arares wl ><«/
have been ^f^^f&fv^^
of^piS^ Xd^harhl Gordon,
