84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
Aftei ashoit conversation of fin explanatoiy
<haiactci, between Messrs REED, HARPER
of Pennsylvania, WATMOUGH, McKINLEY,
BATES, ÍIARDIN, and WISE, the amendment
pioposcd by Mr  Watmolgh was a ieed to.
Mi BRIGGS moved to amend the first section,
by stuk'ig out, fiom tbat pait $f tne bill relating
to extra allowances, the words " except foi de-
tention and employmenton special service," and
inserting, in lieu the'ieof, the words " two dollars
per day when absent on couits-maitial, inspecting
navy-yards or vessels, and suiveymgthe coast."
The amendment was agieed to; and, as thus
amended, the amendment of the committee was
concuned m.
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
to the second section, which proposed to stake
out " íelatives," and irseit "widowed mothens
and unman led sisters," as the peisons who shall
íeceive the benefit of a fund to be constituted by
íeseivmg thiee per centum out of the pay of com-
mission and wanant ofiiceis of the Wavy, was
next consideied.
Mi. WISE moved to amend the amendment,
so as to make it lead: "widows and childien,
and, when theie aie no widows and childien,
widowed mothers "
After vauous suggestions of amendment, and
some discussion, in which Messrs FILLMORE,
CAMBRELENG, McKENNAN, WlbE, AN-
THONY, and WATMOUGH, took pait, the
amendment proposed by Mr. Wise was re-
jected.                                                  •
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
was then disagreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee of the
Whole, which proposed to strike out all of the
third section after the enacting clause, and to
insert a provision that hereafter the distribution
of puze money to the officers, seamen, and
marines, shall be in proportion to the pay which
they respectively receive, was read.
Mr. WISE suggested a proviso, in substance,
that the marines should íeceive per capita the
same as the sailois.
Mi. JARVIS proposed a proviso, that in esti-
mating the pay, the clothing of the marines should
be taken into consideiation
Mr. WISE a'ceepted the modification proposed
by Mr. JAiivts.
Mr. HARPER opposed the amendment. He
contended that the manne was not the only indi-
vidual on board our vessels of war who stood in
a diffeient position from the seamen. The ser-
vice was necessarily divided into different classes,
as seamen, oidinary seamen, landsmen, boys,
and marines. These distinctions weie essential
to the good oidor and well being of the seivice
Should it be deemed necessary to incoiporate
the amendment of the gentleman fiom Maine,
[Mi. Jarvís,] he should feel constiamed to vote
against the whole amendment as submitted to the
House from the Committee of the Whole
Mr. BINNEY followed in opposition to the
amendment proposed byMr. Jarvis. He said
it appeared to him that the whole section was out
of place. It more properly belonged to asepaiate
bill, for the government of the Navy. The adop-
tion of this section would introduce an entire new
pimciple in that government, and hew a? not dis-
posed to overthrow ancient systems for new ones,
without mature reflection on the consequences
If the old regulations relative to prize money
were not made with due reference to justice, kt
new ones be made, but let it be done by a sepaiate
bill, and with due delibeiauon He asked gen-
tlemen to reflect on the consequences nnolv£d by
the amendment. He said theie weie seven dif-
feient classes included in our naval service. The
distnbution of pnze-money should be íegulated
by the experience already acquired in oui seivice,
as well as in that of the nations of Europe He
pi oceeded to show that the piopoition allowed by
the amendment to the petty officers, seamen,and
matines, was grossly dispioportionate to that of
thehighei officers of the Navy, on whom so much
íesponsibihty íested Itemuneiation foi sei vices,
he said, had always been, and always must be,
correspondent to the accoi.iphshiritnts of mind,
and the íesponsibilities assumed by the individual
employed He contended that the pay of officers
was not a fur citeiion to govern tin. division of
pn¿e-mouey A uifFeitM iulemu&t pi  pendente
in wai fiom that which ubtan.s m time of p_.ee.
In the moment of action, the greatest lesponsi-
bihty laid upon the commanding officer; and while
he fully acknowledged the impoi tance of the ser-
vices of subordinates, he could not consent to
place them higher than then commandeis. The
great principle of rewaidmg merit began with the
head, and went down waids, with judicious giada-
tion Saihng-masteis, by this amendment, weie
placed inferior to all whom they commanded.
Mi. JARVIS said he should fed discouiaged
in piessing the amendment which he had just sub-
mitted, fiom the distinguished foiensie talent so
well known to be possessed by the honoiable
member [Mi Bivyei] who opposed it, weie it
not that he felt he hid truth and justice on his
side It appealed that on- gentleman would op-
pose the whole section if this amendment was
agieed to, and anothei wished the subject left for
futuie legislation. He (Mr J ) said he peifi ctlv
understood what was meant by this" futuie legis-
lation." It meant, to give it the "go-by," and
nothing moie would eiei be done by Congiess to
establish the lights of subordinate officers and
seamen, unless the provisions were incorporated
in this bill One gentleman [Mi Bimxey] had
contended that the whole ment of victory be-
longed to the commandc r
Mi  BINNEY said. Aveiyeonsideiablemeiit.
Mi JARVIS continued. He advocated the
claims of the siiloi and the suboidnmte Higher
lpdniduals had higher motives—a marble monu-
ment, tVc It had been said thet his amendme it
lendeied the prize-money of a master command-
ant less than that of a lieutenant. It was also
said, that it would laise that of smgeons to an
equality with those who were placed m moie haz
ardous situations in time of action. He asked,
where could be a more homd scene than that
which must be encounteied by the suigeon in
battle ? To him on deck, aftei the commence-
ment of excitement, fighting became a pleasure.
Not so with the suigeon below, whose consola-
tion was the faint hope of saving the life of the
mangled body piesented to his caie.
Mr. J. said íeference had been made to the cus-
toms of Europe on this point. He wanted no
such compauson foi the regulation of our con-
duct, unless it were to avoid then dangerous
example. His object was to secure the neg-
lected rights of pool fellows who had too long
received little moie than hard knocks and salt
junk. He had no disposition to take up the time
of the House, but he conceived the piesentsystem
fiaught with enor, and abounding in íadical de-
fects.
Mr. WAYNE spoke in favor of leaving this
subject foi the futun. action of Congiess. The
attention of that body had alieady been called to
it by the President, and was now undei exam-
ination by the Naval Committee. Hesuggested
to the gentleman fiom Maine [Mi Jarvis] to
withdiaw his amendment, and not, by it, obstruct
the passage of the bill.
Mi JARVIS ícplicd that he would fieely do
so, were it not that he was convinced that this
was the only chance of mcoiporating these pio-
visions in the bill.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was rejected—ayes foity-thiee, noes not
counted.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment to the third section, pioposed by Mr. Wise;
and it was also ícjfcted.
On the next amendment, relating to the Navy
pension fund;
Mr. PARKER moved to divide the question
on striking out the section and adopting the
amendment.
The question on staking out was then agreed
to, and, on the adoption of the amendment, a
debate ensued, in which Messrs CAMBRE-
LENG, MANN, MASON, PARKER, CLAY-
TON, JOHNSON of Kentucky, and WAT-
MOUGH, participated
Befoie a final vote was taken, the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Wmdnesdw, Dtumbti 31, 1834.
After the Jou-ml had been iced,
I     M,   PRESIÓN mo-ted that when the Senate
adjourns, it will adjou n to meet on Fnday iic.it,
whicl   was a-ued to
OR IT ION o\ L\ rAYri i r
The committee on the pait of the Hou < of
Repieseiitntivts, appointed in puiiumtc of the
loint íesolutions ltlatm. to the tí * hveiy oí an
oiation upon *he life and chaiactei oí Ge i ial
La layette, weie then intioduced, pu < tdi d by
Mi Jons Q. Adams, and took the sc ats ass.gned
to íhim
The Piesident of the United Sutes, accom-
pan'cd by the seveial heads of Uepaitments, \i< ie
then iiitiodun d, and took stats in fiom of the
Piesidmg Offieei 's chair
A poition of the foieign diplomatic coips were
also intioduced, and took stats on the left of the
Piesident and heads of Depai tmtuts
At h ilf pa t twelve o cloc L, on mot'ciof Mi.
CLAY, the Sena'e withdiew to iIil Hall of the
House of Repitstntatnes, agic tably to tin. oidei
piescubed by the committee of anangemci.ts
Aftei the dtliveiy of the oiation by Mi. >e>ii j
Q, Ad\ms, the S<nau, togethti with tiit Vice
Piesident, ittumed to tlitn Cnambti.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENT VTIVES
Wednesday, December 31, 1834.
On motion of Mi   HUBBARD, it was
Oideied, That wht n the House adjoin 113, it will
adjouin to meet again 011 Fuday ne^t
ORATION ON LA PAYETTE.
The SPEAKER announced that, under the
joint resolution, the House would be coneidtied
as íegularly in session until adjourned m the
usual manner, aftei the delivery of the contem-
plated eulogy on the life and charactei of La
X'ayette.
Accoidmgto previous airangement, the Senate,
accompanied by the Vice Piesident, the Presi-
dent, heads of Depai tments, a portion of the foi-
eign diplomatic corps, the joint committee of
auangements,and Mi Joh\ GIuincy Adams, en-
teied the Hall of the House of Repieseiilalives
at half past twelve o'clock, p. m
Mr. HUBBARD (the chanman of the com-
mittee of arrangemeirs on the pait of the House)
conducted Mr Adims to the Sneaker's chair,
fiom which he rose and dchveied an addiess on
the Life and Chaiacter of Gtneiel La Fayette,
which occupied about thiee homs'time
When Mi Adams had concluded, the Vice
President and Senate lemed to then Hall, the
Piesident of the United States, heads of Depait-
ments,&c , withdrew , dud the House, on motion,
adjourned over to Fndaj .
IN SENATE.
Fridvy, Tanuanj 2, 1835
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication fiom the Secretaiy of State,
relative to the diplomatic expensts of that Dtpai t-
ment foi the past year
Also, a communication from the Secrttaiyof
the Trea'-uiy, 111 obedience to a resolution of the
Senate, lelative to the nunibei of navy and mili-
tary bounty land wauamswhich had been issued,
which was lefeued to the Coii'uuttte on Public
Lands.
Also, a letter fi om the Postmastei General, m
obedience toa lesohifon of the Senate, submitted
some days   ago by Mr   Bluk, lehitue to the
establishment of a dneet mail loute fiom Buint
Corn, 111 Alabama, to Natchez, in Mississippi
The letter havinir been read,
Mi. BLACK said that this was a \cry imnoit-
ant mail route to the people of Mississmpi, and
paiticulaily those ot Natchez, whie 11 h" thought
would appeal obvious when it was known that a
I vciylaige number of rtspc e uble tiLi/eus of that
J State, as well   as  the   Legiolatute   theteof, 1 dd
I petitioned  Congiess  expitssly lor its cs'abhsh-
I ment    It was in consequence of these solicit ítions
that the act of Congiess was passed iiithoii/ing
it, and he legrttted gieatly that the ac t hid not
been earned into effect     The acticqnncrt that
the route sliould be established foi < xnji' g the
mail m foui-hoise post-coaches, as well fc>'  tlv
convenience of passengeis as tht m ul   and, uin'J
e\trasweie gianted in AltU'in, ibis 1011     wa-.
uciattended to     ]I< mov  d tl it tin  comm 1111   1-
| t on be pi 11111 d, and lefeired to the Committee on
I The Poot Offiu .
