88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2.
rected to furnish to this House a statement of
the expenditures on the works at the harbor at
Presque Isle during the past season; the amount
paid for stone, giving the number of cords, and
at what rate; the amount for timber and other ma-
terials, and at what rate; the-amount paid for
labor, to whom, and at what rate per day or
month; the amount paid for superintendence, to
whom, at what rate per day, and the number of
days charged for such service, as well as every
other item of expenditure at the said harbor;
also, whether the directions of Colonel Totten,
with regard to taking frequent soundings in the
1iay, have been attended to.
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR.
The resoiution submitted on Tuesday by Mr.
TuoMis.of Maryland, to amend the 13th rule of
the House so as to include anions those who are
admitted to the privileged seat*within the Hall,
the District Attorneys of the United States, was
taken up.
Mr. FOSTER remarked that some of the
district attorneys, and particularly the one who
resided in this city, had frequently important
business to transact with the members of the
Judiciary Committee, and from their exclusion
from the Hall, they were compelled to have mem-
bers called out of the House. By the adoption
of the resolution, it would probably not add more
than two persons at any one time to those who
aheady possessed the privilege of the House.
Mr. PATTON moved to amend the resolution
by including also members of the State Legisla-
tures.
Mr. BEATY suggested that the judges of State
courts should be embraced in the proposition to
amend.
Mr. PATTON modified his amendment as re-
quested.
The amendment,, as modified, was then disa-
greed to—yeas 63, nays 70.
Mr. HARDIN moved 10 lay the resolution on
the tabic; but withdrew the motion at the re-
quest of
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, who explained
the reasons which had induced him to offer the
resolution, which were in substance the same as
those which had been given by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Foster.] He could not con-
ceive how the adoption of the resolution could
possibly incommode any gentleman, as a very
limited number of persons would or could avail
themselves of the privilege which it granted.
Mr. HARDIN was opposed to enlarging the
rule on this subject. It had already been carried
too far. He could not possibly see what business
the Auditors, the Register of the Treasury, and
some otheis could have in this House. He did
not object to the resolution because he was op-
posed to the, admission of the accomplished attor-
ney for the District of Columbia into the Hall,
but because he was opposed to enlarging a rule
•which already had the effect of rendering it almost
impossible for members to hear what was going
on in the Hail. He was a member of the Judi-
ciary Committee, and was not aware that the
district attorney for this District had ever called
on that committee on any business connected
witli his public duties. The fact was, innumerable
applications were made to this House for claims,
and the members were continually importuned by
lawyers who resided in this city, who were paid
a fee for so doing by claimants. He submitted
it to the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Thomas]
if this was not the leading motive which had
caused this application on the part of the attorney
of this District.
Mr. THOMAS said he was not aware that
such was the case.    He believed it was not.
Mr. HARDIN continued. He was satisfied
this was one of the motives, if not the leading
one, which had induced the application.
Mr. BURGES would have been gratified if the
amendment which proposed to admit members
of the Legislatures upon the floor of the House,
had prevailed. It was due to them from the
situations which they held. As, however, they
¡ire to be excluded, he was not in favor of admit-
ting the district attorneys. He felt mortified
that this District, after all the liberality which
had been extended to it by Congress, should
think it necessary to send an attorney here to
supervise the proceedings of this House.
Mr. VANDKRPOEL remarked, that by a
liberal construction of the rule, heretofore, it was
believed that members of the State Legislatures
were entitled to the privilege of the House. By
the vote on the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Patton,] a different
construction had been given to the rule. As the
members of the State Legislatures were excluded,
he should feel hound to vote for the exclusion of
the district attorneys. If, however, the vote in
relation to the former could be reconsidered, he
would willingly vote to admit both classes to the
privileged seats in the House.
Mr. MILLEll concurred in the remarks of
the gentlemen from Rhode Island and New York,
[Messrs. Burges and Vanm-rpoei,.] He moved
to amend the resolutions so as to include mem-
bers of the State Legislatures and district attor-
neys, which varied from the amendment which
had been rejected, by not including judges.
Mr. HARDIN moved to lay the resolution and
amendment on the table; which was agreed to—
yeas 108, nays not counted.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, it was
Resolved, Thatthe Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of granting to Abraham Pray a revolu-
tionary pension, and arrears of pension withheld
fiom him by the War Department, upon the
alleged ground of not having perfected ¡lis proof
seasonably; and that the papers heretofore pre-
sented to the House be referred to said committee.
On motion of Mr. JARVIS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
reporting a bill authorizing the President of the
United States to cause such experiments to be
made, by a board of engineers to be by him
selected, as shall test the practicability of a fire-
ship invented by Uriah Brown, for harbor and
coast defense, and making the necessary appro-
priation for that purpose.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, it was
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, That the thanks of Congress be presented
to John Q.uincy Adams, for the appropriate ora-
tion delivered by him on the life and character of
General La Fayette, in the Representatives Hall,
before both Houses of Congress, on the 31st day
of December, 1834; and that he be requested to
furnish a copy for publication.              Q
Resolved, That the chairman of the joint com-
mittee appointed to make the necessary arrange-
ments to' carry into effect the resolution of the
last session of this Congress, in relation to the
death of General La Fayette, be requested to com-
municate to Mr. Adams the aforegoing resolution,
receive his answer thereto, and present the same
to both Houses of Congress.
■    On motion of Mr. WARDWELL, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the PostOffice
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of providing for the publication of the
maps of the post offices and post roads, and which
are now being drawn by David H. Burr.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making more effectual provision for the punish-
ment of perjury committed under the pension laws
of the United States.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland,
it was
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed
to inquire into the propriety of establishing a
national foundery for the purpose of fabricating
ordnance of various kinds, suitable to the wants
of the General Government, and report to this
House by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. HALL, of North Carolina,
it wat*
Resolved, That the Committee on the PostOffice
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from
Godly's Cross Roads, Beaufort county, to Cap-
tain Cary's store, on South Dividing creek, so
extended as to supply post office facilities to the
population generally on the south side of Pimlico
river, as far as may be required.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of establishing a naval depot at Brunswick, in
the State of Georgia.
Mr. GAMBLE submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
de directed to communicate to this House wheth-
er, in his opinion, it is practicable or convenient
for the Department to, collect, and safely keep
and disburse the public moneys of the United
States, without the agency of a bank, or banks;
and, if so, to report to this House the best mode,
in his opinion, by which that object can be ac-
complished.
Mr. GAMBLE asked a suspension of the rule
which required his resolution to ho one day upon
the table. His object was to receive the required
information at as early a day as possible.
Mr. POLK said, if the gentleman would refer
to the supplementary report made by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, he would find the informa-
tion which he desired. In that report, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury had declared that no Bani
of the- United States was necessary to facilitate
the fiscal operations of the Government; thatthe
system adopted by the Department was amply
competent, and had proved entirely successful.
From the facts and statements embraced in the
report to which he had referred, Mr. P. had no
doubt that the plan adopted for the safe-keeping
of the public-moneys, was so far completely suc-
cessful, that it could no longer be denominated
" an experiment." Under these circumstances,
he could see no necessity for adopting the reso-
lution.
Mr. GAMBLE said, his main object was to
know whether any bank whatever was necessary
to be used as the fiscal agent of the Government
If we were to have an agent of this character, he
preferred that it should be one emanating from
the Government, and belonging exclusively to it.
He was as much opposed to the plan of using the
State institutions, for this purpose as he could be
to the Bank of trie United States. The plan sug-
gested by the President of the United States in
his annual message in 1830, although at the time
it met with no countenance from any quarter, was
one which he believed was more practicable, under
existing circumstances, than any other—a bank
founded upon the Government deposits and re-
sponsibility, entirely disconnected from any State
institution, or local stockholders, &c. The Bank
of the United States, it was considered on all
hands, must go down. Some new and permanent
system upon the subject of the keeping and dis-
bursement of the finances of the country must be
adopted, and he was anxious to receive all the
light which could be thrown on the subject, not
only by the Secretary of the Treasury, but by the
entire Cabinet. The resolution which he had
offered could do no harm, and might be benefi-
cial. He therefore hoped it would be permitted
to pass.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said this was a question
of considerable importance. The supplementary
report of the Secretary of the Treasury would,
however, be found entirely explicit in every point
embraced in the resolution. He had no great
objection to the resolution being sent to the De-
partment, although jt was probable the Secretary
of the Treasury^ would refer the House to the
report to which'he had alluded for the informa-
tion required. If it was possible to mature a plan
to dispense with the agency of banks in conduct-
ing the fiscal operations of the Government, he
might not be opposed to it; it was, however,
wholly impracticable to dispense with such an
agency at this time. In regard to the establish-
ment of a Government bank, to which the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Gamble] had alluded,
such a project was not now likely to meet with
many supporters from any quarter.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, said that, as
there seemed to be a disposition to discuss the
resolution, he would move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the orders of the day.
The motion prevailed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a report
from the Secretary of the Navy, pursuant to the
act of 1809 in relation to the contingent expend-
itures of said Department; which was laid on the
table.
