90
THE CONG-RESSÍONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
posed  to  oppose   the   resolution as  essentially
unnecessary.
. Mr. EWING said, if the Secretary of the
Treasury possessed the power to act on this sub-
ject, he saw no reason for the interference of
Congress. He did not believe that the system
•which had been adopted had proved, or would
prove, successful. He referred to the agency
which had been assigned to the receivers of pub-
lic moneys, as a part of the system adopted by
the Department, and denied the utility of such
an arrangement. He believed that Congress
alone had the right to establish and regulate the
depositories of the'public moneys. He was not
the advocate of the Bank of the United States.
It was known to the world that he had proposed
a distinct projet on this subject, upon which he
desired the action of Congress. H.e would, there,
fore, move to amend the resolution by proposmg-
in lieu thereof, that a select committee of one
member from each State be appointed, for the
purpose of inquiring into the expediency of
adopting a plan which he had presented at the
last session forthe establishmentof an institution
for the management of the fiscal concerns of the
Government.
Mr. JONES, of Georgia, regretted that the
resolution had been brought forward at this
time, and hoped his colleague would withdraw
it. It would lead to no beneficial results, and
was calculated to renew the discussion of a ques-
tion which had been mooted for months during
the last session. The information sought could
be of no service; and if it could, it would be found
substantially in the supplemental report of the
Secretary of the Treasui y.
But he rose not so much to oppose the resolu-
tion as to notice some observations which had
been made by those supporting it. His colleague
seemed to suppose that, if we could employ the
State banks as fiscal agents, we necessarily had
the right to create a bank for that purpose. He
could not conceive by what process of reasoning
his colleague had broughthimself to that conclu-
sion. The State banks had been created by the
laws of the different States in the exercise of their
rightful and constitutional powers. Congress had
nothing to do with, and could not judge of the
constitutionality of those institutions. We find
them in existence, and the only question for us
to determine in regard to them is, whether we will
use them as fiscal agents for the collection and
disbursementof the revenue of the United States.
It is distinct from the question, whether we will
create a bank to act as a fiscal agent; 'and is en-
tirely unconnected with, and independent of it.
The Secretary of the Treasury is the fiscal officer
of the United States, and with him rests the discre-
tionand responsibility of placing the public money
in what depository he pleases. Congress has the
power to direct in what places it shall be deposited,
and upon what terms and conditions; but in the
absence of all.law upon this subject; the Secre-
tary of the Treasury must exercise Jiis own dis-
cretion, and act upon his own responsibility.
And he would assure his colleague that he would
at any time join him in limiting the discretion of
that officer in passing a law which shall point out
where the public money shall be deposited, and
the terms and conditions on which the deposits
shall be made. -And, sir, both the gentlemen
(Mr. Clayton and Mr. Ewing) seem to have
fallen into another mistake: they contend, that
by the establishment of State banks, an attempt
has been made by the States to regulate the cur-
rency; and we are told this belongs to Congress
and not to the States. Never was there a greater
error. Congress hAthe right to. coin money,
and regulate the value thereof. So far then from
the banks regulating the currency, the value and
currency of baak notes are regulated by the value
of the coin. For, if any bank does not pay its
notes in specie, they must necessarily depreciate,
and may become entirely valueless. The State
banks,then, cannot regulate the currency; norcan
the Secretary of the Treasury, in selecting any
of them as depositories of the public money, reg-
ulate the currency; nor can Congress, by any
law in regard to it, regulate the currency.
This Government is, and ought to be, a hard-
money Government. It was so until Congress,
in chartering the Bank of the United States,
authorized the payment of debts to the United
States, to bo paid in its bills, and it will be so
again so soon as that charter expires. Congress
may make such provision in favor of the State
banks, but never with his consent. No, sir; let
the dues to this Government be payable in gold
and silver. I was opposed to any law which
shall authorize the bills of any bank to be receiv-
able in payment of debts to the Government.
Congress may go further, and say no bill of any
bank shall be received in payment. But this
would be useless. None will be taken, unless it
can be redeemed in gold and silver; and while a
bank is able and willing to redeem its bills in
gold and silver, you may prevent their payment
to the Government, but you cannot by any law
prevent the people from taking them.
Nay, more. Though you may require your
collectors to demand gold and silver in payment,
you cannot prevent the people from calling on
those very banks for the gold and silver, into
which it will be again deposited by the collector,
so soon as it is received. And, to save all this
trouble, the importer will deposit the bills in the
bank, for which it is bound to pay him specie,
and he will take to the collector a certificate of
the cashier that his check will be paid in gold
and silver.
You may also prevent the State hanks from
being made the depositories of the public money.
But this, so far from proving a benefit, will prove
an expense, useless and unnecessary. You must
erect buildings suitable for such depositories, and
you must employ guards to protect them. All
this expense may be saved by the employment of
State, banks. If they will answer all the purposes
of the Government as fiscal agents, there will be
no necessity for a Bank of the United States. It
will not then be a necessary and proper means for
carrying into effect any of the powers granted by
the Constitution; and, not being necessary, it can-
not even be pretended to be constitutional.
Mr. McKIM moved to lay the resolution on the
table. He suggested that the House was already
in possession of all the information required.
On this question Mr. GAMBLE called for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, called for the
order of the day, but the call was rejected.
The yeas and nays were then ordered; and,
being taken, resulted—yeas 106, nays 87; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Adams, Heman Allen,
William Allen, Anthony, Banks, Bean, Blair,
Bockee, Boon, Bouldin, Brown, Bunch, Burns,
Bynum, Cambreleng, Carr, Casey, Chinn, Sam-
uel Clark, William Clark, Clay, Coulter, Cramer,
Day, Dickerson, Ferris, Fillmore,Fowler, Philo
C. Fuller, William K. Fuller, Fulton, Gillet,
Joseph Hall, Hiland Hall, Holsey, Hamer, Jo-
seph M. Harper, Harrison, Hathaway, Hawes,
Hazeltine, Henderson, Hiester, Howell, Hub-
bard, Huntington, Janes, Richard M. Johnson,
Noadiah Johnson, Henry Johnson, Seaborn
Jones, Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh,Kilgore, Kin-
nard, Lane, Lansing, Laporte, Lay, Luke Lea,
Thomas Lee, Loyall, Lucas, Lytle, Abijah
Mann, Joel K. Mann, Manning, Moses Mason,
May, Mclntire, McKay, McKim,McLene, Mc-
Vean, Miller, Robert Mitchell, Morgan, Murphy,
Osgood, Parker,Patterson, Franklin Pierce,Polk,
Pope, Reynolds, Schenck, Schley, William B.
Shepard, Augustine H. Shepperd,Shinn, Smith,
Stundefer, Stewart, William Taylor, Thomson,
Turner, Turrill, Van Houten, Wagener, Ward,
Wardwcll, Wayne, Webster, and Wilson—
106.
NAYS —Messrs. John a, Adams, John J.
Allen, Chilton Allan, Archer, Ashley, Barber,
¡IBarringer,~Bates, Baylies,Beaty, Binney, Briggs,
Bull, Surd, Burgess, Cage, Chilton, Claiborne,
Clayton, Clowney, Corwin, Crane, Crockett,
Darlington, Amos Davis, Davenport, Deberry,
Denny, Dickson, Evans, Edward Everett, Ew-
ing, Felder, Foster, Gamble, Garland, Gordon,
Gorham, Graham, Grennell, Griffin, Hardin,
James Harper, Heath, Ebenezer Jackson, Wil-
liam C. Johnson, King, Letcher, Lewis, Lin-
coln, Love, Lyon, Martindale, Marshall,Mardis,
John Y. Mason, McCarty, McKennan, Mercer,
MiSigan, Miner, Moore, Patton, Phillips, Pick-
ens, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Rencher, Robertson,
Slade,SIoane,Spangler, Steele, William P.Tay-
lor, Philemon Thomas, Tompkins, Trumbull,
Tweedy, Vance, Vinton, Watmough, Whittle-
sey, Wilde, Williams, Wise, and Young—87.
So the House concurred in the motion to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. DICKSON moved to lay the motion on
the table to reconsider the vote of yesterday on
the claim of David Kilborn; the consideration
of which was postponed to Friday next.
Mr. CHILTON submitted the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the subject,
a'nd report their opinion to this House, of the
most equal and just mode of applying the reve-
nues of the country to such works of public im-
provement within the respective States of this
Union as may be necessary for the facilitating of
commerce with foreign nations, and among the
several States. And that they, moreover, report
their opinion of the best and most practicable
mode of ascertaining and determining the nation-
ality and importance of such improvements as
may be proposed within the several States.
Mr. C. remaiked, that this day was set apart
for the consideration of private bills; and if any
gentleman would move to proceed to the consid-
eration of the orders of the day, he would post-
pone the remarks which he desired to make in
favor of the adoption of the resolution which he
had presented.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, moved that the
House proceed to the consideration of the orders
of the day; which was agreed to.
OHIO AND MICHIGAN BOUNDARY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a res-
olution of the Legislative Council of Michigan
Territory relative to the boundary line between
the State of Ohio and said Territory; and also a
resolution relative to the construction of a harbor
in the Territory aforesaid; which was referred.
COMMUNICATION FROM FIRST COMP-
TROLLER.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the First Comptroller of the
Treasury, transmitting a list of balances on the
books of the Fourth Auditor, for the last three
years, &c; which was laid On the table.
SENATE BILLS READ  TWICE.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice, and committed:
A bill making appropriations for completing the
military barracks at New Orleans;
A bill providing for the legal adjudication and
settlement of the claims to land therein men-
tioned; and
A bill for the relief of Colonel John Eugene
Leitensdorfer.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The bill for the relief of Mrs. Susan Decatur
and others, coming up as first in order,
Mr. VINTON moved to postpone its further
consideration to Friday next.
Mr PATTON hoped that the motion would
not prevail. It was time that this bill was dis-
posed of.
After some further remarks on the propriety
of proceeding to the consideration of the bill, by
Messrs. VINTON, CAMBRELENG, PAT-
TON, and ARCHER, the motion to postpone
was rejected.
Mr. GILLET said he presumed, inasmuch as
this subject had been,for a series of years before
Congress, that every member present was fully
acquainted with its merits, and prepared to vote
on it. He understood it had been here so long,
that the elder reporters could report the speeches
pro and con. without hearing them. Further dis-
cussion could not, certainly, be necessary. In
order that a vote might be now taken on the main
question, he moved to lay the bill and amend-
ments on the table.
Mr. HUBBARD said, as the motion of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Gillet] was a
test question, and as there was a thin attendance
of members, he would move a call of the House.
The motion was negatived.
The question recurring on the motion to lay the
bill and amendments on the table, it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 90. So the said
bill was virtually rejected.
