92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5.
tionable in all the State Legislatures, and not less
go here. The Constitution of the United States
had provided for the representation for the people.
Every section of the Union had representatives
on the floor; to have others in the lobby to push
the great money claims, was unknown to the
Constitution, might be of evil effect, and he was
against the practice.
Mr. B.satd the Secretary of the Treasury ought
to be consulted, to know how much money this
bill might withdraw—whether he had the means
to pay it; and, if not, how would he provide for
it?—by-loans, or by taxes, and the revival of the
tariff? He said enormous bills were depending to
absorb the revenues; not the bills wh.ch carry on
the Government, but which members originate.
He would name three alone in this Senate: this
refunding bill, say of #1,500,000; the French
spoliation bill, §5,000,000; the divide-out-land
bill, $3,500,000. Here (he said) is ten millions of
extra appropriations at once, which is half the
whole annual revenue; while that whole revenue,
•with the exception of only about a quarter of a
million to spare, was required by the ordinary
appropriations. He said it was in vain to rejoice
at the extinction of the public debt if such
enormous and wasteful projects as these could
succeed
Mr. WEBSTER said he had no desire that
the bill should pass without every member of the
Senate understanding its principles as well as its
details. When the bill was first reported, he
thought that it was so well understood that there
was no reason to enter into a further explanation
of it. It was originally introduced in 1829 or 1830,
and the subject bad been brought before the Sen-
ate by the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, the late member from Maryland, [Mr.
Chambers,] in 1831 or 1832; that it was then
fully discussed and understood as now explained
by las colleague, [Mr. Silsbee;] that it was then
reported to the Senate,and passed without oppo-
sition, in precisely the same form in which the
committee had nuvv reported it; that it was not
agreed to by the House of Representatives, and
returned to the Senate. It was again acted upon
at the last session in ils present form, and re-
ceived the sanction of the Senate without a dis-
cussion As no objection had been made to the
features of the bill on former occasions, the com-
mittee had now reported it without amendment,
and in the same form m which it had received
the former sanctions of the Senate. As the ques-
tion was on the third reading, he w*s not dis-
posed to enter at length into a discussion of the
bill. If gentlemen wished for further information;
if they wished to investigate more thoroughly the
bearings of the bill, as the measure was an im-
portant one, one which would take a large sum
from the Treasury, he would not object to the
inquiry. But he saw nothing alarming in its
appearance; it had often passed in the same form.
He could recommend itgenerally; that the claims
formed different classes, to be sure, in some of
which the equity was clearer than in others.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he had the misfortune,
on this question, to differ from the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Benton.] He need not say he
entertained a great respect for his judgment; but
he would remark, that, to himself, the principle
of the bill was perfectly clear. He had thought
so on Friday last, when he voted for its engross-
ment, and still continued to be of the same
opinion.
He inquired what was the true principle of the
bill? In all civilized countries, it wasa uniform,
cardinal principle, that all laws should be pros-
pective, and never retrospective, it would be
unjust, in the highest degree, to subject the citi-
zens of a country to the operation of a law before
it was possible tiiat they could be acquainted with
its existence. This was a principle of such mani-
fest justice that it could not be denied, or even
doubled. Sufficient time ought always to be
given to enable those whom the law was destined
to affect to become acquainted with it, and to
accommodate their conduct to its provisions. It
was upon this very principle that France had
agreed to indemnify American citizens for the
captures made under the Berlin and Milan de-
crees, before they could have known of the exist-
ence of these decrees. This is the very principle
upon which the present bill rests.   Its object is
to grant relief from the onerous effect of the tariff
law of April, 1828, in cases in which our import-
ing merchants were not and could not be ac-
quainted with, its existence in time to regulate
their conduct by a knowledge of its provisions
This law had, consequently, operated retrospect-
ively upon their interests, and therefore unjustly.
What, then, was the object of the bill' It was
to do no more than ouglit to have been done by
the act of 1828. It was merely to correct the
injustice which had resulted from our own legis-
lation.
This bill seemed to be exceedingly well guarded
against fraud. No person could obtain relief
under its provisions, until he had satisfied the
Secretary of the Treasury, not only that he had
ordered goods from a foreign country before he
could have known of the passage of the act of
1828, but also that after he had been informed of
its passage, it was too late to countermand the
order. This was indispensable. But more than
this was required. A person claiming relief, must
in addition, satisfy the Secretary of the Treasury,
by his own oath or other proof, that he had
actually sustained a loss in consequence of his
ignorance of the existence of the act; and an
indemnity for this loss was all which could be
demanded.
He was as desirous as any gentleman could be
of taking care of the public money; but he was
equally disposed to do justice. He would vote
for a general recommitment of the bill, because he
thought that it might with propriety be confined
to importations made at an earlier day than the
31st of December, 1S28, and he was willing to
restrict its operation within the narrowest limits
which justice wouldadmit. But let the bill come
before us when it may, he would vote for it, be-
cause he was unwilling to bind our citizens by a
law with which they could not, by any possibility,
have been acquainted in time to save themselves
from injury. This injustice had been done by
the act of 1828, and he was anxious to correct it,
and thus relieve the character of our legislation
from the odium which must attach to it by the
passage of an act in its nature retrospective.
Mr. SILSBEE said there had been a palpable
violation of justice, which this bill was^going to
remedy. The Senate bad acted upon it three
times already, and he was opposed to further de-
lay. The honorable Sen tor [M-r. Benton] had
estimated the amount this bill proposed to refund
at a million and a half, but it was all supposition
—mere conjecture. He had not looked into the
provisions of the bill; if he had, he would have
found that the importer, in order to obtain the
benefit of this act, would be obliged to show that
the goods had been ordered in foreign countries,
where the orders could not have been counter-
manded in season to prevent the purchase, which
was a difficult thing to show, and consequently
the number of cases would be diminished His
only objection to the call for information was
want of time. He was desirous it might be sent
to the House at an early day.
Mr. KANE said he preferred the reference of
the bill without the specific instructions. All
laws affecting the interests of individuals should
be prospective. Certainly Prance agreed to
make indemnity for captures under the Berlin
and Milan decrees; but then she fixed upon a
time beyond which compensation should cease
—seventy days, he believed, after their promul-
gation. Laws, m order not to have a retroactive
bearing, should have some time fixed for them to
take effect. And with regard to this bill, if the
3Üth of September was inserted in the bill, he
would vote for it. He wished the bill recommit-
ted, more particularly for the purpose of calling
the attention of the committee to the provision |
authorizing the merchant to be refunded who did
not realize the ordinary profits. No human
being could lay down a rule which could apply
to such a case as this.
Mr. BENTON, m reply to the remarks, (by Mr.
Webster,) that this bill had repeatedly passed i
the Senate, and with little opposition, said that
he had been fourteen years a member of the :
Senate, and would have been but an inattentive
| observer, not to have seen and felt that the gen-
tlemen here from the sea-board, and great cities,
deem it quite an act of supererogation for mem-
bers from the interior—from the heart of the for-
est—to undertake to illuminate the Senate upon
commercial or financial suhjects; therefore such
members seldom spoke upon.such bills; and as
for the gentlemen from the commercial cities, they
could not do it without seeming to attack their
own constituents. The money is to go to their
own constituents, and are they to stop it? Every
gentleman knew (he said) that a money bill, the
proceeds of which went to a member's constitu-
ents, was the most trying vote to which Ins firm-
ness could be put. Even a small sum—a few
thousand dollars for a vile creek—cannot be op-
posed without raising a cry against him. He has
voted against his own constituents, would be the
loud and incessant cry. Gentlemen from the
great cities, then, cannot oppose this million and
a half without being subject to the cry of opposing
their own constituents. Gentlemen from the in-,
terior cannot, without being stared at as obtru-
sive and handling things not exactly within their
sphere. Hence this bill had passed several times,
and was on the point of passing again, without
being noticed. But is silent passage an argument
in favor of a bill ? On the contrary, was it not a
maxim, that the worst measures are generally
those which pass unanimously and silently ? The
resolution for a Revolutionary History, by which
a couple of gentlemen of this city might take from
the Treasury indefinite millions,did itnotpass sub
silentio '! Was not every gentleman astonished
at the last session when he heaid what he had
done? And is it not now thought to be a plume
in the cap of the present Secretaiy of State, that
he is trying to limit those millions to $400,000?
But he trusted Congress, which could do what
the Secretary could not, would stop it altogether.
He hoped the printing jobs were going to receive
the attention of the Senate and the people. The
revolutionary pension bill (said Mr. B.) of 1818,
did not that pass in this good easy manner, and
upon a calculation that it would take but $200,000
a year, and with regrets that it could only take it
for a few years ? while we have since seen it
amount to $5,000,000 in a year, and is now cost-
ing us more money than ever was expended in
any year of the Revolution, and displays an army
of revolutionary pensioners, at half a century
after the war, greater than ever Washington saw
during the war.
Mr. B. replied to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Buchanan,] and concurred with him
in the justice of all he had said, so far as his doc-
trine was general, but denied its applicability to
this subject, because Congress, in 1828, had con-
sidered the very point, and passed the law for
the very purpose of making it take effect before
it could be known; and they did so upon the
ground that the importer would add the new duties
to the price of his goods, and get it all back, with
a profit, out of the consumer. Mr. B. said such
laws, to take effect before they nould be known,
were condemned in all codes. The civil law,
from the code of Justinian to the code of Napo-
leon, which was framed upon it, made a beautiful
provision for the promulgation and taking effect
of laws; they were to take effect one day after
promulgation in the place where passed, and
so on, in so many successive days in so many
successive circles, around the capital, the days
increasing with the distance, until the empire
was embraced, and the law had time to reach its
furthest boundary. To do otherwise, and make
laws, especially penal ones, to take effect before
they could be known, was to imitate the tyrant
that posted his edicts, in small letters, on the
tops of lofty columns, where nobody could read
them — all this (said Mr. B.) was urged against
the early taking effect of this tariff act of 1828;
but it was answered that it was necessary to
make it take effect immediately to catch the
impending importations, and to prevent immense
orders from being sent out to fill up the country
with goods before the act would .take effect, and
thus defeat the relief that was intended for the
manufacturers; and as to the merchants, it was
said it made no difference to them; they would
be reimbursed the additional duty, with a profit,
from the consumer. And now (said Mr. B.)
what do we see? a complete reversal of argu-
ments and votes ! an absolute rally, which he
would call rally No. 1, for it might be the first
of a series, of the old high-tariff party, now
standing together as one man in this Chamber,
