1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
nearly equal to that of a brigadier general. The
laurels won by the Army were as green as those
gathered for us by the Navy, and he asked if the
former could not with reason complain of the in-
justice of the distinctions contained in this bill?
What was it in the two services that justified this
great disparity of pay. It had been said, that in
time of peace the duties of the Navy involved dan-
gers and inconveniences which were not incident
to the land service. This, he contended, was not
the fact. He spoke of the hardships and dangers
of frontier posts,and contrasted them with advant-
ages which a naval officer has of visiting'remote
portions of the globe—advantages sought after
with avidity by men of wealth. Again, the
officers of the Navy have the advantage of long
furloughs—sometimes of two or three years, which
is denied to those of the Army. On the whole,
ho thought the advantages were altogether on the
side of the Navy. Mr. A. nex4 adverted to the
argument which had been advanced for raising
these salaries, that the officers were unable, with
their present pay, to reciprocate the civilities
extended towards them in foreign parts. This
argument could only apply to the commanding
officers of squadrons, as it was them only that
were interested. But Mr. A. said this was not
the view in which this matter struck him. It
did not tally with our former ideas of republic-
anism, lie thought an American commander
could obtain more respect abroad, by the order
and condition of his ship^and the discipline of
his crew. The policy of our Government was
economy, and not pompous display, while that
.of other countries was the reverse. Our subor-
dinate officers, he contended, were better paid
than those of any other nation on the globe; and
the effect of the proposed advances would be to
make them chiefly the aim of the sons of the
wealthy, to the exclusion of the hardy and de-
serving— thereby, he believed, decreasing the
efficiency of the service. He warned the friends
of this bill to beware, or the people would be
aroused, and insist on a return to our ancient and
popular Jefiersonian system of economy. Mr.
A. objected to the bill on another account. He
meant the establishment of a new and most un>
warrantable system of pensions. He referred to
the orphan and- widows' pension fund, which
he characterized at length as leading to new
and dangerous principles in our Government,
leading to corruption of a most glaring character.
He concluded by moving that the bill be com-
mitted to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MANN moved to- amend the motion, by
adding: " With instructions to prepare a bill for
equalizing the pay of officers of the Army and
Navy;" and then,
On motion of Mr. M. the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 6, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. HILL, WRIGHT, BUCHANAN, and
LEIGH.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting six copies of the Navy Register for the
year 1834.
Also, another letter from the same Depart-
ment, in obedience to the act of June last, trans-
mitting a copy of the report of the director of
the Mint, relative to the assay of coins made at
the Mint.
Also, another letter from the same Depart-
ment, transmitting a report of the survey of the
northern boundary line of the State of Indiana,
made in obedience to a resolution of 30th Decem-
ber, 1833.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bill making an ap-
propriation to improve the Mississippi river, near
the city of St. Louis.
On motion of Mr. SILSBEE, the Committee
on Commerce was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Elizabeth Scott.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the Committee
on Commerce was discharged from the considera-
tion of the petition of James Nicholson; and the
same was referred to the Committee on Claims.
On Mr. W. 's motion, the same committee was
discharged from the consideration of the petition
of Ludwig Ludwigson; and the same was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, made a report upon the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, relative to the
issuing of Virginia military bounty land war-
rants; which, on his motion, was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Silas D. Fisher.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WAGGAMAN gave notice that, to-mor-
row, he would ask leave to introduce a bill to
give effect to the eighth article of the treaty with
Spain.
BILLS INTROBUCED.
Mr. ROBINSON, on leave given, introduced
a bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to compromise certain claims of the United
States; which was twice read and committed.
Mr. TOMLINSON, on leave given, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Carey Clark; which
was twice read-and referred.
FRENCH RELATIONS.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which had been referred that part
of the President's message appertaining to our
relations with France, made a report, which con-
cluded by a resolution, " That it is inexpedient
* at this time to pass any law vesting in the Presi-
dent authority for making reprisals upon French
property, in the contingency of provision not
being made for paying to the United Siates the
indemnity stipulated by the treaty of 1831, during
; the present session of the French Chambers."
; Mr. C. read the report from his seat, which
occupied an hour and a half; and when he
concluded, he submitted a proposition to make
the report and the resolution the order of the day
for Tuesday next, and that the report be printed,
' together with any of the documents which any
gentleman might desire
Mr. TALL-MADGE suggested to the honor-
able chairman the propriety of making the report
the special order for Tuesday, two weeks hence—
and whilst he was up, lest it might be inferred,
from the general language of the report, that it
had received the unanimous approbation of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, he felt it his
duty to express to the Senate his dissent from
some portions of it. He concurred with the hon-
orable chairman [Mr. Clay] in many of the
views which he had taken of this interesting sub-
ject; but there were others in which he could not
concur—there were some of the premises, .the
arguments, and conclusions, which he could not
approve. He believed that the President was
fully justified and borne out by the correspond-
ence, in the positions which he had assumed in
his message to Congrest. He entertained no
doubt of the binding obligation of the treaty on
France, and the duty of the French Chambers to
carry it into effect; and thata refusal on their part
to make the necessary appropriation to meet the
stipulations contained in it, would be a violation
of the pledged faith of the nation. He dissented
entirely from that part of the report in relation to
the effect supposed to have been produced on the
Chamber of Deputies, in the late rejection of the
bill, by reason of the correspondence of Mr.
Rives, the abieandskiUfulnegotiatorof the treaty.
He had no doubt of the power of Congress to
pass a law at this session authorizing reprisals on
French property, in the manner recommended by
the President. But this was no time for discus-
sion or argument on these or other matters of the
report. He would only say, that with a knowl-
edge that the French Chambers had been con-
] vened nearly a month earlier than was anticipated
by the President, when he communicated his
message to Congress, he was of opinion, when
this subject was under consideration before the
committee, that, as a matter of expediency, it
were better that no report be made, until we had
heard further of the action of the Chambers, and
which we were in the daily expectation of hear-
ing.
Mr. CLAY said it was true that this subject,
the report—and he regretted to say it—was not
entirely coincided in by all the members of the
committee; he did not know whether there was
a concurrence in the resolution or not. It was
true that it was not time to enter into the argu-
ment now, for the only thing was, what time
should be chosen for the consideration. He
thought that the sooner Congress manifested its
will on this subject, the better—better for the
country, its commercial operations, and the va-
rious insurances made. And he had a perfect
persuasion that if it was the intention of Con-
gress not to pass a law authorizing reprisals in
the contingency indicated by the President, the
sooner it was known, as we'll on the other side
of the Atlanticason this, the better. He thought,
therefore, that the postponement to the time sug-
gested ought not to prevail. He did not know
what France might do, or what construction she
would put upon the late message of the Presi-
dent, nor anything about the view she might
take of it. If she should fly into a passion on
account of it, we might be involved in serious
difficulties But if she was prudent, she would
wait to see whether the message should be sec-
onded by Congress. If Congress thought it ex-
pedient to pass no such law as-that requested by
the President, but that it was safest and wisest
to wait for the action of France, he asked, would
it not be likely to produce a better effect? He
did not know whether a discussion would ensue
upon the report or resolution. We hold the neg-
ative, said Mr. C. We are in favor of no law,
and, therefore, there would probably be no dis-
cussion. It was only m the event of a proposi-
tion to pass a law that a discussion could ensue.
It was necessary to a good understanding be-
tween the two countries,-that there should, at as
early aperiod as possible, bean announcement of
our intentions upon the measure suggested by the
President. He was, therefore, opposed to the
postponement for two weeks. He thought the
document might be printed and on our tables in
two days.
The postponement to next Tuesday was agreed
to.
Mr. CLAY then moved that the report be
printed; which was agreed to.
Mr. POINDEXTER moved that twenty thou-
sand additional copies be printed for the use of
the Senate.
Mr. CLAY had no objection to the number;
but he thought'five thousand were sufficient.
Mr. POINDEXTER replied that our existing
relations with France were of the utmost import-
ance to the nation; and he thought the views of
the enlightened committee on the subject should
be fully spread before the country. Although
they would probably be circulated by means of
the public journals, yet that would not be done
in sufficient time. Twenty thousand, he thought,
was not too much. Thirty thousand copies of
the report of the Post Office Committee had been
printed last year, and spread over the whole
country. This was not a less important docu-
ment, since it would enable the people to witness
any conflict that might take place between this
branch of the Government and the President of
the United States.
1 Mr. CALHOUN said he would vote for the
! largest number. He had hoard it read with great
pleasure; it contained all the documents upon a
question which was of the utmost importance.
War was at all times to be avoided—and of all
calamities which could befall this country, he
considered a war with France would be the most
unfortunate.
Mr. EWING said that he also would vote for
the largest number. If he had the whole number
of twenty thousand copies, they would not be
more than sufficient to give his constituents ail
the information they wished.
Mr. PORTER was also determined to vote for
the largest number. He was extremely anxious
that his constituents should be informed of the
precise situation of this question. There could
be no doubt that if the appropriation to carry the
treaty into execution should not be made, the two
countries  were  drifting to a-position in which
