THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
znt*enmKo&&
PRINTED  AND  PUBLISHED   AT  THE   CITY  OF  WASHINGTON,
BY BLAIR & RIVES,
Second Session, 23d Congress.                           '               MONDAY, JANUARY 19, 1835.
Volume 2....No. 7.
motion lie was about to make would be received
by the House, but his object was to come to a
determination on this subject, someway or other.
The House had already spent two weeks on this
bill,and, to all appearances, were likely to spend
two or three more, unless some final stop was put
to it. In the mean time, there was much important
private business on the table, and among it some
that greatly concerned his constituents. He there-
fore called for the previous question.
The motion for the previous question was lost.
Mr WISE expressed a desire to address the
House; but, as the day was somewhat advanced,
he moved to adjourn.
The motion was negatived.
Mr. WISE said: Mr. Speaker, I am in favor
of the amendments proposed by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Pope,] and would sustain
them, if I thought wo could go into committee
with safety to this bill. But believing that the
motion to recommit will be used, not by the
gentleman himself, however, to defeat this bill
entirely, I shall oppose the recommitment, and
support the bill as it is, rather than endanger
its passage by attempting to amend its minor
defects.
My colleague [Mr. Allen] who addressed the
* House the other day in opposition to this bill,
distrusted all legislation which appeals to preju-
dice or passion—to feelings of national pride or
glory; to neither of which does this bill appeal
so much as to an enlightened sense of national
justice and policy and individual right, founded
solely on the just law, that "the laborer is
worthy of his hire," and that* the faithful servant
who labors much, risks much, is responsible for
much, and deprived of much, in important pub-
lic service, should be adequately paid in propor-
tion to his labor, his risk, his responsibility, and
his privation.
Sir, I fear there was no necessity to awaken
distrust against this proposed increase of the pay
of the Navy There was no manner of danger
that this House was about to be carried away by
any intemperate zeal—by any passion or preju-
dice, or by any feeling of national pride and glory
for the Navy
Far, far from there having been too much feel-
ing for this class of public officers—there has
always been a total want of feeling or interest in
their behalf. They have repeatedly come, and
you have as repeatedly sent them away empty;
they have cried, and you have heeded not their
petitions. They have knocked, and the Treasury
has been closed against them; and this, too, when
others have come, and you have loaded them
with gold—when others have but whispered, and
you have nodded your assent—when others have
taken the key? and opened the door without
knocking, and you have turned away your heads
from the robbery of the Treasury, to keep from
being States' evidence ! The Army pay has
been increased; the Secretaries ha*c been made
courtiei s; their clerks,like candles, are yearly new
dipped; one Department has learned to take the
public money without asking, and you have made
all extra appropriations asked for besides—have
put your own hands pretty deeply into the pub-
lic purse, and the very messengers, footmen,
" Columbia's white slaves" of you all are richly
larded with the very drippings of extravagant ex-
penditures of the public money.
And look at the Navy pay-list! The very same
it was in the time of Paul Jones, and the only
pay-list of any branch of your service not stained
with wastefulness, but pale and meager with de-
grading parsimony. And now, forsooth, you are
told not to let a sense of national pride and glory
carry you away, in the midst of all this scene of
extravagance on other subjects, in preventing the
elbows of your captains from peeping through
their coat-sleeves on the quarter-decks of your
proudest shife on foreign stations! Sir, i do
invoke the national honor and pride to remove
injustice, to preserve something like equality of
pay amongst all public servants, according to
their duties and responsibilities     No one need
invoke the glorious achievements of your Navy,
which has prpved to be one of the most faithful
public servants, to increase the pay of its officers
for the purpose of gratifying pride merely, when
your present Secretary of the Navy reports that
their pay " is altogether inadequate to an honorable
discharge of their duties." Yes, sir, " to an Hon-
orable discharge of their duties;" and when, too,
your own committees have reported it to be " de-
gradinghj low."
It is with these reports and this evidence, they
approach you, saying, proving that the-inade-
quacy of their compensation is killing to their
spirit, their pride, their honor, and common hon-
esty, weakening to the Navy's strength, injurious
and destructive to the public interest, by degrading
and corrupting the country's fighting men. It
is upon these topics of justice and interest, and
not of glory, though of national honor and pride
as connected with justice and interest, that I mean
to speak; though I cannot see the unfcirness of a
good and faithful servant's pointing to his well-
doings, when he comes to ask justice at the hands
of those whom he has nobly served, especially if
he has been more than thrice ungratefully refused
his just due. He should be paid in some gam, and
not all in glory; and, if in seeking his due, he
should happen to speak of his deeds, his solid ar-
gumentofinadequatecompensation should hardly
be impaired in our minds by his stirring up the
recollections of his past glorious services to the
country.
Sir, I wish to present some facts to the House.
The gross amount of the present pay of the com-
mission and warrant officers provided for in the
bill is, in round numbers............. .§770,000
The select committee first propose an in-
crease of..................5UC,000
By its second report it proposed
an additional increase of-----    84,000
All the amendments m the Com-
mittee of the Whole and in
the House have increased the
_ pay....................
Making the whole increase..
G,000
206,000
The gross amount of pay as proposed
by this bill........................#976,000
Relying, then, upon the reports of the Depart-
ment and of the committee, that there should be
some increase, the sole question is, whether this
amount uf increase is too much ?
The present pay of the Navy was fixed in the
eighteenth century. The changes since then have
been great in every point of view. Though arti-
cles of family and personal consumption are
perhaps lower now than then, yet the wants of
men have multiplied in a quadruple ratio. Re-
spectable living is much higher to the officers.
What was respectable living then is mean now,
to almost every grade and class of society.
The Navy itself has greatly increased, and its
duties multiplied; the responsibilities of its ser-
vice much more onerous than formerly; the living
of officers, their duties and responsibilities then
being to the living of the officers, their duties and
responsibilities now, as a ship of war then would
be to a hne-of-battle ship now.
The present pay is said to be " degradingly
low." I should think, then, that the sum of
$20,000 was no very great increase to raise the
pay of so many officers and men from sucha
condition to that of a respectable footing. This
sum appears reasonable to mo, especially when
the whole list, with its increase, will gain by
comparison with that of any other branch of ser-
vice. And if the increase of pay is not in the
aggregate too much, there is no reason for re-
committing this bill on account of its form.
The officers of every grade more generally unite
in approving the pay proposed, and its distribu-
tion, and are better satisfied with what they call
the "symmetry" of this bill than with that of any
other ever proposed. For this I have the authority
of respectable officers of every grade.    And the
mam object of this bill is not only to increase
and regulate, but to equalize the pay of the offi-
cers—not to equalize the pay of the Army and
Navy, but to equalize the pay of the Navy by
itself. It was found wholly impracticable to com-
pare the pay of the Army with that of the Navy
There can be no assimilation of the pay of the
two, because there does not and cannot exist
any relation whatever of grades and duties be-
tween them, except by the mere arbitrary regu-
lation of the two Departments, for the idle pur-
poses of etiquet.
There are and must be more numerous grades
in the Army than in the Navy. And the duties
of a sailor to those of a soldier can no more be
assimilated than the fishes of the sea to the birds
and beasts of dry land. But as a comparison was
instituted by my colleague, I must beg leave to
set him right as to certain errors of which he was
guilty, both as to the pay of the officers of the
Army, and as .to the relative pay of Army and
Navy.    By regulation of the Departments alone,
Commodores rank with brigadier generals;
Captains with colonels; _
Masters commandant with maj,ors;
Lieutenants with captains.
Now, sir, my colleague, Tsery honestly no
doubt, but very unjustly to the Navy, took the
pay of thirty-six captains of the Navy, (a com-
modore is nothing more than a captain,) and
compared its gross amount with thatof one major
general, two brigadier generals, and the colonels
of the Army. The balance was large, of course,
ag-ainst the Navy, but, sir, it was a false balance.
There is no grade of the Navy as high, or cor-
responding with that of major general. Below
him, to the rank of captain' in the Army, with
whom a lieutenant of the Navy ranks, there is a
most numerous list of superior officers, all rank-
ing higher by brevet than their nominal grades,
and some of them receiving the brevet pay.
In the Navy, the highest rank is that of cap-
tain. There is no topmast higher to which a
sailor may climb. Here promotion in the Navy
is dammed up; and the number of this rank is,
of course, comparatively much greater than that
of the corresponding rank in the Army. But as
the first grade of the Navy ranks with brigadier
generals and colonels, and the second grade with
majors, we must compare the pay of the Navy
captains with that of all the officers of the Army,
from major generals down to majors, with whom
masters commandant rank. How stands the
comparison then?
From major general to majors, according to
the report of the Secretary o'f War, there are
thirty-eight generals and colonels and lieutenant
colonels, as offsets to the thirty-six captains of
the Navy.    How stands their relative pay?
Sir, I will not touch that Blue Book, alie upon
the calendar. I refer you, sir, to Adjutant Gen-
eral Jones's report to Congress in 1833-'33. He
makes the statement of the Army pay, under the
present law:
Rank.                                 Total pay per year.
1,512 64
"4,422 32
2,941 32
2,372 32
2,106 32
Major genera)..............
Brigadier general.....•.......
Colonel...................
Lieutenant colonel..........
Majors....................
This table, with the notes, will enableus to
ascertain very nearly what the Army pay is.    _
" Note.—Officers are required to keep their
1 servants and horses, to entitle them to their
' allowance."                                                       ,
" Double rations are allowed to officers when
' commanding separate posts, and are to be added
' to the above in such cases."
" Fuel and quarters are allowed by regulations,
' and paid through the Qurtcrmaitev-'s department,
' andaré not included in this table."
The subsistence or rations of a Major General
per year amount to $1,095.
Double rations......................® '¿hn
House rent (fuel not included) about..     suu
Double rations and rent.............£líS_
