1835.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE                                    111
risk and profit regulated the premiums, which
were also excessively high. If, then, the loss
should be returned, the insurer was enriched by
high premiums, whilst he had the loss returned to
him. This, ho thought, a tolerably fair business
for insurers. We are told, to be sure, of " widows
and orphans" who await the tardy justice of Gov-
ernment. He thought it likely there might be
some, and some very rich ones, too. The widows
and orphans of the original losers, however, he
expected were few in number, and only thrust
forward ¡h the foreground of the picture, whilst
rich insurers, underwriters, and speculators, in
greater numbers, lay back, concealed in its more
remote and deepening shades.
Mr. K. said he had been unable to bring his
mind to the support of this bill. It was but right,
however, that he should confess, in conclusion,
(although he could net Say he was prejudiced) he
had a powerful weight of presumptive evidence
to get rid of, before he could look into details to
get at the original merits of the claim. He said
it might be safely assumed that no Government
in the world was more just to the claims of its
citizens than that of the United States, and if at
any time a claim was not allowed when pressed
upon it, the refusal was a strong circumstance
against it. This claim had been before Congress
for thirty-four years, and had not yet got through
both Houses of Congress. And during a portion
of that period it was known that we were not
looking out for ways and means to defray the
expenses of Government, but actually looking
out for ways and means to absorb an apprehended
surplus. 1 would say, then, (said Mr. K.,) that
if this claim was refused by Government from
1800 to 18:24, it might reasonably be put down
as doubtful, if from 1824 to 1832, we might put
it down as very doubtful; and if it passed through
the generous year of 183a, without being allowed,
we might with much reason venture to consider
it desperate and unworthy the attention of any
tribunal or Government. He bad not, however,
dependedentirely upon thesestrongcircumstances
against the claims, but had listened attentively to
the speeches for and against them, and had revived
his recollection of the most material historical
facts upon which they rested, and his first un-
favorable impressions were fully confirmed, and
he should vote against the bill. Though he fully
concurred in the sentiments of the Senator from
South Carolina, that if, notwithstanding the age
and amount of the claims, they were really just,
and the honor of the Government were involved
in withholding them, the appropriation should be
made, if it took the last dollar in the Treasury,
and forced us even to make new contributions to
satisfy it.
When Mr. K. concluded,
Mr. BIBB rose and said, that he was desirous
of giving his views on this question, but he was
not prepared to do so now.
Mr. B. then yielded to a motion to adjourn,
which was submitted by Mr. King, of Alabama.
Mr. WEBSTER was opposed to the adjourn-
ment, unless the honorable member from Ken-
tucky desired it.
Mr. BIBB said he certainly did.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE  OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tiiubsuat, Jimiuinj 8, 1635.
Petitions and memorials were presented, on
leave, by
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina;
Mr. GORIIAM, of Massachusetts;
Mr. BEATY, of Kentucky;
[Mr. Bcaty presented the petition of James
Smith, of Omnbeilund county, Kentucky, pray-
insrCongn'fs to grant him a section of land; which
was ref'enrd to'the Committee on Public Lands.]
Mr. vVARDWELL, of New York;
Messrs. K1NNARD, LANE, and EWIjNG,
of Indiana;                                          .
[Mr. Kin-n-aro presented the application of John
G ntlitli, to be placed on the revolutionary pension
roll; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. K. also presented additional documents
in support of the petition of James Calvin. Re-
i'crrcd to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.]
Mr. BOULDIN, of Virginia;
Mr. LYON, of Michi^in;
Mr. FORESTER, of Tennessee;
[Mr. Forester presented the petition of James
Francher for a pension.]
Which petitions and memorials were referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. KINNARD.from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, made an unfavorable report
on the petition of the heirs of Bernard Lipscomb,
heir-at-law of Captain Reuben Lipscomb.
Mr. HARDIN, from the committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to alter the.times and places
for holding the circuit and district courts of the
United States for the district of Kentucky; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. FORESTER, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Joshua Columber; which was read twice, and
committed.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolutions, heretofore offered,
were, by consent, considered and agreed to:
By Mr. EVERETT, of Massachusetts:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House a copy of the re-
port of the board of engineers of the 13th March,
1834, relative to the repairs of Fort Independ-
ence, in Boston harbor, together with his opinion
of the expediency of executing the repairs pro-
posed in the said report.
By Mr. BEATY:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to report to this House whether the whole
amount or what part of the $30,000 appropriated
a^the last session of Congress for the continua-
tion of the improvement of the navigation of the
Cumberland river, has been applied to that object,
and whether its application was made under the
direction of the said Secretary or the President
of the United States, and whether the whole
amount, or what part of said $30,000 was directed
to be laid out upon said river below Nashville,
and if any part of said sum be left, will it be laid
out in continuation of the improvement of the
river above Nashville; if not, the reasons for
withholding it.
By Mr. EWING:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States be requested to transmit, or cause to be
transmitted, to this House, copies of every cir-
cular letter of instruction, emanating from the
Treasury or AVar Department, since the 30th day
of June last, and addressed to either of the re-
ceiving or disbursing officers stationed in States
wherein land offices are established, or public
works are constructing, under the authority of
Congress.
On motion of Mr. MERCER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee for the District
of Columbia be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of extending the jurisdiction of the
Corporation of Washington to the police of the
biido-enowconstructing across the river Potomac;
and that the said committee be also instructed to
inquire into the expediency of devising by law
some practicable mode of disposing of unappro-
priated or ungranted lands within the District of
Columbia.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of increasing the annual appropriation for
the improvement of the Ohio and Mississippi, to
be expended between Brownsville and the falls
of the Ohio, at Louisville.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LYON, of Michigan, offered the following
resolution, which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re- i
'quested to furnish this House with an estimate
of the probable expense of prosecuting and com- >
pleting, with great accuracy, the astronomical ¡
observations contemplated bv the act of Congress |
of the 14th July, 1832, entitled an act for taking j
of certain observations preparatory to the adjust- ,
ment of the northern boundary line of the ¡state ,
of Ohio.                                                         . «   I
Mr. FULTON offered the following resolution; I
which, under the rule, lies on the tabkone day: |
pay claims paid at the Treasury Department of
the United States, under any act or acts of Con-
gress providing for the payment of such claims;
in which list shall be specially stated the amount
of each claim, to whom originally due, to whom
paid, and by what authority; whether paid to the
claimant himself, or to his heirs, executors, ad-
ministrators, or his or their attorney or attorneys
in fact, with the names of the heirs, executors,
administrators, attorney or attorneys in fact, as
the case may be.
Mr. BYNUM offered the following resolution;
which, under the rules, lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be re-
quested to inform this House whether the com-
missioners or surveyors have been appointed, on
the part of the Government, to lay off and run
the boundary lines between the Government of
the United States and the Republic of Mexico,
than those appointed under the act of 1819, by
the stipulations made and entered into with the
Government of Spain.
On motion of Mr. TAYLOR, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of granting a pension to Joel Marshall, a
soldier of the Revolution.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, of Virginia, it was
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of author-
izing the judge of the western district of Virginia
to prescribe by a rule of court the times of hold-
ing the several courts now directed by law to be
held in said district.
On motion of Mr. PARKER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed tS inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation for securing Flat Beach,
on Tucker's Island, at Egg Harbor, in the State
of New Jersey, from further injury by inunda-
tions or otherwise, according to an estimate and
survey made by Captain Hartman Bache, as re-
ported to the War Department 6th March, 1830.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of granting to the State of Louisiana a tract
of land on each side of the route designated for
a canal from Lake Barataría to Berwick's Bay,
in said State, to aid the company organized for
the purpose of executing the work, in effecting
the object.
Washington's papers.
Mr. EVERETT, of Massachusetts, on leave,
introduced a joint resolution, authorizing Jared
Sparks to retain for the present the papers and
correspondence of General Washington, now in
his possession, and to authorize the Secretary
of State to pay to George C. Washington the
remainder of the purchase money due him by
the Government for the papers and documents-
referred to; which was read twice, and ordered to
be engrossed.
reconsideration.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, moved to re-
consider the vote of yesterday, whereby the
House refused to consider the following resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Hamee:                   .
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
amending the Constitution of the United States
so as to limit the service of the judges of the Su-
preme and inferior courts to a term of years.
Mr. HARDIN said he was notin favor of limit-
ing the tenure by which judges of the Supreme
Court held their offices to any numbers of years,
but he was in favor of making such an alteration
in the Constitution as at the age of something
like seventy, or sixty-five, or seventy-five years
they might be compelled to quit the bench. He
had no desire to make any particular reference to
any of the judges now presiding in the Supreme
Court- but it was a fact well known, that two, at
least, of those gentlemen were now between eighty
and ninety years of age-perhaps nearer the last
number-aiid one of them, he verily believed,
had been unable to hear any argument fc>r ten
;    'EXE That ^Sec^etary^ the Treasury jj 5^^.- Wh° ^ *
! £? tEffi^i^ all KS&'JSi II *$M&& Sided the gentleman from
