116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
agreed to; and, thus amended, the proposition to
print was agreed to.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. POLK gave notice that he would move,
on Monday next, to proceed to the consideration
of several appropriation bills—the Navy, Army,
and pension bilis—and, if possible, some others.
Mr. P. also stated that he was instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to give notice
that, on as early a day as practicable, a motion
would be made to take up the several bills relating
to the Bank of the United States. The committee
had hitherto abstained from pressing the consid-
eration of the bills to which he. had referred,
from a disinclination to interfere with the neces-
sary business of the House. He repeated that
the bills would be called up at the earliest pos-
sible period.
HOSPITALS ON THE OHIO.
Mr. CARR presented a joint memorial from
the Legislature of Indiana, soliciting aid from the
General Government for the purpose of estab-
lishing hospitals on the Ohio river,at such points
as may ailbrd relief to the sick and disabled
persons who navigate said river, &c; which
memorial  was   íeferred  to  lift  Committee  on
•  Commerce.
HEIRS OF JAMES  LATHAM.
Mr MAY moved to discharge the Committee
of the Whole from the further consideration of
the bill fot the relief of the heirs of James Latham,
deceased, and that the Same be engrossed.
The motion was advocated by Messrs. MAY,
and  JOHNSON of Kentucky, and  resisted  by
Messrs. LANE and EVANS, and disagreed to.
REPORT  FROM  A COMMITTEE.'
Mr. WHITE, of New York, from the Com-
mit tee on Naval Aft'ai is, reported, without amend-
ment, the following bills:
A bill to alter the titles of certain officers of the
Navy; and
A bill to authorize the enlistment of boys in
8fae Navy of the United States.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of War, transmitting, in obe-
dience to a resolution of the House, additional
information on the subject of the Cumberland
road; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy, communi-
cating the contracts entered into by the Navy
board for the year 1834; winch was laid on the
"table, and ordered to be punted.
CHARLES CALDWELL.
A bill for the relief of Charles Caldwell, of
Arkansas, was read a third time and passed.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, it was
Resolred, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a post road from
Wilkesborough,byTrap Hill,in North Carolina,
to Grayson Court-House, in Virginia,and that a
petition to that effect from the citizens of Wilkes
and Ashe counties be lei'eired to the same com-
mittee.
On motion of Mr. EVERETT, of Vermont, it !
was                                                                                |
Jtanlvcd, That the petition of LydiaParltlnust, I
presented at the last session, with the aecompa' j
nyiiiir papers, be referred to the Committee on i
lievolutionary Chums.                                               !
On motion of Mr. MrCARTY, it was                |
•     Resolved, That the Committee on the Post!
Office and Post Roads be instructed to inquire '■
into the expediency of establishing a postrante j
(rom Sooth ¡Send, by Laporte and the Upper '
Crossings of Salt creek, in Indiana, to Ottowa
in Illinois.
On motion of Mr. REYNOLDS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquiie into the expediency of
authoiizing a settlement of the claims of the
United States on die Bunk of Illinois, upon such
equitable and reasonable terms as will enable the
bank to make payment, and at the same time to
resume her banking operations.
January 10,
PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS.
The following resolution, being the unfinished
morning business, was again taken up:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the subject,
and report their opinion to this House, of the
most equal and just mode of applying the reve-
nues of the country to such works of public
improvement, within the respective States of this
Union, as may be necessary for the facilitating
of commerce with foreign nations and among the
several States; and that they, moreover, report
their opinion of the best and most practicable
mode of ascertaining and determining the nation-
ality and importance of such improvements as
may be proposed within the said several States.
Mr. CHILTON resumed his remarks by dis-
claiming any personal hostility towards, or any
intention or wish of assailing, from the line of
discussion he had been compelled to pursue, the
present Chief Magistrate of the United States.
Mr. C. had been drawn into this discussion as the
ardent friend of internal improvements. During
the last session of Congress he had taken occa-
sion to give his sentiments on this subject, and to
show that the views and hopes of the western,
country, in President Jackson, had been frus-
trated, and the pledges of that individual unre-
deemed. A very worthy gentleman, friendly to
the Executive, and whom Mr. C. was* proud to
call his personal friend, [Mr. Btndm. we believe,]
had then asserted that General Jackson had re-
deemed all his promises—which were, to put
down the system of internal improvements, abol-
ish the tariff, and to put down the Bank of the
United States. Mr. C. then look occasion to
assert otherwise, and had met with no reply 
The fact was, that it was in consequence of the
expectations excited by the previous course, the
declarations and pledges of General Jackson, that,
as soon as that individual was exalted to the high
station he now held, the table of that House w'as
literally loaded with petitions and memorials
from his friends west of the mountains, praying
for appropriations for objects of internal improve-
ment. The people of the West did consider that
up to that time iheir claims had been disregarded
by the course of the former occupier of the presi-
dential chair. The cry was reiterated, from day
to day, and Mr. C. himself responded to it at the
time, that gross injustice had been done the west-
ern country, and their interests and welfare had
been set aside, in carrying on works of internal
improvement, by the immediate predecessor of
General Jackson. Mr C. then entered into a
review of the course pursued by Mr. Adams, and
drew a contrast between his Administration and
that of the present Chief Magistrate in respect to
the same subject, the former of whom, so fir from
striving to crush the system, did all in his power
to foster and promote it.
Mr. C. then referred to the call made upon
General Jackson by Governor Ray, of Indiana,
previous to his first election, who invited him ex-
plicitly to give his sentiments on the subject, and
(Mr. C. added) if he failed in proving that the
President had changed his opinions and main-
tained the reverse of what he formerly did, he
would immediately surrender his seat on that
flooi, and consent to lose his character for con-
sistency and truth. He considered himself bound
to do this to contrast the opinions of General
Jackson himself; for if he should be able to show
that he held one set to-day and another to-mor-
row, that he avowed principles one day which he
repudiated thenext,this effect would be produced,
that whatever that individual "s opinions might be,
they were entitled to very little influence, or at
least to less than they would have if they had been
uniformly consistent and undeviatmg. Mr. C.
would invite the attention of the House to the
first act of General Jackson's administration on
this subject, viz: his veto of the Maysville and
Lexington road bill. In his last annual message,
in justification of the course he had taken, what
were the objections there made to that bill ?
That the improvement was local—that it began
and ended in the same State. Mr. C. said the
same objection might be made to every internal
improvement. Every improvement must be lo-
cated somewhere; and it was in vain to expect
an improvement to benefit all parts of the Union
alike, in a country so extended and diversified,
and with interests so various.    Did the President
entertain the same opinions when lie was in the
Senate of the United States, as when he vetoed
the Maysville and Lexington road bill? Mr. C
adverted to this to' show that he was but man
and might occasionally find himself in error, and
change, of course, just as other feeble mortals did.
Mr. C. here referred to the Senate Journals!
second session of the Eighteenth Congress, pa<*e
193, to show that General Jackson voted in the
affirmative on the bill authorizing a subscription
to the stock of the Delaware and Chesapeake
Canal Company, and that he also voted in the
affirmative on the amendment offered to that bill
authorizing a subscription for the stock of the
Dismal Swamp Canal Company. If appropria-
tions for interna! improvement (said Mr. C.) were
constitutional then, they were not less so now,
for not a solitary amendment had been made to
the Constitution of the United States since that
time. The obligations to support the Constitution
were as binding then as now. Here, then, is one
of the votes to which the friends of General Jack-
son in the West were referred when they were
called on to give him their suffrages, and this
offered a reason why so many applications for
appropriations for internal improvement were
made during the first year of his elevation to the
Presidency. Let him not be astonished over-
much, nor his friends here be astonished over-
much, that a great many applications were made.
Mr. C. was proceeding, when
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, called for the
orders of the day
CLAIM OF COMMODORE HULL.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the special order of the day, being the bill for
the relief of Commodore Isaac Hull, and the
amendment agreed to in Committee of the Whole,
to strike out that part of the bill providing for the
payment of $6,500 for extra services as Navy
agent at the navy-yard at Washington, while
commanding tire same.
Mr. BINNEY took the floor in opposition to
the amendment, and in support of the claim. He
contended that the duties of Navy agent had been
performed .by Commodore Hull, and a spirit of
equity should impel the House to requite the
services so rendered, by a fair compensation.
He continued to advocate the claim in an argu-
ment of some length—going into a minute history
of the origin of the office of naval agent, and the
duties it has involved, at various periods, from
the earliest era of the Government. He also
examined the law of 1804, which provides for the
government of the navy-yard at Washington.
That law declares that '-the commandant at the
yard shall have the superintendence and care of
the same—¡hall perform the duties of Navy agent—
and receive the pay of a captain commanding a
squadron,"(fee. This law of 1804, he contended,
should be construed according to the true intent
and meaning of the law-giver. It was designed
to apply to the circumstances and exigencies of
the times in which it was enacted, some thirty
years ago. It had been tacitly considered inop-
erative up to 1829, when a new law was enacted.
It was unjust, he conceived, to revive it now,
under circumstances widely variant from those
under which it was made, and meant to apply.
Mr. B. continued his argument for more than an
hour, and was followed by
Mr. McKINLEY, who opposed the claim.
He thought there would be great danger in ad-
mitting the constiuction of the law contended for
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bin-
net,] as opening the door to favoritism and cor-
ruption. Mr. McK. hoped the amendment of
the Committee of the Whole would prevail.
Mr. HARDIN followed on the same side of
the question. The language of the law was clear
and definite, and could not be construed otherwise
than by its strict letter. In the course of his
remarks, Mr. H. produced a letter from the
Fourth Auditor of the Treasury, statins that
Commodore Hull, prior to his entering on the
duties of his office, wus explicitly informed of the
nature of all the duties required of him; and that,
at his own instance, he was allowed an extra
clerk, of his own selection, at a salary of fcl.UUO,
which was afterwards raised to $1,300. Mr. H
said this claift was but an entering wrdge, and
would form a precedent of the most dangerous
character     It would be far better to present Com-
