1835
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
amendment which he had proposed in the Com-
mittee of the Whole, viz-
" For repairing the fortification on Castle Island,
<  in Boston harbor, according to the plan adopted !
<  by the Board of Engineers, on the 24th of March, 1
<  1834, in addition to the unexpended balance of ,
' the former appropriation, $75,000 "                       |
Mr. E  said, he would not take up the time of i
the House by repeating the observations he had
yesterday addressed to the committee.   He would j'
merely advert to one fact, which he deemed lm- i1
portant.    It had  been stated  by the honorable ,
chairnfan of the Committee of Ways and Means, ',
[Mr. Polk,] that no call had been made from the
department   for   this   appropriation.     He   pro- i
ceeded to show that such a call had been made by
the estimates of the  Board  of Engineers, and it
was on estimates alone that all the appropriations
in the bill were founded.    Mr. E. here read an
extract from a report on the subject from the
department, which declared the work to be " ne- ,
cessary "  He said there was another point wh'ch  |
seemed to be misunderstood by some individuals ,
who had spoken  on the question.   They were
under the impression that the fortification on
George's Island protected the whole harbor. This
was not the fact, as there were two channels, and
both fortifications were essential to their protec- i
tion.                                                                                i
Mr. GORHAM followed m support of the
amendment of his colleague, [Mr. Everett.] ,
He said he would content himself by reading the
report of the Board of Engineers on the matter
in contest. Mr. G. here read extracts from that
report.
Mr. POLK would follow the example of the
gentlemen from Massachusetts, [Messrs Ever-
ett and Gorham,] and not again upon the who'e
subject of discussion. He lose merely to correct
a statement which had been made, that this appro-
priation was authorized by the recommendation of
the department The appropriation of $8,000
already contained in the bill, was the estimated
amount for repairs, and no estimate had been
made for reconstruction The bill had provided all
that the department had asked for, vi¿ $15,000
for Fort Warren, and $8,000 for Fort Independ-
ence. After some further remarks, in explanation
of the present situation of these works, he called
on the House to endeavor to keep their appropria-
tions down, at least to the estimates of the officer
appointed to make them He had long with pain
witnessed the fact that all excess of appropriation
had originated m that House
Some  conveisation ensued   between Messrs.
. GORHAM, EVERETT, and POLK, not dis-
tinctly understood.
Mr PARKER addressed the House for a few
minutes, m favor of the amendment It was, he
said, admitted that the work was important, and
that it was m a state of dilapidation. It was also
apparent that $8,000 expended upon it, would be
ju^t so much money thrown away. As the ques-
tion thus presented itself, he was in favor of adopt-
ing the amendment, and on thatquesuon he asked
for the veas and nays, which were ordeied
Mr POLK said as he regarded the vote which
would be g'ven on this question indicative of the
feeling of the House on subjects of the most
emphatically vital importance, he deemed it essen-
tial to have a full House when it was taken. He
therefoie moved a cull of the House
A majority of the membeis present having
seconded the motion, the call was pioceeded in
until the Clerk had once gone through the list, and
while calling the names of the absentees tie call
was anetted by n .notion of Mr. H1ESTER for
its suspension, which was agreed to.
The amendment of Mr EVERETT, of Mas-
sachusetts, was then lend, and the question being
taken by yeas and nays, there appeared yeas bJ,
navs 120
So the House determined not to adopt the
amendment
Mr. McKIM then moved the amendment offered
by him in Comrmttee of the Whole yesterday
" For the repair of Tort Mr-Henry, in the city
"of Bilumoie,  ami   fur  putting  Ui    same  m a
•pr per ttate of deiei ce, $50,000."
Mr McK said b  should not detain the House
by a lengthy argument of the reasons which
induced him to move this item. All he should
say was, that in the opinion of the War Depart-
ment, it was thought expedient that Baltimore
should be put m a proper state of defence; and
there were papers before the House, which testi-
fied that its present defences were altogether in-
adequate. Mr. McK read a letter from the Sec-
retary of War to a similar purport, and referred
to other papers.
Mr. POLK would only remark, that a memo-
rial on this subject, from the citizens of Baltimore,
had been presented to the House, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, who had the
whole matter at this time under investigation;
and, therefore, he did not think it proper to take
it out of their hands.   The same principle applied
tion to the amendment, and asked for the yea 
and nays; which were ordered.
Mr WISE moved to adjourn; but, at the re-
quest of Mr POLK, withdrew the motion
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and decided in the negative—yeas 67, nays
111.
So the House refused to agree to the amend-
ment.
On motion of Mr. McKENNAN, -
The House then adjourned.
to this appropriation which applied to that for    TON
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 16, 1835.
Petitions and  memorials weie presented by
Messrs. KING of Alabama.TYLER.and PRES-
repairs in Boston harbor.   The House had been
furnished with no estimates.
Mr. McKIM asked for the yeas and nays on
his amendment; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided as
follows: Yeas 65, nays 130
So the House determined not to agree to the
amendment
Mr. THOMSON said, notwithstanding the two
votes of the House just recorded, he still deemed
it his duty to move the following amendment:
" For the repair of Fort Marion, formerly Fort
St. Mark's, and the repair of the sea wall at St.
Augustine, in Florida, $44,181."
Mr. T said, this was of a different character from
either of the two last. It was for the repair of a |
fort now sinking into a state of dilapidation, the j
original cost of which was said to have been
$2,000,000, and for arresting the progress of the
ocean upon the sea walls, which had been endan-
gered by the conduct of the United States offi-
Mr WHITE, of Florida, expressed his sur-
prise at the opposition these items meet with from
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means-, but he hoped he would see cause to with-
draw his opposition to the present amendment.
The gentleman objected.to the appropriation for
the city of Baltimore on the ground that the sub-
ject was before the Military Committee, and they
had not yet acted upon it. Now, here was one
recommended and introduced by that committee,
not only of the present, but of a former session of
Congress, when a distinguished gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Drayton] was its chairman
Mr TYLER presented a memorial from certain
citizens of Georgetown, praying for the incorpo-
ration of a new bank m that city, with the power
of establishing branches in Alexandria and Wash-
ington; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr  BLACK, from the Committee on Private
i Land Claims, to which was referred the bill for
the relief of Edward Fame and Elias Arnold, re-
ported the same with an amendment
Mr. BLACK, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill for the relief of Wi"
ham M Cocheral, reported the same with a 
amendment.
Also, the bill for the relief of Abraham Wrin-
kle, which had been referred to the same com-
mittee, v/ith an amendment.
Mr. KNIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
made an unfavorable report upon the petition of
Mountioy Bailey
Mr POIN DEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the follow-
ing bills, reported them as follows:
A bill granting an additional quantity of land,
in satisfaction of revolutionary bounty land war-
rants.
A bill for the relief of John Tice.
A bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Charles Colwell. [The commit'ee
dissenting from the propriety of its passage ]
A bill for the relief of William O'Neill, which,
on motion of Mr POINDEXTER, was taken up
for consideration, and then laid on the table.
Mr. TIPTON gave notice that to-morrow he
' would' ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief
I of Samuel and James Smith.
Mr. SILSBEE, from the Committee on Coin-
hich  was referred the petition  of
The gentleman objected  that  the engineer  had i                                             r(,Terreii  .„B  whm.  u.
madelo report  ana that no lecommei^ation had     ^^/^—.l   /aponed  a ¿Ü? Sn^
ruidos! ¡?VY^SSr Ihat^i^ " ~^owLces to b/made
provision laid down in the Fiench constitution,     Co^^nJ°^r siLSBEE, the bill wu taken
[hat no measure could be debated in the Chamber         On m«n   ™ *              ,            engrossed
of Renresentatives ti' it was recommended by a     up lor consiaeraiiu  ,
CabinkMinister'  He hoped not.  Mr. W. made <   ^ot^fesolutlons wMe submi([ed:
By Mr. TYLER-                          ^     ,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be instructed to inquiie into the propriety
of allowing to the legal representative of Will'am
Royall, deceased, interest on the commutation
pay allowed by an act passed at the last session
of Congress
By Mi  TIPTON.
Risolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
mstiucted to inquire into the expediency of placing
John Smith, of indnna, on the roll of invalid pen-
sionéis, from the date of his first application for a
pension, in the vear 1817
Bv Mr. BENTON:
Resohed, That the report of the Committee on
Finance, under the resolution of the Senate, to
investíate the affairs and conduct of the Bank of
the United Stages, and whith lepon was madeon
the ]8dl of December, 1834, be recommitted,
With instructions to renew and complete the in-
quiries into the subjects mentioned in the resoiu-
tl0On motion of Mr KING, of Alabama, the Sen
ate took up for cons.deiation the bill making an
aopropnation to complete the road from  Lyme
oretk to Chatahoochie,  opposite Columbus,   in
Alabama                                           ,   '   ..     t   , ,, 
Mi   KING submitted an amendmenttoobv ate
theoojection urged by Mr POINDEXTLR.when
some fuither remarks in support of the proposed
item, and hoped as the subject had been discussed
m, and recommended by a standing committee of
the House, that the amendment would prevail.
Mr THOMSON called for the reading of the
letter 'of the Secretary of War, which having been
read by the Clerk—
Mr POLK said, the letter contained no opinion
of that orsan of the Government, but merely
tiansmitted ceitain documents leferred to. What
were the facts, and what was the information
upon which the House was called upon to appio-
p, late this money > The fort at St. Marks, or Fort
Marion, as it was then called, was built by the
old Spanish Government when Tienda was ore of
the colonies of that power, foi what puroose he
believed few could imagme, for it was conceded on
all hands, that an armed force could not possibly
i .each tf. In the fust place, the depth of water
was never over nine feet, and Mr P had the
authority of the War Depai tment for the assurance
tnat it was in eve, y way unimportant forecast
defence [Mr P heie read the document inferred
to 1 Mi P. denied that he was goveined bv the
dictation of any Cabinet Minister, nor would he
yield to the dictation of any department of the
Government; but he would gladly receive any
mioimauon  within  the  scope of their  duty to
¿riVt?.
■ & Mr P  made some further lema.ks in opposi
