136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17.
the per diem allowance of eight dollars per day,
which all of the members received. Mr. J said,
that it was objected that the per diem allowance
embraced the whole recess, and was not limited
to the number of days which the committee had
been engaged in this city. He understood that
the duty ot the committee was coextensive with
the Confederacy, and not confined to this ten
miles square. It extended alike to Mame and St.
Louis, and beyond, our post offices-existed every-
where; our mail stages and mail coaches were run-
ning everywhere, and he supposed that the com-
mittee extended to a minute examination ot every-
tnmg which conceined the depaitment, of matters
and things in general. The commission was not
confined to this place, and if the committee had
performed thisarduous duty, they deserved pay for
every day of the recess, and he would not suppose
for a moment that any member of the committee
had been deficient He expected that every mem-
ber of the committee had so devoted his time to
his duty, wherever he was, that he could not, and
did not, attend to any other business. It was an
mteiruption of his time, and occupied his mind.
If this was not the case, he would not be willing
to give full wages He recollected that during
the labt session, a ¡sufficient mass of documents
had been íeported to require two months to ex-
amine and understand them. This, he understood,
was perfoimed by the committee—no doubt the
mass of useless documents would be found to be
pifctty much like two giains of wheat in a bushel
cf chaff— yet they were documents, and íequired i
examination, and close examination. He had j
conversed with several members of the committee,
and he understood ftom them that they were fully J
as much employed during the recess as members'!
ot Congress during a session, for which we leceive ,
by law, and by the will of our constituents, eight
dollars per day. Unless, therefoie, a better mode
of compensation could be devised, he should vote
for the original proposition, and he wished to give
so much by the day, and not allow mileage, or go
into constructive journeys, or the contingent ex-
penses ot the cormnutee If we depared from the
íule of payng what we all got whne in session,
we did not know what we should give, and he
wished to know precisely the amount given, and
then theie was no deception or uncertainty.
Mr J. baid he should not trouble the House any
longer on the subject.    The whole amount would
soon be expended in debate.    The committee were !
willing to take whatever the House would grant,
and he should  be contented and satisfied, what-I
I evei  it might be, but, for his pait, he wouid vote
for paying u reasonable comperisatiomji) the ser-
1 vantsoftne people, it those servantswere faithful, I
I which, in the present instance, he believed to be I
the case.    For his part, he would say,that, while |
he would make any sacnfice for his country, if
duty called foi it, yet, for money, he would not
have  undeitaken and  executed what had been
I done by the committee, for douule the amount
proposed.
Ihe discussion was here aneetcd by a call, by
Mr ASHLEY, for the ordeis of the day, which
pievailed—yeas 86, nays 72
EXECUTIVC COMMUNICATIOftS.
|     The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol
lowing communications.                                             i
A letter from the Secietaiy of the Treasury, in
answer to a lesolution of the 23d ultimo, trans- |
muting the  amount of expenditures heietofore
made under ceitain specific heads, fortifications, I
internal  improvements,  light-houses, &o , &c ,
laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a list of the clerks in his department
and then compensation, laid* on the table and
ordeted to be punted                                                   |
A lettei  from  the Secretary ef the Treasury, '
covering statements of the situation of the several
banks in the District of Columbia, refeired to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. FILLMORE opposed the claim for extra
mileage, and said it was nothing more than a pro-
tracted session, or an anticipation of the session,
so far as the committee were concerned, and he
was willing to give them what the law allowed,
but no more.                                     „
Mr. MANN wished to offer a few words of
explanation. Thegentlemanfrom Virgmiaseemed
to suppose that Mr M 's amendment proposed to
pay the committee for all the time of the recess;
this was not the case; it only proposed to give
them eight dollars a day for the time they were
actually engaged in the performance of their duty.
He had said that if that should be considered in-
adequate, and any gentleman moved an addition,
he would not oppose it, but would accept it as a
modification. One of Mr M.'scolleagues proposed
to give them something for going home to attend
to—their elections, for we might as well call things
by their right names.
Mr. FILLMORE It proposed to pay them
eight dollars a day, including " a reasonable time
for their tiavellmg respectively to the seat of Gov-
ernment,''and Mr. F. would like to know what
was meant by " a reasonable time'" Was it to
be a day's pay for every twenty miles'—for that
was the principle fixed by the law—or how was
it to be fixed ' It was immaterial what the amount
was, the principle was the same, and, as he said
befoie, it would be paying them, he would even
say íewardmg them, for going home to attend to
their private business He was disposed to act
liberally, and was willing to allow them for the
whole time from the commencement of their ses-
sion, until that of Congress, whether they were
occupied the whole time on the public business or
not. His honorable colleague asked if Congress
had not power to pay this extra allowance out of
its contingent fund. Mr F. would ask if these
persons were to be paid as commissioners or as
members of Congress' If as commissioners, an
act of appropriation must be passed, if as mem-
bers of Congress, the existing laws already regu-
lated and fixed what was to be done. The case
of the Bank investigating committee had been
cited as a precedent, but it was not in point, since
that committee had to travel out of their usual route,
whet eas in the case befoi e us the members tiavelled
from their residences dnect to this city, which they
must have done if they had not been on the com-
mittee. Mr. F declared his intention of opposing
any proposition for extra allowance.
Mr. WARDWELL said, as this seemed to be
a New York affan, he would make a few buef
remaiks. The gentleman who spoke last did not
seem to understand what the law was. If Mi
W.'s recollection was coirect, it was that no mem-
ber of that House was entitleu to any pay unles-s
he attended, and if any member went away with-
out leave, he was also not entitled to pay. He
could claim it only for actual attendance upon the
duties of the House. Mr. W said he was op-
posed to the amendment, not for the íeasons as-
signed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who
said that those who came from the greatest di&
tance had the advantage Mr W thoughtother-
wise, and that those who lived near home had the
advantage, for they could have a holiday eveiy
week, and weie not only near enough to give
piompt orders about then private ailairs, but they
might go home every Saturday night In this
case, Mr W. contended, the House had no power
to ordei the extra mileage, oi any more than the
¡awful eight dollars pel diem lie even doubled
whether they had power to pay them as a com
mitfee, but at all events, he wasdecideuly opposed
to paying them more than that
Mr It. M JOHNSON said, it was his intention
to submit a veiy few remaiks to the House     He
observed, that it was a piopei occasion  to state,
empnatitally, that he was opposed to the practice |
lately introduced of appointing committees to do |
in the recess what ought to be done dunng the '
session of Congress     He hoped that the practice
would hereafter cease     It could not, in his opin-
ion,   be justified,   nor  did   he think the people
would sanction it, whenever the subject was in-
vestigated, but having been driven into the meas-
ure in self-defence, on account of the committee
created by the Senate, it had become our duty to
fix the íate of compensation to the members, and
he was for paying them neither moie nor less tnan
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Absalom Lynch, of Mis-
sissippi; and
A bill continuing the Office of Commissioner of
Pensions.
The bill for the relief of Richard T. Archer waa
read a third time and passed.
CLAIM OF RICHARD W. MEADF.
The House then, on motion of Mr ARCHER,
went into committee (Mr. Ward in the chair)
on the bill for the benefit of the representatives of
Richard W. Meade, deceased.
Mr. HARDIN said, in rising to oppose this
claim, he labored under many embarrassments.
Among these, the moet prominent weie its pre-
sentation by one of the standing committees of the
House, and that committee distinguished, perhaps
above others, for the eminent standing and talents
ofitsmembers. Anothei souice of embarrassment
might be found in the circumstance that the claim
involved the essential interests of a widow and
female orphans. This circumstance had, no doubt,
operated on the generous feelings of various mem-
bers, but he contended that in settling down on
the propriety of allowing this claim, the subject
must be divested of all such imposing aspects.
Mr. H here went into a history of the case under
consideration. HesaidMr Meade was a resident
of the city of Philadelphia until 1804, when he
emigrated to Spam, and there embarked in very
extensive commercial transactions, in which he
was engaged until 1816, when he was thrown into
prison by theau houtiesof Spain, and remained m
durance until May, 1818. He, that year, or the
year after, arrived in the United States. The
whole amount of the claim, Mr H said, was
about $491,000, composed of vanous items,grow-
ing out of the contracts existing between Mr
Meade and the Spanish Government; he having
furnished that Government with flour and rice to
the amount of $4,629,123, between the years 180D
and 1814 This vast amount was chiefly foi the
supply of the Spanish army and the English troops
under the command of Lord Wellington. Indeed,
it was believed that those powers never could have
sustained themselves against the forces of Napo-
leon, had it not been forthe supplies furnished by
Mr. Meade Mr H next adverted to the inves-
tigation winch this claim had received by the board
of commissioneis appointed to settle the claims of
our citizens against Spam, and the opinion of
Judge Wmte, one of those commissioners. He
then proceeded to show, that, according to the
laws of nations, Mi Meade having domiciliated
himself in Spam,could claim no remedy from this
Government, for the defalcation of Spain. But it
had been said that by treaty we had given Spam
apietextforiefusing to liquidate this claim. That
because, by the treaty securing the cession of
Florida, we had assumed the payment of five mil-
lions of dollars of Spanish claims, and paid out
every dollai of the same, on authenticated clairr>3,
we were bound to pay this claim also. Mi. H.
could not subscribe to this doctnne. He pio-
tested against the principle of making this Gov-
ernment furnish an indemnity for claims which
she could not heiself recovei from the aggressing
nation She did her best to obtain justice for her
citizens, and this was all that could leasonably be
demanded of her The proper evidence to sub-
stantiate 'his claim had not been produced to the
commissioners, and they decided (no doubt cor-
rectly) aganibt it.
After Quoting the opinion of a fo.mer Secre-
tary of State, Mr H said, that in seeking this
claim from the Spanish Government, Mr Meade
had said, in a letter to the King, that he was en-
thusiastic m the cause, for the support of which
his supplies were furnished. Thai he had em-
baí ked heait and hand in ihe cause of Spain and
Wellington against Fiance And what was the
result' After the Eagies of F.a.ice were driven
from the sod of Spain, those veiy troops, the
veterans of Wellington, were sent over here to vvar
with us But he thanked God they met with a
different reception They knew not the Amer-
ican character, and deaily did t) ose veiy men, sus-
tained by the supplies of Mi Meade, pay the price
of the r temerity And now, íoisooth, Mi M.
comes foi ward and asks us to pay far the floui he
furnished to Wellington's aimy—for feeding the
enemies of the United States. Mr. H said, in
the language of the Secretaiy, just quoted, he
thought this claim, of all otheis, should be the last
