142
THE* CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January i.0,
advened to the gallant and successful defence made
by our brave toops, under the command of Colo-
nel, attei wards General Hamilton, at Mud Fort,
in the Delaware, during the revolutionary war, as
an íllusüation of the advantage of such works
The ad vanee of the British armament was impeded
by that foit tor a gieat length of time, thereby
affording our army an opportunity to take up a
secure position near the city of Philadelphia,
which afterwards fell into the hands ot the enemy
If the works on Throg's Neck, which had been
commenced, should be now abandoned, all the
money which had been expended theie would be
a total loss to the country As a proof of the
importance of this position to the security of New
York, it had been stated, and, to his own knowl-
edge, stated correctly, by his colleague, [Mr
Jarvis,] that General Howe selected this very
point as the place for debaiking the British army
dunng the wai of the Revolution, with the view
of dislodging the American army fiom the city
and island of New York. During the whole of
that war it was considered as one of the most
important, and one of the most assailable positions
in the vicinity of New York; and such, he had no
doubt, would again be the case in the event of
another war. He, therefore, hoped the House
would not strike out the appiepilation, and more
especially since it had undergone the scrutiny and
received thesanctionofthe Committee of Ways and
Means, to which the subject pioperly belonged.
Mr. MANN, of New Yolk, said, if this was
an original proposition he should have no hesita-
tion whatever m voting against it, but as it then
stood, the case was different. Some gentlemen
had made it a local matter, for the exclusive benefit
of the city of New York, but the fact was, that
Throg's Neck was situated at a distance of about
twelve miles from that city, on Long Island.
Moreover, in General Bernard's repoit, this place
is made an object of especial attention, and was
among the plans recommended by him in 1820, as
•worthy of being put in a situation of defence.
Mr. M. said he should vote for no new works till
those already in existence were fully armed
They had been told that the fortifications of Boston
and Baltimore were not furnished with a single gun,
and he thought it time for the House to turn its
attention to armaments, and not to the erection of
new works
Mr. HEATH, of Maiyland, also spoke in favor
of the appropriation. He hoped the New Yoik
delegation would also show a liberal disposition
towards important appropriations for the defence
of the smaller States. We were one people—our
interests were all essentially combined, and we
should act as a band of brothers for the true m-
•terests of all, lie hoped the appropuation would
be retained
The question was then taken on striking out the
appropriation by yeas and nays, and decided in the
negative, as follows: Yeas 87, nays 114
The bill was then oideied to be engrossed for a
third reading to moirow, without amendment.
On motion of Mr. EVERETT, of Massachu-
setts,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tolsday, January 20, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented by—
Messrs. PRENTISS, HENDRICKS, POR-
TER.PRESTON, TIPTON, KING, of Alabama,
BROWN, and WEBSTER.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a memorial and
joint resolutions trom the Legislature of Indiana,
praying for a donation of ¡and, and an appropria-
tion in aid of completing the Wabash Canal,
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Navy Department,
transmitting the correspondence with Loami Bald-
win, relative to his supermtendency of diy docks,
at Charleston, South Carolina, in pursuance of a
resolution of (he Senate for that purpose.
On motion of Mr. HILL, the communication
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRESTON gave notice, that to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce a bill to prevent
frauds and impositions upon the pension laws.
Mr KING, of Alabama, gave notice, that to-
morrow he would ask leave to introduce a bill for
the íehef of Moses Beard and otheis
Mr TIPTON, from theCommiti.ee on Claims,
reported a bill tor the relief of Joseph Hard 5 ,
which was read the first time, and ordered to a
Second reading
Mi LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which the same was referred,
reported a bill confiimin^ claims to land 111 Mis-
souri, and forothei pui poses, with an amendment
Mr POINDEXTER, fiom the Committee on
Public Lands, to which a resolution on tne sub-
ject wad referred, lepoited a bill authoring the
investment of the two per cents oí Mississippi,
resei ved for making ioadj, in certain bank stocks,
which was read the fust time, and ordeied to a
second leading.
The following resolutions, lying on the table,
were taken up, consiuered, and adopted.
By M¡  PORTER
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canal  be mstiuctud to wquireinlo the expediency
ot making an appropuation to repan and complete
the road leading from the noithe-p boundaiy 'me
of Arkansas, by Little Rock and Washington, to
Fulton, on the north bank of Red nvei
By Mr. TIPTON
Resolved, l'hat the Committee on Roads and
Canals beinstiuctedto inquiie into the expediency
of making an appropuation to repair the military
road leading* fiom Fort Jesup, in Louisiana, to
Fort Towson, in Arkansas.
By Mr. BENTON:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs inquire into the expediency of appropriating
a suitable sum of money m assisting the officeis
and soldiers of the aimy of the United States, at
the several militaiy posts, to obtain the services of
chaplains.
The following resolutions were submitted:
By Mr. WAGGAMAN:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of constructing, at the national expense, a railroad
from Jacksonville, on the St John's river, to the
mouth of Suwanee river, at its entrance into
Vacasausa bay, on the side of the Gulf of Mexico,
or to such other convenient point on said river as
may be judged most expedient.
By Mr. HENDRICKS:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to mqunemto the expediency
of authorizing the several íailioad companies char-
tered by the State of Indiana, to constiuct roads
from the Ohio river into the interior of the State,
to use the timber of the public lands in the con-
struction of their respective works, and also, to
inquueinto the expediency of malting grants of
the public land for the location of such roads, and
to aid the companies in making them wherever
the same may pass ovei any unsold lands of the
United States.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, directing the Commissionei of Public
Buildings to have the statues, executed by Pérsico,
and now in the íotundo, placed m the niches in
front of the Capitol, for which they were dea.gned,
was read twice and lefericd
The bill for the relief of Richard B. Archer was
read the fust time, considered as in Committee of
the Whole, anu ordered to a second reading.
The bill from the House of Representatives
authorizing the superintendent of Indian affairs at
St Louis to employ a clerk, was read twice and
referred
The bill for the relief of Charles Lynch, and
The bill to exempt merchandize imported under
certain circumstances fiom the operation of the
tariff of 1828, were severally read the third time
and passed
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Moses
Shcpperd, deceased, came up for a third reading.
Mr. HILL renewed his opposition to the bill,
and submitted a motion, " That the bill be recom-
mitted , with instructions to specify the several items
on which allowances shall be made, the amount
allowed on each item, and the aggregate amount <
on all the items, which amount shall be in full of I
all claims   pertaining to the several contracts.
made oy Moses Sheppeid for construct ng any
pait of the Cumbeilard load "
Upon which Mr H. asked the yeas and nays,
and they were otdered.
Aftei some reniaiks from Mr HENDRICKS,
in- opposition to the motion, and in favor ot the
immediate passage of the bi'l, the question -Has
taken on the recommitment and agreed to—yeas
24, nays 19, as follows-
VEAS—Messrs Benton, Bibb. Black, Brown,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Cuthbert, Giundy, H'll,
Kane, Kirg of Alauama, King of Georg.a, Linn,
McKean, Morris, Preáton, Robinson, Shepley,
Swift, Tallmadge, Iipton, Waggaman, Whue,
Wright—24
NAYS—Messrs Bell, Clay, Clayton, Ewmg,
Fielmgliuv^en, Hendru k«, Kent, Ltigh, Mooie,
Naudam, Poindextei, Portei, Prentiss, Robbing,
Silsbee, Snvth, Tom inson, Tyler, Webaei—19
On motion of Mi CLAY, ihe Senate then pio-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Tuesday, January 20, 1835
Petition's and memorials weie presented, on
leave, by —
Mi   rEYTON, of Tennessee,
Mi. GORHAM, of Massachusetts;
Messls. CARR and EVVING, ot Indiana;
[Mr Carr presented amenional and joint reso-
luuon of ihe General Assembly of the State of
Indiana, piaymg a furthei donation of the public
domain, to assist in the completion of the Wabash
and Eue Canal, and in the construction of such
other works of internal improvement as will have
a tendency to open a line of communication be-
tween the Wabash and Ohio rivers; which, upon
his motion, weie referred to the Committee on
Roads and. Canals, and ordered to be printed ]
And Mi  GAMBLE, of Georgia;
Which petitions and memorials were referred
Mr BARR1NGER, from the Committee on
Military Affans, leported a bill for the relief of
James Taylor, which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. WARDWELL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported, withoutamend-
ment, the bill from the Senate to continue the
office of Commissioner of Pensions; which was
committed
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported the following bills, which weie
read twice, and committed to a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, viz:
A bill authorizing the construction of a dry
dock for the naval service.
And a bill to provide for constructing three
steam batteries.
Mr FOSTER, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported, without amendment, the bill from
the Senate inci easing the compensation of the
marshal of the district of Delaware, which was
commuted
Mr CLAY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, leported, without amendment, the bill from
the Senate for the relief of Samuel Smith, Lynn
Magee, and Semoisa, Creek Indians; which was
commuted.
Mr CLAY, fiom the same committee, reported
a bill to extend the time of issuing scrip certificates
on United States land warrants; which was read.
Mr. CLAY asked that the bill might be read a
second Ume, with a view to its engrossment.
After a  short  discussion  of an   explanatory
character by Messrs. VINTON, CLAY, R. M
JOHNSON, and DENNY, the bill was read a
second time, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading
Mr. CLAY, from the same committee, reported
a bill in relation to patents for public lands sold
by the, United States, or for private land claims
confirmed; which was read twice and postponed
for one week
Mr. CLAY, from the same committee, reported
a bill to authorize the city council of St. Augus
tine to widen the stieets of said city; which was
read twice and ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. POPE, from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, reported an amendment to the bill "to
