1635.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
US
The following resolutions, submitted yesterday,
were taken up, considered, and agreed to:
By Mr. WAGGAMAN:
Resolced, That tiie Committee on Koads and
Canals be instructed to niq lire into the expediency
of constructing at the national expense, a railroad
from Jacksonville, on the St. John's river, to the
mouth of the Suwanee rxver, at its entrance into
Vacasausa bay,on thesideof the Gulf of Mexico,
or to such other convenient point on said river as
may be judged most expedient.
By Mr. HENDRICKS:
Resolved, That the Committee  on  Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of   authorizing   the   several   rmlioad   companies
chartered  by the Sate c:f Indiana, to construct ¡
roads fiom the Ohio river into the i.iitrior of the :
State, t.i use the timber of the public lands m the I
construction of their respective works; and also, {
to inquire into the expedif ncy of making grants
of the public land for the location of such roads, j
and to aid the companies in making them wherever ¡
the same may pass over any unsold lands of the j
United States.                                                               |
The following resolution was submitted by Mr. |
HENDR1C.XS:                                                           ¡
Resoloed, That the Committee on the Judiciary j
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of fix- j
ing by law, the time of commencement and close |
of every succeeding session of Congress.                 |
The unfavorable report of the Committee on
Claims upon the petition of Benjamin 1. Heard,
and the unfavorable report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims against the claim of the
heirs of Colonel Harry Dixon, deceased, were
severally concurred in.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, directing the Commissioner of Public
Buildings to have the statues, executed by Pérsico,
and now in the Rotundo, placed in the niches in
front of the Capitol, for which they were designed,
was read the second time as in Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill for the relief of Richard P. Archer was
read the second time and referred.
The bill authorizing the registers and receivers
of public moneys to administer oaths, was taken
up and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. POINDEXTER said, that several weeks
ago he offered a resolution calling on the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office for copies of the
oaths which had been prescribed to be taken by
persons prior to making entries of public land.
No answer had yet been received from that office
to this resolution, and none, he presumed, would
be made to it. This bill was intended to cover a
palpable violation of public law on the part of the
Treasury Department, and, as he wished an an-
swer to the resolution, he would, with that view,
move to lay the bill upon the table; which was
agreed to. '
The bill making an appropriation to improve
the harbor at or near the mouth of the river Raisin,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill for the relief of William C. Easton was
taken up and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.                                                            .    „
After some remarks by Mr. TIPTON, m favor
of the bill, Mr. HILL moved to lay it on the
table; which was agreed to.                                     -
The bill for the relief of William Pettiplace and ¡
others, heirs and legal representatives of Joseph ,
White, deceased, was considered asm Committee I
of the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a j
third reading.                                                    ,           >
The bill for the relief of David Lynch and
others was taken up for consideration, and             I
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, was laid ,
on the table, with a view to allow some further i
examination to be made into its merits.                   j
Mr. BENTON, from the Military Committee, ,
reported a bill for the relief of Colonel John Hudry, i
of New Orleans.
This report having been made—                           I
Mr.  WAGGAMAN   observed   that Colonel ,
Hudry had last night committed suicide.                 :
Mr. BENTON expressed his astonishment and
regret at so melancholy an occurrence, and too* .
the opportunity to say that he was well acquainted
with Colonel Hudry at New Orleans, where he
behaved with great gallantry during the late war,
and sustained great pecuniary sacrifices. He also
believed that the claim was perfectly correct and
just.
Mr. PORTER remarked that a more melan-
choly event had rarely occurred within his recol-
lection.    He knew the individual well, and knew
him to be a most estimable man, and everything
that had been said of him by the gentleman from
Missouri was well merited.    He did behave him-
self most gallantly at New Orleans, both on the
j! 23d of December and the 8th of January,"1815,
| ¡ and expended there in various munitions of war
11 from ten to fifteen thousand dollars from his pri-
ij vate purse, for which he had never been com-
|| pensated.    That he came here last winter, press-
¡j ing his claim, and there was no doubt it would
;i have been allowed, but he last night put an end to
,: his existence from utter despair of its recovery,
j!     Mr. BENTON then suggested the propriety of
;i a recommitment of the bill, with a view to its
jl amendment, so as to allow the claim to the heirs
|' and legal representatives of the deceased.
|1     Mr. KING, of Alabama, remarked that he was
¡j a member of the Military Committee, and from
11 the examination he had given the claim, he had no
doubt of its being correct.   But he suggested to
the gentleman from Missouri, to take up the bill
for consideration now, and amend it conformably
to his proposition.
Mr. BENTON acceded to the suggestion, and
on his motion,
TheSenate proceeded to consider the bill, which
was amended so as to make the allowance (about
$4,366) to the heirs and legal representatives of
Colonel John Hudry.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, pursuant to notice,
and on leave given, introduced a bill to revive the
act of 1824, for the relief of the heirs and legal
representatives of John Donalson and Stephen
Heard; which was read twice and referred.
Mr. LEIGH, from the Judiciary Committee,
made an unfavorable report upon the petition of
Sarah Yorke.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill to remove the land
office in Mississippi, from Clinton to Jackson;
and the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. PRESTON gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of Thomas Cooper, of South Carolina.
Mr. PRESTON, pursuant to notice, and on
leave given, introduced a bill to detect and punish
frauds and impositions upon the pension laws;
which was read twice and referred.
Mr. LINN, from the committee to which the
bill for the relief of Bartholomew Butcher and
Peter Butcher had been referred, reported the
same without amendment.
The bill making compensation for French spoli-
ations prior to 1800, came up as the special order,
when,                                      „„ .                          ,
On motion of Mr. SHEPLEY, it was postponed
till to-morrow.
The bill to distribute for a limited time the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands among the
several States, came up as the special order; and
On motion of Mr. CLAY, it was postponed to
this day week.
The bill graduating the price of the public lands,
and providing for the sale of those which have
been longest in market, came up as the special
order; when                                 ,    „                      ,
Mr. BENTON moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business, with a
view to the despatch of business which remained
unfinished.
Mr. CLAYTON remarked that there were
several Senators unavoidably absent.
Mr CLAY said he was very desirous that the
Senate should engage in executive business; and
he came to the Senate Chamber to-day for that
purpose, but there were several Senators absent
who desired to be present at that time. He there-
fore suggested to put it off till to-morrow.               f
Mr. "BENTON then waived his motion, and
moved to postpone the bill to Wednesday next;
which was agreed to.
Several other land bills lying on the table were   •
postponed to the same day.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill for the relief of
Nicholas D. Coleman, and after some remarks
by Mr. LEIGH and Mr. BLACK in favor, and
by Mr. CLAY in opposition to the bill, it was
negatived.
The joint resolution, directing the President of
the United States to cause to be presented to Col-
onel Croghan and his under officers, medals,
struck with suitable devices, as a testimony of
national gratitude for their deeds of patriotism and
valor in defence of FortSt. Stephens, being under
consideration—
Mr. BIBB gave a brief outline of the history
and events connected with that brilliant affair, and
paid a handsome compliment to the officers and
soldiers who fought in defence of that fort.
The resolution was agreed to.
The following bills were considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time:
A bill confirming the titles to certain lands in
Florida to General Carara;
A bill authorizing the construction of a railroad
through the lands of the United States, from Talla-
hassee to St. Marks, in Florida;                     *•
A bill making appropriation for completing cer-
tain improvements in Florida;
A bill appropriating $20,000 for removing sand-
bars in the Mississippi river, amended,
On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, by adding a
clause directing the appropriation to be extended
under the direction of the Secretary of War.
A bill providing for the adjustment of certain
land claims in Louisiana;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Magruder.
The bill, reported by the Committee on Public
Lands, for the relief of Silas B. Fisher, was, on
motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, laid on the table.
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 21, 1835.
Mr.   FORESTER,  from  the   Committee  of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the heirs
of Benjamin Gentry; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. FORESTER, by consent, submitted the
following resolution:
Resolved, That a select committee, consisting of
______members, be appointed to investigate the
commutation claims- and seven years' half-pay
claims of the widows and orphans of those who
died or were killed in the service of the revolu-
tionary war, as well such commutation and seven
years' half-pay claims as have been paid, as those
which are still unpaid; and the half-pay claims
authorized to be paid at theTreasury Department
of the United States, under any act or acts of Con-
gress providing for the payment of the same, as
well those that have been paid as those that have
not, and that said committee be directed to inquire
into the expediency of passing such laws as may
be deemed expedient to prevent frauds against the
Government and the claimants.
Mr. MILLER suggested that the adoption of
the resolution would interfere with an important
bill reported by the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, on a branch of the subject embraced in the
resolution.                                  .          .                  . ,
Mr. FORESTER had no wish to interfere with
the bill to which reference had been made. His
main object was to have a full investigation of the
frauds which were known to exist, and to devise
some means of preventing others in future, not
only against the Government, but against indivi-
dual claimants.
Mr CHILTON was opposed to the adoption
of the resolution. The whole subject was before
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. It would
be a departure from the parliamentary rule, if not
a reflection upona standing committee of theHouse
to attempt to wrest from it in this way its legit-
mate functions and duties.
Mr VANDERPOEL agreed witn the gentle-
man from Kentucky, that it was unnecessary to
