1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
T47
this answer we learn that he was elected chairman
of the committee not by a majority, but by a
minority-of that body. Every member of the
committee, nine in number, were present, and the
gentleman states that he received four votes, so
that he could not have been elected by a majority.
It was not, however, Mr. A.'s purpose, at that
time, to question the regularity of the procedure,
but to ask .that the fact of the gentleman being
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
may be entered on the Journals of the House.
He entreated the gentleman from New York, as
well as the House, to believe that the grounds
upon which he had brought this matter forward,
did not, in the slightest degree, involve the personal
respect winch he always had, and always should
entertain towards that gentleman. If it had been
the pleasure of the Speaker to appoint him in the
usual manner, no one would have been more satis-
fied with that appointment than himself. He also
believed that in accepting the office, the gentleman
be eved he was relieving Mr. A.'s colleague and
friend from a most awkward and unpleasant situ-
ation, but that was not the question. The ques-
tion was whether his honorable colleague was in
that situation, a situation of deep responsibility
and high honor.
Mr. A. thought the whole procedure was one
that ought to go before the nation, and that it
should be known whether the rules, orders, and
acts of that House had been properly pursued by
the committee. It was for that reason that he had
deemed it necessary to lay the matter before the
House for consideration. It was a new thing,
and he did not understand it to have been done in
consequence of any usage, or of any established
principle. In Jefferson's Manual of Parliamentary
Practice it is stated to be the usage that " the per-
' son first named is generally permitted to act as
'chairman; but this is a matter of courtesy, every
' committee having a right to elect their own chair-
' man." That was stated as the parliamentary
usageof England, but so far from being so in that
House, he believed it would be exceedingly diffi-
cult to adduce a single instance in which a com-
mittee had elected their own chairman. He was
aware that the practice of the other House varied.
Well, then, here was a departure from usage, and
a departure in a form very questionable, viz: a
chairman elected by a minority, instead of a ma-
jority of the body over which he is to preside.
In respect to the appointment of a chairman by a
minority, he found nothing in the Parliamentary
Manual having any bearing, but he was at a loss
to see upon what ground the committee had de-
parted from the old usage. There was a positive
rule to the contrary, and he would refer to a manual
published in Pennsylvania, by a member of that
House, which stated that the election should in all
cases take place by a majority of the members
present.
Mr. A. concluded by reiterating that his object
was, that the election of chati man of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations should be made a matter
of record, and by entering upon the Journals of
the House that the chairman appointed by the
Speaker at the commencement of tiie session, had
resigned, and he made that motion accordingly.
Mr. E. EVERETT said he did not rise to dis-
cuss this matter, and he had to solicit the indul-
gence of the House under the circumstances upon
which he found himself compelled to make a brief
explanation. The honorable gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cambreleng] has said that Mr.-E 's
respected colleague had placed him before the
House in a veryembarrassiug situation, and has
justly alluded to him (Mr. E.) as one on who.m
he has long and ever stood upon a footing of inti-
mate personal friendship. It was natural perhaps
that the gentleman from New York should think
that his (Mr. E.'s) colleague had placed him in
an embarrassed situation, but Mr. E thought it
due to himself to state, to avoid any erroneous
inffrenee, that he was placed in that situation
without any concurrence or c< operation on his
part. His respected colleague had consulted him,
but had not made it in pursuance of any request
from him; on the contrary, he had done nothing
to induce his honorable colleague to bring the
matter before the House. This explanation was
necessary to remove from the mind of the gentle-
man from New York the idea that he (Mr. E.) in
any degree had prompted this movement. So
much on that ground.
Another remark which fell from the same gen-
tleman, seemed to require still more that Mr. E.
should say a word or two.   The gentleman said
that he considered instead of doing anything un-
friendly towards  him—of which   he  had   never
charged the gentleman, or designed to charge him—
that he had relieved Mr. E. from the situation in
which the delicate sense of honor of the gentleman
! from Virginia, [Mr. Archer,] at the commence-
r ment of the present session, had led him to relieve
i himself.    Now, this would seem to lead to the in-
ference that Mr. E. ought to have taken the same
, step which the gentleman from Virginia did, and
! not to have remained in a condition to receive the
1 votes of the members of the committee.   In the
1 first place he would say, that this was of all other
' the last point on which he expected to have been
called upon to addiess the House this day.   When
: his  friend   from   Georgia,   [Judge   Wayne]—he
> cayed him his friend not from mere parliamentary
I courtesy—retired from the office, Mr. E. felt the
delicacy of his situation, and at first intended to
have declined acting in ¡hat capacity, and why?
Because, by the usage of the H-iuse, (a usage by
no means without exceptions,) ttie chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs was uaderstood to
be politically friendly to the existing Administra-
tion; and this not being the case with himself, he
felt considerable delicacy on the subject, and ad-
vised with his friends as to what course he ought
to putsue.    They stated, and gave reasons which
had great weight with him, that he ought not to'
take the step which his private feehng-s preferred.
He also inquired of the honorable Speaker of the
House—he hoped he was not transcending the
line of propriety in adverting to this—whether he
considered him (Mr. E ) chairman of the com-
mittee, after the resignation of Mr. Wayne.  The
Speaker said it was his impression that Mr. E.
should  take the chair without  any hesitation.
But the governing principle upon his mind was,
that though not the political adherent of the pres-
ent Administration, he did happen to be whir the
I majonty of the committee on the great and all-im-
■ portant question before the country; and thus, by
: taking the place of chairman, he was not thrust-
' ing himself into an'awkward and  embarrassing
position, it devolving apon him under long parlia-
mentary usage.    Being in the majority, he saw
neither inconvenience nor impropriety in that step.
, More than this, he -thought, in the simplicity of
his heart,—and he stili thought,—that he took a
view of that subject which would have been unani-
mously sustained by the committee, and the House
likewise     With some misgivings, he would con-
fess, he did, acting under the specific advice of
tiie Chair, on the first meeting after the retirement
of Mr. Wayne, take his seat as chairman of the
committee, conceiving his right to do so, and re-
mained there until he was removed by the action
; of the committee.    He could assure the House
that no one could feel less regret than  he did on
, the subject, nor was there one who would more
cheerfully acknowledge the great merits of the
! gentleman from New York, or would more readily
¡ than himself, do his duty, with that gentleman as
I chairman,.   Mr. E. would conclude by repeating
that this matter had been introduced by his re-
spected colleague without his concurrence in the
slightest degree.
Mr. JARV1S. Mr. Speaker, this really appears
to me to be something like " much ado about
nothing." The whole amount of it is, whether a
committee has a right to elect its own chairman or
not—a point I never knew disputed before. As it
was through my instrumentality that the question
was brought up before the committee, I am willing,
perfectly Willing, to take the v/hole responsibility
upon myself, "whether for good or for evil."
My principal object is to make it known, that it
wasmy doing alone, and withoutconsuitation with
any member of the committee. I certainly wished
that it might have been done by some other gen-
tleman of ihe committee, but as none other saw
fit to do it, I deemed it proper myself to bring the
question to their decision. Indeed, sir, 1 was in
hopes that it would have been done by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts himself, but the question
having been brought up in the committee, it was
perfectly understood, nor did any difference exist,
that the first named gentleman was chairman only
by courtesy, and that the committee had the right
to elect their own chairman. I regret that this
discussion has taken place, because it is on a sub-
ject which, I had never before-heard questioned—
the «ght of a committee of this House to elect its
own chairman.
We have been told that the present chairman
was elected by a minority of the commiuee; but
thehonorable memberfrom Massachusetts labored
under a mistake when he made that assertion.
What are the facts?    The committee consists of
nine members; at the first ballot there were eight
votes thrown—four for the gentleman who is now
chairman, and three for the other gentleman from
Massachusetts,  [Mr.   Everett,]  and   one   for
another highly respectable member of the commit-
tee.    At the second ballot there were seven votes
thrown, four being a majoriiy thereof, as many
, were given in for the gentleman from New York,
: [Mr   Cambreleng,] and  he was declared duly
| elected.    Now, sir, let me ask, what is the usage
| of this House?    Do we require a majority of the
; whole body to elect an officer—not even except-
i ing  the Speaker?   No,  sir, we require only a
1 majority of a quorum; and a majority ofaquorum
' of the committee in the case under consideration
; elected their chairman.
j The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eve-
rett] gave us for a reason why he did not decline
the oiHce, that he was with the majority of the
committee in their views on the important ques-
tion befoie the country. This, sir, is news to me.
I- have attended every meeting of that committee
save one, and at that one I believe no business was
transacted of any great importance, and 1 did not
know that the gentleman was in the majoiuy— at
any rate, I knew that at the last meeting he was
in the minority on a question which he himself
brought before the committee, and his wishes
were not acceded to, by a vote of five to four. I
know not whether theie be anything in this mat-
ter requiring further observation.
The other gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] has made it a gre^t point I hat the elei tion.
of chairman of the Committee on Foreign A(l'aii3 ,
was not entered upon the Journals of the House.
Nov;, I will ask him where he will find a precedent
for it? So far from us being consistent with
established usage, as the gentleman supposes, m
my opinion, it would be atlepai ture from it. ido
hope, Mr. Speaker, that the time of the House
will not longer be taken up in so fruitless a discus-
sion.
Mr. E. EVERETT said, as the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Jarvis] had positively contradicted the
statement made by Mr. E. in regard to the division
of the committee, he would only say it was not
possible that that gentleman and himself should
differ as to a matter of fact, on a question in which
everything pertaining to it was well known to
both ! Mr. E. did not say that upon every ques-
tion agitated before the committee he was with the
majority, but only on the great and all-important
one, whether the committee would recommend to
the House a decisive measure of reprisals or hos-
tility towards France, he voted with the majority,
and that in the only question of great importance
that has taken place since the gentleman from New
York presided, Mr. E. was in the majonty, and
that gentleman in the minority.
Mr. CAMBRELENfcf said that if the gentle-
man referred to him, he could only say that he
[Mr. E.] had mistaken Mr. C.'s opinion, and
mistook the opinion of the committee. He knew
the gentleman did not design to mislead the House
nor the nation; but he would mislead both, if his
remarks were suffered to pass uncorrected. The
majority of that committee were neither in favor
of the gentleman's resolution, nor of the resolu-
tion of the gentleman before him, [Mr. Pattcn,]
nor, in other words, of one similar to that which
passed the other branch of this Legislature a few
davs ago.
Mr. POLK called for the orders of the day, but
the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. G1LLEF rose to a question of order; and,
after a few remarks on the' point by the Chair-
man,
s"
