1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
House went into Committee of the "Whole (Mr
PATTON in the chair) on the bill for the relief
of Colonel John Eugene Leitensdorfer; which
was subsequently reported to the House without
amendment.
Mr. WARDWELL inquired of the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs the grounds
upon which, in addition to pay, the bill proposed
to give lands to the individual named'
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, replied that this
donation of land was in consideration of the ex-
traordinary services and sufferings of Colonel
Leitensdorfer.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. LETCHER, the House
went into Committee of the Whole (Mr EVANS
in the chair) on a bill for the relief of Colonel
Thomas Buford, which was subsequently reported
to the House without amendment, and ordered to
be engiossed for a third reading.
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 24, 1835.
Mi E EVERETT, from the Joint Committee
on the Library, reported the following joint reso-
lution; which was read twice, and ordered to be
engrossed*
Be it i esolvei by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of Jlmet ica in Congress
assembled, That in pursuance of the request of
Morgan Ne ille, the master of the Mint be, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to cause to
be struck a gold medal, in honor of the battle ol
the Cowpens, wlucn was fought on the 17th duy
of January, 1781, to replace the original medal
presented by the Continental Congress toGeneial
Daniel Morgan; the said medal to be struck from
the original die, and at the expense of the said
Morgan Neville
Mr. PEYTON, on leave, presented a petition,
which was referred.
Mr. J. Q, ADAMS, from the select committee
appointed on the subject, i eported, without amend-
ment, the bill from the Senate providing for the
establishment of the northern boundary lines of
the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois
Mr. A stated that the committee recommended
the i ejection of the bill.
It was committed.
On motion of Mr CLAY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Buildings and Grounds be instructed tomquiremto
the expediency of enlarging tht spare at present
allotted for the Library of this House, and of
adapting the same to a more convenient place and
arrangement for the use of the members
Mr GILMER offered the following resolution,
which, under the rule, lies one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
report to this House, at as early a day as practica-
ble, what States, if any, have paid co their officers
on the Continental establishment, the commutation
oi other pay due those officers by the resolutions
of the Congress, and if any, whether the United
States, m pursuance of the laws and resolutions
for the final settlement of the accounts between the
United States and the States, has allowed to said
State or States credit for such payments for com-
mutation pay; and that the Secretary specially le-
port whether John Pierce, commissioner of army
accounts, did not give to the State of Geoigia a
cei tificate in 1785, that that State had paid to its
officers the commutation and other pay due them,
and that there was due to the State of Georgia,
from the Confederation therefor, the sum of $ 123,-
283 70, and if so, whether the said certificate
was ever allowed to the State of Georgia, in the
settlement of accounts between that State and the
United States, and whether the same yet remains
due to said State And that the Secretary further
report whether the States which were found debt-
ors to the United States in the final settlement of
accounts between the United States and the States,
have paid the same so found to be due to the
United States, and if not, what sums remain un-
paid to the United States from the several debtor
States.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION.
The resolution heretofore offered by Mr. HA-
MER, requiring the Committee on the Judiciary to
inquire into the expediency of amending the Con-
stitution of the United States in relation to judi-
cial officers, and the amendment moved by Mr.
VANCE, to inquire into the expediency of further
amending the Constitution in regaid to removals
from office by the President of the United States,
was taken up.
Mr. ALLEN, of dhio, remarked that his col-
league, who had introduced the resolution, was
not then m his seat. He, no doubt,desired to be
present when his proposition was acted on. He
therefore moved to postpone the consideration of
the resolution to Monday next;'which was agreed
to.
VIVA VOCE MODE OF VOTING.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr  REYNOLDS, came up in course:
Resolved, That hereafter, in all elections made
by the House of Representatives, (for officers,) the
votes shall be given vwa voce, each member in his
place, naming aloud the person for whom he votes.
Mr CROCKETT moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mi. REYNOLDS said that the House being
thin, and the resolution being of an important
character, he would move a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to; and the roll was
called, when it appeared that 178 members were
present
Mr EVANS moved to suspend further pro-
ceedings under the call
Mr McKINLEY demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion, which were oidered.
Mr EVANS then withdrew his motion.
Mr BRIGGS inquired whether the 19 h rule of
the House, setting apai t Fridays and Saturday s for
the consideiation of private bills, did not require
impelatively that the House should proceed at one
o'clock with such bills, without a question ?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
The doois were then closed, and the absentees
were called, and excuses made for those who were
necessarily absent on leave oi otherwise
Mr JOHNSON, of Kentucky, moved to sus-
pend further proceeding under the call
Mr CROCKETT asked for the yeas and nays,
which weie ordered.            #
Mr JOHNSON withdrew his motion.
Messengers having been despatched by order of
the House for absent members,
Mr THOMSON moved that the absentees be
again called, which was ogieed to; when 197
members weie asceitawcd to be in attendance.
Mr JOHNSON, of Kentucky, renewed the
motion to subpend the call
Mr CROCKETT demanded the yeas and nays
Ordered
Mr JOHNSON withdrew the call.   •
Mr TURR1LL moved an adjournment.
Mr CROCKETT demanded the yeas and nays
Oidered.
Ml. TURRILL withdrew the motion.
Mr HARPER moved to suspend further pio-
ceechngs undei the call
Mr CROCKE VT demanded the veas and nay-,
which weieordeied, and were—yeas 95, nays 109
The absentees were again called.
Mi. ANTHONY then moved to suspend all
further proceedings under the call, which was
agreed to.
Mr A H. SHEPPERD moved to proceed to
the consideration of the oideis of the day.
Mr. CROCKETT demanded the yeas and nays,
which weie ordered, and were—yeas 64, nays
146
The question recurred upon the motion to lay'
the resolution on the table.
Mi CROCKETT demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs John Q, Adams,Heman Allen,
Chilton Allan, Ashley, Bank, Barber, Barnuz,
Barnnger, Bates, Baylies, Beatty, Bell, Binney,
Briggs, Bull, Bunch, Burges, Cage, Campbell,
Caimichael, Chambers, Chilton, William Clailt,
Clayton, Clowney, Corwm, Crane, Crockett,
Amos Davis, Davenport, Debeny, Denny, Dick-
son, Dickinson, Evans, Ewing, Fdder, Fillmnie,
Forester, Fostei, Fullon, Gamble, Gholson, Gil-
mer, Gorham, Giaham,Grayson, Grennell, Grif-
fin, Hiland Hall, Hard, Hardin, James Harper,
Hazeltme, Hiester, Inge, William Jackson, Ebe-
nezer Jackson, Janes.Wilham C.Johnson, Henry
Johnson, Seaborn Jones, King, Lea, Letcher,
Lewis, Lincoln, Love, Martindale, Marshall,
McCarty, McKennan, Mercer, Milligan, Miner,
Moore, Peyton, Phillips, Pickens, Pinckney,
Potts, Reed, Rencher, William B. Shepard, Au-
gustine H. Shepperd, Slade, Sloane, Spangler,
Steele, William P. Taylor, Philemon Thomas,
Tompkins, Trumbull, Tweedy, Vance, Vinton,
Watmough, Frederick Whittlesey-, Wilde, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Young—101
NAYS—Messrs John Adams, John J. Allen,
William Allen, Anthony, Archer, Beale, Bean,
Beardsley, Beaumont, Blan, Bockee, Boon, Boul-
dm, Brown, Burns, Bynum, Cambreleng, Carr,
Casey, Chaney, Chinn,Claiborne, Samuel Clark,
Clay, Coffee, Coulter, Cramer, Day, Dickerson,
Dunlap, Ferris, William K. Fuller, Galbiaith,
Gillet, Gordon, Joseph Hall, Thomas H Hall,
Halsey, Hamei, Joseph M. Harper, Harrison,
Hathaway,Hawkins,Heath, Henderson, Howell,
Hubbard, Huntington, Jarvis, Richard M. John
son, Noadiah Johnson, Benjamim Jones, Kava-
nagh, Kilgore, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, Laporte,
Lee, Loyal!, Lucas, Lyon, Lytle, Abijah Mann,
JoelK Mann,Manning,Mardis,John Y.Mason,
Moses Mason, May, McComas, Mclntire, Mc-
Kay, McKim, McKinley, McLene, McVean,
Miller, Robert Mitchell, Morgan, Murphy, Os-
good, Parks, Farker, Patton, Patterson, Dutee J.
Pearce, Fianklin Pierce, Pierson, Polk, Pope,
Ramsay, Reynolds, Robertson, Schenck, Schley,
Shinn, Smith, Speight, Standifer, Sutheiland,
Francis Thomas, Thomson, Turner, Turnll,
Vanderpoel, Van Houten, Waggener, Ward,
Wardwell, Webster, and Whallon—112.
So the House lefused to lay the resolution on
the table
Mr. FILLMORE, after having called for the
reading of the resolution, (which was lead by the
Cleik,) said it seemed to him to involve principles
of some impoitance,and he would frankly confess
that, in deteimining how he should vote, he had
been met by many difficulties. His own opinion
with reference to the appointing power of this
Government, and of all Governments similar to
our own, was, that where the legislative power or
body exercised the appointing power, peculiarly
and especially for itself, i e., for its own internal
rule and regulation, and not for the nation at large,
then that power might, with great propriety, be
exercised by ballot; and he believed that to be the
practice in most legislative bodies in refeience to
the appointment of those officers, who might be
considered special officers of the body, but not of
the nation. This was the practice in Mr. F 's
own State, (New York,) and he really could see
no objection to it in principle or pi actice anywhere
else It appeared to him to be correct to give the
people at large, when they exercised the right of
suffrage, the power to exercise that right in secret,
by the oallot; and it was equally so to extend the
same privilege, the same right, and the same
authority to their representatives, when acting for
themselves in the election of those officers pecu-
liarly belonging to the body to which they weie
elected.
The next question that presented itself, would
be, what officeis had that House the power of
appointing or electing > A reference to the Consti-
tution of the United States proved that we had the
power of appointing all the officers of the House.
It says "The House of Representatives shall
choose their Speaker and other officers, and shall
have the tole power of impeachment " This,
then, was the extent of the appointing power in
that House to "choose their Speaker an*d other
officers," alluding, doubtless, to the clerk, ser-
gennt-at-arms, messengers, door keepers, &c.
That they had no appointing power generally,
would be seen by referring to another claube of
the same instrument, which says the President of
the United States " shall nominate, and by and
' with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall
' appoint amhassadois, other pubhcministersand
'consuls, judges of the Supi erne Court, and all
' other officers of the United States whose appomt-
' mtuiu aie not heieni otherwise piovided foi,and
