170___________________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                          January 27,
important election in Louisiana. He (Mr. P.)
might have assented to the report of the majouty
of the committee, but he did so as he assented to
all other documents, the general tenor of which
he approved.
The CHAIR here observed that such observa-
tions were not m order.
After some further remarks from Mr. PORTER,
on the subject,
Mr. EWING moved that the bill be made the
special order of the day fur Monday next.
Mi. CALHOUN said if the committee could be
unanimous upon the provisions of the bill, whiUi
he looked upon as of great importance, it was
▼ery desirable that it should be recommitted.
Mr. GRUNDY said he never saw the bill until
yesterday morning, when he was not able to give
it a very attentive examination. Since then he
has been very much engaged. Some of its pro-
visions he should fully concur in, perhaps all of
them—he did not know. But he was satisfied
that the bill was susceptible of further important
improvements that were not in it, and in which
all the members of the committee, he thought,
would concur.
Mr. CALHOUN then moved to recommit, but
withdrew the motion, on the suggestion of the
Chair that there was a motion pending.
Mr PRESTON said, he had no wish to inter-
fere in the disposition which was proposed to' be
made of the bill, but he was anxious to be further
informed on the subject, and first, he would put
a question to the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee. We had heard a most voluminous report
with regard to the Post Office, together with the
views of the minority, and a bill for the reoigam-
zation of the department. He would ask whether
it was the conclusion of the committee that the
proposed reoigamzation of the department was a
cure for the evils prevailing there, or in other
words, whether all the evils set forth in the report
were theresult of an improper organization of the
Department? Now, could any gentleman say
that all the enormous evils set forth in the report
were the result of such an improper organization'
It would be recollected that this was not the first
occasion on which developments of an extraoidi-
nary character had been made, and that on the
other occasion there was a unanimous vote of the
Senate strongly censuring -the Post Office Depart-
ment.
The gentleman from Louisiana had alluded to
the declaration of a high personage in allusion to
himself, and he (Mr. P ) would fall to mind
another declaration of the Chief Magistrate that
he was íesponsible for, and was the universal
organ of the executive departments. And while
the declaration was fresh on the lips of the Presi-
dent, that he was responsible for the whole ex-'
ecutive power of the Government, was he to be
told that these abuses resulted from an improper
organization of that department' He was very
loath to form an opinion from hearing the report
read, but did any man doubt the turp.tude of the
Post Office ' When, hardly of the age of man, it
was found steeped in corruption the most foul, the
most melancholy. Why propose the mere reor-
ganization of it, if those who had been fattening
on it were still to be kept in' If the Piesident
was responsible, and the officers had acted im-
properly, was this the House to submit the sub-
ject to ^ And should we stand by without saying
or doing anything in regaid to the present state
of things in that department' But this was not
the pioper time to go into it, yet he was anxious
for an occasion of exposing the culpnt, whoever
he might be, that he might lay his hands upon
him, and hold him up to the public gaze. He
hoped an opportunity would be afforded him for
doing so, when he should think it his duty to
brand him as a culpnt before the people of this
country Now, were we to be put off with only
a prospective reorganization of the depaitment
for the purpose of correcting the evils which had
been exposed'
Mr. EWING. As to the inquiry of the gen-
tleman from South Caiolma, that the Committee
did not think that all the mystery and evils which
had been exposed arose from the organization of
the depaitment, they believed that corruption
existed in the department—foul corruption, among
some of the individuals there, and the report ex-
pressed it. But the remedy proposed was the
only one which Congress could adopt. As re-
garded the conupt individuals, the committee
thought that the President ought long since to have
removed them. Perhaps the.gther branch of Con-
gress ought to have brought them before this
body. Nothing, however, could be done here but
legislation, prospective legislation The commit-
tee did not shunk from a resolution which should
elicit the opinion of the committee, but that would
come as well from any other membei of the Sen-
ate as from the committee. The labors of the
committee were before the Senate; and therefore
they did not report atiy resolution for the action
of the Senate; they had reported their views, and
left them to the Senate to dispose of.
Mr. CALHOUN hoped some Senator would
present a resolution giving some character to these
developments He listened to the report with
sorrow and the deepest mortification. He had
been twenty-two years connected with this Gov-
ernment, and in all that time the charges of cor-
ruption against all the departments of the Govern-
ment that he had ever heard, were not equal to the
disclosures here made. The exhibition would dis-
grace the rottenest ages of the Roman Republic
He hoped every Senator would be called on mhis
place to say whether he sanctioned it. The guilt
of the department was unquestionable; and it
remained to be seen whether any Senator would
rise heie to defend it, and identify himself with
it. If he could, and the public sentiment could
bear it, and the President could bear it, and the
people would submit to it, there was an end for-
ever to freedom He hoped some gentleman would
look into the subject, and propose some resolution
suitable to the occasion
Mr CUTHBERT said he was far from agree-
ing with the Senators from South Carolina. The
committee had manifested much more wisdom in
the course they had pursued than would have been
done by adopting their recommendation  They
had recommended legislative measures for the pur-
pose of remedying evils which we could remedy
Did we want the voice of party again to resound
through these Halls' If it was to be made a party
cause, let it be made at a proper time, and not
mingle it with the proceedings of this committee
Was this country so corruj>t that the people were
incapable of seeing and correcting any errois
which might creep into the Government' or was
the Government so corrupt that an attempt should
be made to weaken the attachment of the people
to it, and the institutions of this country '
Mi. BENTON said that the honorable gentle-
man from Suuth Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] if he
understood him correctly, was in favor of institu-
ting, judicially, a criminal pioceeding against the
Post Office Department, for the purpose of trying
Senators here All he had to say, now, was, that
he was ready, afrany time, to proceed in any man-
ner which was constitutional, and leave his con-
duct to say whether he was governed by the tram-
mels of party
Mr CALHOUN replied, thathe was surprised
that honorable gentlemen should make this a party
question The minority themselves did not do so
Who ever dreamed of making it a paity question '
If any party wished to identify themselves with
these corruptions, let them step forth Here weie
volumes of documents, which not one hundredth
pait of the people would read, and they must
receive an impression with regard to them (rom
what we did here. What he sa.d was, that the
people should know the opinions of Senators here
on this subject, and how were they to know them',
but by the incorporation of their sentiments in a
resolution for the action of this body' Did the
honorable gentleman fiom Georgia [Mi Cuth-
beri] wish to identify himself with the Post Office
and us management' He could not believe he
did. Ot hearing the leport read, he (Mr C ) felt
a deep and piotourd melancholy, that so much
rottenness should have found its way into a depart
ment, in so short a time And the expression of
opinion he suggested, was the only way in which
it could meet the people of this Union. If a di-
versity of opinion existed, it was due to the Sen-
ate that it should be done; and if no one would
present a resolution he would move it.   He was
not to be deterred from it by any fear of conse-
quences whatever His object was that the peo-
ple should know what impression this report made
here.
Mr. CUTHBERT said that honorable gentle-
men were invited to pursue any course which
their party zeal demanded. What he sa'd was,
that it was not good policy to mingle the feelings
of party with the efficient proceedings of this com-
mittee.
Mr. PRESTON asked the committee, whether
it was intended by then to offer any íesolution
expressive of their opinions on this subject. He
knew he was a party man, and had his party feel-
ings, and therefore he might well attribute some
slight party feelings as having actuated otheis.
Now, the committee had a right to report by bill
or otherwise, and the bill certainly did not express
the feelings of this House. In regard to this
subject, last year the committee reported resolu-
tions expressive of their feelings with regard to
it. Was theie party in that' So far from it,
party spirit had subsided on that occasion, quite
a calm ensued, and the honorable chairman of the
committee, who was always a zealous defender
of anything which was defensible, concurred with
us in voting for the resolutions. In i elation to the
Post Office, he had no other feelings but those of
disapprobation at the palpable frauds which hail
been disclosed. Por no purposes of party would
hehavesuch an exhibition of fiauds go forth. He
attributed them only to the department—he did not
know among what individuals they existed. Pie
deplored it, that such an instrument existed against
this Administration. But he hoped the committee
would report a resolution which should express
in some sort the views of the Senate, and that it
might act upon those who wielded the destinies of
this country.
The honorable gentleman from Georgia (said
Mr. P ) had alluded to party. Why stir up party
feelings now' We were beaten He felt it, and
theie was no use in exciting party spirit now when
no good could result from it. But here (said Mr.
P ) we are in a minority, and it was his sworn
duty to arrest, so far as was in his power, this
torient of corruption which was flowing through
and levelling everything in the land He wanted
something to blot out, so far as it could be done,
this plague spotfiom this young country. No
gentleman doubted the malfeasance of the Post
Office, and that it was not conducted as it ought
to be for the honor of this nation—that it was dis-
graceful to the United States. And when it was
brought before us as it was, he would ask, was it
piopei to pass on to the orders of the day with
the same coolness and indifference as if nothing of
the sort had occurred '
Mr CUTHBERT said, if he had felt the in-
fluence of the same spirit upon his feelings when
he first rose, which now operated upon him,
owing to the altered tone of the gentleman's last
remarks, he would not have risen. He was
pleased with the beautiful tropes of the honorable
gentleman, and the delightful melody of his voice,
but when he spoke of the defeats of his party,
they were perhaj s to be attributed in a great de-
gree to the monstrous exaggeiations of the period
alluded to, which magnified mere enor into the
most heinous crime                                *
Mi SOUTHARD then rose to speak, but gave
way to
Mr. EWING, who moved an adjournment;
which prevailed, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Janumy 27, 1835.
Mr. SPEIGHT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reponed with an amendment the
i Joint íesolution from the Senate, authorizing a
gold medal to be presented to Colonel Croghap,
and a sword to each of the officers under his com-
mand, for their gallant defence of Port Stephen-
son, during the late war.
After t>ome conversation between Messrs PAR-
KER, SPEIGHT, and MERCER, the amend-
ment was concurred in, and the resolution agreed
to.
