1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
Mr LOVC, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, to whom the resolution heretofore offered
by Mr. McCARTY was committed, reported the
same, with an amendment, as follows:
Strike out after the word correspondence, in
the fourth line, the words "of all Indian agents,
sub agents, and other persons connected with the
Indian department," and insert after the words
General Land Office, in the eighth line, the words
" of all Indian agents, sub age/its, and other per-
sons," and insert after the woids reserves of land,
m the tenth Une, the words " east of the Missis-
sippi ruer "
Mr CLAY was understood to ask that the
consideration of the resolution might be deferred
for the present.
Mr. LOVE said the resolution as reported was
unchanged, except as respected the printing.
Mr. CLAY wished the amendment read again,
as he had not perceived its full extent.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. LOVE said he would make a brief expla-
nation. The resolution as amended by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs was confined in its oper-
ations to those States east of the Mississippi river.
The committee would have been gratified if it had
been in their power to have circumscribed the
information asked for within narrower limits; but
to have done so would have been invidious. Por
instance, if they had recommended an inquiry
into the transactions within the State of Alabama
alone, the gentlemen from that State might well
complain of an invidious distinction, and say, why
were not Indiana, Illinois, and Michigan included'
The committee have also been anxious to avoid
any unnecessary expense in the preparation of
this correspondence, but their duty to the House
and to the country, and the importance of the
matter involved, forbade them to limit it to any
particular State or Territory.
A few words on the principle of these reserva-
tions It was something like this: in the treaties
which gave rise to them, there were two stipula-
tions m relation to these reservations The first
was, that the President of the United States was
reqjired to approve of the transfer and sale of
• each reservation before it should be vested in the
purchaser; the second was, that the Indian agent
should testify that the reservation had been sold
for a valuable consideration, and that no fraud had
been practised on the Indians in the purchase.
The object of these stipulations was to protect
both the Indians and the Government from fraud.
It was impossible, therefore, that the President
of the United States, or the Secretary of War,
should have been, or could have been, conscious
of frauds, if frauds had been committed. The
frauds were said to be of this character, that agents
had combined with speculators in the purchase of
Indian reservations, and had certified that which
was not true, viz: that a valuable consideration had
been given, thereby defiaudmg both the Indians
and the Government of the United States.
Again- many of these reservaiions belonged to
orphans, and the commission of those frauds had
deprived them of subsistence. The resolution was
not intended to aiTect any particular individuals,
nor the Executive, nor any officer of the Govern-
ment, but its object was to bring to light the cor-
respondence of all those officers on the subject of
the Indian ieservations,so that the country might
see if frauds had been committed—who had been
guilty of them—and who had been defrauded—
what contracts made were valid, and what not,
and enable those who had rights which had been
viohted to set aside the contracts, or to institute
proceedings in relation thereto. No action was
proposed by ti e committee, but they asked only
that the coi respond ence and necessary documents
be furnished to the House, which may then be
refeued to oneof its stnnding committees for such
action a1? might be deemed requisite
The committee were well aware, and had duly
considered, lhat those documents could not be got
at without labor and some expense They weie
well appnz'd of it before their recommendation
of the íesolution, but itwasdue to the nation,due
to the Indians, and due to the Executive himself,
thai if frauds existed, the facts should be known,
a.id mvestigated, and  as he remarked the other
day he did not believe that a single gentleman in
that Louse, if he was satisfied that frauds had been
committed in an important branch of the public
service, would be deterred from voting for the
adoption of the resolution by the consideration of
its expense. Besides, Mr. L. was induced to be-
lieve that the amount had been very much amplified,
and that the labor would not be half as much as
had been described One gentleman said it would
take a few days, while another averred it as his
opinion it would take months, and these conflicting
statements showed it was a mere matter of opinion,
without being based on facts. The maps were
already prepared; and nothing was required but to
copy them, and transcribe theletters and documents
necessary.
Mr. CLAY said the gentleman from Kentucky
must have misapprehended what he had said, and
he presumed many gentlemen who had objected to
the adoption of this resolution had done so merely
on the score of the expense. "Mr C. had other,
and more material objections than the mere item
of cost. His first objection was that he believed
the call to be unnecessary. It would be recollected
by the House that the resolution called for the
services of those engaged in the land office to
transcribe all the correspondence and documents
in relation to all the Indian reservations Was
the House unaware of the continual and annual
complaints m this branch of the Treasury Depart-
ment, of its inabilities to perform its duties > Had
we not been notified, at the commencement of the
present session, that, in spite of all the extra clerk
hire already employed, the patents in the land
office were upwards of one hundred thousand in
arrears' Then the first objection that presented
itself to his iiimd was, that the call was unneces-
sary for such a mass of documents, not one-tenth
of which would prove useful to the country or to
an individual member of the House. It was true,
that in connexion we might take into considera-
tion the great expense that would, and necessarily
must be incurred. And again, why call for a mass
of documents without any assurance that the
public Interest required them to be made out at a
great expense of labor and money, without taking
into consideration the cost of printing a volume
of some seven or eight hundred pages, all at the
public expense, and as far as any one knew, not
1 calculated to benefit any one portion or section of
| the country' This was an objecfon, but never-
thelss Mr C. did not pretend to put it into the
scale with the detectionof the perpetration of fraud,
if such existed But why have not gentlemen
made a specification, and then called for proof,
instead of .involving the country in an immense
expense upon vague rumor'
And this brought him (Mr. C.) toa still more
important objection. The House was then dis-
cussing a mere ex paite inquiry, and instituting an
inquisition into the conduct of every agent of the
Government, without any specific charge having
been brought against any one of them, or without
giving them notice of the trial, or investigation,
they weie about to undergo Would not such a
course be unjust towards those individuals who
had been mtiusted with a great public duty to
bring their conduct before a committee for inves-
tigation, without designating any specific charge,
or without giving those individuals any notice
thereof He did not expect a single member of
that House to rise in his place and say tnat he
had a well-founded suspicion against either the
office or any individual employed in it
As far as regarded the State of winch Mr. C had
thehonortobearepresentative,noteven rumor had
whispered that any fraudulent transactions had
taken place there, and wny should the persons
engaged there be brought up on an ex paite mqji-
sition > Irreparable ind irretnevableinjuiy might
be done to individuals in this branch of the ser-
vice by the proposed measure If the committee,
or any gentleman of the House, were in posses-
sion of a well-giounded charge of fraud, designate
the party, and if they did, Mr C would oe the
last to vote against having a copy of every íecord
of every descnption, whether a respected the
President or any other functionary of ne Govern-
ment, that could bear upon the case, but do not
diaw upon one brancn of the Tieasury Depart-
ment for labor which it is impracticable to per-
form, unless its mare important dufes are ne-
glected—duties which it is already incompetent to
fdlfil—for the purpose of bringing on a trial with-
out previous notice.
It seemed to him (Mr C.) that these few objec-
tions were unanswerable; he might urge more,
but he did not wish to take up the time of the
House in a lengthened discussion, the less so as
he hoped the House would not adopt it without
some modification, or taking some time to examino
us details.
Mr. PLUMMER said, having first made war
on the resolution, as originally introduced by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. McCarty,] for
reasons which he then stated to the House, and
the original resolution having been amended to
meet his views, he withdrew all opposition, and
would vote for its adoption m its modified form.
It was true that he thought it an unnecessary con-
sumption of time to require the clerks n the Gen-
eral Land Office, who had not aid enough to keep
up the current business of the office, to make out
plats of the lands on which the Indian reservations
were located. He could not conceive of any ben-
efit the maps would be to the House or the coun-
try. That objection, however, was too unim-
portant to induce him to vote against the whole of
the resolution, or jeopardize its adoption by sub-
mitting an amendment. He was in favor of the
call, itwasdue to the country, and the officers
of the Government, that all of the documents in
relation to lands held under the Indian treaties,
should be published to the world. There were
reservations under the treaty of Doak's Stand,
made in 1&20, held by purchasers under regula-
tions of the War Department, the titles to which
were not distinctly understood by those who had
a right to know by what tenure and nature of
titles all lands within the limits of Mississippi are
held. The State has the right to tax those lands,
as well as lands the titles to which were acquired
dnectly by purchase from the Government, after
the expiration of five years from the time they
became private property. In some cases of res-
ervations, it was unknown whether the lands
reserved fiom sale for individuals of the Choctaw
tribe were private property, or whether they had
reverted to the General Government. If these
reservations were private property, the State had
a right to tax them. If they belonged to the Gen-
eral Government, they ought to be brought into
market and offered for sale as other public lands.
There were no records in the State showing these
facts
As regards the matter of expense, he said that
was of little importance compared with the import-
ance of investigating the frauds charged by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Love,] who is,
on this occasion, the organ of the Committee on
Indian Affairs. The objections which he urged,
and enlarged upon the other day, in relation to
the expense of furnishing and printing the infor-
mation proposed to be obtained, he repeated, had
been obviated by the adoption of the amendment
which he then offeied,and became incorporated
into the body of the resolution He repelled the
idea that the item of expense would induce him
on any occasion to screen a public officer, charged
with improper conduct, from an investigation,nor
deprive the people, or their repiesentatives, of
useful information. He only objected to a useless
and unnecessary expendituie of the peop'e's
money, for the publication of new editions of doc-
uments and papers which would never be read.
Mr P did not understand the gentleman from
Kentucky, nor any one who preferred the charge
of fraud against the agents of the Government as
loca'iig the charge in Mississ,ppi Thegentleman
[Mr Love] says that he did not Healsounder-
stooJ the gentlemen from North Carolina, [Mr.
Bauringer,] who touched on this subject the
other day, as making the same disclaimer as to
Mississippi He thetefoie did not feel called on
to either defend or eulogize his constituents.
Their conduct would bear the mo t scrutinizing
luve&tigttion, so far as his (Mr P S.) knowledge
exterdcd, and he probably knew more on that
bubject than any gentleman on die floor Nor
vis it r ght that gentlenen on this floor should be
allowed to require the chc ige to be located in any
particular section of the country, since it haa come
