174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Januaiy 28,
either at the several custom-houses or at the bar
of this House, and he would venture to predict
that no just ground would be found to sustain any
of these allegations, and, he would further predict,
that the committee and the House would be con-
strained to come to the conclusion that the sala-
ries of most of the officers demand an increase
rather than a diminution. He, therefore, hoped
that this inquiry would be deferred until this ex-
amination could be had by the committee to which
the subject properly belonged,and to which ithad
been specially committed.
Mr GILLET commenced by saying/that it
was with reluctance that he had arisen to partici-
pate in the present debate The notice, however,
which had been taken of the Committee on Com-
merce rerdered it proper he should say one word
on the subject. He would endeavoi to state to
the House the real question under consideration
in as few woids as possible. Under the acts of
Congress, a ceitam percentage on moneys col-
lected was paid to the collectors of the customs,
as well as certain fees of office, out of which cer-
tain officers under them were paid the compensa-
tion allowed them by law, and the overplus, if
any, was paid into the Tieasury, after deducting
the salary of the collector On reducing the duties
on imports in 1832, the amount of these commis-
sions and fees became materially diminished,
though the labors of these officeis continued very
much the same. The consequence was, that the
fund out of which these officers were paid became
so much lessened, that it did not afford them a
reasonable compensation. This led to the adop-
tion of the third section of the act of 1833, which
is in these wordy:
"Sec 3 And be it fwither enacted, That the
' Secretaiy of the Treasuiy be, and he is hereby,
'authorized to pay to the collectors, naval officers,
* surveyors, gaugers, weighers, and measurers, of
'the several ports of the United States, out of any
' money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
' ated, such sums as will give to the said officers,
' respectively, the same compensation in the yeai
' one thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, accord-
' mg to the importations of that year, as they
' would have been entitled to receive if the act of
' the 14th July, 1832, had not gone into effect."
Under this law Mr G understood that these
officers received the same compensation they did
prior to 1832, whether they then received it in the
shape of fees or in a salary. On passing the law
of 1833 it was expected that the whole subject of
paying the custom-house officeis would be acted
upon at the last session, but the destruction of
the Treasury building, and consequent loss of
matenals collected by the Secretary to enable him
to digest and recommend a plan for that purpose,
prevented those expectations from being then
realized. And in Older to prevent these officers
from not being sufficiently compensated, a section
was intioduced at the last session into the appro-
priation bill, making the necessary provision for
paying them, and it is in the precise words of the
law of 1833 It has, however, a proviso, limiting
the amount thai these ofhceis shall be allowed to
leceive. Under this law of 1834, it was under-
stood that the officers hud been paid their respect-
ive compensations. On passing the law of 1834,
this House considered that the law of 1833 had
expired, at this time the law of 1834 must be
equally dead. It could not have the effect to give
these officers salaries after 1834, unless 1834 could
be made to read 1835, &c It followed, that there
was no provision at this time to pay these men, if
the fund alluded to should fail to be sufficient In
this state of the case the civil appropriation bill
comes befoie us, and the gentleman from Ohio
[Mi.Vanci.] pioposed to add to the appropriation
bill a section repealing that portion of the act of
1834, which provides for making compensation
to the officers referíed to, and continuing a certain
other portion of it * This, to his mind, was like
firing a park of artillery at a dead lion It was
hardly worthy of grave legislators to be spending
days on a question of repealing a dead law. If
the bill contained any provision to pay custom-
house officers, theie would be some apology for
this effoit, but it did not provide one cent foi
th*m, and the amendment is entirely irrelevant
and out jt pla e.
But the gentleman from Ohio talks much of enor-
mous sums taken from the Treasury to pay certain
of these officers lie forgets that much of what
many of them receive, and about which he speaks,
is fees paid by individuals, and but very little is
ever paid them fiom the Treasury, and he also
forgets that many of them disburse much of what
they receive in paying their necessary assistants.
It was highly probable that some of these officers
were too well and others too poorly paid. This is
not the propel place to examine and act upon that
subject. He had profited by experience. He
well recollected last session his venerable friend
from Massachusetts [Mr Adams] assumed the
ground that appropriation bills ought not to be
loaded with extraneous matters. Their office was
merely to appropriate money, under existing laws,
to compensate the public agents, and to execute
public woiks This was the tiue rule, and one
which he desired to act upon.
But (said Mr. G ) we are told that if we do not
add this clause now to this bill, we shall not be
able to act on the subject this session. He did
not deem it important that it should be done, for
unless we pass a kw to pay these officers, there
will be no law to pay them from the Treasury,
and the fund referred to cannot give them what
they received under the gentleman's amendment
of last year But fco his mind it would be less out
of place to add the gentleman's present amendment
to many of the other bills which were certain to
come up this session He, (Mr G ,) however,
hoped to see this whole subject brought before
this House at this session, in a proper form, from
the appropriate committee It was a subject of
vast importance, and required much deliberation
and care It was first necessary to establish a
proper basis, and then the details would require
great consideration and attention. He hoped, if
he had any agency m preparing the bill, to aid in
infusing into it so much of liberality and economy
as would make it acceptable to all sides of this
House. He would diminish the number of these
officers to the actual necessities and wants of the
Government,and was not for paying them, or any
other officers in the Government, a salary laiger
than was necessary to ensure the services of com-
petent, faithful, and efficient men More than
this would be justly termed extravagance. On
the other hand, that rate of compensation which
was so low as not to ensure the services of such
persons as he had described, would be ill-timed
economy, would result in injury to the public
interests When you pay too low to command
the services of men of capacity and integrity,
you are sure of being badly seived Your agent
must live, and if i/ou do not give him such com-
pensation as will allow him comfortably to -do
to, he is sure to cheat you m the time he serves
you, or in some other way; for a living he must
and will have. If he cannot live honestly, ne will
do so dishonestly. You may obtain capacity to
do business at a low price, but integrity is quite
as important as talent The public service íequires
both. He would, however, avoid, if possible,
having any officer whose compensation should
depend upon contingencies. It should not be
composed of percentages, or allowances, or any-
thing of the kind. He preferred paying a distinct
annual salary, then the law would inform us how
much each public agent received for his services.
This would prevent the dishonest fiom paying or
receiving too much, and it would shield the upright
from suspicion Then, on the last day of the
year, the compensation of all officers for the en-
suing year could be accurately calculated All
would be paid distinctly under statutes, and Con-
gress would be responsible to the people for the
amount paid.   Then the Executive would be free
i even from the suspicion of having by his own act
increased the expenses of Government. He would
I be, in the disbursement of the public moneys, the
executive of the laws of Congress—an agent with-
out discretionary powers It would relieve him
of much of the embarrassment now necessarily
attendant upon his office. The heads of the de-
partments, and their accounting officers, would
also be relieved fiom an unpleasant and vexatious
part of their duty These suspicions against the
integrity of officers would be much less likely to
bo raised, nowhebe'ievedmostof thes,esuspicions
grew out of the fact that many officers were not
paid a certain and definite sum as a salary
Mr. G. had uiged these considerations upon
the attention of the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Watwougii,] when considering the Navy
pay bill, and he was happy to learn that they had
been duly appreciated, and were likely to be in-
grafted on it by common consent. Once adopt a
definite salary as the mode of pay, you do away
with all those difficulties that are said to be so
common between those who have accounts and
accounting officers Should these principles be
adopted in the custom-house pay bill, he thought
that branch of the public service would be relieved
from unjust suspicion. He did not expect, in the
details of any bill that could be repotted, that we
could all agree m opinion, in every instance, as to
the number and compensation of officers. These
things were mere matters of opinion; but in the
principles of compensation which he had suggested,
he hoped the gentleman fiom Ohio would acqui-
esce He even hoped they would be unanimously
assented to by the House.
After this frank expression of his (Mr. G.'s)
views and expectations, he hoped the gentleman
from Ohio would not fuither pi ess this subject
upon the consideration of the House, but allow
this bill to take the oidmary course through it,
untrammelled by the consideration of subjects
totally disconnected with those presented to our
consideration in the bill                                .
Mr McKINLEY called for the previous ques-
tion, which, however, was not seconded by the
House.
On motion of Mr. WISE,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 28, 1835.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the* Commissioner of
the General Land Office, in obedience to a resolu-
tion of the 30th ultimo, requiring copies of oaths
directed to be administered to all persons applying
to purchase public land; which was ordered to be
printed, with five thousand additional copies.
PETITIONS PRESENTED.
Petitions were presented by Messrs MAN-
GUM, PRESTON, PORTER, and MOORE, and
referred.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr TYLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill for the relief of
James Young, without amendment.
Also, a bill for the relief of Baily E Clark, with
an amendment.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Captain William
Morrow.
Mi ROBINSON, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which was refeired the bill for the
relief of Moses Shepperd, reported the same with
an amendment and a report, which were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. LEIGH, from the Judiciary Committee, to
which was referred the bill from the House for the
better organization of the distnet courts of Ala-
bama, reported the same, with an amendment.
Mi POINDEXTER,ti om the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was i eferred the bill grant-
ing a further issuing of scrip for satisfaction of
United States military land warrants, reported the
same without amendment.
Also, the bill authorizing the widening of cer-
tain streets in the city of St  Augustine;
The bill for the relief of Richard P Archer, and
The bill for the relief of William O'Neile and
Robert Morrison.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the same commit-
tee, made unfavorable reports upon the claim of
Robert Morrison and Harvey Perry.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
The following resolutions were submitted:
By Mr. BROWN:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
