176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
ber from Missouri, m the affirmative, in which he
had given his authority for the resolution. Tnere
could be no stronger argument for censuring the
head of a department than this resolution. We
could not differ in regaid to these matters. Great
blame rested somewhere, and the affairs of the
office demanded reform; and when the Executive
claimed to supervise the executive departments,
and declined to exert his powers to correct such
abuses, he thought it necessary that he should
reiterate that these were evils which he might cor-
rect, or the people should interfere. Whenever
he knew there was corruption, he would brand
the guilty with it—aye, even to the President of
the United States. He thought if there was a
unanimous vote upon sucn a resolution as he sug-
gested, there would be a clearing out at the de-
partment, that the power of the Executive would
be interposed to correct the evils which had been
exposed He would not pause here to inquire
into the constitutionality of the power of expung-
ing from the records what one party may have
done, which was obnoxious to the other party
Nor whether it would be considered less impera-
tive to have it expunged if it applied to a subordi-
nate officei, rather than the Chief Executive. He
knew that " a saint in crape was twice a saint in
lawn." With him there was no difference in rank
between the President and a subordinate officer,
in making such an inquiry He said yesterday
that his party had been beaten down We were
not, it was true, in a minority here, but we should
shortly be, and should eveiy thing we had done,
then be expunged? He hoped and believed that
this Government was to live long, but what would
it avail to expose and denounce that Post Office'
Could such denunciation and exposure affect the
great popularity of the President? The man must
have a more ardent spirit than he professed to
have who could believe it. No, sir If it was
blackened with a ten-fold deeper die than both of
the reporta together gave it, it would not affect
this Administration. When one of the reports
stated that one mail contractor had íeceived one
hundred thousand dollars which was not ac-
counted for, and showed that the flood-gates of
corruption were opened, the very exposure would
tend to strengthen the Administration.
Mr. BENTON could not but regret his extreme
poveity of speech, which prevented him from
giving his opinions so as to be undei stood by those
who sat nearest to him, and if he was so unfor-
tunate as to be incompiehensible to these, how
much more so must he have been to those at a
greater distance In all he £.aid yesteiday as to the
additional proceedings proposed to be instituted
against the Post Office, there was neither íetaha-
tion threatened, nor the intention of intimidating
any one, even if he were capable of doing so, or
the honorable gentleman could be intimidated by
anything he could say. But his design was to
keep things of the same sort together When he
saw an attempt made to bring the fuends of the
Administration to act as they did on a former oc-
casion, then he thought propei to bring up the
debate upon that expurgation which he had pro-
posed Although that íesolution which the hon
orable gentleman read from the Journal was pressed
through at the heel of the session, and was adopted
in the dark, yHU was notindarkt ess to his mental
vision. He saw then with the same distinctness
of vision which he saw now, that two hooks weie
thrown out on which his paity were to be hun"
If the conduct of Mr Eairy should be condemned,
then it should be proclaimed aloud, that it was so
indefensible that even his friends could not sup-
port him, and we were to be hung on that hook
If we voted agamst the resolution we weie to hang
ourselves on the other hook, as the defenders of
this black, rotten, damned Administration He
saw the two hooks thrown out then, and when he
saw the same process about to be lepeated last
nighi, it was that wh>oh brought h n to h,s feet
The honoii.ble gentleman from South Carolina
farthest fiom h"n, [Mr Calhoun-,] said it was his
intention to introduce a resoljtion, in order that
it mipht be seen who would here defend the guilt
and blackness of the Post Office That gentleman
had no right to assume that any one here woild
defend v.hai was wrong it was unjustifiable ,n
him to assume that such a state of things as he
had desenb-d  would  *   ^ any definJirs he.c
But if such are solution as had been suggested,
against persons, should be brought in, he should
protest against it, and he would either be excused
from voting in his place, or if that was not per-
mitted him, he would vote against it If all the
resolutions of last session, which were brought in
by the Post Office Committee, had been separately
put to the question, he would have voted upon
each one of them—on some aye, on othera no,
according to his sense of justice and right. He had
looked over that vast mass of documents in one
night in order to prepare himself to give his votes
upon them. But it was because he did not mean
to be hung on the same hook again, that he gave
notice of his design to bring up his resolution—it
was not for the purpose of intimidation or retalia-
tion, but for the purpose of raising the preliminary
discussion as to the right to bring up this condem-
nation of persons without a formal impeachment
by the House of Representatives. He wished to
be distinctly comprehended on another point. He
was not to be understood either by implication or
by a direct vote to sanction anything which he
did not sanction, neither by implication resulting
from a vote of his own or the arguments of any
gentleman. Bring up the Post Office in anyshape
which was constitutional, and he would vote with
alacrity upon it according to his sense of right or
wrong But bring it up unconstitutionally, and
he would give it his zealous opposition Whether
tried before this tribunal or another, he had but
one measure of justice for the Bank of the United
States and the Post Office Department.
Mi. PRESTON disclaimed having hung out
two hooks to hang any body. He confessed that
such was his want of perspicacity that he did not
understand the honorable gentleman from Mis-
souri.
Mr. CALHOUN said he rose to move to lay the
resolutions on the table, to afford the gentleman
from Alabama an opportunity to prepare his reso-
lution to expunge He had some curiosity to see
how the gentleman would reconcile a proposition
to expunge, with the Constitution of the United
States, which said that a Journal of the proceed-
ings of this body should be kept. He would like
to see a resolution which proposed to repeal a
Journal—to repeal a fact. He wanted to see the
form of the resolution. The principle involved in
it was, that we had no right to express our opin-
ions of the conduct of executive officers, or any
other officers, and thus affirming the maxim that
the king could do no wrong—that his ministers
only were responsible for his conduct. And this
was the doctnne of the Democratic party. He
wished to see the extraordinary extremit'es to
which Senators must be reduced in this effort to
expunge the Journals The thing could not be
done, but the Senate itself might be expunged.
And if that should be done by the madness of party,
this Government was at an end. He was anxious
to see who would attempt to carry out the doc-
trines of the protest of last yeai—doctrines as
despotic as those which were held by the Auto-
ciat of all the Russias
Mr CLAY heie said he considered the debate
very irregular He entertained the opinion that
these resolutions should not be received at all,
and therefoie if they were not withdrawn for the
present, he proposed to submit this resolution*
Itesohed, That the instructions of the Legisla-
tuie of Alabama, piet,ented by the Senator from
that State, ought not to be acted upon by the
Senate, inasmuch as they are not addressed to the
Senate, nor contain any request that they be laid
before the Senate, and inasmuch, also, as that
which those resolutions direct should be done,
cannot be done without violating the Constitution
of the tinned States
Mr CLAYTON said, that so long ago as De-
cember, ¡830, he had moved an investigation of
the Post Office Department—that on that occasion
the vials of wrath were pomed out on himself and
t( e late Senator from Maine, [Mr Holmes ] He
wished to refer the honorable Senator [Mr Ben-
ton] to that debate It was then pioposej to
expunge the pioceedings of that day from the
Journals of the Senate The Senator from Louis-
iana, now on a foreign m ision, played a part in
that farce It was then that this plan of expunging
was besun, and had it then been adopted, should
we now have ..uccetded in obtaining the&e reports,
in prosecuting this investigation ? He hoped they
should learn wisdom from experience He believed
the proposition to expunge perfectly ridiculous.
How (said Mr C ) can it be done' I am at a
loss to conceive what method would be adopted
The Journals of the Senate have been printed and
distributed among the members of this body If
any gentleman wished to expunge an obnoxious
article, let him tear it out, but if I, on the con-
trary, am disposed to retain it, how is it to be
expunged from my copy > For I protest no man
shall despoil my property. I hope, Mr Presi-
dent, no such proposition will ever be made.
Mi BENTON said if the gentleman from South
Carolina, who had just sat down, had not spoken
again it would not have been necessaiy for him
to have risen again He opposed the inquiry as
being a criminal inquiry made into the conduct of
the Postmaster Geneial, upon the ground that the
House of Representatives were the grand inquest
of the nation, and that we should reserve ourselves
until the accusation should be presented in such a
shape that we could act upon it as judges. That
was the view he took of it. And now, whether
he had two measuies for the Bank and the Post
Office, he would leave to others to judge For
eight years he had been opposed to ihe Bank of
the United States, and at any period of that time,
if he had chosen, he might have had a committee
appointed, and according to parliamentary usage
the committee would have been of his political
opinions. He had a right to ask it, and that upon
strict parliamentary principles But did he ask it >
No, and on the ground that the House of Repre-
sentatives was the grand inquest of the nation,
and because all inquiries into malfeasances ought
properly to originate there But if he ever should
do it, it would be because he could perceive no
other remedy. With regard to the manner of
expunging the Journals, which «eemed to be so
difficult of comprehension by honorable gentle-
men, he would say that in a State contiguous to
Georgia a Journal had been burnt. Need he refer
to the celebrated case of Wilkes, in which the
Journal was expunged, not by the childish opera-
tion of sending out and having all the copies
brought in, and the offensive parts torn out, but
by taking up the Journal of the House, and having
the offensive part read, and then expunging it.
Not by marking a St Andrews cross upon it, but
by an entire obliteiation of it line by line So
that the honorable gentleman would see there
could be no difficulty either as to the modus ope-
randi, or the constitutionality. One Journal had
been burnt, and the other had been entirely oblit-
erated But we had got the Post Office upon us
now, and he begged to say that should not diveit
him from his course " Sufficient foi the day was
the evil thereof " No'hing either in or out of the
Houseshould throw him offhis track He should
move on to that Journal with the precision of a
steam engine, and nothing should prevail to throw
him from his track
Mr CALHOUN Thehonorable Senator [Mr
Bfntom] said he had the same measure for the
Bank and the Post Office. He had succeeded in
setting the President against the Bank, but had
not yet succeeded m setting him against the Post
Office He wished these resolutions to be laid
on the table for the present to give the gentleman
an opportunity to introduce this matter He re-
newed the motion to ¡ay on the table, and refused
to withdraw it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY then gave notice that he would call
up his resolution whenever the subject should be
disturbed
Mr. KING renewed hia motion to print the
Alabama resolutions.
Mr. CALHOUN was opposed to the motion
to print
Mr KING, of Alabama, expressed a wish foran
oppoitunity to make some remarks in reply to the
honorable member from Kentucky. He(Mi.K )
would bring forward such a resolution as the
instructions contemplated, and the honorable Sen-
ator should be gratified The gentleman from
South Carolina asTied whether it was proposed to
repeal a fact The resolution of censure was no
fact When the Senate adopted a resolution
which we behoved, and the people believed, was
not founded in fact, had we not the power to
