1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
177
repe
.v ,.-- it?   He would say to the gentleman, that ]
the Democracy of this land had spoken, and pro-1
nounced their condemnation cf that proceeding; I
and the Legislature of Alabama had faid to their i
Senators, if you have the power of expunging it!
from your Journals, do so; if not, go as far as i
you can, and not suffer a condemnation of the ¡
Executive Magistrate to remain there, which is in ,
violation of the Constitution of the United States, j
They said, let not a declaration that the Chief!
Magistrate had violated the Constitution, remain ;
there.     He had   hoped, on  a  former occasion, j
that when  the honorable gentleman Jeclared he j
would act  for the country, tiiat he would have '
little more  to  do with  party, but
manifested a vtry different feeling
expectation   that  the resolutions which he had  >
introduced  woukl   have caused   this discussion, i ¡
But an attempt had been made to smother up the  i
Post Office s'.l')ect with these resolutions.    And  \
did it comport with the gravity of the Senate to  j
denounce the admin.straiion of the Government,   -
and ru^b into the discussjuu wiih ¡such unreason- ■<
able haste?   When tune was afforded for examin- ,;
ing the documente, he would go as far os any   ¡
man to punieh the guilty.    But it had been said ';
that the President held himself responsible for the "
conduct of  his rxecutive officers.    And he was'
so when the facts came authentically before him.   \
And ise would now under ake to say that when
they came faitly before him, the President v/ould  '.
not hesitate to apply the proper corrective,and do .'
exact justice.    He wcultl vouch for bis pursuing ;;
that course.    Fie would  serve the country with '
that zeal, faithfulness, and devotion, which had
always  characterize.!   him, by  punishing every '
individual under his con.rol who was proved tb
be guilty.                                                                        '
¡Vlr. CALHOUN would not (he said) have risen
again, had not :t personal allusion been made to
him. lie wa:i accused of wc.tn.^ under the influ-
ence of party jpir.t. But he utterly disclaimed .
all such motives. The principles he had volunta-
rily promised and supported for eight years past
were sufficient proof of ¡t. lie had voluntarily
withdrawn from the side of popular opinion in
this nation, and Essociated himself wi h a feeble
minority of not more than one in a hundred, not
for his own benefit, but as the result had proved,
more for tlie benefit of the honorable S nator him-
self, [.Mr. £w\-u, of Alabama.] 1 am not a party
man, (said Mr. C.) I have no purpose to serve; I
have n j desire to be here. Dot as long as k is the
will of the people of South Carolina that I should
serve them, Í shall obev.
Sir, (continued Mr. (!.,) I would not turn upon
my heel to be intruded with the management of
the Government. If one were to s;o into the
reformation of these abuses he would not be sus-
tained. The evil is ingrafted upon toe very vitals
of our political institutions. It cannot be cured
by a presiJenti.il election, but by legislative enact-
ments. [ am no partvman. Sir, 1 stand here as
a citizen of the United States, or rather as a rep-
resentative of Snub. Caiolins.
The resolutions and the motion to print were
then laid on the table.
Mr. SMITH then moved to lay the motion to
print on the table, upon which Air. HILL de-
manded the yeas and nays; and they «rere ordered,
and are as follows, to wit:
YEAS—MtsM-s.  Dell,  Bibb,  Bhck, Calhoun,
Senate, inasmuch as they are not addressed to the
Senate, nor contain any request that they be laid
before the Senate; and inasmuch, also, as that
which those resolutions direct should be done,
cannot be done without violating the Constitution
of the United States.
_ Mi
tion:
THE POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
. SMITH submitted the following resolu-
Resolved, That the General Post Office is deeply
in debt—its affairs in great disorder—its accounts
and reports irregular, unsatisfactory, and in many
instances untrue—that large sums of public money
he had since i' have been wasted and paid over to favored indi-
He had no ■! viduals upon false pretences; and that its conduct
and administration are justly the subjects of pub-
lic complaint, and demand a/adical reform.
REORGANIZATION OF THE POST OFFICE DE-
PARTMENT.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to reorganize the General Post Office, when it
was postponed to, and made the special order for,
Monday next.
Mr. GRUNDY then renewed his motion to
print the reports of the committee and documents,
which led to a considerable discussion, in which
Messrs. GRUNDY, CLAYTON, EVVING,
LEIGH, WEBSTER, CALHOUN, PORTER,
and HILL, participated.
Several motions to print were made, rising from
seven thousand five hundred to ten and twenty
thousand.
Upon the motion to print twenty thousand
copies of the reports and documents made by Mr.
WEBSTER,                                                         _    •
Mr. ÍI1LL asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.  Cell, Bibb,   Calhoun,   Clay,
Cluyfon, F.wing, Preiinghuysen, Goldsborough,
■ Kent, Knight, ftlangum," Moore, Naudain, Pom-
dexter, Porter, Prentiss, Robbins, Robinson, Sils-
i bee, Smith, Southard, Tomhnson, Waggaman,
1 Webster—24.
NAY'S—Messrs. Benton, Black, Brown, Bu-
chanan, Cuthbeit, Grundy, Hendricks, Hill,
Kane, Kms of Alabama, Kins of Georgia, Leigh,
Linn, M'-Kean, Morris, Preston, Shepley, Tall-
rnndge, Tipton, Tyler, White, Wright—22.
FRENCH  SPOLIATIONS.
WEBSTER then moved that
Mr
take up the bul m
.king
the Senate
compensation for French
sp illations prior to 1300; which was agreed to.
The question being upon npiloiinu the bill to
engrossed for a third reading
Clay, Cl.i)t .o, Ewi: <.-, Fithnshnysen, G-ddebo-
rough, Ucdru ks, Ken', Kniirhi.Leish, Mamrum,
Naudain, l'omdextcr, Porter, Prentiss, RoDhn.s,
Kdsbce,S:ni;h,';i.>nihard.Swift,Tomlinsnn,Tjler,
Wn!r"-!uv.!:, We'wier—-"•
NAYS—M.-.iti-s nent.m, Brown, rSn'hansn,
Cutn!.dt,Git,;,dv, Hill, Knne, Kins of Alabama,
Kiiüí oí'Ccariíi'i, Lino. MrKcnn, Moor". Morns,
lV(r.-;on, II .bm.-o", Saenlev, Tallmadge, Tipton,
Winte, Wright—¿0.
So the q íe-iiioii was determined in the affirma-
tive, and me whole matter was hud upon the
table.
Mr. CLAY then ¡rave notice thai when the sub-
Mr. WEBSTER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and are as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Bell, Buchanan, Clay, Clay-
t-.n, Ewinsr, Frelinshaysen,Goldsborough, Kent,
Knight, MeKean, Moore, Naudain, Poindexter,
Sorter, Premiss. Preston, Robbm.% Shepley, Sils-
bee, S iii'.h, Southard, Swdt, Tomhnson, Wagga-
- roan, Webster—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb, Black, urown,
Calhoun, Cuthberi, Grundy, Heidikks, Hill,
Kane, King of Alabama, King of Georgia, Leigh,
Linn, M.uutum, Morns, Rjoicson, Tallmadge,
Tyler, While, Wright—21.
Mr. CLAYTON then gave notice that at one
i oV'ork to-inouow, he would move the Senate to
HO into the consideration of executive business.
' Oi motion of Mr. WEBSTER,
The Sen-He adjourned.
|e.t

1 ml.!
<c
n
0
.■cd
to 1
i>
v.
f Z i'C'
r;
,;
11
he i
line
i.
i a .r
*! t:
a
1
MCMt
tii.lt
.
(ate.
HI
ill

Dot
ug.ll.l,
he would lilr the
,-'ruction-1 of the Legra-
nte.) by the Se tator Irom
to be acted upon by the
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wcdkusdav, Januaiv 2S, 1635.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affurs, reported a bill to au-
thor,r.e the Secretary of War lo purchase a sue for
an arsenal at Memphis, Tennessee,and to provide
for the erecdon of an arsenal on the same; which
was twice read ard committed.
Mr. THOMf ON, fioir, the Committee on Mili-
tar-.' Affairs, reported, without amendment, the
lull'from the Senate, for the rehef of the heirs of
Colonel Jean Hudry; which was- committed.
Mr.   WISE, from   llie  Committee on   Naval
Affairs, reported the following joint resolution;
which was read twice:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of America in Congress assembled, •
That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, authorized to constitute a board of
naval officers, to be composed of post captains,
whose duty it shall be, in conjunction with the
Secretary of the Navy, to revise the code of naval
signals.
Mr. WISE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to provide compensation to
Commodore Barron, for his invention called "a
ventilator of ships;" which wa3 read twice and
committed.
Mr. VlNTON, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill amendatory of the act
for the continuation of the Cumberland road;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported, without amendment, a hill from
the Senate, to remove the land office from Clinton
to Jackson, in the Stateof Mississippi; which waa
ordered to be read a third time.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill'to authorize the
removal of the land office from Wapahkanetta to
Lima, in the State of Ohio; which was read twice
and ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on th
Judiciary, reported a bill to prescribe the punish
i ment of consuls, vice consuls, and commercia
acents; which was read twice.
°Mi. ROBERTSON remarked that there wa'
¿me feature of the bill which he considered o
great interest and importance, and in which he dit
not concur with the committee. He would, there
fore, move so to amend the bill as that the fin
and imprisonment provided by it should be left t-
the discretion of a jury, instead of the court.
Mr FOSTER remarked that the gentleman har
moved a similar amendment in the committee
Several members were disposed to favor it; but
majority of the committee were of opinion th .
this should not be made an exception to the gen
eral rule of proceeding in cases of a similar char
i acter.
I Mr. ROBERTSON remarked that the Sta' .
i from which he came held the trial by jury as a
¡ sacred principle, and he was unwilling in thiscie
I to yield that principle, and vest the decision in ane
i man. It proposed to give to the court a discretion
j which he thought dangerous and improper  and
1 which should be left to a jury of the country.
I The amendment was disagreed to, and the bill
I ordered to be engrossed.
! Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committ'.e on the
I Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of the
1 assignees of Peter Albar; which waa read twice
I and committed.
! Mr. ASHLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to authorize the sale of certain lands
belonging to a university in Michigan; which was
read twice and ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. ASHLEY moved the printing of papera
which he then presented to th« House, in relation
to the extension of the boundary line of the State
of Missouri; which was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS, of New York, from the Com-
mutes on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill grant-
ing a pension to Justus Cobb; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr ADAMS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Lambert L. Vanyal-
kenburg; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, instructed by the
Committee on Territories, asked the House to set
apart Thursday, the 5th February, for the con-
sideration of Dills relating to the Territories.
After   some   conversation    between   Messrs.
POLK    ALLAN,  WARDWELL, SEVIER,
' GARLAND, and  WHITE, in  relation to the
I various measures which remained unacted on, Mr.
G -YRL AND su"?ested that the second Monday in
: February"be se'fapart for the consideration of the
bills alluded to.
Mr ALLAN accepted the amendment as a
, modification of his motion; when the proposition
i was agreed lo.
