180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
the Postmaster General, and he could not sit there
and hear him denounced as a lawless man with-
out reoelhng the charge.      .   ,
Mr.' LINCOLN explained. He had done cer-
tain acts, which he had specified, in violation of
law, and was in that respect lawless.
Mr. JOHNSON continued. The gentleman
Slight use such language as he pleased, and he
should take the same privilege in reply.
The question was"then taken on the motion of
Mr. Lincoln, and decided in the negative without
a division.
Mr. BEAUMONT moved to strike out the
appropriation of $2,000 for a library for the office
of the Attorney General.
The motion was advocated by Messrs. BEAU-
MONT and HARDIN, and decided by yeas and
nays in the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 48.,
Mr. McKAY then submitted an amendment,
directing the kind of currency to be received in
the collection of the revenue.
Mr. POLK said this was a literal copy of a pro-
vision in the former bill, and he had no objection
to its adoption.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill,
with the amendments, was then ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading to-morrow; where-
upon, at half-past four o'clock,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
TnuKsotY, January 29, 1835.
Petitions were presented by Messrs. GOLDS-
BOROUGH, CLAYTON, and TOMLINSON,
which were appropriately referred.
Mr. WAGGAMAN submitted the following
resolution's:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
erectmg a light-house at the mouth of the Bayou
Bt. John, in Louisiana.
Resolved, That a select committee on the part
of the Senate be appointed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing abranch of the Mint of
the United States at the city of New Orleans.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Isaac Bronson;
which was read the first time, and ordered to a
*econd reading.
Mr. "WEBSTER said he was instructed by the
Committee on Finance to move to be discharged
from the further consideration of certain petitions
which the committee had under consideration,
mild to present a resolution which applied to the
subject of them. He therefore submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which, at his request, was con-
sidered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
cause to be ascertained the amount of duties
assessed and paid on plains, kerseys, and kendall
cottons, imported into the Umte'd^States, which
were ordered after the passage of the act of the
14th July, 1832, and before the passage of the act
of the 21 of March, 1833—that he lay an account
thereof before the Senate at the next session of
Congress.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following-resolu-
tion, the consideration of which he moved at this
time:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of increasing the appropriation for arming the
fortifications of the' United States.
Mr. POINDEXTER thought the resolution,
should go to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WEBSTER said he thought the direction
designed for it was the most proper one. The
Finance Committee of course were to look after
the means; but he thought it belonged to the Mil-
itary Committee to inquire into the necessity of
making the appropriation. He (Mr. W.) thought
it of t!ie most pressing necessity that the appro-
priations for these objects should be increased.
The resolution was then adopted.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Colonel Daniel Numan; which was read the first
time and ordered to a second reading.
NOTICE OF BILLS, ETC.
Mr. CLAYTON gave notice that to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce a bill authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to settle the claims of
the Government on the Alleghany Bank of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce the following joint
resolution:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That so much of the joint resolution of
March 3, 1819, as prescribes the manner of elect-
ing public printers, and so much of the joint reso-
lution of 5th February, 1829, as amends the said
resolution in relation to the manner of electing
public printers, be, and the same hereby is, re-
pealed.
BILLS RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, the bill for
the relief of the heirs of Nathaniel Tyler was
taken up and recommitted to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, the bill
for the relief of Duncan L. Clinch was taken up
and recommitted to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bill making appro-
priations to improve and complete certain roads
in Arkansas; which was read the first time and
ordered to a second reading.
DEATH OF HON. WARREN R. DAVIS.
The Clerk of the House of Representatives
being introduced,' announced the death of the
Hon. Warren R. Davis, a Representative in
Congress from the State of South Carolina, ac-
companied with the customary resolution relative
to his funeral.
Mr. CALHOUN then said, in rising to offer
the usual resolution on this melancholy occasion,
he felt it to be a duty which he owed to himself
and to his deceased friend, to make a few remarks
commemorative of his many very excellent quali-
ties. He knew him intimately—he was his near
neighbor and personal and political friend, and
nearly connected with him by the ties Of close
affinity. And he must say that in forming not a
very limited acquaintance in passing through life,
he had rarely known an individual more richly
endowed. His intellect was of the highest older;
clear, rapid, and comprehensive; accompanied
with a remarkable facility in expressing and illus-
trating his thoughts, both in conversation and
public discussion. With these high qualities he
combined a rich imagination,and a pure and deli-
cate taste, accompanied by a sportive wit and an
uninterrupted flow of good humor, which made
him the delight of every circle in which he moved.
Nor was he less distinguished forhis moral quali-
ties. He was generous, brave, patriotic, and dis-
interested almost to a fault. For the truth of this
picture—that it was not the exaggerated effusions
of a warm friendship—he could appeal to many
whom he saw around him, who were intimately
acquainted with the deceased, and who could vouch
for its correctness. Such was Warren Ransom
Davis. He is now no more. He departed this
life at seven o'clock this morning. He (Mr. C.)
witnessed the departing scene. He met his fate
with calmness. When his most excellent friend,
(Dr. Linn,] the Senator from Missouri, whose
kind attentions to the deceased will be long re-
membered by his surviving friends, announced to
him, after the adjournment of the Senate yester-
day, his approaching dissolution, though the sad
event was unexpected to him, he met it with per-
fect resignation. He thanked him for his kind-
ness and candor, and said, that he only desired to
die in peace and composure. His wish was real-
ized. Pie fell into a gentle slumber at one o'clock
in the morning, to awake no more. He departed
without a struggle or a groan, lost forever to his
country and his friends.
Mr. C. concluded by moving the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Senate will attend thefuneral
of the Hon. Warren R. Davis, late a member
of the House of Representatives from the State of
South Carolina, at the hour of twelve o'clock
to-morrow; and, as a testimony of respect for the
memory of the deceased, they will go into mourn-
ing by wearing crape round the left arm for thirty
days.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Thursday, January 29, 1835.
The House met pursuant to adjournment, at
twelve o'clock.
After the reading of the proceedings of the pre-
ceding day, and the receipt of a message from the
President of the United States, through his Secre-
tary, Major A. J. Donelson:
OBITUARY.
Mr. PICKENS, of South Carolina, arose, and
addressed the Chair, as follows:
Mr. Speaker: It becomes my melancholy and
painful duty to announce to this House the death
of one of my colleagues, Warren R.. Davis, of
South Carolina. He died tins morning, a few"
moments before seven o'clock. Sir, it is not my
province to speak in the language of eulogy, but I
trust 1 may be permitted to say of the deceased,
that, whatever were his faults, they were of such a
nature as to sink with him into the tomb and be
forgotten; whilst those who knew him best, will
remember only that he had a heart full of human
kindness, rich in all those qualities that constitute
a gallant man. Under wit that was ever brilliant,
and humor that never grew heavy, he covered a
shrewd sagacity in relation to me , and a thorough
knowledge of human affairs. As a public man,
perhaps the ruling feeling of his heart was a deep
and burning attachmenttohis nativeState. With
hira it was not as with most men, the ordinary
principle of patriotism. No! it was a permanent,
abiding, vassionate affection for her, and all her in-
stitutions. So much so, that even in the last days
of his lingering illness, at the very mention of
South Carolina, you might see the fire of animated,
but sinking nature, rekindle in his eye, and burn
upon his cheek, it may be gratifying to his rela-
tions to know, that in his last suffering hours,
even up to the moment of death, he retained the
full exercise of all his faculties. And when it was
announced to him that he would soon have to
meet his God, he received the disclosure with the
most perfect calmness and composure,and replied
in these remarkable words, that all he " desired
was to die easily and gracefully."
It may also be to his relations a source of con-
solation to know, that, during his protracted sick-
ness up to his death scene, he had around him the
kindest and most devoted personal friends, who
ministered to him all that affectionate attention
could prompt.
  I will conclude by saying, that in his death this *
House has lost a prominent member, and his State
a patriot citizen, who might have been to her
an ornament in the brightest days of her proud
career.
Mr. P. then offered the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the members of this House will
attend the funeral of the late Warren R. Davis,
at twelve o'clock, to-morrow.
Resolved, That a committee be appointed to take
order for superintending the funeral of Warren
R. Davis, deceased, late a member of this House
from the State of South Carolina.
Resolved, That the members of this House will
testify their respect for the memory of Warren
R. Davis, by wearing' crape on the left arm for
•thirty days.
In pursuance of the foregoing resolutions, which
were read and unanimously adopted, the Speaker
announced the following members to constitute
the committee of arrangements to superintend the
funeral of the deceased member, viz:
Mr. Pickens, of South Carolina,
Archer, of Virginia,
Wilde, of Georgia,
Hardin, of Kentucky,
Coulter, of Pennsylvania,
Lansing, of New York,
McIntike, of Maine,
Crane, of Ohio,
Lea, of Tennessee.
On motion of Mr. PINCKNE Y, a message was
sent to the Senate, announcing the death of th*
