182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3Í,
Mr. GILMER would accept either course.
Mr SPEIGHT believed that he concurred with
the gentleman from New Hampshire as to the
amendment. Mr. S. did not desire to press the
subject upon the consideration of the House, but
only that a subject of so much importance to the
American people should be brought fully before
them.
Mr. ARCHER said he thought it better that the
resolution be hud on the table and printed.
The motion was then agreed to.
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE.
Mr. J. Q,. ADAMS asked the consent of the
House to take up and consider the following reso-
lution, offered by him on Wednesday, 28di instant:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House, if not
incompatible with the public interest, any corre-
spondence with theGovernmentof France,and any
dispatches received from the M-mstei of the United
States at Pans, not hitherto communicated to the
House, in relation to the failute of the French
Government to carry into effect any stipulation of
the treaty of the 4ui of July, 1831.
The motion was agreed to, and the lesolution
adopted.
THOMAS  K. SMITH AND  SON.
Mr. FERRIS asked the consent of the House
to take up and consider the following resolution,
offeied by him on Wednesday last.
Resohed, That the Secictaiy of the Tieasury be
lequested to furnish this House with the repoitof
the Solicitor oí the Treasuiy, together with all the
documents relative to the compromise of the claims
of the United States against Tnouias 11. Smith and
Son, and then secuuties.
The resolution was agreed to.
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
Mr. PLUMPER, by consent, offered the fol-
lowing i evolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be lnstiuued to inquire into the expediency of
gianting to the settleis on the nubile lauds within
mat disuict of country ceded to the United States
by ihe ueaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek,in the Staie
ot Mississippi, where improvements have been
coveied by Indian and Jefferson College claims,
and thereoy depnved of the benefits of the pre;
cmption laws, a preemption light and other lands,
in iitu thereof, and or granting unto them such
other relief as they may deem equitable and just.
Mr. CAGE said he had sometime since pre-
paitd a similar lesolution in reference to those
lands, but in a conversation with the chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands, Mr. C. ascer-
tained that a. bill had been reported by that com-
mittee embiacing the tame objects, as far as le-
lated to the States of Alabama and Illinois; and
the bonorablechairman distinctly assuted him that
when that bill came up for considei alionan amend-
ment would be proposed thereto, to include the
Slate of Mississippi, the session being so far ad-
vanced that a separate bill could not be passed.
Mr CLAY said, he did mfoim the gentleman
that he would move an amendment embiacing ihe
Stale of Mississippi, in the bill lefened to; not
doubling that if the House weie disposed to pass
the bi.ii elating to Alabama and Illinois, they would
not object to the picposition for Mississippi. He
had, however, no oljection to the resolution being
¡.gieedtoand reieueU to the Commi tta on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. PLUMMER explained, that the resolu-
tion embiaced other objects, relative to settlement
lights, than those referred to by his honoiuble
colleague.
Mi. CLAY was not at first awaie of that, and
theietore lie trusted the lesolution would be
adopted.
1 he lesolution was then agreed to.
PAY OF IHE MaVY.
On motion of Mr. WATMOUGH, a document
relaimg to the bill to regulate the pay of the Navy
oí the United States, together with certain amend-
ment , proposed to meet the views of the various
members, were directed to be printed for the use
of the House.
JOHN N. REYNOLDS.
Mr  PEA RCE called for the consideration of the
motion made by him on Thursday last to print one
thousand ex ra copies of the i eport of Mr. J. N. Rey-
nolds, relative to certain islands, shoals, ¡fee, ¡n
the Pacific ocean.
Mr. P. said he had been requested to modify
his motion so as to have two thousand exti acopies
of the íeport printed. Aftei a few remarks on the
importance of the work, Mr. P. so modified his
mouon.
Mr. JARVIS said he would like to hear some
good reason advanced for printing any number of
extia copies of this^ work. It was not a report
from a department, but was the printed work of
an individual, which, it seemed, did not possess
in itself sufficient interest to insure its sale, and
so it was found desirable to punt it at the expense
of Congress. He thought it was high time for
that body to stay us hand,and no lor.gei be made
the mstiument for punting worthless books.
Mr. PEARCE said, he believed the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. JarvisJ could not have fully
understood the object of the motion. The lepoit
in question could not piopeily be denominated a
book. It contained information of gieat import
anee to the action of committees of tlie House, as
well asmdividuals engaged in commercial pursuits.
It was an abstract of intoimation which had been
collecting fiom various authentic souices tor the
last twenty or thirty yeais. All who had ever
been connected with the important branch of our
commerce, theinteiestsof which it involved, would
readily admit the high value of the information
contained in the lepoit. He-hoped t.ie House
would agree to print ihe extia copies called foi.
Mr. JARVIS íephed. He said the argument
of the gentleman would be an excellent ore to
induce the House to publish the " Coast Pilot."
That was a woik if infinite value to manners;
and if this compilation was of equal -value, let the
compilei publisn n at his own expense, and theie
would be no difficulty in effecting a sufficient sale
to mdemnily him. He repeated, it was high time
foi that House to stop. They had already done
enough of this kind oí woi k for individual .
Mr. BURQESobserved tbathe wou.d nothave
said a word upon this resolu'ion, had it not been
for the opposition of the gentleman ftom Maine,
[Mr. Jaiuis.] He was asfonisned that one wro
would advocate an appropriation of tome fifty
thousand dollato fur the adornment of the Capitol,
should oppo.se ihe expenditure of a dollar to £ave
j! the life of the loil-wom and tempest-tossed mannei
of his country. He asked what inteiest was more
dear to the country than that of us commeice'
Gentlemen nvglutulk as they pleased of the pre-
dominating influence of agr.cultuie; it remained
alone for commeice to open a mailiet for the pro-
ducts of agnculture. He should, therefore, use
every means t« promote the facilities of naviga-
tion. He would rather advocate an augmentation
of the number of extra copies than us aecrease.
Mr. PHILLIPS wished to say one woid in
favor of this motion. He deemed the information
contained in the repoit of essential importance to
the House as well as to those directly engaged in
navigation. The amount of Amencan tonnage
engaged in the commerce of those seas was be
lieved to be gieatcr than that of all other !)a'ioi,3
put together; and jet all the information possessed
on the subject, except'iig that iuiiUbhed by indi-
vidual expense and enterpnse, was proeuied at
the expense of othei Governments. Hedwelton
the grow.ng importance of this commeice, and
hoped the motion would pievail.
The question was then taken; and the motion
agieed to.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
On motion of Mr. REYNOLDS,
Resolied, That the Committee en -Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an examination or survey of the route
for the Cumberland road from Vandalia, in the
State of Illinois, to Alton, in said State, and from
thence to Jefferson city, in the State of Missouri,
and make repoit to the next Congress.
On motion of Mi. WHITE, of Florida,
llesoh'cd, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inqune into the
expediency of providing for a post route from
Pensacola, by FlondaTown, Almirante, Pittman 's
Ferry, to Campbellton.
On motion of Mr ASHLEY,
Resolved, That the Corrmittee en Invalid Pen-
sions Le instiucted to inqune into Ihe expediency
of reins-rtti'ir the name of John Davenpoit, on
the roll of invalid pensionéis.
On motion of Mr  FILLMORE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Caíais be mstrucied to inquire into the expe-
diency of causing a survey to be made of the best
mode of enlarging and improving the harbor of
Buffilo for the reception and secunty oí vessels
navisating Lake Erie.
On motion of Mr. SCHLEY,
Resolvtd, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Pus-t Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establibhmg a post route from For-
syth, m Monroe county, by the way of Zabulón,
to Newna>i, in Coweta county, in the State of
Georgia.
On motion of Mr. DÜNLAP,
Resolied, That the Committee of Claims be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of paying
Robert Harshall for a hoise lost m the Seminole
war.
On motion of Mr. HARDIN,
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims inquire
into the expediency of allowing compensalion to
Samuel O/erton, Bernaid Fowler, and James
Gieen, for hoises lost  during the late war with
G'eat Biitain, and that the voucheis to support
sa'd claims be also leiened to said committee.
Or. motion of Mr. BOON,
Rcohcd, That the Committee on the PostOffice
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing the State road fiom
Evansul'e, in the State ot Indrina, to Anthony's
Feu j, on the Ohio river, and thence to Hender-
sonville, m Kentucky, as a post road.
On motion of Mr. ROBERTSON,
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inqune into ihepiopuety of refunding
tj James Ileiron a sum of money paid by him
into the Treasury, with leave to report by bill or
otherwise.
PENSIONERS OF THE UNITED STATES.
The following resolut.on was offered by Mr.
BLAIR, viz:
Resulted by the Señale and House of Represent-
attvis tf the United Stales hi Congress assembled,
i'hdt the Secietary of War be, and he is hereby
directed to cause to be paid to each pensioner of
the United States ihe amount of pension due from
time to time, whether as an invalid or indigent
pensioner, at such office or agency as he may
select, at which pensions are paid by the United
States.
ORDERS OF THE DAT.
Mr. HUBBARD then called for the orders of
the day; which was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
fiom the Secietary of Wai, transmitting a state-
ment of the appropriations for the Wai Depait-
ment foi the services of the year 1834, showing
the amount appropriated under each specific head,
tne amount expended onder each, and the balance
remaining unexpended in the Fieasuiy on theSlst
December last, prepaicd in obedience to the act of
May 1, 1820; which letter was read and laid on
the table
The SPEAKER, also bid before the House a
letter from the b'ecretaiy of War, transmitting a
repoit fiom the Chief Engineer, and showing the
amount of the funds which have been applied to
the impiovement of the Cumbeiland river, and
containing fuither information in relation to ex-
penditures for the improvement rf said river, as
called for by the House on the 8th of January
instant; which letter and repoit were referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
A  message m writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Donelson,
his Puvate Secretary; which was read, and is as
follows:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
With reference to the claim of the grand daugh-
ters of the Marshal De Rochambeau, and in
addition to the papers formerly communicated
relating to the same subject, I now transmit to the
