190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February S,
to satisfy claim's for spoliations made on Amer-
ican commerce by France prior to 1800, came up
on its third reading and final passage.
Mr. HILL said it was generally understood, he
believed, in the Senate, and he hoped it would be
also by the American people, that the last section,
aided to the bill at the suggestion of the honoia-
ble gentleman from Mame, [ Vír Ssiepley,] would
not, and could not bar the further prosecution of
these claims. Before he concluded, Mr. II asked
for the yeas and nays on the passige of the bill;
which were oidered, and aie as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Buchanan, Clay, Clay-
ton, Ewing, Frelinghuysen,Goldsborough,Kent,
Knight, Mctiean, Moore, Naudam, Poindexter,
Porter, Pientiss, Preston, Robbing, Snepiey, Sila-
bee, Smith, Southard, Switt, Tipton, Tomhnson,
Webstei-25.
NAYS—Vlessis. Benton, Bibb, Brown, Cal-
houn, Cuthbeit, Grundy, Henducks, Hill, Kane,
King of Alabama, Km  of Georgia, Leigh, Lmn,
Mangum, Moms, Robinson, Tallmadge, Tyler,
White, Wught—20
So the bill passed.
PRIVATE BILLS  PASSED.
The bill fir the íelief of Divul M„Coid, a bill
foi the relief of Cbustopher I". Buley, and a bill
supplementary to a i a„t allowing the pe >ple of
Louisiana to settle the back lands, were severally
lead a th.id time and passed
ALLOWANCE OT INTERCST.
Tne bill for allowing interest on certain claims
to the heirs of Lucy Bond andotheis, being under
consideration,
Mr. WRIGHT said he was constrained to op-
pose its passage. He believed it a violation of the
rules and principles established by tin' Sánate,
during the last session of Congress, it was then
decided that Government ought not to pay au*h
demands, unless it was in the wiong, unless it has
Jailed to satisfy claims which had been fully estab-
lished. This subject was befoie the Senate at its
last session. As the bill came fiom the House,
by some meana several names had been stricken
fiom it, and its passage at this moe would go to
establish that a subsequent Congiess may ngnt-
fully decide on the piopnety of the acts of a pie-
cedmg Congress, in relation to claims íeje-te 1 by
them. If for once this were established, what
would be the condition of Congiesa, liable to be
perpetuttllyharaased by every clamant? Mr. W.
here alluded to the bill just passe I, (thespolutum •
bill,) Vhich had been be'ore Congiebs since 1802.
Are wo to adopt (said Mi. W ) the principle that-)
every preceding Congiebs was in the wrong, and
we in the light? 1 fe was not willing to allow that j
any claim was due until it had been successfully '
prosecuted and allowed by Congress.                       '
Mr. SMITH chained the rmnnerin which the
names had been left out thiougli a tmsttke made
in the committee, and abo why i.neieat had not
been allowed befoie.
Mr. LEICEI was glad (he Ran!) the Senator
fiom New York [ Vlr. Wii..m] had biought the ,
consideration of this su',|eU büoie the  Senate. I
He had no need of itifoimmg thut gentleimn, that
he fully a£ieed  with him  in the"" m..in, but  he j
merely rose to inform him of the rujes that hud ¡
been adopted on thu sub|ect     Ueie Mr. L. reíd
a n port to the Scna'c made on another subject.
¡Vlr. WtU3H T wisiieJ to inquire ot the Sena-
tor i rom C-innei ucut, [Mr. Siiirn,] whether the
names stiickrn fiom the bill at the last session,
was done by older of the Senetc or by mistake ?   i
Mi   bMIl 1Í was not po^i.ive on that ¡joint
Mi    VV. re uned: lie be! eved this claim had 'I
been phi cl o,i its tiut g.oumls,—that we are act-  I
lug on a eu1 ,-ct which had already been "fjecied
by one branch ot'.the Gov eminent.    Mr. \V  con-
cluded by as'tng the ye¿t, and nays, whiUi were
ordeied                                                                          I
Aft i LO'ne further debi'e between Mcsi"
WR1GH1, LEIGH, SHCPLEY, IIILL, and ,
PRENTISS, cl-iii'ig wheh Mi HILL lead a '
letter showing trie manner in wh ch claims of this |l
kind were hunted up by speculators and piesented n
to Congress, the question was put, and decided ,
bv veas and nays ac fohovs                                      L
YnVS—\lcsers. Dibb, CUy,Cuthlert,Ew>,ig
l'rm .jjl.uyotii, CJu^aoiOi ¿h, Ilciidudfi, Ktut,
Leigh, Linn, McKean, Mangum, Moore, Pom-
dexter, Porter, Robbms,Shepley,Smith, Southaid,
Swift, Tomhnson, Tyler, White—23.
NAYS—Messrs Benton, Biown,Grundy,Hill,
King of Alabama, King of Geoigia, Knight, Mor-
ns,  Naudam,  Prentiss,   Robinson,   Tallmadge,
Tipton, and Wright—14.
So the bill pissed.
Mr POINDEXTER asked to be excused from
serving longer as a member of the Committee on
the Library; which was granted
Tne Senate then proceeded by ballot to fill the
vacancy occasioned by the resignation of Mr.
POINDEXTER, and Mr. PRESTON was
elected.
A bill for tne rehef of James Middleton Tuttle
was taken up and lead the first time and oidered
to a second leading.
On motion of Mi WHITE, the bill for the
lelief of Silas D. Fisher was considered and
ordered to be lead a third time.
Mr HENDRICKS gave notice that he will on
to-morrow ask lea^e to introduce a bill to allow
the inhabitants of Flonda to open a canal from
the Aptliichioli to----------
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
TutiDVi, Fibiitaiy 3, 1835
After the reading of the Journal,
Mi GRCNNELL moved a call of the House,
in consequence of tne thin attendance of members;
which was agieed t>.
The iu'1 was then called in pan, when Mr.
CLAYTON moved to suspend further proceed-
ings undei the call, which was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMIT TEES.
Mr CLAYTON, fiom the Committee on the
Public La ids, reponed a bi'l ainendatoiy of the
actofSi March, 1623, in relation to piec.nrjtions
t> settlers on the puulic lands, which was' read
twice and postponed to Fnday week.
Mi. CLAYTON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the lelief of Thomas M. Ber-
naul; which was read twice and committed.
Mi OUAMBERS, fiom the Committee on
Piwate Line! Claims, lepoited, without amend-
ment, the bill fiom the Senate for the íelief of M.
do Cañera; which was committed.
Mr. PAUKElt, fiom the Committee on Naval
Afluís, íeported a bill for the iehef of Samuel
W   Ruff; which was read t.vice and commuted.
Mr CASIiY, fiom the Committee on tin. Pub-
lic Landj, íepoited, without amendment, the bill
fiom the Senate for- the lelief of Euzibeth Mc-
(j.u lei, of Mississippi; which was committed.
Mr SUTHERLAND, from the Committee on
Conimtice, reponed a bill to allow diawbacks of
dutiej on merclnndize exported from the United
States, via Musoun, to the provinces of New
Mexici, wluch was lead twice and committed.
Mi ADA\33,fiom the Committee on Invalid
Pen-ions, reported a bill gianting a pension to
Suloman Case, which was lead twice and com-
muted                       *
Mi JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
m.ltee on Mihta.y Afftue, repoued a. hi'l making
an ppprop. latum tor the lepan of the fortifications
on Caslle Island, in Boston haibor; which was
lead twice and committed.
Mi BOCKEE, fiom the Committee on Agri-
cultuie, made a íeport in relation to the cukuie
and manufacture of silit m the United States,
which was committed
Mi. SCUENCK, fiom the Committee on In-
valid Pennons,, reported a bill for the relief of
Jicob Stewar*, which was read tv/ice and com-
mitted
Mi. SCIIENCK, from the same committee,
reimried a bill foi the íelief of El ja.h Blodgett;
which was read twice find committed
Unfavorable rcpoits upon various petitions
weie made bv Messrs CHANEY, BARRIN-
GER, MILLER, VNTHOMY.CARR.ADAMS,
of ?Jew Yoik.ljOYALL, LEA., of Tennessee,
T II HALL, aira INGE, wlucn were laid on the
tabic.
Mi    CAKIt, ftou the Cuiii'muto on Pin ate
Land Claims, made unfavorable reports upon the
petitions of Joseph W. Hegeman, John 1Í. GclT,
and Woodson Wren, which were ordered to he
on the table.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committeeon the Public
Lands, reported the following resolution; which
"/as oidered to lie on the table for one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be dnected to cause an estimate to be made of the
piobable expense of constructing a levee on the
public lands on the western bank of the Missis-
sippi, and the southern bank of Red river, in the
State of Louisiana; and also an estimate of the
expense of constructing or removing obstructions
from the rivers of Arkansas and Missoun, through
| the public lands, whereon they may be necessary,
together with the probable advantages or disad-
I vantages of such works respectively; the probable
I effects upon the health and piosperity of the coun-
try in which any such works may be constructed,
and the probable quantity, quality, and value of
land belonging to the Uni'ed States, which will be
reclaimed by the construction of any such levees,
and make íeport theieof to the next Congress.
Mr. ASHLEY, by leave, offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be required
to furnish this House with annual and detailed
statements of the expenses which have occurred
on the transpoitationand disbursement of money
appropnated for the payment of Indian annuities
for the yeais 1833 and 1834, showing the amount
paid, and such claims, if any, as have been sub-
mitted for payment, and rejected by the Depart-
ment.
Mr PARKS offered the following resolution;
which, under the rule, lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to communicate to this House the report
of Major Hartman Bache of the reconnoissance
for a road through the northern  frontier of the
State of Maine, made by him in pursuance of
instructions from the War Department.
On motion of Mr. LYON, of Michigan,
Resolved, That the information called for by a
resolution of this House of the 14'h ultimo, re-
questing the Secretary of the Treasury to furnish
copies of the decisions of the Commissioners on
PnvateLind Claims at Mackinaw, Green Bay,
and Píame du Chien, in the Terntory of Michi-
gan, be piepared in season to be submitted at the
commencement of the next session of Congress.
On motion of Mr. DUNLAP,
Resolved, That the Committee.on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Bluff
Creek post office, in Fayette county, Tennessee,
to Landspung post office, in stud countyi
On motion of Mr. MAY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed  to inqune mto the expedi-
ency of causing a suivey of the Illinois nvei to be
made, fiom us junction with the Mississippi to
the town of Ottawa.
On mot.on of Mr. GILMER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
CIairn<> inqune whether a certificate, issued by
John Pierce, Paymaster General of the United
States, to the State of Georgia, in the year 1785,
foi the sum of §23,283 70, for commutation and
other pay, advanced by that State to hei officers
on the continental establishment, has been paid,
or in any manner settled by the United States;
and if not, that said committee inquire into the
propriety of providing for the payment of the
same to the State of Georgia.
On motion of Mr GARLAND,
Resolved,Tn&i the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of extending the post route fiom the
town of Opelousas to the settlements on the Cal-
casen river, to the Sabrne river, in the State of
Louisiana.
Mr. FERRIS, by consent, offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the  Committee of Ways and
Means be i istructed to inquire into the expediency
of repealing the duty on foreign coal.
Mr. FEtlRld said tl at. in oUaiiijr tins resolu-
