192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
this duty, that the humblest individual could enjoy
the comforts of a fire side, and the growth and
prosperity of our cities be promoted by lessening
the price of living in them?
If thia duty on coal was intended as a source of
revenue, it has failed of its object, as the statement
from the Treasury Department shows that it pro-
duced during the last fiscal year but $ 94,425 94,and
as the national debt is paid, and we shall have in
the Treasury an annual surplus, after discharging
all necessary expenditures, it is not required for
that object; and I submit to the good sense of the
House, whether the peace and harmony of the
country will not be better promoted by circum-
scribing our revenue to our wants, as far as may
be consistent with the protection of our national
industry, than by collecting a surplus by unequal
taxation, which will invite to extravagance in
expenditures, and engender discord and jealousy
under any conceivable plan of distribution; and I
trust it will be generally conceded that it is better
to retain among the people their own money, to
circulate through the channels of commerce and
industry,giving activity to business and vigorous
impulse to enterprise, than to accumulate it in a
National Treasury, to become the subject of con-
tention and a source of speculation for the states-
man and politician, to devise the least objection-
able mode of returning it back from whence it
came, unavoidably diminished by the expenses of
original collection and ultimate distribution, and
subject to contingent losses by defalcation and
other causes. If this duty was intended to encour-
age national industry, it has defeated its object,
for while it embarrasses commerce, increases the
expense of living, and enhanses the price of the
implements of husbandry and of most manufac-
tured articles to the farmer and consumer, it at the
same time affords no protection to our manufac-
tures, as heat is generally an agent in their pro-
duction, and any augmentation in the price of fuel
must operate to their disadvantage.
If this duty was intended to enable the coal of
our country to compete with foreign coal, it was
unnecessary for such a purpose; as, without this
duty, domestic coal can be sold cheaper than
foreign coal,and yield a fair profit; asean be easily
shown by a reference to the calculations made by
the various coal and canal companies, in their
applications for legislative patronage; and by a
fair estimate of the cost of coal at the mines, the
cost of transportation, toll, yardage, and other
incidental expenses, and the increasing facilities
of bringing it to market by railroads, canals, and
new avenues of communication, will enable it to
be sold at still more reduced prices.
Neither  do  the  coal-producing  States  derive
advantages from this duty proportionate to the
injury it causes to the districts where its opera-
tion is felt; as is evident from the prices at which
. coal is sold at the collieries.    A great portion of
the increment of the price of coal, arising from
this tax, is received by the speculators in coal,
mostly consisting of the large incorporated coal
companies, principally formed of city capitalists,
and non-residents of the coal-producing States,
who are the proprietors or lessees of the largest i
and most valuable collieries, and who retail it to
the consumer through their agents, and by monop-
olizing the market, compel the purchasers to pay
what they demand, unrestrained by the competi-
tion which foreign coal would oppose to them, if
admitted free of duty,    in order fairly to estimate
the profits of the venders of coal, it may also be
proper to observe that anthracite coal is sold in II
the city of New York  by the ton, consisting of !
the neit weight of two thousand pounds, in con- ||
formity with the statute regulation of a ton weight ]!
in the State of New Yoik, while coal ¡s purchased ',',
at many of the collieries from which the supply l|
is obtained, at the gross weight of two thousand !'
two hundred and forty pounds to the ton.               ;|
1 wouü submit to those who may wish to |
encourage the consumption of domestic edal, ¡!
whether that ol ject is promoted by unnecessarily ¡
increasing its pi ice. 1 apprehend thai the cheaper ;!
it is afforded lo the consumer, just in that pro- i
portion it V/iU force oilier fuel out of market, and
supply its place.
Liverpool and other European coals are gener-
ally biuught aa ballast by American mid foici"ti
shipping. They eould not be brought as a regu-
lar cargo, without great loss to theimporter. They
may serve sometimes to complete a return cargo
with advantage; but remit this duty, and the Nova
Scotia coal mines would pour in a supply which
would compel the large coal companies and vend-
ers of domestic coal to reduce it to a fair price;
and although at such a price it would compete
with foreign coal, yet the foreign coal would oper-
ate as a check to any unreasonable increase of
price. But waiving for the present the question
of policy, would it be a legitimate object of the
Government to promote the interest of one section
of the country to the prejudice and injury of other
sections? Is it in accordance with the principles
of our Union, with that spirit of amity and good
feeling which should exist between the members
of this great Confederacy ? Is it the meaning of
the Constitution, or was it ever contemplated by
the framers of that instrument, that the citizens of
one State should be indirectly taxed for the benefit
of a sister State? What would the farmers of
Pennsylvania say if a duty was put on plaster of
Paria, or gypsum—a material which is sent in
large quantities from the State of New York to
fertilize their lands? And there is as much reason
why foreign plaster should be taxed to enrich the
owners of plaster beds in the State of New York
as that foreign coal should be taxed to enhance
the profits of the proprietors of domestic coal
mines.
I will not examine the abstract question, how
far our Government may be authorized to raise
revenues beyond what may be necessary for the
purposes of its organization. But it will be ad-
mitted that, as a general rule, it is not in accord-
ance with the principles of sound Government to
increase the price of the necessaries of life by un-
necessary taxation. Revenue should be raised, as
far as practicable, from luxuries, with the double
view of discouraging extravagance and of placing
the burden on those who are the best able to bear
it, and who voluntarily assume the payment, by
the consumption of the articles coming under that
denomination. But if the necessities of the Gov-
ernment shall render it proper to impose duties
on the necessaries of life, they should be placed
on such articles as are of general consumption
throughout the nation; and in this point of view
a tax on salt, sugar, tea, or coffee, is far more
equitable than the one on coal. Sir, the duty on
foreign coal cannot be sustained by the arguments
that may be advanced in favor of a duty on most
other articles.
A duty on some articles of primary necessity
may be defended on the ground of public policy.
A duty may be put on sugar with a view to en-
courage its growth in our country; a duty on
woo!, to encourage the raising of sheep amongus;
upon sny product of the earth, to encourage our
agriculture; upon any manufactured articles, to
encourage the arts and enterprise of our citizens,
to enable them to compete with foreign manufac-
turers, that our wants may be supplied in time of
war, or wheu our intercourse with foreign nations,
from whatever cause, shall be suspended; with a
view to create a home market for our agricultural
produce, by diverting a part of the national labor
to manufactures, or to meet some extraordinary
national expenditure or emergency. But a duty
on coal can neither be defended on the ground of
necessity or policy. The God of nature, in his
divine wisdom, has placed extensive beds of coal
m many sections of our country; duty or no duty
they are there; in peace or war, they are there.
The price our citizens would pay for domestic
coal, without the addition of price occasioned by
this duty, will be a sufficient inducement to work
the coal mines, and the increased consumption of
domestic coal that would be created )if the lower-
ing of Us price, and the gradual augmentation of
the population, with the increasing facilities of
transportation from the mines to the market, will
at all times place it in fair competition with coal
which must be brought over the ocean at much
greater expense, with the h<>ziirds of the sea or
the expense of insurance. But even admit that
foreign coal could be brought to our Atlantic cities
cheaper than domestic coal, this circumstance
would afford no justification for so unequal a tax
as this duty ímposes, or for unnecessaiily incieas-
ing the price of fuel; and no principle of our con-
federated government established for the benefii
and protection of all its members, and guarantying
equal rights, immunities, and privileges to all its
citizens, can sanction any law or policy which
adds a factitious value to tliemineral or other pro-
ductions of some of the States, by increasing the
burdens of the other States, or that enriches one
part of the community by impoverishing the other
part. If I am answered that this duty on coal is
part of the compact formed by the compromise
bill, and was the consideration and inducement for
the coal-producing States to enter into it, 1 will
reply, that all compromises of this kind ought to
be based on the principie'of reciprocity, and are
intended to secure mutual advantages to the con-
tracting parties; that New York receives no equiv-
alent for submitting to this unequal tax on her cit-
izens, and that, in this legislative arrangement, her
interests in this respect have not received that con-
sideration to which they are entitled.
A more suitable time could not be selected to
bring forward inquiries of the itind contemplated
by the resolution. Our national debt has been
paid; one and all of us rejoice at this unprece-
dented event in the history of modern nations; so
animating to the patriots; so cheering to the Amer-
ican people of all parties. Let the joyful tidings,
as they roll along the valley of the Mississippi, or
reverberate through the hills of Maine and New
Hampshire, as they are wafted from the Atlantic
to the lakes, and spread through every part of our
country, as they reach the hamlet in the wilder-
ness, the scattered settlements of the prairies, or
the dense crowds of the city population, be fol-
lowed by the equally joyful announcement that
the Government is taking measures to lessen the
burthens of the people, so far as the same can be
done consistent with national faith, and a due
regard to our great manufacturing, agricultural,
and commercial interests, and while our statesmen
are devising the means of disposing of the surplus
revenue accumulating in the national Treasury,
let us not at least refuse the inquiry as to what
duties on the necessaries of life may be remitted
with benefit to all, and without injuiy to any.
Feeling unwilling to trespass longer on the time
of the House, and grateful for the indulgence I
have already experienced, 1 submit this resolution
to your consideration, cherishing the hope that the
inquiry «ill be allowed,and that it will be followed
by a remission of the duty on coal, or at least that
coal will be admitted to entry free of duty, in the
same manner and at the same time as the articles
enumerated in the fifth section of the compromise
bill. I repeat, I only solicit an inquiry into the
complaints of those who feel themselves aggrieved,
and who look to the paternal wisdom of Govern-
ment for protection. I do not wish to disturb the
general provisions of the compromise bill, origi-
nating in those fraternal feelings which I cherish
and respect; I only seek relief from the oppressive
operation of a single duty to which the attention
of Congress was not particularly drawn when this
compromise bill proclaimed to the nation that our
dissensions had yielded to mutual concession, and
that peace, harmony, and sentiments of attach-
ment to our Union prevailed throughout the Re-
public.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowingcommumcations, which were appropriately
disposed of:
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary
of State, in answer to a resolution of the House of
the 22J ultimo in relation to certain correspondence
with the Government of Spain;
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, pursuant to a resolution of 8th April, 1834,
a revised system of the military discipline;
A letter from the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, pursuant to law, an abstract of the general
returns of the militia, arms,&c, of the United
States;
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
exhibiting the revenue accruing from imports for
the year 1833;
A letter from the Clerk of the House in relation
to the case of —— Pierce, of Georgia.
