IS35.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
193
CITY or ALEXANDRIA.
The House proceeded to consider the motion
heretofore made by Mr. BOULD1N, to reconsider
the vote i ejecting the bill lor the relief of the city
of Aieximlna
Mr   DOULDIN rsaid he would request the in-
dulgence   of the House but for a short time, in
stating the íeasons that had induced him to move
for the ^consideration of this bill     He could not
flatter  himself that  what he had to say  would
change the vole of so large a majority as had been
given against it, wnen last before the House; but
inasmucri as he had \oted under misapprehen-
sion, he desired to explain.    He was no advocate
for internal improvements at the expense of the
General Government, carried on anywhere, nor
was he an advocate for it to an exaavaganllength
within the limit ot toe Diaria of Columbia, but
the case under cotift delation v. as a peculiar one.
An injury hud been done to the tow i of Alexan-
dria by an ait of Corgress, and the bill before the
House was a proposition for its redre=s.    In 1804,
he believed  it was, that th* main channel of the
Potomac was diveited from its course by a cause-
way placed in Ha deepest part, so as to throw the
channel out of its original course, round by the
town of Georgetown, thereby destroying the mam
channel which had previously ran direct to Alex-
andria, and thereby destroying the trade of that
town, which was the only thing that made it an
interestm  and prosperous city    TheMrade came
down from the valley of Virginia, passing the old
channel that went round the (alls of the Potomac,
and the boats parsed immediately along the deep
channel between Mason's Island, by whicn they
were protected     The causeway was constructed
in that channel, and it then became necessary for
the boats to cross the river, amatter of almost im-
possibility, or at least of ereat danger, as he was
informed, ard veuly believed,  for sma'l craft—
the river being there a mile wide    This was the
injury that had been done    Mr   B   refened to
the opinions of those who lived at the time in its
vicinity, and who took part in the legislation under
the authority of which the causeway was con-
structed, and of the delegation n Congress from
Virginia, eleven out of fourteen of wnom voted
a a.nst it.    Of the three who voted for it, one lived
in Georgetown, wh ch  wiald be benefited by it,
another lived above, and therefore cared nothing
about it, and toe third voted as f e pleased     This
showed the impre-s- on tnose had of it who might
be supposed to  know most about 1'     Prior to
the cons'ruc'ion   of this mliseway,  the  city   of
Alexardna was fi lur.o'nng, «ince th it, it hat' gone
down, and she h id a right to comp'tm ot injury
When a city grew up, and its commerce pros,.¡.red,
and was increasing to de- roy it at once was.lit.de
short of an ac' of v,oleare    The- citizens had
done all in tbei>- power to avert "s fall     lhev
had s inscribed  very lareely, to the amount of
f^oO.Od'Uo the Chesapeake and Onto c¡>ni',u,idei
the expe-cta on th-t this v/ou'd renredy the evd
liour'tu  oiihem by theacto'Congre-s,     Af'er
sibs n'j ng a qu  rttr of a bullion, and bringing
the cnnal Xo Geo-getov, i, the very ongm ot the
evil, the e it vi   s t > "to", ind a'l the money they
hid la.d out g ip' -o 1 utld   'p and s rengthen their
rive'      Mr   B   tliw    t >t became Congtess'o aid
tiem, r  1  *. th d i  d'fe-enre. 1 e 'bought it not
righ' to ierHe     H 11 C>!i rí«, hv i's i-", none
them an i j  rv '    1. s-->, let it be redie=se 1
Mr R s id I'ui't'il ¡rift surprise n his mind,
as it no dojbt d ! to m-i V Vier*. wnen 1 e siwa
c mil nin-iooel 'o be r<> i« eel on uoth * des of
tdswatei, > ! whei he net mvv it, he hid no
lliKi'i'Hii i* g t'l •• innn 'ni-'ion But ft her
lie erne to he n firmed I hit il eihlchin el at the
mei hil hre - n >td i. > bv in sit ol C ingres ,
)' al rrc I t e <••> e a v 'ettiei, a id he ••« at om.e
tut in, ir h ' ', t n d ni o'' u town, fin! that
K,, i„ti' i.'i.ntm'ie it m me he-t wiy
re id His'i mr oi wai, tu t tieieuiess
en hi i a' l>" e i m up ire 1 I
t'ipi ii !v^   s ii J tnev -*h
jb 1 llltt        DOS'  I, Sic ti
,. r   i i rJ
bound to remedy the evil we have done; and the
easiest mode would be that proposed. If a better
could be devised, he would willingly vote for it,
and he hoped some gentleman would point it out.
Mr. B. again explained, that in voting for tne
rejection of this bill, he had done so under the
misapprehension that it was an appropriation dif-
ferent fiom that proposed last spring He thought
the money had been received and expended, and
that this was a bill for a new appropriation, and
he had no idea that it was the same bill. After
some further remarks, Mr. B concluded by mov-
ing to reconsider the vote rejecting the bill.
Mr. CHILTON said, the decisive majority by
which the bill had been before rejected, was such
that he did not imagine such lights would be
thrown upon it by further discussion, as to change
that issue, and, moreover, as there were many
bills of great importance pressing for action, he
would, for the purpose of testing the disposition
of the House, move to lay the motion on the
table
Mr MANN, of New York, called for the yeas
and nays; which were ordeied.
The question was so taken, and resulted as fol-
lows: Yeas 89, nays 104
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider the bill on the table
Mr. THOMAS, of Louisiana, said he was in
favor of a reconsideration of this question, but
from very different views from those advanced by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr Booldin ] The
Congress of the United States stood in the i elation
cf a local Legislature to the ten miles square com
posing the District of Columbia This District did
not possess the privileges of a State, but looked to
the Federal Legislature as a child looked to its
parent He foi one felt bound to advocate its in
terests as much as he would Ü ose of the State in
which he lived If the legislation of a S'ate in-
flicted miuiy, it was admitted that the State was j
bound to make reparation for the evil it had in- |
flicted.                                            „   ,                        J
Mr. T. felt it his duty to call the attention of |
the House to this ten miles square     He thought |
it hard that the whole twenty-four States should I
b  unwilling, or feel themselves unable to take
care of so small a territory, deprived of the means
of taking care of itself     It was hard that they
should shut ud their bowels of mercy and compas-
sion   against the  natural   appeals   of   the  child
their lateral canal. A great portion of the work
was completed—two of the abutments and one of
the piers of the aqueduct were finished, or in a
state of forwardness—the machinery for the further
prosecution of the work was all provided; and
now it seemed to be the disposition of some gen-
tlemen to abandon it altogether. To this course
(Mr B. said) he could not consent, let the expense
be what it might. He could not consent that the
ruin of this work should be suffered to stand here
under the eyes of Congress a monument of its
folly He contended that the dollars and cents
expended on public works gave no criterion of the
expediency of their construction. The true stand-
ard was the amount of labor which they draw
from other employments. The circulation of the
money among those requiring employment was
its proper appropriation. He concluded by re-
peating that he could not consent to see this work
left only as a monument of the unwise legislation
of Congress, and if it required ten times the
amount asked for, he would support it rather than
see it abandoned
Mi   SPEIGHT did not suppose his opinion
would have a tendency to change the vote of any
member on this question, but he felt bound to give
he reasons which would impel him to vote against
the reconsideration.   He held different views from
those advanced by the gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Thomas,] of the relation in which the Dis-
I tnct of Columbia stood towards the General Gov-
| ernment.    He considered this projected appropn-
' ation as a mere entering wedge, looking to future
expenditures of the money of the people and of
the States, on works of internal improvements.
He asked what they were called on to do'   To
cut a splendid canal alongside of a navigable river,
I fully equal to all the wants of the people in its
| vicinity.    He could conceive of no project more
absurd, and he called on gentlemen to go and view
the works, and  convince themselves.   He had
always found when the public purse was opened
| for such works individual enterprise was relaxed,
' and the works thus professedly fostered by the
Government were most liable to languish.   Mr.
S. was the friend of internal improvements; but
they should be confined to their proper conserva-
tors.    His doctrine was, that the money requisite
for their  accomplishment should remain in the
hands of the people, and be by them expended at
their own option.   Those works which had been
dependent on them, and cut off from all other ! prosecuted  under the auspices of Government
Uepenaent on uiem,                                                        futlds,had generally given more evidence of pec-
succor.                                     ,     ,   ,        ,
Bat gentlemen were in the habit of viewing
every appropriation m this District as so rnucn
money taken out of the Treasury, and belonging
to people a* a distance This position he denied
lie asked ho* the District came to belong to the
United States They asked for i's cession fiom
two States. The arswer of Virginia was thai she
must first obtain the consent of her citizens. When
tins was done, somefortv years a;o, she gave, as
U were with her child, adowry of 5,120,000, which,
if lainin  upon interest, would now amount to
aoout f.300 000 Of this fund the United States hid
emoved the beneft He denied that the Unred
S ates was advancing ore cent out of the pockets
of the people
He believed if we should give this I  for.
ulation than enterprise The General Government
had been accused of extravagance by interested
partisans, and the fault was laid at the door of the
President or the present Administration, while
the extravagant appropriations on that floor were .
the source to which all these complaints were at-
tubutable. He therefore called upon eve^y gen-
tleman on that floor, who professed to sustain the
principles of economy avowed by the Administra-
tion, to put a stop to these extiavagant expendi-
tures Mr S said he should vote against the
motion for reconsideration, as he believed the
work inexpedient, and liable to cost a million of
dollars, rather than the hundred thousand applied
to lie v . oi
s'i Hi'd tie put i
t^e i ' >•;' vv is i
be d me, tn-1 >es
the)   l'uJ      \\
)s t1)"  inured
lie «id ñ*d with the
i it v m d he i<.< e led
, ii d ', troiu-htt* cy
loe «i  i    if tbt v'  (« letoie
i  i  t! >m, '  it a' 'I'1' co >'*' '',!
wiv «mild be t>give them wh't
Inn   «• )i ' d  tlitm. ami (tie
ten mi'es square a Governor a-da 1 tJe Legisla-
ture of their o-vn, they wouM do this work for
themselves, and perhaps it would be much better
for Them, rither tl an to depend on the great body
so little disused to do pnyltiipg for t.iem He
was in favor of die appropriation ab a matter of
sheei í istice
Mi   CA.TE3 expressed his mtenfon to vote in
ftvor of a .ecoi s deration of tins b.l"      It was to
do that which, sooner o. latei.v e shouldIhe bound
o do     The city of AleirnJna h.d diffculties
enough to coñ'eifd with without the host, e leps
ht?on of C™tw«, or if not it, hostile  at l«et M
,   ?U and piej.idien!   lesnht.on      I" the fi«t|
" ,ce, a dam'is placed across then channel of the
river  divertm- .'s com neice. and next the term-
,raoi   of the- Ch«v>«.ke and Ohio Cana   in
Washington, ,f left in tint condition, was calcu-
lated to demolish, toaniulr'atethe rrosper.ty of
Ve-Undna       ho h mdied ami fitly thcimnd
dob ir  o' the (a ids of Mevndna Hd bee  yp-o-
„   tí' towards th  con.tr ut.on of the «n  . and
,t hand,til and e, htv il.ouo4.id towards that of
Mr VINTON said he should vote for the recon-
sideration, on the ground that the House had
previously appropriated §100,000 for the work—
s?0,000 of which was already experded, and the
ren tinder was under the process of expenditure.
When the House decided the question to make
theformer appropriation, they decided thequestion
of its expediency, and he did not think that ques-
tion should now be agitated. The question was,
whether the sum already expended should be lost,
or whether it should be saved by the passage of
the bill proposed to be reconsidered. The expe-
diency of tne work being decided by the former
action of the House, he thought n required most
ccent reasons from gentlemen opposed to the
anpropmtion, ftV refusing to confnue it
Mr MILLCRsaid he was m favor of a recon-
sideration of this question, and of the appropria-
tion, fir reasons similar to those given by gentle-
men who preceded him He had, on a former
o-casion, opposed an appropriation for this work,
under the bel ef that it would require a much
larger Bum than he was now convinced would be
