Í94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
tdequatetothecompletionof the work. He would
jeprecate the loss of the sums aheady expended,
and he was now willing to vote for the sum re-
auired in the bill.
* JMr. MINER.   Here was a place located  on
navigable water, vvell situated foi trade and com-
merce, and which,*by the industry and enterprise
of He citizens, was prosperous and flourishing,
until by an act of the Government, that was per-
haps very proper, for of that he knew nothing,
an impediment had been placed in the nver turn- '
ing and changing the old  natural channel, and i
thereby substantially destroying the navigation i
formerly cained on there.   This was the case of |
the city of Alexandria    Now came the question,
whethei an  attempt which had  been  made  to |
remedy this evil by the formation of a canal, which (
was called, and ceitainly was, an internal improve-
ment, for the purpose of placing that city in some I
degree in the same situation it was before, should j
be completed.    He was in favor of internal .m   |
provements geneiallj., but this recommended itself i
on different grounds from what those usually did   |
Heie was a city possessed of advantages bestowed i
upon it by the God of nature, a navigable stream '
to it, and of which it had been deprived by an act ¡
of the Government, and suiely the application
stood upon much higher giounds than those of I
ordinary cases of internal improvement, for the |
benefitofthose who were not benefited before,and
to whom it was a mere matter of favoi, policy, |
or interest,  whether it were done or not.    But
when the Government has interfered with pretx
isting lights, 01 taken away privileges and advan-
tages given by God  himseli to them, and when
they have laid out almost their whole fortunes in
the erection of buildings, warehouses, &c ,for the
purpose of carrying on their commerce, then he
considered it a question resting on an entirely dif-
ferent basis than ordinary cases.    It was on that
general ground that he was in favor of reconsidei-
mg the vote rejecting the bill, and in favor of the
grant proposed.
It had been said, and this weighed greatly on
his mind, that the people of Alexandria had been
led to expect that the canal, or one part of it,
should be extended to that city; and that such as-
surances had been given, or held out to them, as
raised expectations in their minds that such would
be the case—that the canal would not be carried
to Georgetown, or to this city, and theie stop,
from which they could possibly draw no advan-
tage, but, on the contiary, receive nothing but in-
jury. Under this expectation they subscubed a
large sum of money to aid m the completion of the
canal,all which money they had lost—worse than
lost—provided the canal should stop .vheie it then
was, since their trade would be entirely destroyed.
Mr. M. apprehended that this consideration alone
would lead to the conclusion that the proposed
appropnation ought to Le made, and he accorded
in the idea suggested, that it would be an act of
injustice not to do it. He had no fears that it
would not meet the views and wishes of their con-
stituents, to extend the woik a little farther, and
not stop in the middle of it He believed it would
ledound to the honoi, and glory, and wisdom, of
the Government, and he hoped the motion to re-
consider would prevail, and the application be
successful.
Mr. PARKS said, they were told by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr Vinton,] that this work
having been commenced by the United States, it
was incumbent upon those gentlemen who were
opposed to the reconsideration of this vote, and
opposed, also, to the construction of the work, to
give good reasons why it should not go on Mr.
P apprehended it would not be very difficult for
any gentleman in justification of his vote on this
subject, to show that the work, if completed, would
be useless, and that all the money heretofore ex-
pended upon it, had been entirely, or almost en-
tirely, wasted That it was useless, a moment's'
reflection would, he thought, con/vince any one
Here was one of the finest rivers upon the face of
the eaith, flowmg between two commercial cities,
or rathei between two cities once commercial, and
one of tnem asking Congress to dig a canal by the
side of that rivei for the purpose of benefiting
commerce. Was it possible for any boat or vessel
to oe conveyed on that canal that could not float
on this majestic river? It was not. But even
were it so, that this canal should be made the
means of conveying the vast resources of this Dis-
trict, they would not go to Alexandria. The in-
evitable result was, that commerce would become
concentrated at particular spots, m large cines and
towns. The commerce of this section of country
was once divided among many small rival ports,
it was now concentrated in the city of Baltimore.
Railroads might be constructed, canals might be
dug to this city or to Alexandria, the railroad from
the Point of Rocks or to Washington rity, fiom
Baltimore, would take every barrel of flour and
every species of commodity from the city of Alex-
andria. Even if ¡t could piomote the navigation of
the river itself ¡t would be useless, as far as Alex-
andria was concerned.
Mr. P. had stated that the money already ex-
pended had been thrown away; let us see how the
fact stood. His recollection was, that the $100,000
voted last session, was for thepurposeof building
an aqueduct across the river at Georgetown. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Dates] has
said thpt the abutments were completed Mi P
did not know what the gentleman meant by abut-
mevs, but he himself had searched on the west
side of the uver, and could find nothing done that
appeared to have any connexion with the aque-
duct On the othei side he saw a pile of eaith,
which anywhere in the north could have bfen
raised at a tuning expense. That was all he saw;
and if the gentleman saw more, he was moie for-
tunate than Mr P had been Thegenllemanfrom
Massachusetts further said, inasmuch as the work
had been begun, it was the duty of Congiess to
complete it, whatever might be its cost, and that
he, for one, would never consent thst this canal
should stand as a monument of oui folly. Mr. P.
would defy that genileman, on any part of the
habitable globe, out of the Disti.ct of Columbia,
to find sue h a monument of folly as this canal
would be if it were completed The truth was, it
was nothing more than voting the public money
away for the benefit of the indolent in this District,
and Mr P. wai (or doing it, if at all, openly,
plainly, and avowedly, so that their constituents
should undeisund the purpose for which it was
done. He could not hi ing himself to believe, and
he had devoted some attention to the subject, that
the canal, if finished, would evei benefit the coun-
try, the district, or a single individual except the
contractor, and for this reason he should vote
against the reconsideiation.
Mr. HA WE8 jocosely remaiked that unless he
took a hand now and then, he was beginning to
fear he should foiget .how to speak Moieover,
he had another reason His honoiablefnend from
North Carolina [Mr. Si-light] had sounded the
Administration trumpet, and called upon all the
friends of the Administration to come forward and
resist this attempt at extravagant expendituie,and
as Mr. H held himself to be as good an Admin-
istration man as any gentleman upon that floor,
he felt bound to obey the summons of the trum-
peter. He was, however, somewhat afraid it
would turn out like the case of a man in the west-
ern country celebiated for raising hogs, who was
in the habit eveiy morning of calling them, and
when they came up he gave them nothing to eat.
At last they refused to come at his call, and the
man swore he would change the bleed of his
hogs, because they refused to obey his summons
[Laughter] But Mr H agieed with his honor-
able friend, and he would give his reason for it
Thegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr Miiafr]
said that he opposed this bill at the last session
of Congress, but having at this session a betier
understanding of the matter, he should support
it. And what, let me ask, (sir, said Mr. H ,) is
this better understandmgof the mattei? He says
that the people of Alexandria were induced to
subscribe for this canal under an agreement or a
compact, or an assurance, or an understanding,
that it should terminate at the highest navigable
point. Well, and what was the highest navigable
point of the river' At Georgetown, and at
Georgetown the canal terminated, and there, m
his opinion, it ought to terminate The very com-
pact which induced the people of Alexandna to
subscribe to the canal had been carried into effect,
and yet, says thegentleman, "upon better under-
standing of the matter" he iq induced to alter hia
vote from that of last session.
Mi. II. would ask, what would be the conse-
quence if the canal would effect all the people of
Alexandria predicted? Why, to build up their
city, and, at the same time, destroy Geoigetown.
There were three cities m this District contending
for the trade and commerce from foreign parts,
and whichever would be built up, would result in
the destruction of the others. For his part, he never
would vote for an appropriation of money to build
any canal by the side of a navigable river, erected
by the hand of nature, and better than any canal
Congress could construct, if it were to expend the
whole resources of the Government in attempting
it. A river m which vessels of almost a'l sizes
could navigate with safety. The argument about
compensation amounted to nothing Suppose the
States of New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio,
had been*stayed by the principle that, to construct
a woik l-i one part of the country might for a
time injure another, where would now have been
their gieat works of internal improvement a.id
their ti easures? Remuneration was never thought
of by them
Mr. II made a few further remarks, and con-
cluded by repeating Ins intention to vote against
the mo'ion to reconsider.
Mr. MERCER, entered into a detail of the cir-
cumstances and the vaiiojs pioceedings of the
Corporations of Washington, Alexandria, and
Geoige'own, connected with the ongmal location
of the Ohio and Chesapeake Canal, and the origin
of the contemplated aqueduct. Ele urged, at
length, the importance and utility of the pioposed
improvements, which he contended could be com-
pleted by the appropriation of $,135,000 m addition
to foi mer appi opriations
Mr. MANN, of New York, opposed tiie res-
olution at some length.
Mr. ALLEN, of Virginia, supported it.
Mr. HARDIN rose to address the House in
opposition, and remarked that he was willing now
to proceed with hia argument; but as it was late
in the day to test the wishes of the House on the
subject, he would move an*adjournment.
The question on adjournment was" taken by
teller , and decided in the affirmative—a yes S4,
noes 77
So the House adjourned till to-moriow at eleven
o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Feb) wary 4, 1835.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a certificate of the election of the honorab'e
JOHN M RQBINSON, a Senator from the State
of Illinois, for six yeais from the 4th of March
next.
THE SINKING FUND.
The VICE PRESIDENT also communicated
afuither report from the Commissioners of the
Sinking Fund, recommending that the commission
maybe discontinued, as the object for which it
had been created was accomplished.
THE  SENATE PRINTING.
The VICE PRESIDENT also communicated
a report from the Secretary ot the Senate, made
in obedience to order, relative to the state of the
printing of the Senate; which, on motion of Mr.
HILL, was ordeied to be punted.
FLORIDA TERRITORY.
Mr HENDRICKS,pursuant to notice, and on
leave given, introduced a bill supplementary to the
act to authnme the Florida Territory to open a
canal in that Territory; which was twice read and
referred.
PETITIONS,  ETC.
Petitions of a private nature were presented by
Messrs PORTER, TIPTON, and KANE
Mr TIPTON presented a memorial fi om the
Legislature of Indiana, praying Congress to ex-
tinguish the Indian title m that State, and to make
piovision to remove the Indiana webt of the Mis-
sissippi.
