1S35.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
The bill was then committed to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
Mr. POLK, pursuant to notice given, some
days since, moved to suspend all the previous or-
ders of the day for the purpose of proceeding to
the consideration of the bill regulating the depos-
ites of the public moneys in the local banks, and
several othei billa in relation to the Bank of the
United States, &c.
Mr. McKKvl demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion, which were ordered, and were—yeas
90, nays 111
So the House refused to postpone the orders for
this purpose
Ml. POLK regarded the measures to which he
had referíed as vitally important to the fiscal op-
erations of the Government He theiefore gave
notice that he would, on Tuesday next, make a
motion similar lo the one which had just failed,
and he wished gentlemen to determine at that
time whether or not they would be disposed to
act on thebe subjects at the present session.
CITY OP ALEXANDRIA.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
motion to reconsider the vote rejecting the bill foi
the relief of tne city of Alexandria.
Mr HARDIN said he had given his sentiments
on this subject at length when it was last up, but
he wished to say a few words in addition One
argument used w>s,that this was a debt due to the
city of Aiexandna, if it was, let it be examined by
the Committee of Claims, and whether it amount-
ed to one dollar or a million, he was wilhng it
should be paid. He denied, however, that it was
a debt. Aiexandna had no claim. The cession
made by Virginia had never been claimed back
by her, and she would considei it an insult to be
told so But again What had the United States
done in Virginia' Expended upwards of half a
million of dollars on that part of the Cumber-
land road which ran througn that State. Was
that al'' No. Congress had given at onetime
§100 000 to the city of Alexandria, at another
$20,000, and at anothei §12,000, and had moie-
ovei purchased out the shares in the Long Bridge,
and made it toll-free—theieby opening three mar-
kets for the State of Virginia, instead ol one. Here
was an outlay of $300,000, and-still the Govern-
ment was in debt' Gi eat God' (said Mr. H ,) he
never knew a debt so hard to pay before. It was
true that no S'ate in the Union had been moie
l.beral than Virginia; bat she had received much
in letuin. She, howevei, was too high minded to
make any claim. It was said we owed a large
debt to the District This was not the fact. How
much had the District been benefited by the loca-
tion of the seat of Government then.' The people
compla ned of taxes, but for what were they laid '
To improve their own property, and to proviJe
for the police And had we not improved it'
Yes, at an expense of thousands upon thousands
of dollars Even the very walks had been done
at Uncle Sam's expense. The streets of the city
of Washington had been paved ai.d improved by
Congress et an expense of ^,130,000 The lots
between the famous riverTibei and the City Hall
had been first given to the Corporation, and then
bought back ¡"gain. §160,000 had been given for
the canpl, and < 150 000 lor the lots, making in all
about «jSOO.OUO, and sull we owed them a debt, a
hea\y debt, and will further applications for
money were made He would abk, would they
let us off at six millions' Mr. H was ceitain
we awed neither the city of Aiexandna nor the
Distuct one cent.
Mr II then refened to the aqu-duct, upon
which $70,000 had been alieady expended, and no
one seemed to know how much had been done
The gentleman fiom Massachusetts [Mi. Bates]
said that the abutments had been erected on one
side, bat Mi. H was at a loss to know what the
gentleman meant fie went and examined the
woik hi iself, and a dam oi embankment, he was
informed, had been made, at an expense of some
six or seven thousand dollars; and when he was
there, a Kige part of it had been destroyed lie
had had ihe river measuied at Georgetown, and
found it fiiteen hundied feet wide—the embank-
ment being five hundied feet, left a cleai channel
of one thousand feet, according to the showing of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mekceb,] who
addressed the House on the subject some days
ago.
Mr. MERCER explained.
Mr. HARDIN said he had probably misunder-
stood the gentleman—besides he knew we were
not accountable here for a speech delivered a
month ago. We have the right to plead the act
of limitation upon it He contended that the
aqueduct would lequire eleven piers, and if the
length of the aqueduct shall prove lo be twelve
or fourteen hunured feet, it will require more, for
he did not believe it practicable to make the span
of each one hundred feet. Mr. H said this wooden
aqueduct could not last more than six or seven
years, subjected as it was to the action of air and
water, and in pi oof of this, appealed to the expe-
rience of gentlemen in the construction of mills,
&e. He said he was opposed to the expenditure
of another dollar on these works. He considered
the million already expended on the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal as lost, as likewise the $100,000
alieady appropriated to the aqueduct He had
opposed, and while he held a seat on that floor,
he would continue to oppose, the whole scheme
of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal. He opposed
these appropriations on other considerations. He
did not uelieve the Government ever received fair
return m labor bestowed The money was too
apt to suck to the fingers of those intrusted with
its expenditure. The macadamizing of Pennsyl-
vania avenue cost §100,000, while it should have
been done for|>20,u00 He asked how gentlemen
would face their constituents wi¿h the tale that
they had voted this §100,000 to construct a canal
alongside of the finest river m our country ? Mr
H. concluded by saying he had done what he
deemed to do his du„y. This he would always
endeavor to do while he retained that íespon
sible station, and when he retired from it, and was
aga.n placed on one of those western hills, wheie
the eye glances over the vast and fertile regigns
of the gieat valley of the Mississippi, he could
cast a look to the eastward and exclaim with the
dying Christ an, " Farewell—farewell' vain
world1 I'm going home1"
Mr TURRILL opposed the reconsideration of
the bill.
Mr. SUTHERLAND said, notwithstanding
what had been said by the gentleman fiom Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Hardin,] he considered himself a
repret>enta'ive of the people of the Distuct of Co-
lumbia, and also the Representative of the people
of the fiibt congressional distuct of Pennsylvania,
m the vote he intended to give in favor of this
bill When the cession of these ten miles square
was made to the General Government, it was upon
a full and fair understanding, that the cities therein
would have some one to take care of them in Con-
gress If Aiexandna could to-morrow go back
to Virginia, how soon would she start fiom her
present condition ' Before she was ceded to this
Government, she had golden prospects before her;
but wiiat has been the result' Those prospeets
ruined, blighted, he had almost said, blasted.
But, said the gen'ieman fiom Kentucky, when we
go back to our constituent", and tell them we have
voted away so much of their money, what will
they say' This cimehome We could say what
we pleased in favor of an approp íation m which
our constituents were interested, but these Aiex-
andna people have no one m Virginia to take care
of them If they look to the great State of Vn-
ginn, engaged in cairying out rational improve-
ments, and make their appeal tnere, they are told
they Up not belong to the State; if they come here,
they are umepiesented Where then weie they
to look' They could not, as the people cf Penn-
sylvania or New York might, look to their State
Legislature, for they had none; and when she
came to that House, their only resource, they
weie to be sneeied, as it were, from the door
Mr S was not afraid of telling his constituents,
when he went home, if they should ask him, how
he had voted upon this question, and that he re-
garded the people of these ten miles square as
though they had a right to call upon us to legislate
especially for them The people of Alexandria
had no other legislature than that House, and if
that House refused to listen to their appeal, they
had no other¡esource leftthem.  Had we not been
told, no longer ago than yesterday, that we had
so far forgotten these people, that they were still
governed by their old musty laws derived fiom
Vnginia, though that State had now modelled her
own code'
But let him ask, was it fair to talk about what
had been done for the District of Columbia on
the occasion of an application by the people of
Alexandria' It was true that thiee bridges had
been constructed, but were they for them alone'
No. They were for the accommodation of the
whole Union, to facilitate the transportation of the
mail, and were as beneficial to the people gener-
ally as to the inhabitants of this District. Mr. S.
said, the able and eloqueuadvocacy of this meas-
ure by the delegation of the Old Dominion, re-
flected honor upon the State, and showed they
appreciated the condition of ihe city of Alexan-
dria. Supposing such an obstruction in the navi-
gation of a aver as that which had blocked up the
channel of the Potomac, had occurred in one of
the States, would ihe people have been without
redress' They would not. But we were told that
there was no occasion for this woik, and by whom
are we told so' By the people of Alexandi la > No
By the people of Washington or Georgetown, who
might be supposed interested in keeping it down'
No. Had any one coversant with the subject told
us so*' No. On the contrary, all concurred m its
expediency. Surely, no one would pretend that
the citizens of Alexandi masked for this appropri-
ation meiely that the money might be squandered
among them; for they have almost embarked all
their means in its success, in the expectation that
the work would be brought to their town Would
any one think them fools enough to have em-
barked their money on the scheme, un'ess they
had been led to expect they should reap some
benefit from n' They have done all in their power,
and they now come to us, as the people of Vir
gima would go to their Legislature, or those of his
own State to Hamsburg, and ask for aid id com-
pleting the work. It was their only place oi ap
peal. Mr. S. said he trusted, looking upon that
House as the peculiar guardian and representative
body of this District, that they would throw aside
their prejudices; and as the Constitution had placed
it under their peculiar care, they would legard it
as they would their individual States, and act
upon this measuie calmly and dispasüio lately.
He hoped the motion to reconsider would pre-
vail.
Mr. CHINN replied at consideiable length to
Mr. Hardin, and asked if it was fan, in a ques-
I tion of that kind, to an ay the honest prejudices of
the House against the bill, and to qaote the ex>
I penditures upon the Chesapeake and Ohio canal,
| this budge or that bridge, this work or that work,
in which the peopleof Alexandria felt no moie ln-
1 teiest, nor had any more voice than the gentleman
| himself.    The gentleman also, m the course of his
remaiks, seemed to advócate what he considered
I the proper dignity and honor of the State of Vir-
ginia, and said that asking for this appropriation
was offering an msu't to her     Mr  C  hoped he
would be the last to do anything tendirg to affect
either her honor, her dignity, or her character.
Mr. C. then entered into a general defence of the
merits of the proposition, and refened to sundry
estimates and surveys, and the opinions of emi-
nent engmeeis, upon the expediency of the Alex-
andria canal, together  with those of the stock-
holders of the Chesapeake and Ohio cinal, and the
Corpoiations of Washington and  Georgetown.
Mr. C  also read a table of the expenses alieady
incurred, the woiks completed, and the probabli
cost of those in progress, showing that the whole
could be completed for the amount now asked
Mr. CROCKETT said he thought it time that
this debate should be arrested. 1 he House waa
within four weeks of the termination of the ses-
sion, and many important bills were pressing for
consideration, which had been postponed, from
time to time, to hear gentlemen make speeches.
Look back to last session, and it would be seen
that seven months were almost entirely consumed
in long speeches. He should therefore move the
previous question.
The call was sustained—ayes 128, noes not
counted.
The mam question was then ordered to be put,
without a count, and
