204____________              THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______________February 5,
more defensible on the score of nationality than
the project contained m'this bill It was also true
that the great West, whose exports and imports
passed through this canal, could urge with greater
force the argument with which this bill was sought
to be supported. Our farmers in the westei n part
of New York did not no w find it an object in con-
sequence of the canal tolls to send their coarse
grains, their rye and corn, to the New York mar-
ket. They could not compete as to these articles
with those who lived on nature's navigable waters.
Let them, if this bill passes, petition Congress to
purchase the great western canal and make it a
free highway There will then be a precedent for
the enormous appropriation that such a scheme
would require.
But the,re was another objection to the bill. It
proposed to take this canal from a company and
give it to the Government, which he believed was
always most illy calculated to manage a work of
this description economically. Pass the bill, and
you will create at once a host of agents and super-
intendents,and new leeches upon your Treasury
This Government was already too much connected
•with canals for its inteiest He wished it could
be wholly severed from them. For his own part
he would rather retrograde than go further. The
interests of our constituents required that we
should rather r.etrace our steps than progress fur-
ther in this draining and mischievous policy.
Mr. MERCER said he had heard to-day most
extraordinary doctrines advanced upon that floor.
One from a gentleman from New York, in relation
tc* the duty on coal, and now it was contended
that artificial navigation was prefei able to natural
He said it had been admitted and established by
the highest authority that the General Government
was bound to remove the obstructions in the Ohio
and other great navigable rivers. If it was com-
petentforthe Government to remove obstructions
by cutting out a rock or deepening a channel, it
was equally so to improve the navigation, by cut-
ting around a fall. Mi. M. dwelt at considerable
length on the great importance of the navigation
of this river to the prosperity of the country,
and no man, he said, could predict with any degree
of certainty, what would be its overwhelming
increase of importance in the process of a few
years. He deemed the removal of the obstructions
at the Indian Shute a matter of primary interest.
Anotherconsideration (Mr M said) would induce
him to give a favorable view of this bill. The
West, from its natural position, had not shaied
so liberally in the expendituies of the General
Government, in consequence of requn ing the erec-
tion of no fortifications on her loity eminences,
where no enemy would ever dare to approach
He was anxious, theiefore, that a pioportionate
expenditure should be made in her internal im-
provements, lie was in favorof the bill because
it was necessaiy, before the Government could
act effectually, to extinguish the tule of others to
this canal.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, said, while he
had held a seat on this floor he had never allowed
sectional feelings (o control his votes in the appro-
priation of the public treasme. He had never
either felt or shown favoritism for one part of the
country more than another But if gentlemen
would cast their eyes over the list of public
expenditures, they would see the amount for
Kentucky all but a perfect blank, if you except
the pension fund. Among the hundreds of mil-
lions expended by the Government, how much
(he asked) had been appropriated to Kentucky'
He repeated, that in all the votes he had ever
given on the expenditure of public money for
other parts of the country, he had voted with the
same feelings that he would have done had it been
for the benefit of the county in which lie resided
This was a bill for the benefit of nine different
States, though the expenditure happened to be m
the State of Kentucky, and he did not believe
there was a point moie interesting to the geneial
prosperity connected with the great waters of the
West. Mr. J said he wished no gentleman to
support a measure which he might, by any con-
struction, deem unconstitutional. Here, he con-
tended, was a legitimate object of appropnation,
where he supposed no such scruples could exist.
He again appealed to the liberality and justice of
the com'mittee, which could only be evinced in the
passage of the bill
Mr ALLEN, of Virginia, addressed the com-
mittee in favor of the bill. He was surprised at
the constitutional ob|ection advanced by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mi Vanberpoel ]
He would as.k if that gentleman had any const.tu-
tional scruples against the improvement of the
navigation of the Hudson river, by the removal of
the obstructions at the Overslaugh? This work
was precisely similar in its nature, and more
national in its object. Mr. A. went into a further
comparison of this work with other great works
of admitted national character That gentleman
had contended that the commerce on the Erie
canal was ten times greater than that on the
Ohio He believed the gentleman could have but a
very indistinct idea of the commerce of the West;
for he could with greater safety assert that the
reverse was the fact—that the commerce of theOhio
was ten times greatei than that of the New York
canal. But what was the prospect ahead' The
stock of this company was now at par. In the
course of a few years it would doubtless be three
or four hundred per cent above par He believed
it the duty, theiefore, of the Government, as a
matter of economy, to seize the earliest opportu-
nity of securing the stock.
Mi. BOULDIN said he had voted to take up
this bill from courtesy to the mover of it, and with
a view to the economy in the time of the House.
But he should vote against the passage of the bill
in all its stages He said it was not necessary for
him to say anything to show his conviction that
such works of internal improvement could not be
constitutionally mad  by the General Govern ment
He had no idea of voting for the purchase of any
such stock as that proposed by this bill to be
bought, and should vote against the purchase
upon any terms whatever.           •
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, said it was known
that the Government of the United S'ates was a
joint stockholder in the Louisville and Portland
canal, and that it was also interested in some
other impiovements in the country. He thought
it must be conceded, from common respect to
those who had gone before us, and who had
authorized these subscriptions, that they must
have been satisfied that the several works in which
the Government had become interested as a stock-
holder were calculated to promote the public
good, and unquestionably that the investment was
not to be thiown away. Now, he thought it
became us to reflect that if we adopt the punciple
involved m the bill under consideration, we could
not, in common justice, refuse to act up to it
when applications should be made from othei
companies The company of whose stock it was
proposed the Government should become the ex-
clusive proprietor, had not, as yet, so far as he
was informed, divided one cent of profit, nor had
paid their debt
Mr. POPE explained. The company had di-
vided six per cent, on the shares in the year 1833,
and the Government had received $14,010 on
account of its third share of the stock Moreover,
as he had before stated, a dividend of three and a I
half per cent had been paid for six months of last
year, and there would be a further one of more
than two per cent
Mr. MASON proceeded. He had no other
means of information than that afforded by the
report, and from which he certainly understood
that the debts could not be paid before 1837, and
therefore it was a fair inference, that if they had
not paid their debts, they could have shdred no
profits. This was also borne out by the fact, that
the stock was still beiow its par value in the mar-
ket; and when we took into consideration the im-
mense amount of uninvested capital in the country,
in consequence of the liquidation of our national
debt and other causes, and that most stocks were
now above par, he thought they could not conceal
from themselves the fact, that the stock of the
Louisville and Portland canal was not likely to
turn out a good investment, or it never would
have sunk below par. But setting this aside, he
again called ¿he attention of the committee to the
fact, that if the Government should become the
exclusive propuetor of this stock, we could not,
m common justice, refuse to become the exclusive '
proprietors of the stock of all those companies in
which we were interested, whenever the said com-
panies should think fit to mike an application to
that effect The same principle which justiñtd
the one, would apply with equal foice to all other
cases How could ihey refuse to take the whob
stock of the great canal leading from the Potomac
to the western waters' How refuse the Dismal
Swamp canal, which, in the opinion of eveiy one
conversant with the subject, was une of the most
important and valuable works in the country' He
had listened with great pleasuie and satisfaction
yes'erday to the able and lucid aigument of ti e
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Hardin,] on a
subject somewhat similar to the present That
gentleman expressed sentiments which Mr M
hoped yet to see become the ruling principle of
our councils; he meant, that the expenses of the
General Government should be confined within its
legitimate objects, viz providing for the aimy,
navy, civil list, &c , as defined by the Constitu-
tion. He should be rejoiced if he could hear trie
same gentleman give an exposition of his views
on the present subject
Mr M said he should, perhaps, be found m
a small minority in the Committee of the Whole
upon that question, but he would at once can-
didly confess that he had a constitutional objec-
tion to this measure, and it appeared to him to
possess much more force than gentlemen seemed
to attribute to it. It was not his intention to go
into any argument upon the powers of that House
to undertake works of internal improvements
His own opinions were made up, and had long
been made up on that question, and although every
day's experience in legislation confirmed him in
the opinion that the Government of the United
States could not, under the provisions of the Con-
stitution, engage in works of internal improvement
in the United States; and although he considered
this bill as a violation of that principle, he did not
purpose to discuss that question at the present
time
But in what aspect did the bill present itself
there' The Legislature of Kentucky had char-
tered a company to undertake and complete a cei-
tain work Individuals had subscribed and paid
stock, by which the work had been executed, and
which had become their pnvate propeity The
canal was their real estate Now it was proposed
by this bill that the Government of the United
States should become the pui chaser of this real
es'ate Where could be found the power to do
this' It was not in the Constitution of the United
States. The only provision in that instrument,
relating to this point, was that which authorized
Congress to purchase places for the election of
forts, magazines, arsenals, dock yards, &c , but
that puichase must, in all cases,be made "by the
consent of the Legislature of the State m which
the same shall be " This was plainly designated
and described, and he could find nothing to justify
the exercise of the power claimed in the bill Defore
the committee. He was fully aware he entertained
opinions with regard to the Constitution in which
he would not be sustained by a majority of the
committee, but this he could not avoid. His own
opinion was, that under that instrument, Congress
had no right to take this stock.
There was also another view in which thn sub-
ject should be considered, and it was this: the
question was not whether the trade that passed
down the river Ohio should cease to be incom-
moded by the obstruction at the falls—it was not
whether the Government should make that im-
provement, for the improvement was already
made, the question was whether the United States
should buy out the shares in the bank stock from
individual stockholder, at a price which must
necessarily exceed the present maiket value of
them He said exceed, because the moment this
bill passed, the puce of shares Would rise to the
maximum. It has been urged as a just ground of
complaint that the trade upon that river was
heavily and unnecessarily taxed by the imposition
of tolls He was astonished to hear such an argu-
ment made use of as a subject of complaint. The
trade on the Ohio river had been benefited already
to a greater extent than any other channel m the
United States. Repeated expenditures of public
money had been made, for which the people there
