1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
had never been taxed one cent. The trade which
fl m'rtl unit.¡.•if wiuerihod been promo'ed by large
ai d repeated expenditures of t.ie public money,
ioi winch lb* Government leceivtd no'hing in the
shape of lols, and h* believed he could safely
uvei that iheie "was not an internal navigation in
the whole Union, not a river, or a water course,
upon whose bosom the produce of the farmer was
carried to market subject to .so few charges as upon
the Oni j river Look at ihe rivers of Virginia, of
New York, and of other Slates, all the ímprove-
ments^iad been effected by individual enterprise,
and the farmer cheeifully pa.d his quota of taxa-
tion Look at the young Stuie of Indiana, willing
even to exhaust her resources in constructing the
gieat canal to Like Crie. Besides, the United
tí ates had already subscribed one third of the
wnole stock to this canal, and the petitioners for
the proposition before the committee had no just
cau**e oí compl lint
Tnere w« alio another point he thought worthy
of coit-ideration There was no provision in the
bill or the amendment making the navigation free,
but it proposed to commue a tariff of toils Nov/,
lie would put it to the committee, who was to regu-
late that taufT *■ At whose disci etion was it to be'
Supposing ihe to! 9 wee msuffi-ient to keep the
canal in reputi, who was to f,x their rate* if too
low, who shouid riHP ihein, if too high, who was
t> depress them' This was pei hips compaia-
tu ely ¡,n u.nr ipe-r antque*- ion, but still it Involved
0  le of n> lite'e eiiil argument, and one which,
\Mih   hill,   if no   otnei   consideran m   presented
1  ^e'f, woul I 11 du e h m to vote against il If
com den i- in oc a publi* character justified the
¡1 ir hise of th° s'ock of U111 canal, make it a free
highway, do it e "ectuahy a' once, employ a
si.p*r iHí-tiile-it, pay I 1111 a certain fixed salary,
at d pay 1 'I tie netdtul expenses of keeping the
wu'k 1 1 r*p i r.
Cn'ertnm n_r, (Vüd Mr M ,) in conclusion, the
opun ins u  di 1, tnut they had in right to become
fie pro jne ors of u is canal, and consequently no
r.glu to make ihe purchase, believing also that if
tiiey did iro gu d w> uíd íesul-, but, oti the con-
trai y, me \ei y mum< nt thai índ vid ml& ceased to
be 1 teiested 1 1 it as lhe>r own private property,
the very m-I'le-H all secur ty for that vigorous
a- d coi itd it alien .on *vl.ieh works of tins nature
requ red vvou'd le iosl, furthermore, considering
tha the piujcctors weie entitle I to all the benefi's
of the e-vei nue, rnd in fine that the burdens
depi leu were n >t sui h a- ihe petitioners had a
ngh' l> c iii| 1111 of, he c uid not vote for this
bill in 1 iy pissib'c form 11 which it might be
p esenie 1
Mr UCN1\Y d,J not i-ite id to enter into an
argu iient 01 tie me¡its ~>r t*i >i!, buf so ne
r*-maiKs wnir'i I d,js f '-1 r. 1 1 >e gentleman
iiom Vng ma [Mi \1 *. 1 j n ' I 11 ca'i foi a
leply     1 hat e.em'eii u i e               '  I* *>* li e Gov-
ernment ha I no c )  s ¡ra 1             <       u   n irehase
th'S ScO k      I   v e 1 .d i) c         ,        1   ors 11  part,
why cou'd we 11 11' so i>. a . ' it uie const! u-
tionai nsht, as it bad been so of'en exp-ess'Hl
here by the other Iminch of the National L*gis-
latuie and by the Exeru' ve, existed to necin>e
tne owner of a part of the shares of ti s 'toolf
what should obstruct the light to posse-s the
whole; This principle he conceived to be defini-
tively settled, and it was merely a question of
expediency, of policy. Tho^e who opposed the
constitutional power of the Government to make
appropriations fji interna! impiovements had ever
admired the lmnrove vient of the nav igation of the
gieat meis tube eveption to their geneial
ru'e This work, he cintended, was truly and
emphatic illy n\ti mal, involving the \uai interest
of not oniy nine Fta es, as had been suzgested, but
of eleven Mi 1) > lluded to the vase amoun' of
freight pai 1 by the West for the productions of the
Sou'hand Cut, ami showed by afabular statement
ihe to'ii of some single boats to be upwards of one
1. li dreJ doll rs He concluded by niging the
impoittrce of the work to ihe western country,
and expiessmg a hope foi the passage of the bill.
Mr II YWTS did not wish lo obstina mine
re nnly 1I11 pin ige of the bill, but 111 | istice
l- hiuneli, he wo lid chum the ntltntion of ihe
House for a few moments, for the purpose of ex-
plain!.ij tne voce lit should g.ve on this subject
]     The Legislatuie of his State had, by perhaps
( a unanimous vote, requested him to vote for this
measure. He considered 1' improper for a member
of Congress thus circumstanced, to vote against
the wishes of his Legislature, upon light or Trivial
grounds. When the measure was intended to
benefit his own State, he should not oppose it,
except upon high considerations. It would proo-
ably appear strange, under tnese circumstances,
that he should oppose this bill. He should never-
theless do so upon grounds which he had always
assumed and maintained, namely, that it w% im-
proper for the General Government to appropriate
1 money for improvements within the States. Be-
sides, the Government was incapable of carrying
on and superintending this canal so as to produce
any practical good or benefit. Paes this bill and
pay the private stockholders their money, and
(said Mr H ) the canal will be immediately de-
stroyed, and the navigation again impeded In
two years from ihe passage of such an act as the
one proposed, the difficulties in passing the Fulls
of the Ohio would be equally as great as they were
before the canal was made Such was the history
of ail the works made by the National Govern-
ment. He would do no act calculated to destroy
or disturb 1 mpropeilythi3 important impiovement.
He could not, consc.eniioubly, vote foi tins bill
for the leasons wnich he had assigned
Mr PEARCE advocated the billatconsiderable
length lie combated the idea that it would form
a precedent which would lead to the necessity
of puichasing the Dismal Sjwamp canal or any
other. And as to the Ne* York canals, gentle
men might be under no apprehensions of their
be.ng offered to the Government, while they con-
tinued to yield their present piofits in alluding to
the importance of improving the nav ga ion of the
Ohio, Mr P referred to the crcums arce of some
of his fellow-townsmen in 1804, havng sent hands
to Manetta toconsiiuct aship, which would have
proved a pi ofitkblespeculation, had it not met with
an accident winch icndeied it useless in pnpsirg
the Fails of the O 110     Mi   P , after cons.aermg
•*some other objections, concluded by saying ne
could see no impropriety 111 trie passage of the bill,
and he should have no objection to giving his vote
in its favor.
Mr McCOMASsaid, a large portion of his con-
stituents were interested in tms canal About two
mdltons bushels of salt annually mamifactured at
the Kei haiva sal ne passed the Falls of the Ohio,
either by way of the canal 01 otnervvise Great
embarrassments had been experienced, owing to
the obstruc ions in the river ut this pi ce The
deleienous effects produced by them were felt not
orly in regaid to the arnc'e to which he had re-
ferred, but in rel&t-on to every artic'e of produce
raised above the Fills, and which was intended
for the mi-ket belo.vthat point Any gentle ¡mn
vv-io wou'J turn his attention to the Ohio river,
wou'u at once see the peculiarly national character
ot the improvement at the fail  of the nvei . He
was 11 favor of a strict construct-on of the Con-
s nation on subjects of this character, but this was
a case which he considered presented no constitu-
tional diffi   'lty
His vvorlhy friend and colleague [Mr Mv.se .]
seemed alarmed lest we should be asked in some
future occt-si)- ti onrchase the stock on various
other woiks—the Dismil Swamp canal foi in-
sta- ce. There was cei.ainly no analogy between
tnose works The Dismal Swamp canal was
twenty-nine miles 111 length, and connects itself
with the Roa-ioke nver—a stream ful! of cataracts
and obs'rucnons If the w irks on the Ohio river
were to be put down by compansois of this sort,
we might with equal propriety pu.. down and de-
stroy your light houses, etc
Mr McC referred to die great extent cf trade
earned on through An c-mal It was intimately
connected with the best interests of the country
Even the Athnticsea boird was deeply concerne*!
m this impiovement Who were the individuals
who passed down the Ohio nvei' For the meftt
pirt, the poorer classes who emigrate to the west
for the purpose of seeking homes, for themselves
and then families In every aspect in which the
subject could be viewed, the propriety of the pas
sage of this bill was rendered obvious. He could
see no difleience in puichasing the canal, from
the individuals who had made it, and an original
proposition to clear out the obstructions to the
navigation Besides, the Government was already
a stockholder in the canal. This Housepossessed
the power of judging fur itself of the nationality
of th.s improvement. The objections which
might be interposed by the President were ob-
viated by the fact, that a port of entry was estab-
lished above the Falls of the Ohio, at Pittsburg.
This would form no objection with him.
Mr McC. thought the passage of the bill justly
due to the people inhabiting the western country.
Very little of the pap of the Treasury had been
distributed west of the Alleghanies for public
improvements. In times of danger and peril, no
pot lion of the people of this Union acted with
more determined bravery—all they asked was a
participation in the benefits which were extended
to other sections of the country—that these benefits
should not be confined exclusively to those dis-
tricts where salt water flowed. Upon a full view
of the subject, he could see no objection to the
passage of the bill, and he hoped that it would
receive the favorable consideration of the House.
Mr FILLMORE rose to put a question relat-
ing to some legal points connected with the char-
ter and officers of the company
Mr. POPE moved as an amendment to add
at the end of the bill, " and pay the necessary
charges and expenses of superintendence "
The question being taken, it was decided in tlie
negative
The bill was then laid aside.
COMMISSION ER OP'PENSrONS.
On motion of Mr WARDWELL,
The committee then proceeded to consider the
bill from  ihe Senate fi,r continuing the office of
Comm-ssioner of Pensions; which was read and
laid aside
f\c sim'Le of Washington's accounts.
Mr. EVERETT moved that the committee
proceed to consider the bill providing for the pur-
chase of two hundred copies of the fac simile ac-
counts of General Washington; which was agreed
to
The bill was then read and laid aside.
OnmotioHofMi  FILLMORE,
The committee then rose and reported the three
bills to -he House, without amendment.
Tne SPEAKER having resumed the chair,
Mr. BARR1NGER moved to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill relative to the Louisville
and Portland canal, which motion he advocated
at some length
The bill was then, on motion of Mr LYTLE,
postponed till Monday next—ayes 107, noes not
counted.
The bill for continuing the office of Commis-
sioner of Pensions was next taken up, and an
additional section was offered by Mr. McfilM, as
an amendment; which was adopted.
This bill, and that to purchase two hundred
copie  of the fac simile of General Washington's
accounts were then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time to-morrow
Several unsuccessful motions were made to go
into committee on various bills, when,
On motion of Mr   BRIGGS,
The House adjourned                        *
IN SENATE
Frid\t, T'tbjttary 6, 1835
Mr   SHEPLEY presented   the credentials of
the Hon   JOHN RUGGLES, elected a Senator
fiom  the State of Maine, to supply the vacancy
occasioned by the resignation of the Hon  Peleg
SriiAOCE
Mr RUGGLES having presented himself, the
oath was administered, and he took his seat in the
Senate.
COMMUNICATION FROM THE NAVY DEPART-
MENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Navy Department,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
relative to the claims of the owners of the private
armed brig Neptune and Fox.
