1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22£
merit for smuggling as Sandusky Un'ess there
was o man there who was competent to Ins duties,
the levenue would Guflrr And $400 was not
such a compensation us the Government ought to
offet such a person
¡yjr WRIGHT conceded the general proposi-
tion of the ¿en le-nan from Ptn. ¡¡yivama, that it
was the interist of the Government, fully to com-
pei.date its-officers. This w is the wish and design
of the committee m frnmi'ig the bill; but they
might have lulled m n, utid if they had, I e was
willii!"! and, indeed, desired that the Senate and
the House should orrect it, in acung on the bill
But vuth resaid to thecorapen ation of collectors,
he believed, as a generU principle, it was based
upon tl e amount of icvcnuc v,'n¡i) was received
at a par ituii>r port [Mr. W. I eie referred to
the Secretary'  leport, to 'show tht t in 1833, the
leverue received at Sindusky v,as gl02 ] The
amount paid (or doing this business was. §400
He was acq Minted vvi h til'., district, but he be-
lieved that tne facility foi smuggling there was
very m-ch diminished, o win  to the situation bung
upon the lake, wth pernapa an expanse of fifty
miles of water to be crossed, befuie smuggled
goods could be introducej 1 f this salary uhould
be raised, he thought all the other salaries of the
same grade ought also to be raised
Some fuilhei remurks were made by Messrs
B1BD, WRIGHT, and SILSBEE, when Mr
EWING interposed a motion to adjourn, which
prevailed, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tiesd^y, Ftbrumy 10, l~-35
Mr CARI, fiom tne Committee n Private
Land Ciainio, reported tic following bi'ls, whicii
were rend twice and committed.
A bul concert mg land clfinants,
A bill for the relief of Suvi- C Vide, widow
of Heertwcll Vick, deceased, and the heirs of the
decedant,
A bill for the relief of John S   Congor.
Mr. PARKER, from the Comr->ittee on Ntval
Ailiirs, reported a bill foi the relief of James
Wiltuank, which was read tv.iceaid committed
Mr POLK, from the Committee of WayD and
Meant., íeporteJ a bill to legulate ¡he disbursement
of the public money, and to prohibit allowances
not made by law, which was read twice and com-
mitted
Mr ASHLEY, irom the Committee on the
Public Lt'nds, reported a bill fo* the rebef of £Ieni y
Dücherq iette, Willism Hibeit, J B D "üois, and
Charles Sanguneite, which was read twice and
committed
Mr E EVERETT, from the Commi'tee on
Foreign Affairs, teponed a bill for tie relief of
Comniotioie John Downs, which was read twice
and committed
Unravo-tide i eriortsupon various pe'it'ons. <£." ,
were mnde hv \Ussrs GALBR4JTH PAR
KER W K PULLER, POSTER, TULTON,
1A"V, and THOMSON, from their respecave
slandin  committees.
On motion of Mr GILMER, leave was given
to the Committee on Indian Afairs, to prosecute
tl eir duties during the session of the House.
Petitions vvtre presented, on leave, by
M.s«r> OÜNHP, WHITE, PiNCKNEY,
PHILLIPS, mi J KYVANAUH, which were
appropriately refened.
[Mr IX\i \r asknl leave of the House to pre-
sent a petition he had this morning received from
Bunliy citizens of Fayette county, Tennessee, foi
the establishment of a post route from B'ufl
Cieek po ' oflici to Sandy Sju^i g, inssid county
Line htmg t'l silted, stud p«utu n was refetreJ
to lie Coinim.ee on the Post Ofnce and Post
Rohh 1
The follow'tig lesolui'ons, heretofore ofTeied,
wert. c >ns dtred and a"ieed to.
Uy Mi   II VNNEGVN:
lt"d'rd. That the Secretary of War le re-
q icted ti c )mi'iirm"te to this House, if in po"-
se^'si m of tne War O psrtmen' a copy of "he
survey, phn, and est,ma'? fm the ronsiriuti i'i
of a haibor at the mouth ol Tiail Creek, on Lake
Michigan, in the State of Indiana, or any informa-
tion he may possess in relation thereto.
By Mr. BEATTY:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to report to this House tne survey and
report of the ergine<Ts sent during the last year
► to survey the Cumberland river, from the falls on
said river down, to meet the survey heretofore
made thereon.
On motion of Mr HARD,
Ilesolved, That the Committee on invalid Pen- i
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency j
of allowing to Ezekiah Jewi , an invalid   pen-
sioner, arrearages of pension  from June, 1815,
when his disability occurred, to the present time. '
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
The followng resilutio-i, offered yesterday by
Mr.  McKi\ley, as amended  by Mr   Scther
lv\d, then  came  up as the unfinished morning
business:
" Resolied, That the House will, on Thursday
' next, proceed to the election of printer to the
' House of Representatives of the next Congress,
' by tun voce "
Mr  EVANS moved the following-amendment: I
Strike out uta toce, and insert, " under the au-
tnoui-. ofthejon t íesoiution,approved March 3,
1819 "                                                                           1
The amendment having been read,                       i
Mr. EVANS said it seemed obvious to him
that if the resolution proposed by the gen'leman
from Alabama ought to pass at a'l,it shouid pess i
in the shape Mr ii proposed. It not, he would
inquire ot the honorauie rrover by and under
what authority the House could undertake to go
into the election of printer at all for the next Co>i-
giess- There was none except that derived uom
the resolution of 1819, as amended by the joint
resolution of the 5 h Pcoruary, lb28 Now the
ve'y mt. oduct'en of the res >lution, by the honor-
ab'e member from Alabama, ictogn zed the foice
of those resolutions it was by virtüeof those
two )omt lesoluttons alone that one Congress had
the right to appoint a prmter lor the succeeding
one, ard the phiaseolngy proposed by Mr E
was the only phraseology tha' could consistently
be used He begged leave also to remind the
House that such was the nhraseology adopted ever
since the foimer joint lebolu'ion was adopted
The motion had always been madeand agieed to, ¡
tl at on such a day the House would pioceeu to
the election of a printer, under the authority of j
the jjint resolution of the 3d of March, 1819, and
to entitle the House todo so,on tne presen' occa j
sion, the same phraseology must he made use of
Gen'lemen had said on a former occasion, when
this subject came up mcidents'ly for considera-
tion, that the resolution of 1813 was tempciary
in i s natuie, and limited to two years. As en
answei to that, he could only say, tiiat it was '
never considered so, neither by the then nor by
the sucteednig Congresses, each of whom regarded
it as bn Jirg upon tnemselves and upon tl e suc-
ceeding Cong ess Even so lately as 15^9 the
Journals of the House show this, wherein it was
Stated that the House proceeded to the election of i
printer n obedience to the J'unt íesolufion of
1819, and this was the phiaseology foi several
years, after the adoption of that íesoluuon. 1 hen ,
if that íesoiution be m force, and had not been
repealed, «e derived tl e only aut'ionty we had to
choose a piintei for the next sess.on f.om these
two resolutions                                                            |
Then, as to ihe mode of£lecion,-v,hat was the
lang >tge of the resolution' That the appoint-
ment oí piintei shou'd '-e made by ballot, Now
the gentleman's íesoiution proposed to dispense
withtnatprovis.oiijbutMi E tlnughtoneportion j
of the resolution was as obligatory as another, and !
that as the authority urle"! which the appoint-
ment was made was deuvetl from the resolution
alone, the mode must be n the manner therein
laid down, and uiuU not be set aside It had
been alleged that the resolu'ion of 1819 was vir-
tually repelled or íescn.ded by that of 1823, but
how. could that be' The latter repealed only so
much of the foi meras v as inconsistent tilth it, and
vnnt was that' Win .ltlm tted ihetime to wi'h-
tn thnty (taj of the teim nalnn of the session,
and rtquued a majority instead of a plurality of
votes. These were the on! y alterations, and m all
other particulars the resolution of 1819 stood un-
repealed. The nature of the contract, the prices
to be paid, and the mode of appointment, were
unaffected
The next question that came up for considera-
tion was, whethei the printer was anofficer of the
House or not. Mr. E vreuld not go into this at
any length, but it was enough for the justification
of his own vote to say, that he did not consider
the printer an officer, within the meaning of that
clause in the Constitution giving each House the
right to appoint us officers, no more than the per-
son who supplied the House with stationery, or
fuel, or furniture. In Mr. E 's judgment, it stood
upon the same prmcip'e. Still, he thought with
the gentleman fiom Virginia [Mr Robertson]
that there was much propriety in leaving to each
House to select its own printer, if it was practica-
ba But this could not be done But we had the
lessan of experience to show its impracticability,
in the report made to the Houseor. the3dMaicb,
1&19, the inconvenience of that mode was closely
and ably examined, and it was shown, by the ex-
perience of former years, that the woik was badly
executed, and often delayed so long beyond the
proper time, as to be useless when completed.
Mr E redd an extract from the report in ques-
tion, and showed that it would be impossible to
oe furnished with the requisite material, type?,
presses, &c , unless he was enabled to provide for
them befoiehand, by having been elected the
printer to 'he ensuing Congress He also adduced
one f ict to show the inconvenience of the mode
proposed by Mr. Rodeptson, that a document,
providing for the organization ot the War Depart-
ment, had been delayed upwards of a year in the
printing office, till the army itself became almost
in a state of disorganization He would have had
no objection that the subject should have been
committed to a select*commutee, as pioposed
some time since by a gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr Pevton,] and if any better mode than the
present or the former one could be devised, Mr.
E would cheerfully support it But let it be
examined by competent persons, conversant with
priming and public business He thought they
would be incurring great hazard by repealing the
joint resolution, oi altering the present mode m
any way, at this late hour At present, he be-
lieved the existing mode the best, at all events, be
was not assured that a better could be devised.
There were no complaints made.- The prices
were sufficiently low, and the work waspromptly
executed. At the second session oftheNineteenth
Congress, a printer, who had formerly had the
contract, sent a memorial to the House, offering to
do the work for fifteen per cent, under theexisting
tanft" of prices, but Congress was satisfied, and
refused to disturb the resolution fixing them.
These, then, were the reasons why he thought the
resolution should be amended as he had proposed.
In relation to the question of viva voce voting,
Mr E was decidedly opposed to it in this case,
because he thought they had no right to adopt it,
and because he was opposed to it in every elec-
tion for officers of that House, and on most other
occasions He knew it was a contested question,
and he had intended to have submitted some re-
marks on the subject when-the resolution of the
gentlemanfromlllmoisfMr. RETN0LDs]wasunder
consideis'ion He should now make but a few
lemarks on the subject. It had been advocated
there on the ground of the responsibility of mem-
bers to their constituents, who, it was contended,
ought to know the opinions and sentiments of
their representatives, but he would ask, how was
a man's op.mons and sentiments to be known
by his vote for officers of that House' Had not
the people opportunities enough, and better op-
portunities, of knowing the sentiments of their
representatives' in his judgment, they were to
be best judged by the public policy they advo-
cited and pmsued.and not by such votes as those.
Of what possible consequence could it be to the
peop'e of this country to know how their repre-
sentatives voted fir A, B, or C, as an officer of
the House' Resides, Mr C was opposed to it as
breaking down the independence of private judg-
ment, and the right of opinion in individual mem-
bers of the House, and making them, ot ¡endmg
to make them, subservient elsewheie     He was
