1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
this advice for the regulation of his own conduct. , the road should pass through the public lands he
The safest course, in hia opinion, lay between the i «...  «™.ii:-----v.-   ...   .  .?   .     .K"."1, ittnas> ne
extremes.
He did not intend to argue the question; but he !
would say to the gentleman from Kentucky, that i
he (Mr. B.) could see a vast difference between
the simple power of appropriating money for the
constructions of roads, and that of exerciswgjuris-
diction over them after they had been completed.
An incidental power cannot transcend its princi-
pal; the stream cannot rise higher than its fountain;
and it does not by any means follow that the
mere power of appropriation for internal improve-
ments, involves that of entering the territories of
the States, erecting toll-gates upon the roads, and j
levying tolls from passengers.   The existence of |
the one power cannot be inferred from that of the ¡'
other.   To give money is one thing; but to exer- j
cise jurisdiction  is another, and a very different I
affair.    There is no necessary connection between I
[he two.                                                                         j
in relation to the remark of the gentleman, that j
whole communities had changed their opinions I
upon an important subject within the last few j
years, he liad only to say, that if they had done ¡
so, sufficient reasons might be adduced to justify i
this change. He was not among the number him- j
self who had thus changed; but if he had been, he I
could readily conceive why any gentleman might ;
have been of" one opinion at the period alluded to ;
by the gentleman, and of a very different opinion I
after the disclosures which had since been made,   i
Mr. B. said he entertained now, as he ever had ;
done, feelings of the greatest respect for the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, and none of his (Mr. B.'s)
remarks were made in any unload spirit.
Some further remarks were made by Messrs.
CLAY,   WRIGHT,  and  KING of Alabama,
was unwilling tha. the bill should be engrossed
until time was given to examine into the subject.
Mr   McKIM was surprised at the objection
raised by the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Pakker.]   He was not himself personally inter-
ested in this work; he did not own a share of its
stock, or did he desire any, because he did not
believe that it would be profitable.   The public
were, however, deeply interested in the comple-
tion of this work.   He was authorized by the
president of the railroad company to say, that if
no difficulty was thrown in the way by Congress,
the road would be completed to this city by the
4.h of July next,    if this bill was not passed, the
road must stop at the line of this District.    This
would subject the public to considerable additional
expense in travelling and transportation between
this city and the point at which the railroad would
terminate.   The directors of the railroad com-
pany had visited this place, and had come to a
; perfect understanding with the mayor and city
| authorities on the subject.   It had been arranged
I that the road should pass along the valley of the
j Tiber.   The land over which it would pass was
i worth but little, and the company were pledged
j to pay any damages which might be assessed by
j a jury, in consequence of the proposed location of
the railroad.   Tnere was no inok intended.    He
I repeated that great advantages would result to the
j public by the completion of this improvement,
i It woujd enable travellers to passbetweenthecities
I of Baltimore and Washington in two hours; and
| as no injury would result to any one, he trusted
! that all objection wouid be withdrawn, and the bill
' be permitted to progress.
i     Mr. PARKER could notsee why thegentleman
; from Maryland should be surprised that he (Mr.
when Mr. K. submitted an* amendment, which, if :  P.) was not. piepaied to vote on a bill which he
adopted, he said, would remove his objection to
the third section.    If not, he should feel it hw '
duty to vote for striking out.                                    j
The amendment was, " that before any portion j
of the appropriation shall be expended upon the :
road, the same shall be surrendered to the States '
through which it passes."                                         I
Mr. HENDRICKS having made no objection '
to the amendment, it was agreed to.                         ;
The question being on Mr. Preston's mo- '
tion to strike out, it was determined m the nega- ¡
tive—yeas 14, nays 3'2, as follows:                          j
YEAS—Messrs. Black,Crown,Calhoun, Cuth- i
bert, Hill, King of Georgia, Leigh, Mangum, J
Moore, Preston, fluggles,£hepley, Tyler, White !
—14.                                                                              ]
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb, Buchanan, :
Clay, Ewing, Fielmghuysen, Goldsborough,
Grundy, ilendncks, Kane, Kent, King of Ala- :
bama, Kni^h', Linn, McKean, Morris, Naudain, '
Poi .dexter, Porter, Piemiss, Robbins, Robinson, ¡
Siisbee, Smith, Soutnard, Swift, Tallmadge, Tip- '
ton, Tomlineon, Wugguman, Webster, Wright
-32.
Mr. HILL then moved to reduce the appro-
priation to the road in Ohio from §200,000 to
$100,000; which was disagreed to.
Tne bill was then reported to the Senate, the
amendments concurred in, and the bill wasoitlered
to be engrossed for a thirj reading.
On motion of Mr. KANE, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration ot executive business; and
when the doors were opened,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.          :'•
\V£ds;;siiiy, J-Yonnira 11, ]?33.
Mr. MA RIMS, on Lave, presented a petition;
winch was referred.
Mr. CHIN?;, from the Committee on the Dis-
tri'-t of Columbia, repotted a bill in relation to the
extension of the lateral branch of the Baltimore
and Onio railroad ih-ougli Ihe Distnctto the City
of Washington; which was lead twice.
Mr. CU'lNN moved that the bill be ordered to
be engrossed.
Mr. PARKER said that this appeared to be a
bill in i elation to a contract, and if an errorshouid
be committed, it might be difficult to correct it
after the passage of the b.ll. However important
the meagre miiiu be, sull, as it was intended that
did not undeistand. He did not believe that any
trick was intended by the bill. He thought it
improper that a bill of such importance should be
hurried through the House, with so little con-
sideration. If it was supposed that the measure
must fail if the bill was not ordered to be engrossed
to-day, he would ask what would become of the
various important bills which were not yet acted
on? The same argument would equally apply to
other measures, lie saw no reason for such
haste upon this particular bill. He thought it
had better be postponed for a few days, in order
to afford time to look into its provisions.
Mr. CH1NN remarked that the public interest
¡j was not involved, or compromtied, by the provis-
i1 ions of the bill.
;i Mr. PARKER moved to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until Monday next, and
; that it be printed; which was agreed to.
'!              REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
; Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the
Pubiic Lands, reported, without amendment, the
bill from the Senate, extending the time for enter-
in  back lands in the State of Louisiana.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, the bill was read
a third time and passed.
Mr. LEA, of Tennessee, from the Committee
1 on Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill to pro-
• vide for paying certain pensionéis at Jackson, in
1 the State of Tennessee; winch was read twice and
ordered to be engiosseü.                                            I
Unfavorable reports were made by Mr. GREN- |
NELL, from the Committee un Indian Affairs, j
and Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the ¡
Judiciary.                                                                   |
!     Mr. GAMBLE moved to take up and consider j
a resolution heretofore offered by him, calling on ¡
the Secretary of the Treasury lor a plan for the j
' keeping and disbursement of the public moneys,
without the agency of a bank or banks.                   I
The motion being objected to Mr. GAMBLE j
moved to suspend the rule of the House, in order '
that he might attain bis oPject; winch was nega-
tived.                             •
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill further to define and pun-
' ish the forging and counterfeiting of consular and ;
other certificates; which was reaü twice, and atter I
a few remarks by Messrs. FOSTER and FILL- j
MORE,                                                                       I
Mr. McKtNLEYaaid, as the bill seemed likely ¡
to lead to a discussion, which would interfere with
the usual morning business, he would move to
postpone its further consideration to Monday
next; which was agreed to—yeas 82, nays 46.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported,the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the judiciary
be discharged from the further consideration of
that part of the President's message which re-
lates to the extension, of the judiciary system of
the united States, and of the bill from the House
of Representatives,.to amend the judiciary system
of the United States, it being manifest that the time
to elapse before the constitutional termination of
the present Congress is insufficient to mature and
pass any law on the subject, to which the message
and bill refer.
Mr. POSTER said that the resolution had been
reported at the instance of a majority of the com-
mittee. Entertaining different views himself, he
would move-to amend the resolution by substitu-
ting the following:
Strike out all after the word " Resolved," and
insert, " That the Committee on the Judiciary, to
' whom was referred that part of the President's
' message which relates to an extension of the ju-
' dicial system of the United States, be instructed
' to report a bill, by which the benefits of said sys-
' may be equally extended to all the States of the
'Union."
Mr. POSTER remarked that the reason assigned
in the resolution of the majority, that there was
not sufficient time to mature a bill on the subject
referred to, he considered insufficient. A bill had
been prepared by the committee, which he believed
could be matured and acted on by the House
duringthepresentsession. It was not calculated to
elicit debate. The time had arrived when every one
must see, if we are to have a judicial system at
all, it should be general. If there was a necessity
for circuit courts in the Atlantic States, they were
equally necessary in the new States. This was
the only question tobe decided. He considered
it improper, after the committee had proposed a
bill, they should ask to be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject, merely be-
cause they were apprehensive that the House
would not have time to act upon it.  *
Mr. HARDÍN had the honor to belong to the
Committee on the Judiciary. At the last session
a bill was reported for the extension of the judi-
ciary system, which proposed to increase the num-
ber of the Justices of the Supreme Court from
seven to nine. Another bill had been reported
by the committee at the present session, which
did not increase the number of the judges, but
divided the several States into circuits,,to which
the present judges were assigned, and they were
required to hold but one term in tach year. For
his own part, he was not entirely satisfied with
either measure. The bills were recommitted to
the Committee on the Judiciary. Owing to some
embarrassments on the subject, the committee had
come to the determination to report the resolution
now under consideration. There was not sufficient
time to discuss and mature this measure at this
late period of the session. Only seventeen par-
liamentary days remained for the transaction of
business, and there were four or five hundred bills
on the docket unacted on, and some of them of
an important character. He considered it impos-
sible that the subject of the judiciary system could
betaken up and examined in all its bearings during
the present session. It was the practice for com-
mittees, near the close of a session, to ask to be
discharged fiom the consideration of subjects,
when, in their opinion, there was not sufficient
time to act on them. He concluded by moving to
ay the resolution and amendments on the table.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, hoped the gen-
tleman would withdraw the motion. He would
move the previous question, if this should be done,
in order that a direct vote might be had on the
resolution. A vote to lay on the table would be
an equivocal one.
Mr. HARDIN" said he would withdraw his
motion, provided any gentleman desired to make a
speech, but not otherwise.
Mr. FOSTER inquired of the Chair whether
if the resolution to discharge the committee from
