1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
gave a review of Fiance, Spain, and Portugal, to '
show that ihe spiwt of reform was marching ;
rapidly onward, and that the lime was approach- [
jrl" when the councils of those countries would
be Governed by«principles other than they were at ,
present.                                                                           |
Mr. CLAYTON said he had two objects in i
wishing to address the House on this sulj-ct. .
One was in justification of himself from ceiturn
charges brought against him there'and elsewhere; i
the other, to give reasons why he should vote for
the amendment to the bill proposed by the gen- j
tlemanfnm Vnginia. Mr. C. particularly referred ;
to certain charges that (he said) had been brought '•
«gainst turn, chiefly at home, of having received ¡
accommodations from the Bank,and ot his course '
having been influenced thereby. Mr. G. entered :
into an explanation of the grounds of the affair, !
in substance the same, we believe, as have ap- !
peared in some of the Georgia papera. Mr. C. !
then refeired to the passage of the resolutions of-
the Legislature of his own State, instructing their ]
Senators to vote for expunging Mr. Clay's res- '
olutions of last year from the Journals of the '
Senate of the United States, and lead an applica- ;
tion from some members of a former Legislature >
thereof to the Bank of the United States for a ;
branch, &c.                                  "                                I
In support of the amendment for which he ;
intended to vote, Mr. C. quoted Mr. McDufrie's \
report, as to the power of Congress to charter ,
corporations, tie then examined into the reasons |
assigned by the Secretary of the Treasury for i
removing the deposites, and contended that there ¡
was more danger to be apprehended from the '•
numerous local banks than from one bank.             |
Mr. MANN, of New York, rose_and said that '
lie had not designed to trouble the House with any I
remarks upon tins subject;   and he should not !
have done so, but for some observations which
had fallen, irT the course of the debate, from the
two honorable gentlemen from Virginia, [Messrs. ;
Gurdos and   Robertson,]  who   addressed   the ■
House yesterday and to-djy, which Mr. M. said •
he felt himself constrained, as a Representative ,
from New York, to notice.    He must, therefore, '
ask a few moments' indulgence.    If, sir, I have
not mistaken the scope of their remarks, the hon-
orable gentlemen object to the passage of this bill
because about thirteen millions of the revenues of ;
this Government are collected in the Slate of New I
York, to be deposited in her State banks, and
used in the promotion of her already overgrown ,
commerce—thus operating like a pecuniary tariff \
in her favor.    The gentlemen then go on to speak
of that State, which, by courtesy, they denomi-
nate the Empire, with an army of forty represent-
atives on this floor, possessing population, facili-
ties, resouioes, and political power; presenting to
the vision of gentlemen ideal dangers to the pros- '■
perity and welfare of the other States inthis Union;
and theiefore it is argued that great circumspec-
tion should be used here ill respect to our national
legislation, so as not to increase those advantages
and facilities which New York is always so ready
to embrace and improve.    The inference which it
appears to me necessarily follows from the scope
of the remarks of the gentlemen, taken altogether,
and 1 ^tate it as an inference, is, that the power of
New York is not only too gieatin the Union, but
that she will use it for political and improper pur-
poses of self-aggrandizement.
[ Here Mr. M. yielded the floor to the gentlemen
from Viigima, [Messrs. Gordon and Robert-
son-,] who explained, and said that they had not .
mie.ided to uttei a word disrespectful to the State
of New Yoik—that they admired that State and
it-i rapid progress and improvement, and Mr.
Gonnoji protested against any inferences being
drawn i-y the gentleman from New \ ork [Mr. '
M 1 whii'h hU'itmguage did not warrant ]
-Mr. M. resumed,ami said that he had notunder-
Rtood the genrhmen as using disrespectful or'
unpai liatiieli tary or uncouneous language towards '
liu Slate, or her llepiesentatives, and he had not ,
nnsundeistood the scope of their remarks, from '
which he had drawn the inference which he had .
slated,pk necessarily following from'their pronosi- ,
ti.nis and premises. This inference (said Mr. ¡VI. 1 ,
eeems constantly to disturo  the imagination  ol
gentlemen in both wings of the Capitol, present-
ing a visum continually before their eyes, inso-
mucn that, judging by the observations which a
seat on this floor tor a single session has enabled
me to make, Í conclude that no question of gen-
eral or national impouance can be considered and
.discussed heie, without involving considerations
and allusions appertaining to the State of New
York and her career as a member of the Confed-
eracy. Her advantages, her institutions, her
legislative and political policy are arrayeu and
reviewed, censured, and sometimes freely con-
demned on this floor. Her public men, charged
with the administration of her local and State
aifairs, have sometimes been attacked with epithets
as senseless as they are unjust. Her hanking
systems seem to have the importune with gentle-
men to meet with no favor, except distrust and
disapproval.
Su, if gentlemen who discourse so largely about
New York, her laws and institutions, her'wealth
and commerce, would take the trouble to examine
them more closely, and learn more of their na-
ture, extent, and utility, 1 trust they would find
more to meiit their commendation, and less to
denounce and condemn. 1 do not know that it is
proper to arraign the legislative or local policy of
any State of the Union upon this floor; yet i have,
perhaps too often, been a silent witness of the
exhibition here, and in the other branch of the
National Legislature, ¡n respect to the State
which, in a very humble part, 1 have the honor
to repiesent. I have supposed that the States
keeping within the boundaries established by the
Constitution of the United States, had the power
to manage their own affairs in their own way.
But if honorable gentlemen aie disposed to look
into New York tor good or for evil, I will join
them in aid ot the most scrutinizing examination
into her political history, her public policy, laws,
and institutions, i would ask their particular
attention to her systems and provisions for public
education; to her social and moral condition; to
her jurisprudence and legislation; to her'System
of internal improvements; to her proud financial
condition; to her banking and monetary system;
to her internal resources; to her intelligent, indus-
trious, and enterprising population; m which, at
last, they will find the seciet of the power, the
wealth,.and expansive greatness of New York,
appaleritly so much dreaded. Let rrie ask gentle-
men, m what State or country will they fiat! the
affairs of a local government better conducted, to
secure the ends o! a good government, the happi-
ness, rights, and hbcities of the people, than are
those of New Yotk? Are her finances and re-
sources wasted or perverted to improper objects?
I will not here make mviüious comparisons, but
invite gentlemen m their own States to imitate
rather than to indulge unreasonable or unfounded
lealouties of the legislation and power of New
'Voik.
But, Mr, Speaker, when has New York used
her commercial or political power in the Union
for selfish or improper purposes? When has she
endangered th.e Union of these States, or swerved
from the political faith and principles which she
derived from Virginia through those apostles of
political hutrty, Washington, Jefferson, Madison,
and Monroe? For thirty-two years since theadop-
uon of the Constitution, the vaunted " ancient
dominion" has held the control of the executive
and legislative policy of this Government, during
all which time New Yoik has stood firmly by her
side, advocating her faith and practice under the
Constitution, without having dreamed of " the al-
Ur.uUivt" which might permit her to change her
course or her principles. Let the history of her
action during the late war, pouring out her best
blood and treasures upon the altar of the country,
while another portion of the Union occupied a
position at Ilatlford more than equivocal, while
the very Capitel in which we are assembled was
a heap of smoking ruins under the eyes of the
" nuchal dominion I" shield the State of New York
fiom any inferences of a purpose or intention to
use her dreaded political power in the Confed-
eiacy for selfish or improper purposes. Sir, what
has heen the recent position of New York in the
trials to which the strength of our institutions
have been subjected r   lias she stopped to con-
sider "any allcrnntives," or has she stood by the
Constitution and the principles which she de-
rived from the fatheisof the "ancientdominion,"
even though the gallant sons of those fathers may
have doubted and hesitated as to whether the path
of their sires led on to the fountains of patriotism ?
She has maintained the firm and even tenor of her
ways through all the vic.ssitudes and changes
which have been going on around her, and she
will continue to adhere to the ancient republican
faith promulged from Virginia, even though the
talented public men of the latter may, in some in-
stances, indulge their fears that such adherence
will lead her to a position in the Union which will
not permit those who " discouise of Rome, to say
that her wide walls contain but one man."
Sir, what is the position of New York at present
on this floor? Is it equivocal or alternative? Is
it in opposition to the constitutional doctrines so
long cherished in favor of strict cor.struction? la
it opposed to the .rights of the States? When
have her representatives arraigned at this bar the
admitted constitutional legislation, the policy or
measures of one of the State governments of this '
Union? And when, sir, after having done so,
have they then maintained that the State govern-
ments have the power to review and nullify the
constitutional measures of the national Govern-
ment? Sir, the State of New York may present
to the views of some honorable gentlemen the
political enigma, about which they discourse, but
cannot understand; yet, sir, she has never been
found to be a political meteor, traversing the ab-
struse regions and metaphysical mazes of the
political firmament.
But, Mr. Speaker, the sin of New York is her
physical and numerical greatness—her overgrown
external commerce and her internal trade, re-
sources, and advantages. Sir, 1 know not how
to reply to the position that my native State is
physically too strong already, and that greater
dangers are to be apprehended from its increasing
strength and multiplying facilities and resources.
Í cannot regret n—that would be a " treason most
foul." 1 cannot profess its weakness—the facts
would not sustain me. I do most sincerely desire
its increasing prosperity, and 1 must be peimitted
to enjoy this natural desire. New York, sir, ha3
never been the recipient of your bounty. She has
never asked at your hands moie than strict juctice
in the distribution of your favors, and has not re-
ceived even that. Her commerical advantages
depend upon thf laws of nature, and of these she
cannot be deprived by legislation. Transfer your
public revenues from the natural aids they slford
to her commerce, as the honorable gentleman from
Virginia proposes, and you will not materially
affect the progress of New Yoik in her commer-
cial career, since she does not rely upon adventi-
tious advantages. She has, however, a right to
demand at your hands equal and impartial justice.
She asks nothing more. While New York is the
medium and instrument by whicli so large a por-
tion of the public revenues are collected, can you,
in common and equal justice, deprive her of the
advantages which her situation confers ? You can-
not, and ought not. For many years past those
revenues have been under the seifish and odious
control of the United States Bank, with interests
opposed to those of New York, and has this cir-
cumstance arrested the commerce and prosperity
of that State? We have, sir, 1 confess, sometimes
inconveniently felt the power of an unseen hand
striking at our welfare, but not sufficiently to re-
tard permanently our progress.
Mr. Speaker, allow me to express the hope that
we may hereafter be able to discuss and consider
the various questions presented here without
drawing into review the local affairs and legislative
policy of any of the States of the Confederacy,
unless it shall be to derive useful lessons, to guide
us in the path of duty by their example or expe-
rience; and let me add the hope that the various
amendments proposed to the bill under considera-
tion may be rejected, and the bill passed into a
law.                                                                    ,    ,
Mr. WILSON, of Virginia, addressed the
House in opposition to the motion to commit the
bill as made by his colleague, [Mr. Robertson.]
He was also opposed to the amendment of Mr.
Gordon.   Believing that the Bank of the United
