1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
would it reject a proposition for so large a class
as that embraced in the present bill, on its first
presentation'  He hoped his worthy friend would
not press his motion, but allow the bill to take the
usual course, by referring it to a Committee of the  t
Whole House, where its principles and provisions i
would undergo the most mature deliberation.   He
ao-ain repeated, that he could not then say how he |
should finally vote on the measure.                           'l
Mr. STEWART said, with a view of putting ,;
an end to what, in its present situation, was an  ,
unprofitable discussion, if the motion were in |
order, he would move to lay the whole subject on
the table                                                     .                   |
The CHAIR pronounced the motion out of
order.                                                                              I
Mr. ASHLEY wished to say a few words in
reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr Vivton ]
Mr A   believed that no troops during the late
war had been engaged in severer duties or per-
formed haider service than the rangers engaged
for twelve months m protecting our frontier.    It
was true they were paid a dollar per day for their
services, but  as stated by the gentleman from
Alabama, [M. Clay,] they had to furnish their
own horses and their own clothes, and any person
at all conversant with the services they performed,
would at once come  to the conclusion that that
amount was not more than was paid to the regu-
lar troops or infantry of the United States     The
former had to furnish their own horses and to
keep them in go< 4 condition, and in case of one
of them becoming disabled, or being lost, they
had either to procureanotherattheirownexpense,
to hire one, or to go on foot    Mr  A. had the
honor of commanding some of those men at that
time, and from his ov. n e\ lenenre, he could aver
that  their expenses amounted  to as much, and
generally to more than their pay     He believed
there were tnree times as many ranger?, propor-
tionate to their numbers, lost or the fiontier, as
there were of any o her class of troops in theser-
vice of the Urited S ates in that quarter.    Now,
inasmuch as these men did   perform series as
arduous ai (I a? dangerous as ,f they formed a part
of the regular trooi s  in  the army of the United
States, and  inasmuch as (he íezuLi  infantry re-
ceived ea<-h a quarter section of land for their ser-
vices, he was of opinion that ihe men en braced
in this bill were fairly entitled to the same boun.y,
although it was not in their contract
Mr A said, though he was opposed to the
immed.ue rejection of this bill, and in favor of
the principles of it, there were several of its pro-
ijsiors to whicn he did not assen', and a' the
he  intended  t> sub-nt some amerd
prt pe' time  ............
to it ft r the consideiation of trie  Hou -,
I I it due to the subject, that the bi'i
neiH
but he thou
the
: ,n
t^ojIJ be pointed and  properly considered and
dis )Osed of
Mr EWING sa.d a few words which were not
di-tinc ly I eard by the reporter He was under-
stood to be <<¡ posed to the motion to reject
Air LINCOLN" de'ired to siy a few word
t\ Lin, 'ion <,' the vo'e which he shoidd give on
the n o'mii n" the gentleman from Nnith Carolina,
IMr Wmiw] He did not propose to discuss
the ner.i- of ihe bib He retried to us pro-
MS'ons, at d contended ilia' it would aflord apre-
ceden* v. Inch would authorize etery soldier of the
IaL* vii t.. ex pet i s.mdar _" tuiiy Indeed, the
hi'] w is 1, <\\ i enough to in. ude the whole A
ci \,ho hil btrted three days, would
eiH.lM to this bounty as those w 10
hid M?rvcl me y<M- S irh « bill shiuld never
pe-  th.. ! I ,ntf If it si,on'', it woald be a v a>-
r«m M eveiv in! In m m wl o via 'n the s«ivre
,„ ,,le i ,till t , Pimi. f.MV. ii>! ind de-nnnd one
huiul-od v d - vy acres of hm1, although all tbot
1 , I been pron i-ed was m«uni 'vfml , }^e <„',<
not bfliftt
single rinj
1 e a<* n~> i< I
fien' to --i!
«ted 1 v lb
coi -uue 1 i
c iMoits ai <
f,i i'*-, he i
th- l> 'I in
. ,i the lithnc domain wou'd be -ufli-
fv t.ie denvi 1- which would be r,e-
,sMa oltlisb'll Le-t" night be
■o a pie.  d . !, mil eu< ourege appli
.p(v *h'cb must c\entu°'ly p-ove
m.'ted «hethti it  "i not pioper tnat
¡ i i,e rqe-'ed jt its piesenl stage
I  1
Tie "link    ifMi   L   were here anested bv a
ot un of Mi   W \1 \10lTOII, to oroieed to ti e
ib nil i n
of the 11 der  oí the d.y, which was
i amed
PAT OF THE NAVY.
Mr. WATMOTJGH asked the consent of the
House to take up the bill to regulate the pay of
1 the Navy.   He was desirous that the substitute
¡ which had been prepared for the original bill and
1 amendments, should be adopted, and the bill or-
I dered to be engrossed.
I    The motion was objected to.
I                      THE DEPOSITE BANKS.
1    The order of the day was the bill to regulate
' the deposite of the public moneys in certain local
' banks; and   the question   pending  thereon  was
the previous question, moved yesterday by Mr.
BOON.
Mr. PATTON moved a call of the House.
The CHAIR again decided the motion not to
be in order, upon the same grounds aa on yester-
day.
[The same question of order arose in the House
yesterday. The Chair decided the motion for a
call of the House before it was ascertained whether
there was a second to the previous question which
had been demanded, to beoutof order. In making
this decision, the Speaker declared that he con-
sidered the motion in order, but he felt bound to
conform to the decision of the House upon the
same point at its last session. It was for the
House, if it thought proper, to reverse its own
decision ]
Mr. PATTON thereupon appealed from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. BRIGGS asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
A long discussion on the point of order ensued.
Messrs. PATTON,MILLER,F0STER.CAGE, '
SUTHERLAND, MERCER, E. EVERETT, I
S.  JONES,   HEATH,  and H.  EVERETT,
were for reversing the decision of the Chair, and I
Messrs   SPEIGHT, MASON of Virginia, and
HALL of North Carolina, were in its favor.          ¡
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and ¡
the íesult was—yeas 91, nays 113.                           |
YEAS—Messrs W Allen,Baylies,Beaumont,
Blair, Bockee, Boon, Brown, Burns, Bynum,
Carmichae!, Carr, Casey, Chaney, Samuel Clark,
Clay, Corlee, Cramer, Day, Dickerson, Dickin-
son, Dunlap, Ferris, Fmester, William K. Fuller,
Galoraiih, Gillet, Joseph Hall, Thomas H. Hall,
Halsey, Hannegan, Joseph M. Harper, Harrison,
Hathaway, Hawkins, Heath, Henderson, How-
e'l, Hubbard, Huntington, Inge, Richard M.
Johnson, Noadiah Johnson, Cave Johnson, Ben-
1-min Jones, Kilgore, Lane, Lansing, Lucas,
Lyon, Lvtle, JoefK Mann, Mardis, John Y
Mason, Moses Mason, jr , May, Melntire, Mc-
K.m McLene, McVean, H. Mitchell, Robert
Mitchell, Morgan,Muhlenberg, Murphy, Osgood,
Page, Parker, Patteisoi, Franklin Pierce, Pieison,
Poik, Pope, Ramsay, Reynolds, Sehenck, Augus-
tus H. Sheppeid, Shinn, Smith, Speight, Standi-
<er William Tavlor, Thomson, Turnll, Vander-
poel.Van Houten, Wagener, Ward, Wardwel),
Webstei, Whallon, White—91.                               j
;M4\S_ Messis JuhnQ. Adams, HemanAllen, '
T   J   Ail-n, Anthony, Ashley, BanKs, Barber,
Bainitz, Baninger, Beatty, Bell, Binney, Briggs, ,
Burd   Bui^es, Cambtelet,s. Chambers. Chilton,
Claiborne,CWilham  Clark,  Clayton,  Clowney,
Coram,   Crane,   Cn Kelt,    Dailington,   Amos
Davis,  Divenpoit,   Debeiry,   Denny,  Dickson,
Evans, Edward Eieiett, Horace Everett, Ewmg,
Fillmore, Foster, Towlei, Phdo C Fuller, Fulton,
Gamble,   Garland,   Gl.oU>on, Gilmei,   Goidon,
Goihem, Graham, Giavsm, G enne'l, Gr-fiin,
Hi'ai d Hall, Hamer, Hard, Haul o. Jam'stlar-
pei, H.zelt.nc, Hiestei, Will am JacUon, Eoene-
7er Jrckson, Janes, Ja.vN Henry Johnson, Sea
bo-n Jones, K.unird, Liporte, Lay, Lea. Lee,
Letchei, Lincoln. Loy all, Abiph Menn, F , Mir-
tnvhle. Mar-lnh, McCaitv, MeCon-es, M Kay,
Mclve n  .,, McKmley, Mercer, Md'er. Mill gan,
Miner, >r-o.e, Pi'm , Di.'ee T   Pearce, P'"I"P^
Pick  s  P.n.knev, Pot-, iletd, Rencnei, Robert-
son, Wilinm B  Siepird,SlaJe,Spanglei,&'ee.e,
Stewait, Wiilnm P   Ti\lor, Pfiilemoi Thomas,
Tomikins. T.umbuU, Tveedv, Vance, \iitor,
Walmcugl , Tieler civ Wl .' 't.et, E isha Whu-
t'e-e- , Wilde, Wibiams, Wii^o',, V  ise, > oung
",--o tie House determn.ed that the motion for a
cail of,,he House was m ordtr.
The motion for a call of the House was then
put, and negatived, without a division.
The question then recurring on the motion for
the previous question—
Mr. GRAHAM appealed to the honorable mem-
ber from Indiana to withdraw his motion for the
previous question.
Mr. BOON said though he did not wish to be
obstinate, he could not withdraw the motion. The
discussion on this bill was arresting all the other
business of the country, and he thought-had
already extended to a sufficient length.
The question was then taken by tellers; and
there were—ayes 97, noes 105.
So the House refused to second the call for the
previous question.
The question being then on the engrossment of
the bill,
Mr. BINNEY said he was desirous of proposing
certain amendments, which, however, did not con-
flict with the general principles of the bill, but, as
he believed, tended rather to improve and render
it more acceptable to many who were in favor of
its passage.    He was aware that the House was
very desirous of passing to the consideration of
other important business; and he coincided in the
wish that the question should be taken this day.
He should therefore endeavor to economise the
time of the House, so far as he could with a due
regard  to  perspicuity.     He had  said   that the
amendment he was about to propose did not con-
flict with the principles of the bill.   Those princi-
ples, he wished to be understood, were such as
he could never bring his mind to adopt.   This
consideration, however, did not debar him from
making a reasonable effort to render them more
consistent with his own views of right, and of the
true interests of the country     The objections
which he entertained to the bill in its present
shape were  its  insecurity—its partiality, and its
tendency to political influence.    In relation to the
first of these points, its insecurity, he contended
that he had the warrant of experience.    The sys-
tem of using the State banks for the depositories
of the public treasure hed been tried and failed—
egregiously failed, and that under circumstances
remarkably similar to the present.   The honor-
able chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means had said that this was " no longer an
experiment." In regard to its first tnalhe granted
it was not an experiment; but m relation to the
present, he differed materially from that gentle-
man.    It was, he conceived, as much an experi-
ment now as it was when it was first so denomi-
nated.   It had been tried but one short year, and
we were now told it had succeeded, and  must
continue to succeed.    The experiment, on its
former trial, not only for one, for two, or for three
years, but for three years and a half, had the
same apparent success.   At the end of that Pe«oa,
in less than six weeks, it was exploded, and the
currency of the country was ¡eft for more than a
year in  the most deplorable condition.    To con-
tend that this experiment was tested in the short
time in which  it had been in operation, with the
recent trial of a like experiment, and its failure in
three and a half years staring in our faces, was to
him preposterous     Not only did he contend that
the experiment had not been fully tiled, but it had
not been fairly begun.   Its result was only post-
poned    The causes conducing to this postpone-
ment were, first, the refusal  on the part of the
Bank of the United States to obey the mandate
1 fiom the Treasury Depaitment to call in its circu-
lation—her refusal to  proceed with the work m
, which she had begun.    It was this spirit of oppo-
i Mt,on—fact.ous opposition if you choose—to the
virtual command of the department to ca.l in her
circulation which formed one principal cause ot
the postponen-ent of the effect of the experiment.
The other cajse to which  he referred was the
celebrated and salutary panic of 1833, which in-
, duced a curtailment of one-fourth of our imports,
and the substitution of returns m specie.   Mr.
B  next called the attention of the House to the
1 sum anty of the circumstances existing in ibid
and in 1833   There was, he believed, at the former
neuod as much  specie in the country as at the
alter    Aftei pursuing this subject at some length,
he leferred to the losses said to have beer, sus-
tained by the Goverrment by its places of depos-
es    He contended that it had, propeily speak-
