238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
ing, lost nothing by the Bank of the United States.
Mr B then went into an examination of his sec-
ond proposition, that the operation of the present
system was partial towards various portions of
the country. He also dwelt, at considerable
length, on the possibilities of the fiscal agents of
the Government being used for political effect, and
concluded by enumerating the advantages to be
secuied by the provisions of his amendment.
Mr PATTON said he was in favor of the prin-
ciples of this bill, and was desirous that it should
be adopted, and he was determined, so far as his
own action was concerned, that every member of
the House should be enabled to present such
amendments as he should think necessary, in
order to make it as peifect as possible, and in
some he might himself concur. Mr P. said he
should not enter at large into the question. He
agreed with the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr Binney,] that the question of the Bank of
the United States was finally settled. The question
now was, what were we todo' There were other
great questions brought into this discussion The
most important was that of executive encroach-
ment in relation to the removal of the deposites,
again alleged by those who had before fought the
battle and lost it Mr P. was íeady to enter the
contest again with any one, and to maintain, as
he had maintained before, that the conduct of the
Executive upon that occabion was neither an
encroachment upon the powers of that House
nor an invasion of the Constitution, but was in
exact conformity with the principles of the Gov-
ernment as established in 1789
But the question was whether, the Bank of the
United States being about to expne as the fiscal
agent of the Government, there was any necessny
of making regulations for the disposition of the
public deposites, and what those regulations should
be' Much had been said about the experiment
that had been made Mr P. denied that it was
an experiment, foi it had existed and had been
going on from the foundation of the Government
to the present time State banks had been so
employed fiom 1789, not only down to 1816, but
down to the present moment. In 1811, when the
Bank of the United States had been in operation
for twenty yeare, and when judgment of death was
about to be pronounced against it by Congress, a
report was made to that House showing that one
thud of the money of the country was in State
banks. That of twenty-one deposite banks eleven
of them were chaiteied State banks In many of
the States, Massachusetts, Connecticut, and Rhode
Island, there was no branch of the United States
Bank He referíed to the authority of Mr Gal-
latin to prove that all the money of the country
was deposited in State banks, except at Noifolk
He also referred to the speeches ot many gentle-
men on both sides of the question at that time,
showing that m the event of the bank going down,
the use of State banks for places of the public de-
posites was contemplated. If then this system
was an experiment, it was an experiment made in
1789, and continued to be used down to 1816
Mr P entered into a review of the circumstan-
ces attending the recharter of the present Bank of
the United States, and quoted the opinion of Ml.
Webster, Mr Clay, and other gentlemen then
in Congress, and read an extract fiom the report
of Mr Gallatin to the Senate of the United
States m 1811, in favor of the rechaiter of the
United States Bank, to show that he believed State
banks might be safely used by the Treasuiy.
Whether we regal ded this as a political or a mere
financial question, it must still be a question be
tween the establishment of the Bank of the United
States and the State banks He thought the de-
velopment of the last three or four years, and the
last year especially, had proved the dangerous in-
fluence of the formei institution. He once thought
the charges brought against it overrated, but he
thought so no longer. From the State banks
nothing was to be feared, their profits were dis-
tributed and disbursed over the whole country;
they were under the control of the State govern-
ments, and their being in a continual state of ri-
valry towards each other would all tend to keep
them within proper limits
Much had been siid about the influence the State
of New York would derive by the passage of this
bill.   Mr. P said it was to the city and not to the
State this application should be made. That city
had great influence,and would always possess it,
from her immense commercial advantages, and
nothing could stop her course.
With regard to giving the Secretary of the
Treasury the control over the deposite banks, he
did not believe it ever was, or ever would be, used
as an engine of political power, or that it could to
any great extent. Besides, the powei of Congress
could at any time interpose to prevent his exercise
of any undue influence At the proper opportu-
nity it was his intention to offer an amendment to
the clause prohibiting the employment of any
bank as a place of deposite for the public moneys
that issued notes in 1833, of a less denomination
than ten dollars, for he thought it better to leave
the matter to be acted upon when the time should
arrive, according to the circumstances that might
then exist He thought it wrong thus to bind
their successois, and the evils the country had
endured from the question of the Bank of the
United States had grown out of what some called
a contiact made by the Congress of 1816 with that
institution Theie was no necessity for passing
this clause to restrict the State banks, and they
were not required to do it It was trammelling,
and unnecessarily trammelling, the bill
Mr. P. concluded by again declaring his inten-
tion to vote for (he bill.
Mr E. EVERCTT said he wished to offer an
amendment to the bill when the proper time should
arrive He expressed his appiobation of the sev-
eral amendments of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Binney ] He last year voted against
the bill, for he regarded it as part of an illegal
system in violation of the existing law chartenng
the Bank of the United States He said, if the
amendments of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr Binney] were adopted, he should vote in
favor of the bill. He was opposed to placing so
much'power as that of selecting the deposite banks
in the will and discretion of the Secretary of the
Tieasury. He was awaie of the difficulty of the
case, but his plan, he thought, would obviate it,
and that was to place the money m those banks
that would pay most for its use, all other things
being equal, and taking care that it he perfectly
secure. Such a provision was equitable, and he
hoped would lj£ adopted, and he should offer it
hereafter to the consideration of the House.
Mr. WILDE rose to appeal to all parties, the
friends of the amendments in particular, to bring
the question to a close. There were only sixteen
days of the session remaining, and the present
discussion was arresting all the business of the
country Every speech made in favor of the
amendment was virtually in favoi of the previous
question. The House had shown a disposition to
permit the question to be taken dnectly on the
several amendments, and he hoped the discussion
would terminate
Ml GRAHAM offered an amendment pro-
viding that four per cent per annum should be
paid for the use of the public moneys by the banks
m which they were deposited, and that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury keep a pioper book of ac-
counts,&c Mr G advocated his amendment in
a few words
Mr McKINLEY expressed a hope that the
question would be taken on the amendment at
once.
Mr. POLK asked for a division of the question
on the amendments proposed by Mr Binnly, and
replied to the argument used m favor of lequinng
interest from the deposite banks. To select those
banks which would give most for the use of the
public moneys, would in almost all cases be select-
ing the worst bank Mr P. leiterated his remarks
made the other day, showing the impracticability
of enforcing mteiest upon so fluctuating a capital
as that would be, which might be placed m a bank
to-day and called for to-morrow The only plan
he thought that could be devised would be by a
sinking fund, regulated at each session of Con-
gress. At present there was only about half a
million m the Treasury, and by the end of the
session there woulJ remain very little. As soon
as the contingency existed of a positive unex- I
pended balance m the Treasuiy, it would be time
enough to provide for it.
Mi. FILLMORE stated that the unexpended
balances belonging to the State of New York, in
the banks there, did produce an interest of from
four to five per cent.
Mr. GRAHAM again urged the propriety of
bis amendment, and asked for the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
The amendment of the gentleman was then put
and negatived, without a division.
The first clause of Mr Binney's amendment
to the third section of the bill, distinguishing
private from public funds, was then agreed to,
without a division.
The second clause of the amendment having
been read—                                                 *
Mr. McKINLEY made a few remarks thereon
Mr. JONES moved to strike out one-fourth,
and insert one-fifth of the amount of specie, &c,
to be kept in the vaults of the banks.
Mr BINNEY accepted the modification.
Mr. POLK explained why the provision had
been made in the bill by the committee; and
thought it should not be changed. At the time
when the Bank of the United States was con-
sidered the safest institution m-the country, it had
only six millions to meet forty-two millions—the
amount of its liabilities only one seventh.
Mr. PARKER and Mr McKIM made a few
remarks on the amendment.
Mr CAMBRELENG said if this amendment
were adopted, it would virtually defeat the whole
bill
Mr. BINNEY asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered                     ,
Mr. CRAMER moved an adjournment. Nega-
tived.
The question was then taken on the second
branch of the amendment; which was agreed to—
yens 109, nays 99
Mr. POLK asked leave to introduce a resolu-
tion proposing to make the bill under consider-
ation and another bill in relation to the transfer
of certain books, &c, from the Bank of the United
States, the special orders for twelve o'clock each
day, except Saturdays, until the same should be
disposed of, and providing that petitions should
be received as usual on Mondays.
Objection being made,
Mr. POLK moved a suspension of the rules, to
enable him to offei the resolution He was de-
sirous that those bills should be disposed of to-
moi row
Mi BEATTY moved that the House adjourn.
Carried—ayes 90, noes 86
So the House SBjourned at a quarter to six
o'clock
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 13, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs  BENTON, TOMLINSON, and LINN
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented a memo-
rial of the Cherokee delegation, complaining of
the decision of the War Department in their case,
and praying the interposition of Congress for their
relief, which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
REPORTS TROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public- Lands, to which was referred the bills
from the House for the relief of Samuel Doxey,
and for the relief of Sutton Stephens, reported the
same, the first without, and the last with an amend-
ment.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the same com-
mittee, to which was referí ed the petition of the
settlers on the public lands near Michigan City,
praying for certain preemption rights, reported
unfavorably upon the same, and the committee
were discharged from the further consideration
thereof
Mr. NAUDAIN, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the bills from the
House for the relief of Thomas Beaufort and
Shubael Conant, reported the same, severally>
without amendment.
Mr HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, to which was referred the bill
making an appropriation to construct certain roads
in Michigan Territory, reported the same without
amendment.
