1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the same committee, ¡
to which was referred the bill in addition to th* ,
act for the continuation and repair of the Cum- j
berland road, reported the same without amend- j
mejAt   SILSBEE, from the Committee on Com-'
merce   to which was referred the bills from the
House for the relief of Stephen Smith and others,
reported the same severally without amendment.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Naval Committee, .
reported a bill to regulate the pay of the Navy of j
the United States; which was read the first time I
and ordered to a second reading.                            |
Mr PRESTON, from the Judiciary Committee, >
to which was referred the bill from the House to |
prescribe the punishment of consuls, commercial ¡
agents, and  others, reported the same without,
amendment.                                                           I
Mr. PRESTON, from the same committee, to ,
which was referred the bill changing the time of ,
holding the district courts of the United States
m Western Virginia, held at Clarksburg, reported j
the same without amendment.                               j
GEOLOGICAL INVESTIGATIONS.               |
Mr.  WAGGAMAN submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate the report
received from the person charged with the miner-
alógica! and geological investigation authorized
by an act of Congress at the last session.
AMERICAN DIPLOMATIC CODE.
The joint resolution authorizing the purchase
of fifty copies of the American Diplomatic Code, ,
for the use of the Senate, was taken up for con-,
eideration; and, on motion of Mr. HILL, was laid I
on the table.
COLONEL GAD HUMPHREYS.                J
The bill to settle the accounts of Colonel Gad ¡
Humphreys was taken up, considered as m Com- t
mittee of the Whole, and, on motion of Mr.
WHITE, was laid on the table.                           j
COMPENSATION, ETC, OF CUSTOM-HOUSE
OFFICERS.
The bill fixing the number and compensation of
the custom-house officers of the United States,and
to alter certain collection districts, came up on a
third reading.                       „,     , ,    ,  .    ,   , ,.
Mr SILSBEE moved to fill a blank m the bill,
preserving the 31st December next as the period
when the bill is to take effect; which was agreed
to.
The bill was then read the third time and passed.
REPRESENTATIVES OF COLONEL JOHN LAW-
RENCE.
The bill supplementary to the act for the relief
of the representatives of Colonel John Lawrence,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole,
'when it was opposed by Mr. HILL, who asked
the yeas and nays upon us passage; which were
A Per some remarks from Mr. FRELING-
HUYSEM. the biH was ordered to be engrossed
for a thud reidins, by the following vote:
YE-VS-Messfs Bell, Bibb, Black, Clay, Ew-
in , Frelinsb.uys.en, Goldsborough, Hendncks,
Kane, Ken,, King of Alabama, Knignt, Leigh,
Linn. McKean, Moore, Naudmn, Powdewer,
Pren-i-s, Pieston, Robbms, Robinson, Silsbee,
Smith, Southard, Swift, T.pton, lomlinson, ly-
lei, Wagsairmr., Web*tei, W hue—3-
N\YS—\U^is. Benton, Brown, Calhoun,
Cuti.i.e.t. Giun.lv, Hill, King of Georgia, Man-
gum. Morris, Uuggles, Shepley, Tallmadge,
Wright—13
CHARLES J. CKTLETT.
The huí for the relief of Charles J. Catlett was
couriered as m Committee of the Whole, and
aftei «ome remark-  from Me-sr« J) Lfc.lv, A AU-
DA1X, WEBSTER, and KING of Alabama,
'the hour of one hiung arrived,)
Mr CALHOUN moved to ay the b.l upon
the table, with a view to proceed to the orders of
the day, which was azreed to.
THE rouii YEARS' LAW.
The Senate then p.oceeded to consider, as m
Committee of the Whole, the bill to
terms of certain officers, commonly called the four
years' law.
Mr. CALHOUN rose to make a few remarks.
| He had not anticipated any particular objections
I to the bill before the Senate.    Eight years ago it
| would be remembered a bill passed through that
body (the Senate) for restricting executive pat-
| ronage; it was termed the four years' bill; it was
¡ an act which imposed the most solemn obligation
I on the present Administration.   He would revert
! to the strong feelings which overthrew that Admin-
, istration and put the present one in power.    The
¡ principles then professed and held up as the basis
i of our free institutions he feared had been, too
' soon forgotten. That Administration was accused
of extravagance; of building up the power and
1 increasing the influence of the Federal Govern-
' ment.   One of the first acts that marked the com
mencement of the Administration was the Panama
' question. Then there was some slight indications
i that the four years' law would be perverted by the
| removal of printers and the like. So very sensitive
were the party now in power, at that time, that
j  they were instantly aroused to action.   The sub-
j ject of executive patronage was then committed
' by the Senate to an able committee, who reported
thereon.   This committee was composed of the
honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,]
Mr. Macon, of North Carolia, the distinguished
individual who presided over that body, [Mr. Van
Bcren,] Mr. White, Mr. Finley, Mr. Dickin-
son, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Hayne, and Mr. Johnson.
Mr. C. then requested his colleague [Mr. Pres-
ton] to read some extracts from the report of that
committee.   After the reading Mr. C. resumed: .
such were (said he) the principles that had been
held up to the people; such were the hopes that had
been excited, that if those then in power were ex-
pelled, and their opposers put iraheir places, these
principles should prevail.    On the faithful fulfil-
ment of such pledges much depended.   If they
were neglected the public would lose all confidence
in its servants; the people would cease to be in-
terested in public affairs.    He would repeat, how
had these pledges been redeemed ?   The Senator
[Mr Benton] had complained that of the four-
teen'years he had been on that floor, during the
first seven he could obtain nothing as a favor from
the Government. But the last seven, he had wished
to employ in retaliation.   That spirit had spread
i through  every department of the Government.
Wave°after wave had spread over the land.   And
if that course was pursued, he would  ask what
would be the result?   He would tell the Senator
that although he might be acquitted before those
who were interested; although he might be ac-
of specie which the deposite banks were required
to keep on hand.]
The SPEAKER said the motion would be re-
ceived, and would regularly come up for consid-
eration when the bill should be taken up.
Mr. GALBRAITH, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Rob-
ert Allison, a lieutenant in the revolutionary war;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of John
Bartlett; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. CHINN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill authorizing the
circuit court for the District of Columbia to hold
an extra term for the trial of criminal causes;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of John Cowper;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. FULTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Thomas Beauchamp;
which was read twice and committed. _
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions, &c.,
were made by Messrs K AVAN AGH, BRIGGS,
GALBRAITH, CHAMBERS, FULTON,
HOWELL, and CLAY, from their respective-
committees.
Mr. E. WHITTLESEY moved that the Na-
tional Temperance Society be permitted to have
the use of the Hall of Representatives on Monday
evening next.
It was objected to.
Mr. W. then moved to suspend the rule of the
House, in order that he might be enabled to sub-
mit the motion; which was agreed to—yeas 117,
nays 37.                                    ,
The motion was then submitted, and agreed
tq—yeas 103, nays 41.
THE PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported the following resolution; and the
question being taken, it was disagreed to—two-
thirds not voting in the affirmative:
Resolved, That the bill No. 563, entitled a bill
regulating the deposites of the money of the Uni-
ted States in certain local banks, and the bill No.
564, entitled a bill to repeal so much of the act
entitled an act transferring the duties of Commis-
sioners of Loans to the Bank of the United States,
as requires the Bank of the United States to per-
form the duties of Commissioner of Loans for the
several States, be the standing order of the day,
for this day at one o'clock, and in each succeeding
day at twelve o'clock, Saturday excepted, until
disposed of, and that until the hour of twelve
o'clock, on each day, the business of the House
miitted bv the present generation; yet he must be I 0>clock, on each day, the business of the House
md before another Tribunal, before posterity, | shaU proceed in the order prescribed by the rules
L?wAe; would be condemned unless he" retraced     of the^ House; but it shall be in order to present
vhere he would be condem
his footsteps.                                        , ,    -,
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
PFNToT SOUTHARD, CALHOUN, POIN- I
nEVTER KING, of Alabama, WEBSTER,
i l \-V CUTHBERT, LEIGH,BIBB,GOLDS-
BOROUGH HENDRICKS, and FRFLLNG-
HUYSEN Towards the close of the day, the
discussion was exceedingly animated and inter-
«tin", and became personal between Messrs.
BENTON and CALHOUN, to a dei.ee which
terminated ,n repeated calls to order. Weatatain
from any remaiks upon the couise which the dé-
oste took; but as it has produced great excitement
and as much interest has been felt with rega.d to
an report, as accurately as it can be prepared,
w'ill be given m a few days.
At half-past five o'clock,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday  Feb) nary 13, 1833.
The motion heretofore submitted by Mr. PHIL-
T IPS  to mint two thousand extra copies of the
íeSort of 3e Commmeeon Commerce, relame to
Z proposed South sea expedition, was considered
BDMrgPLUMMER moved to recon«d.jr A.jro.e
¡unit the
the adoption of the amendment
0 the bill in rtlation
^^itiS-sm regard to the amount
0{ yestetday, upon theadop
oileicd by Mr. BINNED , t
l petitions and memorials on Monday.
Mr. CONNOR, from the select committee ap-
Dorated at the last session to examine into and
report the situation of the Post Office Department,
made a detailed report.
Mr C. moved that the report be laid upon the
table and printed.
Mr. C. remarked that the documents accompa-
nying the report were voluminous, and that twe
of the members of committee had undertaken to
collate them, and dispense with such as were
unimportant. The remainder he moved to print,
together with the i eport.
Mr. GARLAND asked for the reading of the
Mr CONNOR'had no objection; but the report
, was lengthy. and would probably be followed by
' a counter one of equal length,
i     Mr GARLAND withdrew his motion.
I    The report and documents were then oidered to
i be printed.                                                         ,
I Mr E WHITTLESEY, fiom the minority of
thecommiuee, presented the viewsof the iminority
in a separa-e report; which was laid on the table
and ordered to be primed.
Mi. BRIGGS moved to print twenty-five thou-
sand extra copies of each report, together with
thMr°CSPEÍGHT suggested ten thousand copies.
The motion, unde, the rule, lies over one day.
1        AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION. _
f    Mi. GILMER moved to take up ceitam joint
