1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
now necessary. Whether it would not be better for
this House to legislate and perform its own duty,
and then distribute among the people the results
of our own labors, rather than distribute among
the people information as to the mode in which
we have performed those duties ? Let the gentle-
men do this, and I will go with heart and hand in
multiplying copies to any extent. But no; not-
withstanding gentlemen are prepared to admit that
there is a defect in the Post Office laws—notwith-
standing they are prepared to admit that legisla-
tion is what is necessary—notwithstanding all
agree that legislation must be the next step upon
this subject, instead of going to work and legis-
lating and supplying the needful for the best inter-
ests of the people, they stop short by multiplying
reports upon reports, exposing the necessity of
such legislation. Sir, does this look like a com-
mendable pursuit, for the best interests of the
people? It is withholding from the people that to
which they are entitled.
But there is another objection to the printing of
so large a number of these reports, and that is
overbuidening the mails, and thereby increasing
the difficulties and embarrassments of a depart-
ment you say is defective already. Youareabout
to impose an additional tax upon it, in order to
weigh it down; for it is a tax upon the Post Office
Department to require it to distribute so large a
number of heavy volumes throughout the coun-
try. I respectfully ask if it be the intention of
gentlemen to break down this department at all
events, by imposing upon it additional burdens,
while they, at the same time, admit it is already
unable to sustain itself now ? Sir, the very expense
of distributing those volumes is, in itself, a suffi-
cient objection; especially as there cannot be a
doubt that all the information will come to the
people through the ordinary channel—the public
press.
Another reason has been given in favor of the
proposition, that there is an extraordinary excite-
ment throughout the country upon this subject.
_That the people want information about it. Let
'me ask, sir, how has this excitement been pro-
duced? Does not every gentleman understand
perfectly well how statements are manufactured
and worked up so as to produce excitement among
the people ? .Need I remind the n of the events of
the preceding year? But, sir, call the attention of
this House to anyone department of the Govern-
ment, and lay bare its extravagances; open the
blinds and windows, and let the people look in
fully and freely, and you will create an excite-
ment. I fear not to say, that I do not believe
there is a single department of this Government
which, if laid bare to the people, would not pro-
duce excitement; yet gentlemen cry out upon the
Post Office Department alone, and hold it up as a
subject worthy of every exaggeration, while at the
same time they seek to throw upon it the addi-
tional burden and expense of distributing thousands
upon thousands of ponderous documents. Mr.
Speaker, suppose the people could be called to
the extravagance of our own House in the matter
of printing alone; think you, sir, they would not
be excited ? If they will turn to the sixth docu-
ment, published at the present session of Con-
gress, in which the Clerk of this House exhibits
the expenditures of the House, they will discover
that up to the 30th of November, last year, the
expenses of the last session of this very Congress,
for printing alone, were $71,725, and the printing
ordered last session had not then all been com-
pleted I Ptior to this time many additional thou-
sand dollars have been expended to complete the
priming ordered last session. Why, this amount
is almost enough to place the Post Office Depart-
ment high and dry, and beyond the reach of embar-
rassment. Besides, what do we propose to effect
by the distribution of these reports ? 1 will not go so
far as to say that we propose to do away with the
possibility of legislating in reference to the Post
Office Department at the present session; but all
we do propose, is to lay open the enormities and
abuses of that department, and to do this we are
to expend an additional sum of $50,000, and then
not able to furnish one out of five hundred to our
constituents ! Why, the extra expenses of the
Post Office Department, about which gentlemen
have been so much disposed to complain, have
been, in a great measure, occasioned by the extra
number of documents which this and the other
House of Congress combined have ordered to be
printed and distributed throughout the country.
Your mails are laden down with your extra doc-
uments, and what is the necessary consequence ?
Why, that the mail contractor comes forward and
complains, saying to the department, " since 1
' entered into my contract the weight of the mails
' is increased four fold, and it is utterly impracti-
' cable for me to continue carrying them for the
' sum agreed upon; I muit therefore have an extra
'allowance, or else I shall be compelled to give up
' my contract; and if 1 do, no man can come and
' do it even at the extra sum." Who is to blame?
Not the Postmaster General. If the necessity
exists, and if Congress, or either branch of it,
persists in loading down the mails with heavy,
voluminous, and in most instances, useless docu-
ments, extra allowances must be given to the mad
contractors for carrying them. Thus the evil
falls back upon ourselves, and if the people of this
country have not already reflected sufficiently
upon this subject, so as to understand it, the time,
I trust, is not far distant, when they will so under-
stand it; and in the same proportion as you over-
load the mails with these extra copies of ponder-
ous documents, will members of Congress them-
selves be held accountable by the people, and the
Post Office Department be acquitted, even if it be
overwhelmed in bankruptcy. Tnis would be no
more than justice.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I will reiterate that
I am opposed to the printing of any extra number
of these reports beyond the number specified by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Beardsley,]
who, as one of the committee, we may suppose is
conversant in the matter, and who thought two
thousand would be sufficient.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, said that there
was no evidence adduced before the committee
that any extra allowance had been made in conse-
quence of the mail having to carry an extra num-
ber of congressional documents.
Mr. SMITH said it was an inference drawn
from facts that were known to every one.
Mr. MERCER regretted that the gentleman
from Maine had occupied so much time. Mr M.
said he should vote for the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. He said he did not
complain of the expense of printing because
benefit resulted from it; but if the gentleman from
Maine had attacked the gaudy drapery around the
Speaker's chair, fit only for a company of strolling
players, or the expense of keeping up a large and
useless hall, Mr. M. would have concurred with
him; but he did not conceive the printing of use-
ful documents for the information of the people,
extravagance at all. [Mr. M. always speaks in
so low a tone of voice, and so frequently varies his
position, sometimes turning his back to the chair,
that it is rarely the reporter can catch consecutive
words enough to convey even the purport of the
honorable member's remarks.]
Mr. BURGES rose to repel the charge that this
House loaded the mail to such an extent as to
cause or to increase the derangements in the Post
Office Department.
Mr. MANN, of New York, did not rise, he
said, to prolong the debate, for perhaps he also
might subject himself to a similar lecture in regard
to his duty that had been bestowed upon his friend
from Mame. However that might be, Mr. M.
had been in the habit of expressing his opinions
without much regard as to whether they suited
the particular views of other gentlemen or not;
he should do so on the present occasion.
The proposition under consideration was to
print five thousand copies of the report and ac-
companying documents, and twenty-five thousand
copies of the report alone. A member of the Post
Office Committee has told the House that in all
probability the whole will make three octavo
volumes; another gentleman estimated them at
five volumes. Take them at three volumes, this
would make about fourteen thousand five hundred
and eighty, giving to each member a little over
sixty volumes. For a long time Congress had '
been ardently engaged in collecting a public library
worthy of the nation, and which should be an
ornament to the country, and it does contain the
various branches of history and legislation of most
civilized nations, and has in it, together with all
the documents of our own country, and all the
works appertaining to every part of science, about
twenty-two thousand volumes. Now, what were
we about to do ? To print fourteen thousand five
hundred and eighty volumes, or, in all probability a
much larger number, sufficient to line the hall in
which they were sitting, nearly as many as the
library they had been so long engaged in forming,
to distribute all over the number. We were told
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, that our
constituents read all these documents, and that the
gentleman's own constituents read them. Now,
Mr. M. would venture to predict, that the gentle-
man himself had never yet read so many books
printed by that House as the document in ques-
tion would amount to. He doubted if there was
a member there who had patience to wade through
such a mass of documents. He could see no
utility in printing so large a number. While they
were undertaking to correct abuses in other de-
partments of the Government they were themselves
lavishing thousands in useless printing. He could
see no practical utility whatever in publishing so
large a number of these documents, except that
of giving the printer a job that would last through-
out the whole recess. No one was more willing
than Mr. M. that constituents should have all the
information possible upon every subject; but this
was one which they would obtain through the
ordinary channels, without putting the country to
such an expense. He hoped the number would
not exceed one, instead of five thousand; and he
was sure that one thousand would furnish to every
member as many copies as he could send to con-
stituents who would read them.
Mr. BRIGGS said if the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Mann] intended to insinuate that Mr.
B. had any such motive in view by his proposition
as that of patronising the public printer, the gentle-
man was widely mistaken. Mr. B. had made the
proposition from a deep conviction that the im-
portance of the subject and the expectations of
the people demanded it. Nor was he to be deter-
red from persevering in it by the gentleman's
ringing the tocsin of party, by saying that the in-
tention is to patronise the public printer. Mr. B.
thought the number he had indicated few enough.
A word in reply to the gentleman from Maine.
The gentleman went into a cool, deliberate, and
mathematical calculation, to show how much per
document the printing would amount to; that it
would cost each of his and my constituents the
enormous amount of nearly four mills a head!
Another argument of the gentleman he thanked
him for: and if it was in Mr. B.'s power he would
tell it to the gentleman'«constituents. He hoped,
however, the reporters would do it. The gentle-
man said, if the people of this country could look
through the windows and see the expenses of
every department in the Government, they would
be excited. The gentleman said this in the sin-
cerity of his heart, and he thanked him for it. M r.
B. made some further remarks, and concluded by
hoping the House would adopt his proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, remarked, that
in his opinion the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Smith] was mistaken in saying that nothing more
than legislation was necessary. Mr. J.'s opinion
was, that abuses existed throughout the depart-
ment, from^the time the present head came into
office. No complaints were heard of the former
administration of this department, but it was then
ably and economically administered. The abuses
arose out of the present administration of the Post
Office, and the public would not be satisfied, nor
would the abuses be removed by an act of Con-
gress, but by the removal of the head of the Post
Office Department. Mr. J. considered the present
Postmaster General totally incompetant to dis-
charge the duties of his office. Whether the
abuses arose from ignorance or incapacity, the
effect was the same; the abuses could only be
removed by the removal of incompetent officers.
He was in favor of diffusing the information as
widely as possible, so that the people might see
how the thousands had been wasted; for, if not,
and that House passed an act without giving the
people an opportunity of looking into the matter,
they might think the abuses sprung out of some
defect of the existing laws, instead of from the
mal-administration of thePostmasterGeneral. He
believed that as long as that officer and his present
