250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16>
Mr SHEPLEY, from the same committee, to
which the bill from the House for the relief of
Thomas Clements was referred, reported the same
without amendment.
Mr. LEIGH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of William Ramsey, de-
ceased.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of John
Dougherty.
Both the last mentioned bills were read the first
time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr, LEIGH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an unfavorable report upon
the petition of the representatives of Leonard
Cooper, deceased; and the committee were dis-
charged from the further consideration of the same.
Mr. MOORE, from the same committee, made
unfavorable reports upon the petitions of Margaret
Riker, the representatives of Elizabeth Goodwin
and Margaret Leitch, ofM. St. C. Clarke agent
of the State of Georgia, of the heirs of Samuel
Clagett and George Richards; of Joseph Boggy,
heir OJT Joseph Placy; of the heirs of James Davis;
of the heirs of Thomas Wert; of the heirs of
Francis Cazesu. and the heirs of Henry Irwin.
LAND   SCRIP   TO   HOLDERS   OP UNLOCATED
MILITARY LAND WARRANTS.
On motion of Mr POINDEXTER, the Senate
took up for consideration the bill authorizing the
issuing of scrip to holders of unlocated military
land wairants; when, on his motion, it was post-
poned to, and made the special order for, Friday
next.
PRINTER TO THE SENATE.
Mr. PRESTON submitted the following reso-
lution;
That on Thursday next the Senate will proceed
to the election of a printer.
REPRESENTATIVES   OP  LIEUTENANT   ROB-
ERT JEftETT.
The bill for the relief of the peisonal represent-
atives of the late Lieutenant Robert Jewett, was
read the third time and passed.
BRIG DESPATCH.
On motion of Mi. SHEPLEY, the Senate con-
sidered, as m Committee of the Whole, the bill
for the lehet of the owneie of the brig Despatch,
and the same was oidered to be engrossed for a
thud reading.
HOUSE   BILLS   RETERRED.
The following bilK from the House were sev-
erally read the fiiat and second tune, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions:
A bill for the relief of Enoch Blaisdell;
A   bill granting  petibions  to  certain  peisons
theiein named,
A  bill gianung a pension to John W. Willey,
and for increasing the pension of George Fields,
A bill granting a pension to William Slooum;
A bill granting a pension to VVnliam Wilges,
A bill tor the relief of Samuel M   Anbury,
A billgianting a pension to Fiancis F  St Omr,
A bill for the telief of ceitam invalid pensioners
therein named;
A bill granting a pension to Joseph Mead,
A bill tor the lehcf of John Dal, of Mame
A bill foi the relief Simeon Meachum
A bill gianung a pension to Lake Vooihise,
A  bill granting a pension to Colonel Gideon
Morgan,
A billgianting a pension to Benjamm Leslie,
A bill granting a pension to William Baden and
James Harrington,
A bill for the relief of John Aston;
A bill for the relief of Ephiaim F  Gilbert;
A bill granting a pepMon to ¡st.ac Cartel;
A bill giuntmg a pension to John Gerodelle;
A bill for the relief oeSamuel Snelmeidme,
A bill for the relief of Thomas Moiton,
A bill to niñease the pen" on of Origen Eator;
A bill granting a pension to John W   Cox;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Swartwood,
A bill granting an airearage of pension to Ed-
ward Nicholson.
A bill for the relief of Abram E. Boutw^lland
David Pearson;
A bill granting a pension to Robert Lucas;
A bill for the relief of George McFadden;
A bill for the relief of Simeon S. Morrill and
Theophilus Beekman;
A bill for the relief of George C. Seaton,
A bill granting a pension to Larned Swallow,
A bill granting a pension to John Bryant;
A bill granting a pension to Noah Miller;
A bill placing Captain Cole, a Seneca Chief, on
the pension roll;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Holland;
A bill for the relief of William Keller;
A bill granting a pension to Justus Cobb;
A bill granting a pension to L L. Van Velken-
burg;
A bill granting a pension to Isaac Eckingle;
A bill for the relief of William C. Beaid,
A bill for the relief of Jacob Stewart;
A bill for the relief of Elijah Blodget;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Simpson;
A b>ll for the relief of Thankful Randall;
A bill for the relief of Colonel Daniel Newnan;
A bill for the relief of Peter Tuplett;
A bill for the íelief of Peter Doxtator and J.
Weaver;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Gilbert;
A bill for the relief of the widow and heirs of
Samuel Southerland,
A bill for the relief of Timothy Jordan,
A bill for the relief of Daniel Page;
A bill for the relief of Walter Phillips;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth May;
A bill for the relief of Jared Buckingham;
A bill for the relief of Solomon Case;
A bill for the relief of the widow of Noah Chit-
tenden;
A bill for the relief of Colonel William Law-
rence; and
A bill to provide for paying certain pensioners
at Jackson, Tennessee.
RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURES OF GOVERN-
MENT.
The resolution submitted some days since by
Mr. Benton, calling on the President for certain
information to be furnished at the next session of
Congiess, was tak°n up for consideration.
Mr. POINDEXTER said that the resolution
was of a very extraoidmary chaiacter     He had
no objection to a call on one of the depaitments
or the Piesident hnusell for facts     But this call
was much moie compiehenstve than any other he
had ever seen.    It called foi speculative opinions.
He would propose, if it was to pass, to add to the
end of it, that the President bp requested to fur-
nish a treatise on banking, and a histoiy of his
Administration     It would be quite as app'icable
as the sul ject-matter of the lesoliUion.    Mr. P   i
1 said he objected to the lesolution, that it had a j
tendency to remind the Piesident of his constitu- i
tional duties, when he was bound to communicate
■  annually to   Congress  information on all these '
subjects.    To call foi  his opinions as to the ad- I
I mimstiation of the Government, came within the
| line of his constitutional duties Mr P said he
never had seen such a lesolution as this was,
either here or elsewhere     At the organization of |
¡ the Government, theie was an opinion seriously
held by the Demociaticsideof the House, that we
could not properly call on the Piesident for his
I opinion on any measuie involving the great inter-
ests of the country, and these were General Ham-
llto.i's views on this subject
Mr   P. said he oljetted  to this lesolulion on
I the giound of its hemp a proceeding suigeneiis
¡ At present he moved   to  lay the suiject on the [
table
I Mr BENTON" rose merely to ask the yeas and
nays upon this disposition of the resolution            ¡
1     Mr POINDEX TCR intimated his willingness
■  to call it up on Wednesday next, and Mr. BEN-
TON then withdrew his call, and the resolution
1 was laid on the table                                                   ,,
■                         BLACIv ROCK HARBOR.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr
i Tomjlifson, on Saturday last, was taken up, con-
t sidettd, ard adopted.
i Resolved, That the Committee on Commeice
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation for the preservation of
Black Rock harbor, on the northerly side of Long
Island Sound.
JAMES L. STOKES.
The bill for the relief of James L. Stokes was
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and, on
motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, was laid on the
table.
PAUL POISSOT.
The bill for the relief of Paul Poissot was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, and, on
motion of Mr. PORTER, was laid on the table.
LAWS POR THH DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The bill to provide a system of laws for the Dis-
trict of Columbia was taken up, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TYLER said the bill proposed to enact the
system of laws reported by the District Committee
two yeais ago. He said it was almost incon-
ceivable in what a state of confusion the laws of
this Distuct were placed. It would require too
much prolixity to enter fully into an examination
of them The cession of the District—these ten
miles_square—was made some thirty yeais since,
and some of the laws now in operation nere were
a centuiy in existence, some of which would put
a Christian man to blush Some of them, it is
true, are dormant, but they can be awakened
whenever an occasion presents. He objected to
the District of Columbia being made a great slave
mart. It is now a depot for the purchase of slaves
from the surrounding country—the States of Vir-
ginia and Maryland. The code of laws which is
proposed to be enacted by this bill attempts the
abolition of this practice of making the District a
depot for the puichase and sale oí slaves. The
punishment of the black population here is under
the existence of laws which are anything but
justifiable, and require gieat amelioration. As to
the judicial system, it cannot be in a woise situa-
tion than that in which the committee found it.
But that which is enough to break down the ener-
gies of any system, is the system of administering
the laws by the magistrates, which would be a
curse in any country. A host of justices of the
peace are living heie, with signs over their office
doois, which eeem like pioclaimmg, "justice
bought and sold here " He aid not say that this
state of things actually existed. But the state
of the laws holds out inducements to justices to
make fees by making business. There are also an
aimy of constables heie, who aie affiliated with
the justices, and each favor the other. The sys-
tem makes the justice dependent upon his fees;
andwhenevei your system makes the judicial offi-
cer dependent upon his fees, you make him, in-
stead of being an officer of the peace, a disturber
of the peace. He spoke now of no paiticulai
individuals But the bill proposed to reform these
evils, which will save to the Distuct, in fres alone,
some thirty or forty thousand dollars At present
nothing is found more profitable to the magistrates
than to get up assaults and battel íes— die more
witnesses that are biought up, the more fees aie
obtained. Mi. T said he had heard accusations
of this sort, though no case had fallen under his
own obseivation He thought the committee had
proposed a judicial scheme which would savefiom
thirty to foity thousand dollars m official fees.
The business of the courts, when examined, it
would be seen, progressed tatdily. Onlyonecouit
existed for eveiy species of criminal business, and
the same court was at the same time invested with
the most extensive civil junsdietion He did not
propose to enter fully into this question; but he
thought thus much was necessnry and due to thrf
Senate, as well as to the people of the District
He would have prefened that bills should be
reported, and passed one by one, until a code of
good laws should be mide, but ne would be very
will satisfied if the Senate would |>assthe bill and
enact the system now It was impossible that the
code could be undeistood by an examination of it
alone.
Mr T "having concluded,
Mr CALHOUN moved to Uy the bill on the
tab'e, for ttie puipose of proceeding to the special
order; which was agreed to.
THE FOUR YEARS' LAW.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
