1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
257
then propose to consider the resolution to which .
he had referred.
The House refused to order the yeas and naya
on the motion to postpone                                          j
Tlie question was th°n taken, and the resolution
was postpored—yeas 78, nays G3
Mr ALLAN, of Kentucky, moved to take up
a resolution, reported by the Committee on Ter-
ritories, setting apart a day for the consideration
of bills reported from said committee.
It was objected to
Mr McKINLEY again moved to take up the
resolution fixing a day for the election of printer.
He thought it should be disposed of. If the House
was opposed to the resolution, or to the election
of a printer, their determination should be made
known.
The SPEAKER, said the motion was not in
order, the reoolution reported by the Committee
of Elections, proposing to pay Mr. Letcher his
per diem and mileage during the last session,
hav mg precedence
Mr McKlNLEY moved to postpone this res-
olution until to-morrow, which was disagreed to—
yeas 74, nays 81
The resolution was then taken up
when neither was permitted to take a seat. He un-
derstood the usage of the House to be that a gen-
tleman contesting the right of a sitting member to
his seat, was paid mileage to meet the expense of
travelling to the seat of Government to assert an
imporlant constitutional right. This rule was
founded in a desire to protect the right of suffrage,
and to enable one otherwise without adequate
means, to assert his rights It was stated by the
committee at the last session that Mr Letcher
was entitled to the certificate of election from the
sheriffs. If he had received it, the case would have
been but that which always before occurred, of
one sitting and another contesting his right to the
seat, and Mr. Letcher's right to his pay would
have been undoubted The House did not permit
him to take his seat, but resolved that, "it being
impracticable to determine with any certainty,
who is the rightful member, there should be a new
election," that election has been held, and Mr
Letcher is elected. He would pay Mr. Moore
mileage, but he could not give him more.
Mr BEARDSLEY was in favor of paying each
of the gentlemen their mileage, for the reasons
which had been assigned by the gentleman from
i Virginia, [Mr Masont ]   Beyond this he would
Tne Question being on the amendment offered i  not go.   As to Mr. Moore, as neither the House
X Iic-M                              f                     _     _____,,*       tv*--------       „~„ *Ua  *m.~ !o haA   AaniAaA   that   h/> W«fi pnlltlefl    tO
yesterday by Mr Hardin, to pay Mr. Moore
the same amount which was proposed to be paid
to Mr  Letcher,                                                            i
Mr VANDERPOELsaid.ashewasamember j,
of the Committee of Elections last year, and was
still connected with that committee, he would take '
the opportunity of saying a word about the res-j
oluuon and amendment under consideration.    It t
would be recollected that the committee had re- n
ported that Mr. Moore was duly elected, but had ¡
also reported that both gentlemen ought to be  ,
paid     The House decided that the,, question as to |
who was the elected member was a matter of so j
much doubt that it could not satisfactorily decide
it,and accordingly referred it to the people. This
tribunal had  decided in favor of Mr. Letcher,
and the committee could not,therefore, reasonably,
at least so far as it regarded Mr. Letcher, recede
from the ground it had taken last session     If the
House was then under obligation to pay either
party, that obligation was not discharged by any-
lluri" that had since transpired     To be sure, Mr  i
Letcner bad said, at the conclusion of the speech (
which he had made at the bar of the House, that f
without his seat he would not receive his pay, but
this did not absolve the House fiom its liability,
if it ever existed                     .
Mr V said he would vote for the amendment
offered by the gentleman fiom Kentucky, [Mr
Hardiv,] which proposed to pay Mr Moore, but
should that be rejecved, he would still vote to pay
Mr Letcher. i'he committee had proposed to
pay both, because they conceived Mr. Moore to
be the certificated member, and because both the
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mason ]
The people had decided the matter refeired to
them. In conclusion, he hoped the resolution
would be adopted. He should also be in favor of
paying Mr. Moore his mileage. He thought he
wasjustly entitled to jt,and it had been the usual
practice heretofore to allow mileage to unsuccess-
ful claimants to seats upon this floor.
Mr. BURGES said the committee who investi-
gated this subject at the last session, decided in
favor of Mr Moore, and the House determined
that they could not decide either way, and sent
the gentlemen back to the people. He contended
that these contested elections should be ínvesti-
gated%t the expense of the Government It was
proper to encourage the purification of elections.
No person should be admitted to his seat where
there was any doubt as to his light. He would
pay a man who came here to contest an election.
If this was not done, great advantage would be
given to a nch individual, who might come in
conflict with a poor man, who was unable to
undergo the expense of asserting what he^mighfc
conceive to be his rights It was upon this
principle that he voted to pay Mr Letcher; and
upon the same principle he would vote to pay
Mr Moore
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, said that as
both of the gentlemen were brought and kept
here by the operation of law, he could not for his
life see any difference between the two. He felt
it to be his duty to vote for the original proposi-
tion, and he should also vote for the amendment,
as he could not make a distinction between the
parties
Mr. CLAY said it would be recollected that
there was much unprofitaDle discussion at the last
session in relation to this contested election. It
seems that the same thing was again likely to take
place His purpose was to submit a motion,
which would bring the debate to a close, previous
to which he would make a remark or two. He
agreed wuh the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Masun,] that the question as to which of the
gentlemen was entitled to the seat, was in effect
referred to the people. They had determined that
question Could we with propriety cavil at their
decision> As he remarked on a former occasion,
he was m favor of paying Mi Moore as much as
the practice of the House would sanction. What
that should be he knew not. He thought that
the subject should be referred to a committee,
that the precedents might be examined, who
could report a resolution, allowing Mr. Moore
what might be found to be right and proper. He
was in favor of doing ample justice to Mr. Moore.
The present   resolution  ought   to   be  adopted.
nor the people had decided that he was entitled to
the seat, it was improper to pay him his per diem
In relation to the other gentleman, [Mr. Letcher,]
the House having declared that it could not decide
who was entitled to the seat, had ordered a new
election, and the question was referred back to the
people, not as was supposed by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] by way of appeal, or to
decide the question which was before the House,
but that they might choose a representative, with-
out reference to the former election, or the contest
which had grown out of it. Mr Letcher had
been chosen. It had been said that this was the
first instance in which it was proposed to give full
nay to both the individuals claiming a seat in the
House. If this principle was established, there
might be three or four competitors, and instead of
paying the usual sum of eight dolíais per day, we
should have to pay sixteen, twenty-four, or thirty
two dollars per day. He repeated, in conclusion,
that he should not object to paying each oi the
gentlemen their mileage, but no more
Mr JONES, of Geoigia, said this was a pecu-
liar case Oidmarily, in contested elections, one of
the parties was admitted to the seat in the first in-
stance, and if he was displaced, he was entitled to
full pay up to the time of the decision. The suc-
cessful claimant, in such case, was also paid from
the commencement of the session.   In the present
r.í^"™.ír¿7=^"3 :*=£ss;>:.- ■'""'" * '*"<*",,,y
here, by the course adopted by the House, he
thought that each should be paid the usual per
diem, and mileage     He entered into a history of
of the last session, in relation to
be tne certmcateu meiiiu«, a..u —^-— -    ;  ,          ,    n'0(.eedmo- of the   ast session, in relation to
genJemen had been detained hereunder tho rder        ^¿q    &nd m conc,USIon dec,ared
of the House    The claim of Mr J-*<*" cer      fan   mtentlon t0 vote for the amendment and the
tainly was not weakened by a decision in his tavor     nis  a    
by the tribunal (the people) to which the case     res¿luU£^NE     ^  a contegted election was the
was  referred      Still, he would, for the reasons   1     Mr MC*£                                        and nQt the
before stated, and in accordance with what the     vounta.y acto    he p ^   J     ^ Hqu
committee had  recommended last year.vote to     act ot tne «ot ^ ^           ^ ^^ had been
*...,.       .,     -nu— n« ..irQi! nt >in satisfactory
pay both     This  was a very peculiar case, and     "™"4Pb^eV" f hey arrived at no satisfactory
'   "    """........"'"                       conclusion, and thequestion was referred back to
would not probably very soon occur again
While, therefore, he should,on a proper occasion,
be willing to examine the claim of Mr Moore in
a spirit of liberality, he felt constrained to move
the previous question.
The motion was not seconded.
Mr POLK called for the orders of the day-
yeas 93, nays 64.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States, which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims:
To the Iloxm of Representatives of the United States:
would prefer having the cases or claims of eacn    eon             ,     ^ ^^    They h d declded m                     ^ ^ ^ Houge of Represe„tauves, for
gentleman brought before the House in theflaPe    "' £    'f M     Letcher    He believed it was not               consideration, a petition to the Congress of
of disunct propositions, that one might not
barrass the other   but, as the amendment was                                          clr,.u„lora„„., „- -----
proposed, he would vote for it and repeated that,    üemen     t ¿                 ^       d]em_    He would
it rejected, he would vote for the original resolu-    vote to pay                              ^ ^ mM do WIth
oroper"foi'the House to give full pay to both gen-    [hf¡ üm[ed States> from Adelaide Giasse de Gro
K       *              rr    J..   .U-     ,-n,imotolirP'!.   lie   COUIU    nOt                                            ~       "                                                 '"
tlernen     Under the circumstance'?,
Mr LETCHER said he did not rise by any
mean, to argue the question before the House
That he did not intend to do, but his object was
to place himselr itctus t  cmia He hid, at tne
Inst session, disclaimed taking the proffered com-
pensation, u-übout the «at, but he had never said
that he wo ,ld take no pay if he got the seat «id
now hav.ns obtained it, through trials and tribuía
tions, the quesuon was a very different one irom
what it «.as at the list session . , ,, „ .,, „..
Mr M \SON, of Virginia, said that hecouldI not
vote for the amendment proposed by the gen tie
man from Kentucky Us effect was to gue tothe
two gentlemen pay as members of this House
during the nrst session of the present Confess,
vote to pay I
re!Mra EVANS entered into a his'ory of thepro-
ceedings, at the last session, connected with the
cont ested election, and contended that it would  I
be a bad precedent to give full pay to the unsuc-
cessful claimant to a seat m the Hous.e.                   n
M    CLAYTON, after adverting to the action I
of the House at the last session, contended that it
was not proper for the House to pocket the money
or retain it'in the Treasmy which of right^be-1
longed to a member from Kentucky    The House
had determined, at the l^t sesston, to «Amu the
question of fact as to which of the gentlemen |
were entitled to a seat, to a jury of the people.
The question had been very properly stated by 1
champs, one of the surviving daughters of the
Count de Grasse, together with the letters which
Translations of these are also
ANDREW JACKSON.
1835.
accompanied
sent
Washin'gtom, 16£fe Fehuaiy,
Mr WATWOUGH moved to postpone all the
previous orders of the day, for the purpose of
taking up the bill to regulate the pay of the Navy.
Mr POLK demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and were—yeas 110, nays 103
So the motion pi evaded.
iNAVY PAY BILL.
The House then took up the bill to regulate the
pay of the Navy of the United States
P The question pending was on  the following
amendment, offered by Mr Pope
<• That the bill, with its amendments, be sub-
