266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
dexter, Porter, Robbins, Smith, Southard, Tyler,
Waggaman, Webster, White—22.
NAYS—Messrs. BelK, Benton, Black, Brown,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clayton, Pr^lmghuysen,
Hendricks, Hill, King of Georgia, Knight, Mor-
ris, Naudam, Prentiss, Preston, Ruggles, Shep-
ley, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, Tomlinson,
Wright—23.
So the Senate refused to order the bill to be
engrossed.
THE FOUR YEARS' LAW.
The Senate then proceeded to the special order,
being the bill to repeal the act limiting the term
of certain officers, commonly called the four years'
law.
Mr. GRUNDY resumed and concluded his re-
marks in opposition to the bill, when
Mr. BIBB rose and.said, he did not intend to
enter into a debate on this question, but to bring
forward certain facts which the honorable Sena-
tor from Tennessee [Mr. Grundy] had found con-
venient to pass over. The'Senate were aware
that by extracting certain passages and paragraphs,
facts might be made to appear far different from
what they really were. That honorable Senator
had, by reading sentences from the bill, and re-
ferring to former votes on the subject, ingeniously
attempteu to place gentlemen there in the pre-
dicament of having changed their opinions on this
subject. Mr. B. then went on to show, by read-
ing from documents, and to explain how the for-
mer bill on that subject had been disposed of, and
in such a way as he thought would exculpate Sena-
tors from the charge brought against them.
Mr. CLAYTON rose, he said, to correct the
statement made by the Senator from.Tennessee
[Mr. Gründy] with regard to the resolution call-
ing upon the President for his reasons for making
a removal in a certain instance. The honorable
Senator had mentioned that as the only instance of
the kind; but he believed there were many more.
Mr. C. then mentioned several other instances
where the Senate had called on the President for
his reasons. Among others he referred to the
proceedings with respect to the "Panama mis-
sion," and the case of the dismissal of certain
military officers, where the nominees had been re-
jected, not on account of any objection to them,
but because the Senate thought that others ought
to have the places.
Mr. C. had no doubt of the propriety of calling
upon the President for information with regard
* to dismissals. But the question before the Senate
was, not whether the President had the power of
removal, or not, but whether Congress had a right
to regulate that power by law or not. lie was
«ware that the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Ewinc] had placed the question on the ground of
the constitutionality of that power; and it might,
perhaps, be so nearly allied to this bill as to come
within the scope of discussion; but still that was
not the question to be decided by the Senate.
Mr. C. d,d not deny the right of removal; he
stood on the same ground as the decision of 1798.
In this, he differed with most of his political
fiiends. He also differed with the opposers of
the bill, inasmuch as he thought that the power
flawed, not from the general grant, that all ex-
ecutive power should be vested  in the President,
but in that part where it says the President shall
see the law executed; and hence it might be regu-
lated by law. Impeachment seemed to be the
only restraint on executive power contemplated
by the Constitution. And where that power was
exercised by.the President for self-aggrandizement
and political purposes, all would agree that be
ought to be impeached. But how was he to be
impeached?   That was a difficult question.
Mr. C. said the only control the Senate had over
the power of removal was the right of rejection.
And if a meritorious officer, who had discharged
his duty with fidelity ami good faith, should be
removed, the only remedy was to reject the parti-
san who might be nominated by the President to
fill his place; and this he would do, rejecting the
first, the second, third, and soon,od: infinitum.
Such was the maxim he had laid down as the rule
of his conduct, and without information he should
not know how to act. He thought the Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Grundy] had artfully at-
tempted to give the question a political cast.    He
deprecated such a course, and hoped the question
would not be decided by a party vote.
Mr. C. was anxious that the reasons of the Presi-
dent should be brought to light and spread before
the people. It was a favor that every dismissed
officer had a right to demand. The charges had
been made, and would be filed away in the re-
cesses of the Post Office or some other office.
The accused would be debarred from ever seeing
or knowing what they were, and some fifty years
afterwards, these charges, made against him by
a political enemy, and lodged on the records of some
department, might be brought forward against his
posterity. For such reasons he should vote for
the bill.
. Mr. CUTHBERT had the greatest respect for
the intelligence, learning, and moral qualities of
the honorable Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clay-
ton.] He would appeal to him, what would be
the effect if the doctrine he had advocated should
be carried out, that of strenuously rejecting ail
appointments, if not made to suit his own notions?
He would ask the Senator if, in thus acting, he was
himself free entirely from party motives ? And if
the Senate acted from party motives, would it not
be impeachable as well as the President? What
would be the character, then, of the Senate? It
.vould be perpetually occupied in examining "rea-
sons and rejecting nominations. He would repeat,
what would be the character of the Senate?
Mr. CLAYTON replied briefly. The Senate
was not impeachable; but there is another remedy
provided to correct abuses in that body. But the
President was impeachable.
Mr. CUTHBERT replied in a few words;
when
Mr. POINDEXTER, rising, expressed an
intention, if the debate was to be continued, of
offering his views on the subject under consider-
ation.
The question was called for from different parts
of the House; but Mr. CALHOUN moved to
.adjourn; which was agreed to.
When the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, iltiriutri/19, 1835.
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD rose, and stated that
his name had been inadvertently omitted in the
yeas and nays on the engrossment of the navy
pay bill. He had voted in the negative on that
question, and he moved that his vote be recorded;
which was agreed to.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHINN, on leave, presented resolutions
of the General Assembly of Virginia, on the sub-
ject of certain revolutionary claims; which were
laid on the table and directed to be printed.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of certain
Choctaw Indians; which was read twice and com-
muted.
Mr. CHINN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill concerning the
orphans'court of the county of Washington, in
the District of Columbia; which was read twice,
and, committed.
Mr. CHINN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was rejected:
Resolved, That this House vyll, on Monday
next, from and after the hour of twelve, proceed
to consider bills reported by the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. GILMER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill to secure in perpetuity to
the Cherokee Indians residing east of the Missis-
sippi, a country west of that river; to extinguish
their rights of ownership in Georgia; to provide
for the removal of such as are desirous of emigra-
ting, and for other purposes; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. GILMER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill making appropriations for holding
Indian treaties; which was read twice and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. VANDERPOEL, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, reported a bill to incor-
porate the Alexandria Savings Society; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, reported a bill for the suppression
of lotteries, and the sale of lottery tickets, in the
District of Columbia; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. P1NCKNEY, from a special committee,
reported a bill for the relief of ihe legal represent-
ative of Thomas W. Bacot, late of Charleston,
South Carolina, deceased; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. C. ALLAN, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported, with an amendment, a bill from
the Senate, granting to the corporation of the
borough of Mackinaw a lot of ground for public
purposes. The amendment was adopted, and the
bill ordered to be read a third time.
Mr. YOUNG, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported, without amendment, the
bill from the Senate for the relief of George Hurl-
but; which was committed.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill to fix the number and
compensation of the officers of the customs, and
to alter certain collection districts; which was read
twice, committed to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and made the special
order of the day for Thursday next.
On motion of Mr. SUTHERLAND, two thou-
sand extra copies of the foregoing bill were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, from the same commit-
tee, reported, without amendment, the bill from
the Senate making an appropriation for certain
improvements at Mobile Point, and in Mobile bay;
which was committed.
Mr. MUHLENBERG, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of the legal representative of Captain John Wil-
son, deceased; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. MAY, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an unfavorable report upon a
petition which had been referred to said committee.
Mr. KINNARD, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, madean unfavorable report on
the petition of John M. S. McKnight, administra-
tor of Dr. Charles McKnigllt.
Mr. KINNARD, from the same committee,
made an unfavorable report on the petition of
Marcus Brown.
Which reports were severally ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SEVIER made an appeal to the House to
take up and order to a third reading several bills
which had some days previous passed through
committee relating to the Territories, and which
were of great importance to those concerned. He,
however, varied his motion, to allow Mr. Hawes
an opportunity of making a report from a com-
mittee.
WERT POINT ACADEMY.
Mr. HAWES, from the select committee
raised on the subject, made a report, accompanied
by a bill to modify the system of military instruc-
tion in the West Point ^cademy; which was read
twice.
Mr. HAWES moved that thebill be committed
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and that the bill, together with the report,
be printed.
Mr. DICKERSON called for the reading of the
bill; which being read,
Mr. D. rose and said, Mr. Speaker, I regret
that I am called upon to attempt to arrest the prog-
ress of the committee, and particularly át this
stage of their proceeding. But I consider it my
duty, now, here to object, not only to the printing
of this report, but to its reception in this House
as the report of the committee.
As to the duties and privileges of committees of
this House, I contend, in the first place, that it is
necessary that every member should be present,
or have an opportunity of being present, at the
meetings of the committee, and if they have not
that opportunity, no report can be made which
can with propriety be considered the report of
that committee.
