1-35.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   271
Mr. WAGGAMAN requested that the motion
mHit be withdrawn for a moment.
Mr. CLAY. I withdraw the motion. Let the
debate go on.
Mr. W. continued. The expense of these estab-
lishments would not be more than from thirty
to thirty-two thousand dollars a year at New
Orleans, and fifteen thousand dollars at each of
the other two places in the South. The mint (he
said) had paid nearly all its expenses out of the
half per cent, retained upon coinage. He hoped
the honorable member would not make any ob-
jection to the bill.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the bill was laid
on the table, and the amendments were ordered to
be printed.
THE FOUR YEARS' LAW.
The Senate resumed the bill to repeal the law
limiting the terms of certain officers, it being on
its final passage.
Mr. P01NDEXTER said that since this sub-
ject had leen under the consideration of the Sen-
ate, he had felt anxious to express his opinions
It opened  before  us the
Mr. C. said he had been unjustly dealt with"
He had been represented as saying that all the
officers of Government were the supple tools of
executive power. That was far from his meaning;
he believed there were many upright and con-
scientious officers. But his fears were for the
future; he had seen within a few years persons
of the noblest spirit and purest intentions, quail
before that magic influence, which has. power
over all, and before which the loftiest bow down.
Before it, Roman firmness had been broken; and
every manly virtue blasted beneath its withering
influence. 'And whoever contended for that power
upheld a mighty influence, which would swallow
up our free institutions.
There was (said Mr.C )an immense amount of
discretionary power, which must be vested some-
where, and he thought it should be intrusted with
Congress, as the immediate representatives of the
people. The President was sufficiently protected
by his negative over the laws of Congress. And
here he differed with his honorable friend from
Maryland  [Mr.  Kent]  in  regard  to the veto
upon  us principles.'    It opened  before  us the    power of the Executive.    He believed that power
whole theory of our Government.   But from re- ! ^s granted not ody as a protection aga.nst the
Let to the Senate, and a belief that it had been  i encroachments of Congress, but also to prevent
amply discussed to enable the people to understand  1^11 law* which might embarrass him in the per-
it, lie would not take up the time of the Senate by
entering far into the discussion.    He had wished
in particular to examine the doctrine of implied
powers.    He denied the whole theory altogether.
The executive (lowers of the President were de-
rived fiom legislative enactments.    There was no
such thing as  implied  powers in any branch of
the Government.    Where power  was given, it ¡
was expressly declared and specified in the Con- <
stitution.    There was another point he wished to ,
have discussed—that was the'power of impeach
ment—but he would forbear
formance of his duties.   The judicial department
i was  fortified  by its permanence and  tenure of
office.
í Mr. C. said that if they wished to have the
| public business transacted faithfully, the officer
1 should be made safe, as sure of his place as if it
1 were a freehold. Such should be the policy of
] the Government, unless they meant that offices
\ should be the spoils of victory, and be divided
like conquered lands in former times. Every
President ought to rejoice in the opportunity of
| i giving his reasons and explaining his conduct to
I! the people. •
Mr. C. weTit on to state, that the doctrines con-
! tained in the bill were precisely the same as those
I which had been advocated by the friends of this
Administration, and upon which it came into
■ power. He held the grounds of canvass sacred;
i pledges should be redeemed, and assurances given
i to the people be scrupulously fulfilled.
| Mr. C. said the Senator from New York [Mr.
I Wright] had attempted to show there was no
I danger from the multitude over which executive
I power was exercised.    He then went on to show
Mr. CALHOUN said the third section of the
bill, involving the question whether the power of
removal resided in the President by the Constitu-
tion or not, was one of no ordinary character.
Upon its decision momentous consequences de-
pended; he believed the future destinies of this
Government rested on that decision. But that
subject had been ably discussed by gentlemen
qualified for the task, and he would not occupy
the time of the Senate by repeating their argu-
ments.    He intended to confine himself to a single
point.                                                       ~„, j„:,v,., !| that there was danger—an irresistible influence
Mr.C said the power of removal existed either j               tfc           ^J div¡sion and subdivision of
as a power necessary and proper for carrying into , ■                        *     H      ferred t0 rotat,on in office;
effect the provisions of the Constitution, or as an    ™l.6lra.' a .                                          ....
express grant of that Constitution.    If it  was |
necessary for carrying into effect the Constitution, ¡
it was more properly a legislative than an execu-
tive power.                                  . .       .,„_„     ..
Mr. C. had relied on thedecision of L«9 as the
true and proper exposition of the Constitution,
until last winter, when his attention was particu-
larly called to the subject. He then took up the
subject and looked over the debate of that time.
He thought the arguments of the minority exhib-
ited a just view of the question and viere unan-
swerable. "                                                     , , .
Mr. C. said some Senators had grounded their
arguments on the supposition that this power was
contained in that general sweep, where all execu-
tive power is granted to the Piesident. Others
maintain that ft was an inherent power; but he
disagreed with both opinions. Mr. C. wished to
lurirto the practical operations and see how these
powers would work. Among so many construc-
tions theie could be no Government.
' he thought where the offices were filled by the
, people, rotation might be practised; but where
: they were filled by the will of a single man, it
tended to make slaves and supple tools of men.
I     The debate  was further continued  by Mr.
KANE and Mr. TALLMADGE, in opposition
; to the bill.
Mr. HILL said: Mr. President, it will be per-
¡ ceived that the principles of the bill which has
S passed the Senate, relating to appointments of
¡I postmasters, comes in direct conflict with the bill
I i under consideration. The Post Office bill assumes
il for the Senate the power of deciding on the ap-
!] pointment of all postmasters in those post offices
i Í the net proceeds of which amount to one thousaud |
li dollars annually;  and to make the power of the i
i i Senate felt in those appointments, it makes pro-1
i! vision that the postmaster shall continue in office
¡¡only four years!    This bill, changing the tenure ¡
i ¡by which  every considerable postmaster in the .
Every offi- '\ country shall hold his office, is recommende^ by
cer,  frou'rtíür'Piesident down to the constable,
must show some grant of power, either from the
Constitution   or  law.    Congress was  the  great
central  point where all power must receive its
sanction and direction, instead of being directed •
according to the views of separate and conflicting
departments.    If the different departments of the
Government should be placed hostile array against
each ether, it was easy to see which would prevail.
The President executed the laws, and was clothed ,
with their authority; he put all the machinery ot ,
Government in motion, and without him the laws .
were   poweiless;   the   judicial  department might ;
decide upon the propriety and application of the
laws, but the President must enforce their decís- ,
ions.   Hence it was easy to see which uepartment ¡
would prevail in the conflict.
¡rentlemen who are the strong friends of repealing ¡
, that law, which limits all other officers to a term ;
i of four years. So it appears, when the Senate is ¡
' arasping at more power for itself, it adopts a
I principle directly m the face of that which it
repudiates when it would deprive the President of
■ his constitutional power.
I      Some   persons,  for  a   few   years   past,   have
' seemed to manifest a longing desire that the ben-
i ate should have a hand in the management of the
executive departments beyond the power the feen-
, ate possesses as a coordinate branch of the Legis-
.! lature.  The new mo'de of appointment will enable
: them to punish those postmasters who shall have
the independence to express their opinions on any
matter which may be adverse to the opinions of a
majority of the members of the Senate—to pro-
scribe, " for opinion's sake," every man as a par-
tisan who shall have the hardihood to act with the
mass of the people, in any public meeting adopt-
ing resolutions that shall speak the language of
freemen in relation to the acta of every public
man, and every body of public men.
Did the Senate intend, by making every valua-
ble post office dependent on their will, to create a
new corps of "supple and subservient tools,"
such as the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clav]
described on Wednesday, as being first put to
" silence," and afterwards compelled to become
" neutrals" in politics. The Senator complained
of the postmasters in Ohio, who had the hardi-
hood to attend a political convention in that State.
Doubtless the Senator would like to lay his hands
on these offenders who have had the presumption
to act with others of their fellow-citizens, and
express their opinions in relation to public men;
and the bill of the Senate will give warning to all
postmasters not again to offend in like manner.
There seems to be a sort of hydrophobia dread
of removals from office whenever a certain party
is at the bottom of the wheel. The Senator from
Kentucky says the principle of dismissing men
from office is a new principle—that it commenced
about six years ago, when General Jackson first
came into office. So great has been the burden on
the mind of the Senator since that time, that he
may be readily excused for not recollecting what
took place during the Administration immediately
preceding that of General Jackson. Does he
remember that the editors of two principal Dem-
ocratic newspapers in Maine and New Hamp-
shire, which had " done the State some service"
while contending in a fearful minority during the
war with Great Britain, were proscribed because
they would not put on and wear the then execu-
tive collar ? Does he recollect the declaration then
made by a Secretary of State [Mr. Clay] relative
to one of those newspapers when the Represent-
atives of the State requested his reasons for pro-
scribing its editor, that he would " have no neu-
trals.'"' Does he remember that this Secretary
proceeded to make these removals, as was stated
at the time, even against the wishes, or without
consulting the Representatives of the people of '
those States?
The Senator has complimented the veteran
Gerry for his opposition to the doctrine of execu-
tive removals in the Congress of 1789. If he had
been conversant with Gerry's administration,
while at the head of the executive of Massachu-
setts, in 1810 and 1811, he would have seen that
he carried the doctrine of removals, in just retal-
iation of the universal proscription by the opposite
party, much farther than it ever has been carried
by President Jackson. The name of the revolu-
tionary patriot was made a by-word with the
aristocracy of Massachusetts, because he had the
independence to prefer his own political friends to
his political enemies, in his appointments to office.
He was even arrested for debt on the day of the
annual election, by his political enemies, to show
their spite for his fidelity to the Democratic party.
The Senator says the people of the West cannot
and will not submit to the turning out of officers;
and he seems to take it for granted that the pres-
ent Administration alone is guilty of the enormous
offence of preferring its friends to its enemies.
What has the Senator himself been doing for the
last six years ? Have not his nightly cogitations,
and his daily speeches, been directed to the busi-
ness of turning out the " hungry"and " haggard"
crew, who have obtained offices under General
Jackson ? Can any man believe the Senator would
have consented to the confirmation of any officer
differing in opinion with him, if he could, by with-
holding that consent, have forced the appointment
of one of his political friends?                             .
It would be difficult for any friend of the Admin-
istration in the Senate soon to forget the <■ armor
and the attitude" of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky during the session one year ago. 1 he
" Long and Hungry"* exultation at the old Han-
over election in Virginia, in which our friends were
turned out, and the Senator's friends were in the
full tide of success, had such an impression on my^
mind that I have been scarcely able to think o 
anything else than « Long and Hungry for office
every time I have cast my eye at the seat ot the
honorable Senator.   It was mQSt manifest, Mr.
