1-35.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
as it is admitted in theory—until a swift responsi-
'-ilny, on the part of public servants to their em-
jlyyeiv, shall ii6 confessed—until rotation in office
shall be considered a cattiinal pu¿pt in the re-
publican creed. Scarcely any man can come here
four or six yeo.r.3 without being committed on
some oneof those precedents which are taken as the
ground of unnecessary expenditure: he has some
i'jiend who wants a claim allowed, or he comes
from a section of the country where a handsome
appropriation for the improvement of some river;
the building of some can ..I or road; the erection of
some breakwater or light-house; the fortification of
some harbor—will do miníente good to his friends
and neighbors. He goes for that claim or that ap-
propriation; and when he has gone for it, he is
bound in ell good conscience to go for almost any
thing that shall he proposed by any other member
who has been so disinterested as to vote for his
proposition, i am quite certain that it would be fur
the mteitst of every member of Congress to come
here with the expectation that ho shuh not, in any
, event, continué in the House of Representatives
over four years, and in the Senate beyond six
years, and that he shall retire at any moment the
t.ct símil be ascertained he is misrepiesentmg the
voice of a majority of his constituents. Sure Í am
that the public interest will be better subserved
under the adoption of such a rule, than by continu-
ing a man once chosen for life, under the repudi-
ated rule of a repudiated politician, that, the action
of " the representative ought not to be palsied by
the will of ins constituents." 1, however, am will-
ing that eiv.h. Stale should regulate its oivi prac-
tice m relation to rotation in office. The party
with whom I act in the State of New Hampshire
is adopting a rule which, while it makes office ac-
cessible to every man who will deserve it, preserves
the puiity and economy and simplicity of its ad-
ministration.
it would be more for the interest of the public
service at the seat of Government if a salutary
system of rotation in office should be adopted
throughout. Many of the evils which now exist
here would be remedied by a change of officers.
The idea of dependence on the emoluments of
offi'e, is degrading to a republican freeman; and
it has derailed many who have spent their whole
lives as derka in the Departments, and died leav-
ing destitute families. 1 would have no man ex-
pect that he is to remain in office doing servile
duty, or no duty, for life. Jf a law should pass
providing that a man should not continue in any
one public employment over twelve years—if one-
third ot' al! the incumbents in bureaus of this city
should be compelled to gt> out every four years,
leaving their places to be filled by persons who,
within the limits of the States, have inhaled the
air of freemen, and know how to procure a live-
lihood without being paid an office salary—we
should find a different slate of things in the public
ofiT.-t-s; we tdiould create a popularon at the seat
of Government bearing some affinity to that in-
domitable sp-nt. of our countrymen which best
proviJes for itstif on us own resources. Weak-
ness «nid pu-nUjiimitv may always be expected
in that child which is taught to believe that its
parent will furnish its sole aliment.
1 do not doubt the time will speedily arrive
when offices of profit, depending as well on ex-
ecutive appointment as on elections by the peo-
ple, will be changed from one to another, till it
(¡hall bicorne a matter of course that each individ-
ual shall strive to qualify himf elf to discbarge the
duties of any office to which he may be called.
] would even be willing to see the postmasters
changeii where an incumbent has enjoyed a lu-
rraiive place for yrnrs.and his more needy neigh-
bor, who was c.-)ii )i!v capable and worthy, was in
a situation to disohnVi'e the duties of the office as
veil, or betier, than he had done, i would be
gUd to vvK'ies.i such a change, even when all were
"f the p'iriy rViendly to the Administration. As 1
know there never could he a change against us m
the elecüon of a President when a general turn-out
of all our ft lends m office would not take place,
fo could Í not count on the value of that ad-
vire from any piofessed political friend who tells
us that we ought, when we succeed in an elec-
tion ourselves, to let our enemies remain in quiet
possesion of all the offices in our Government de-
pending on the executive will.
| Believing the tendency of the bill will be to give
i the incumbents in office a life estate in their re-
! spective offices—that it will create a corps of men
; having intereais and feelings adverse to the spiiit
■ of om- republican institutions, and to the interests
, and feelings of the great body of the people, 1 will
1 record my vote against it.
J Nevertheless, as the bill seems likely to pass
t tbisbody with my regative, 1 am anxious ¡tshould
< pass with at leastone fe itnre which.1 can approve,
i í therefore move that the bill be recommitted, with
I instructions that the committee report the follow-
j mg additional section:
:     "Sectk>h4 Jl<ul he it further enacted, That the
i ' proceedings of the Senate in relation to all nom-
;' ¡nations of public officers by the President shall
' be with open doors, and that each member may
i ' rise in his place and assign his reasons for or
'atrainstt he con firmationo/tneperson nominated."
The reason for the Senate acting in public on
, nominations is of much greater force than in favor
of ihe President assigning his reasons for ihe re-
moval of officers.    The President cannot lose his
individual character in that of his office.   His rea-
sons, which are written, must all be made public,
sooner or later. The indignation of the individual
reported against,and that of his fiiends, will break
on his head alone, inducing even personal attacks,
as we have seen in the case of a late dismissed
officer of the navy.   Not so the proceedings of
the Senate—the individual there is lost in the cor-
porate or collective character of the body.  Hence,
if there be any propriety in requiring the Pres-
dent to communicate his reasons for the removal
¡of an officer, there is a much stronger reason why
the action of the Senate on all nominations made
by the President should be in full view of the
peoole.
Mr. H. concluded by asking theyeas and nays
upon his motion; which were ordered.
Mr. BEN TON then moved that the Senate
adjourn; which was not agreed to.
Mr, BENTON then spoke for some time to show
that this bill, and that reported by the committee
in 1826, were not identical, and was desirous of
recommitting it to have alterations made, so as to
make it conform to that bill in all particulars.
Mr. HILL then withdrew his motion, in order
to enable Mr. Benton to move its recommitment,
with the instructions indicated by him.
Mr. CALHOUN compared the two bills for the
purpose of showing that they were now identically
the same, with the exception of one or two words
indicated by Mr. Benton.
Mr. WEBSTER expressed his willingness to
see the bill altered, so as to make it exactly like
the bill of 1826.
Mr. LEIGH made some remarks upon the re-
commitment.
Mr. CUTHBERT desired the commitment, as
the bill was now presented under a new aspect. I
He strongly resisted hurrying so important a bill |
through at the close of a session where there was ]
no exigency requiring it.
Mr. WHITE took the same view of this bill as I
of the one of 1826.                                                     !
The recommitment was agreed to; and the com- j
mittee having obtained leave to sitduringthe sitting j
of the Senate, withdrew, and after a few minutes ¡
returned, when                                                            i
1V3 r. CALHOUN reported the bill amended in j
conformity with the instructions.                             ',
The bill was then considered as in Committee i
of the Whole, and the amendments were con-
curred in; when it was reported to the Senate.
Mr. HILL then renewed his motion to amend
the bill as before mentioned, and asked the yeas
and naya upon it; which were ordered.
Mr. POiNDEXTER opposed the motion as
going to change a rule of the Senate; to do this,
the proposition must lie on the table one day.
Mr, BUCHANAN expressed the hope that the
¿rentleman from New Hampshire would withdraw
his proposition. It was one which required con-
sideration, and it was now too late to give it that
attention which it required. He could not vote
for it on this account.
Mr. CALHOUN said the proposition goes to
establish rules for the Senate by law, when the
Constitution provides that each House shall make
its own rules for its own government.
The amendment was disagreed to by a vote of
yeas and nays—yeas 3, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Hill, Kane, Linn—3.
KAYS—Messrs. Bell, Bibb, Benton, Black,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, Clayton, Cuth-
bert, Ewing, Goklsborougo, Hendricks, Kent,
King of Alabama, King of Georgia, Leigh, Mc-
Kean, Manguro, Moore, Naudain, Poindexter,
Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Bobbins, Robinson,
Ruggles,Shepley,Silsbee, Smith,Southard, Swift,
Talimadge, Tipton, Tomhnson, Tyler, Webster,
White, Wnght—40.
The bill was thtn ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and at six o'clock,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 20, 1835.
Petitions and memorials were presented, on
leave, by Messis. BEATTY, LOYALL, VIN-
TON, POTl'S, and HANNEGAN.
On motion of Mr. BEATTY, the petition.of
Colonel Henry W. Francis, claiming pay for
horses stolen from his father in his lifetime, by the
Cherokee Indians, was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to.be printed.
On motion of Mr. BEATTY, the letter of the
Governor of Kentucky, and resolution of the Le-
gislature of that State in relation to the establish-
ment of a military school in said State, and a reso-
lution from the Legislature of said State in rela-
tion to the establishment of a national armory
therein, were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented sundry petitions
for the establishment of a post route from Michi-
gan City to Plymouth, in the State of Indiana;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS  FROM" COMMITTEES.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported, with amendments,
the bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of James Latham, deceased; which were
concurred in, and the bill ordered to he read a
third time.
Mr. C. JOHNSON, from the same committee,
reported, with amendments, the bill to confirm
certain land claims in the southeastern district of
Louisiana; which were concurred in, and the bill
ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill authorizing the employ-
ment of additional clerks in some of the depart-
ments.of the Government; which was read twice
and commuted.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill authorizing1 the issuing of
letters patent to John Howard Kyan. on certain
conditions; which was read twice, and postponed
to Friday next.
Unfavorable reports, upon various petitions,
were made by Messrs. POSTER and TOMP-
KINS, from their respective committees.
Mr. C. ALLAN, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported the following resolution; which
was rejected:
Resolved, That this House will, on Saturday, the
21st instant, from and after thehourofoneo 'clock,
p m., take up and consider bills relating to the
Territories.
Mr. E. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee
of Claims, submitted the following resolution;
■which was agreed to:
fiesoítteií, That it is expedient that the Solicitor
of the Treasury stay ail further proceedings in the
suits now pending, and judgments obtained in the
circuit court of the United States for the north-
ern district of New York, against so many of the
persons referred to in bill No. 3G9, reported on the
ISth of March, 1834, as may apply to him for that
purpose, by themselves or attorney, until the close
of the next session of Congress: Provided, That
the endorsers, or securities, in those instances
where they exist, shall assent to the staying of
further proceedings in the cases in which they at e
concerned, by a writing, to be.lodged* with the
said Solicitor.
Mr. SEVIER asked the House to consider cer-
tain billa relative to the Territories, which had
been reported by a Committee of the Whole.
