1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
'simple and effectual mode of retienchmg the
'supeifluous expenditure of the Government; to
' inuoduce a spirit of frugality and economy in the
' administration of public affairs; to correct the
'corruption and abuses of the Government, and,
' finally, to arrest the progress of power, is to heme
' the money in the pockets of those who made it, where
• all laws, human and divme, place u, and from
1 which itcannotbe removed by Governmentitself,
' except for its necessary and indispensable wants,
' without violation of its highest trust, and the most
' sacked principles of justice "
Mr H agreed cordially with the opinion here
expressed, and hoped that parts of this report would
be referí ed to as a text book for present and future
legislators
in conclusion Mr H said he saw no possible
advantage in the erection of three new mints, the
expenditure was unnecessary; it could not be
accompanied by corresponding benefits. He must,
therefore, continue to oppose the bill, as he had
heretofore done
Mr BLACK said he found himself in an un-
pleasant situation with respect to the bill before
the Senate He stood alone among the southern
delegation on this subject. He thought one
branch enough for the South. Tnere were objec-
tions to so many different branches on account of
the diversity of dies, and the difference in the
alloy that might be used at each place. He would
movea recommitment of the bill with instructions,
so to amend it as to strike out all the branches
except one, and that one to be located in either of
the States ofNorth Carolina, Georgia, or Louisi-
ana
Mr FRELINGHUYSEN said that he found,
bv the report of the directoi of the mint, that he
never intended more than one blanch m the gold
region, and one at New Orleans According to
the estimates of the director, (Mr F. said,) it
would be cheaper for the United States to pay for
transporting the gold to Philadelphia than to estab-
lish these branches.
Mr CLAY said he would acknowledge the
efficient support which the Senator from New
Hampshne [Mr. Hill] had brought to the op-
posers of the bill. Politics (said Mr. C ) made
strange bed-fellows sometimes of contending op-
ponents If the honorable Senator would always
stand on such firm giound, he would hug him
still closer to himself The occasion gave rise to
strange reflections For who would have thought
a few days ago, after hearing the eloquent appeal
of the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun-]
against the increase of executive patronage, that
the same Senator would so soon be advocating its
increase, and the Senator from New Hampshire
opposing it ?
Mr C. stud he would refer to the practical '
statements of the honorable gentleman from New j
Hampshire Here Mr C went into a calculation I
of the expense of transportation, &c , compared j
with 'hat of establishing these blanches                '
Mr  WAGGAMAN said, at that late period of j
the session to lecommit the bill was to destroy it,
as was well known to the mover
Mr. W. said the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Clay] had argued very disingenuously He had
deserted the high gtound on which his eloquence
had placed him, and resorted to ridicule in order
to defeat the bill.
Mr. W had made a calculation of the expenses
of transportation, and differed almost $100,000
fiom the statements of the Senator fiom Kentucky
Mi W. said New Orleans was the greatest ex-
porting city in the Union, and her prospects were
daily 'increasing It was the outlet of rivers
navigable more than thirty thousand miles, and
irrigating a countty capable of supporting a popu-
lation of more than 150,000,000 of inhabitants.
Mr. CLAY said a few words in reply.
Mr BROWN said, he regretted that the two
Senators [Mr Hill and Mr. Clay] who seldom
acted together, had taken that opportunity to use
their united effoits to defea  a bill in which his
State was so deeply interested. He had thought
the arguments exhausted on Saturday, and if the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr Clay] had labored
under any delusion as to the votes at that time, he
hoped the vote about to betaken would undeceive
him. He could assure the honorable Senator that
they did not come as mendicants to ask the chanty
of Government, but they came as citizens to claim
their rights.
Mr. CALHOUN said, they were not to be for-
ever neglected. There was a fundamental principle
which should be considered that this Government
was not a single community, but composed of
twenty-four separate and mdependentStates. The
individual rights of one part were not to be sacri-
ficed to the ideal welfare of the whole. The United
States had taken it into their own hands to regu-
late the coinage, and they were bound to supply
the wants of each section It must be borne in
mind that we were a community of States, united
for the benefit of the States. He had been ac-
cused of advocating an increase of executive
patronage He was opposed to every measure
tending to its increase, where the public wants did
not absolutely require it But we might as well
refuse the usual appropriations for fortifications,
of which the Senator from Kentucky is a strenuous
advocate
Mr. BLACK replied that he was not opposed
to establishing a blanch at New Orleans, but
thought the other two altogether unnecessary
Mr CALHOUN said the two branches in ihe
gold regions would be five or six hundred miles
apart, and the transportation must be carried on
wholly by land; therefore two was as necessary
as one.
Mr. CLAY said the Senator from North Caro-
lina had retorted upon him the accusation of favoi -
ing executive patronage, because he had voted in
favor of fortifications. To be sure, he was in
favoi of some fortifications, but not to the extent
marked out by the aspiring genius of that hon-
orable Senator The gentleman told us of the
necessary extensions of patronage of the Govern-
ment. All executive patronage (said Mr. O )
was founded on public necessities. All the extras
of that wretched department which had made all
sick at the heart—all Obadiah B Brown's extras,
were for public necessities.
The location of one of the branches in a country
(the Cheiokee country) yet held sacred by the
legislation of Congiess, was an insuperable objee |
tion. While the rightful owners of the lands
were in this city beseeching the protection of the
Goveinment, should they be turned away, in-
sulted by the establishment of a mint in their ter-
ritories ?
Mr CALHOUN explained his views of the
system of fortifications He did not think the
Indians had any claim on that portion of country
where the location was proposed to be made He
did not believe there was an Indian within thnty
miles of the place.
Mr. CÜTHBERT said, having heard the name
of his State mentioned so often, he felt himself
called upon to rise He would follow the course
which the Senate would wish him to follow; he
would use no expression which would provoke an
angry discussion, he would rest, where Georgia
rested, firm and at ease. Georgia did not wish
to agitate the Indian question there; she would
firmly persevere in her own course
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN said.he did not wish
to bring forwaid a discussion on the course that
Georgia had taken. She might pursue her course
as an independent State, but her actions should
not be sanctioned there. The American people
were bound by the most solemn treaties to pro-
tect that injured nation, now hunted down like a
partridge on the mountains. Georgia did not
plead here, as the Senator has said, but we should
plead here. He hoped the Senate would pause
before it tarnished the sacred honor of the nation
Mi KING, of Georgia, said he had been ac-
tively engaged in his duties on a committee, which
he could not abandon without a gross dereliction
of duly. He had not, therefore, heard the aigu-
ment on this subject, except what had just fallen
from the Senatoi fiom New Jeisey He under-
stood the objection of that Senator to the estab-
lishment of a branch of the mint id Georgia to be
that the territory on which the establishment was
to be made, was a subject of negotiation between
the United States and Georgia, the object of which
was to restore the country to the Cherokees He
said the validity of sucn an objection would rest
somewhat on the probability of success in any
such project Who believed that the country
would ever be receded by Georgia?    Did any
seriously purpose such nonsense?   Why should
we be influenced in a practical measure of legis
¡ation by connecting it with a measure impracti-
cable in its nature?
Mr K. said this "was a practical question, of
what is—and not a moral inquiry of what ought
to be? Whatever might have been the past his-
tory of the Indian country, it could not alter the
present condition of the country. Georgia, right
or wrong, could not now recede. Georgia ought
not to recede Georgia would not now recede.
The country was regularly organized—represent-
ed in the Legislature—and as fully incorporated]
with the State government as any other portion
of her territory. Why then speculate upon this
measure? It was said by the Senator who had
just taken his seat, that the honor of the Union
was concerned in obtaining back the Cherokee
lands to comply with solemn treaties. If we wished
to restore our national honor, we would have to
do something more than get back this country.
Where were the countless thousands of the abo-
rigines who once reigned in wild independence
from Maine to Louisiana ? Their bones now en-
riched the soil of which they had been robbed.
And although a necessary State policy required
that Georgia should have the jurisdiction of this
country, the Cherokees were offered more for it
than it would sell for if exposed lot by lot at pub-
lic auction, with fair competition. He would not
go into the Cherokee question at present, further
than to add, that it could constitute no reasonable
objection to the measure proposed
An argument much dwelt upon, and which
seemed to be considered most triumphant, had
just been repeated. It was stated that Govern-
ment might as well be called on to transport to
market all the products of the country as to pay
the loss on the uncoined metal exported by the
mines. Mr. K. did not think the argument at all
applicable Theie was no restriction upon the
States or their citizens in the manufacture of other
products, but such products could be manufac-
tured, sold, or appropriated in any way that local
policy might dictate as most profitable or advan-
tageous. But a restriction on the right of coinage
was surrendered to the Union for the common
benefit. And, therefore, the loss should be borne
as a general charge.
Mr K. then went into the subject of the pres-
sent gold coinage, and said that gentlemen were
mistaken in fact, when they stated that gold had
been raised so high as to depreciate it below a par
value with silver; on the contrary, at the South,
the new com was generally sold at a premium
After some further remarks, exolanatory of the
amount of loss to the mines for the want of a
mint, and the manner in which it was increased,
and the advantages which will accrue to the coun-
try by the measure proposed, Mr K. concluded,
with the hope that tne.bill would pass as a meas-
ure due to those parts of the country interested
in the measute
Mr BENTON said he felt extremely solicitous
about the fate of the bill, as at that time of the
session the vote on the recommitment would be
decisive of its passage He considered the bill but
the commencement of a series of measures to
restore a sound and metallic currency to the coun-
try; and opposition to the bill was a measure in
favor of papei instead of gold He would con-
tinue to combat a paper cunency in every form,
when in the Bank of the United States, deposite
banks, or local banks.
Mr BLACK thought the question had nothing
to do with the currency He was m favor of a
gold currency
Mr CLAY rose to vindicate his State against
the insinuation of the Senator from Georgia He
denied that Kentucky had ever taken an acre of
land from the Indians without paying for it
The hour of three o'clock having arrived, the
Senate, agreeably to a vote of yesterday, had a
recess until five
EVENING SESSION
At five o'clock, when the Senate was called to
order,
Mr. CLAY objected to putting the question
until the seats of the Senators were filled, and on
his motion the Sergeant at-Arms was directed to
bring in the abseot members.
