286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
After some further discussion by Messrs.
KNIGHT, WAGGAMAN, BENTON, -EW-
ING, CALHOUN, PORTER, and CLAY, the
question on recommitting, with instructions, was
put. and decided by yeas and nays, as follows: .
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Black, Buchanan, Clay,
Clayton, Ewmg, Frelmghuysen, Goldsborough,
Hill, Knight, McKean, Morns, Naudain, Rob-
bins, Silsbee, Smith, Southard, Swift, Tipton,
Tomlinson, and Webster—21
NAYS—Messrs Benton, Bibb, Brown, Cal-
houn, Cuthbert, Hendricks, Kane, King of Ala-
bama, King of Georgia, Leigh, Linn, Mangum,
Porter, Preston, Robinson, Ruggles, Shepley,
Tallmadge, Tyler, Waggaman, White, and
Wnght—22
So the motion to recommit was rejected.
On the final passage of the bill, the yeas and
nays being desired, were ordered, and were as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb, Brown, Cal-
houn, Cuthbert, Hendricks, Kane, King of Ala-
bama, King of Georgia, Leigh, Linn, Mangum,
Morris, Porter, Preston, Robinson, Ruggles,
Shepley, Tallmadge, Tyler, Waggaman, Web-
ster, White, and Wi lght—24
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Black, Buchanan, Clay,
Clayton, Ewmg, Frelmghuysen, Goldsborough,
Hill, Knight, McKean, Naudain, Robbms, Sila-
bee, Smith, Southard, Swift, Tipton, and Tom-
linson—19.
So the bill passed.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, to which the same was recommitted, reported
the bill supplementary to the act to establish the
judicial system of the United States, amended,in
accordance with the instructions of the Senate.
Mr CLAYTON briefly explained the nature of
the bill as amended. It attaches Maryland to the
fifth district and Delaware to the third district,
thereby abolishing the fourth dibtnct altogether.
It also provides for erecting a new district, to be
composed of the States of Louisiana, Alabama,
and Mississippi, and another of Missouri, Illi-
nois, and Indiana, and provides also for the
appointment of another Judge of the Supreme
"Court.
The amendment was concurred in, and the bill
waa ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
By unanimous consent the bill was put upon its
third reading, when
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and are as follows, to
wit:
YEAS—Messrs. Bel!, Benton, Bibb, Black,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, Ewmg, Fre-
lmghuysen, Goldsborough, Hendricks, Kane,
King of Alabama, Kmg_ of Georgia, Knight,
Leigh, Lane, McKean, Naudain, Poiter, Preston,
Robbms, Robinson, Silsbee, Southard, Swift,
Tipton, Tomlinson, Webster, and White—31
NAYS—Messrs. Clayton, Cuthbert, Hill,
Shepley, and Tallmadge—5.
So the bill was passed
RELIEF OF THE DISTRICT CITIES
On motion of Mr. SOUTHARD, the Senate
took up for consideration, as in Committee of the
Whole, the bill for the relief of the cities oí Wash-
ington, Georgetown, and Alexandria.
Mr TYLER said that last year, when this
same subject was before Congress, it met with
considerable opposition At this session the Dis-
trict Committees of the two Houses met in joint
session, and it was with considerable difficulty that
the committees could agiee upon a measure of
relief The city of Washington has contracted a
large foreign debt, which it cannot discharge with-
out the interposition of this Government. By the
arrangements which have oeen made with regard
to their debts, the cm¿ens of this city are ten-
dered liable to have then property sold Last
year, undei the same pressing necessity, the sum
of $70 000 was voted for then telief, and now the
reasons for relief have come before Congress with
accumulated force; and the probability is, that for
the •coming year there will not be $14,000 of
available funds in then treasury; and their prop-
erty is subject to the influ nce of the act of the
Government     Tne agents of the foreign creduois
are here, ready to purchase the propeify of these
citizens of Washington under the hammei; so that
there is danger, emphatically, that this city may
be " sold to the Dutch." Two íemedies present
themselves to our consideration for this case,
either to pay oif the debt, or grant present íehef
To the first, some gentlemen thought a question
of pimciple stood in the way; and he, (Mr. T ,)
who was among the straight laced in regard to
the constitutional poweis of Congress, confessed
that the principle was an obstacle in his mind,
for he thought Congress could just as well, and
with as much justice, pay off the debts of private
individuals. He therefore thought that this was
by far the best remedy of granting íehef. It is
placed in some sort on the footing of a loan, and
looks to the Chesapeake and Ohio canal stock
for indemnity, on the ground that they will sur-
render all their interests in this canal to the Gov
eminent. He held, that as a fund had arisen fiom
the sale of public loU in Washington, amounting
to some $GO0,O00, Congiess had a right to apply
that sum to any puiposes they might think proper
within the District, and thp reason foi extending
them relief was enhanced when it was recollected
that Congress itself held out inducements to sub-
scribe to this stock, and thus to incur the debt
Mr. BIBB said, he was last year opposed to the
bill giving rehel to this city, but since then he had
examined the question, and deliberately come to
the conclusion that we ought to grant íehef. On
reading the act under which this burthensome
loan had been made, he thought Congress vveie
under a pledge to pay the debt Undoubtedly it
is an act which on its face bears the impression
of the encouragement of Congress to go into these
expenses, and to borrow money on their own
responsibility. He believed that the people here
had to pay a higher tax than was paid by any
other people in the United States He believed
the average of taxes usually was six and ten cents
upon the assessment of every one hundred dollars,
here the assessment was one dollar and twenty
five cents upon that assessment. And as Con-
gress has been the means by which this state of
things has been introduced and imposed upon this
city, and as we are their local Legislatuie, ihey
ought to be fieed from so very oppressive a
burthen. !t is only appropriating those funds
which have been donated to the Government of
the United Stale'.
Mr BLACK said he was opposed to this prop-
osition lai>tyeai, when it was reduced toan appro-
priation of $70,000 foi one year,and then adopted
upon the express undei standing that it was not to
be pressed again The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Ylr Webster] then declared m his place,
that when the application was made to Congress
for permission to incur this debt, the people of
Washington used persuasions and supplications
for the purpose, and he waintd them against
mcurnng it, on the ground that they never would
be able to pay it The law, he confessed, was a
singular one, and it was only to be accounted for
on the ground that it was formed upon their own
solicitation. He would lather vote for the bill as
a gift than as a loan, for if it is loaned, it is gone
forever, just as if u is given, and we have the
same authority to give as to loan But it is
biought forward now in a new dress, and m a
more imposing form, and appealing to our feel-
ings He was opposed to the bill on constitu-
tional giounds, and asked the yeas and nays upon
the bill, which wereordeied.
Some further remarks were made by Mr
SOUTHARD and Mr LEIGH m favor of the
bill, and by Mr BLACK against it, when, with-
out taking the question
On motion of Mr  FRELINGHUYSEN,
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Tuesday, rebiumy 24, 183")
Petitions were prtrented, on leave, by Messrs
CAGEind BURGES
Mr PIERCE, of New Hemipshire, from the
Committee on the Jud ciary, reported a bill to
extend the patent of Robert Eastman for seven
years, whicn was read twice aad ordered to be
engrossed.
Mr JOHNSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, repoited the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That on Wednesday morning, after
reading the Journals and receiving reports from
committees, this House will appropriate one hour
to the consideration of the following bills:
A bill to render permanent the present mode
of supplying the army of the United States;
A bill íespectmg the appointment oí three addi-
tional paymasters;
A bill respecting the topographical corps,find
A bill respecting the corps of engineers.
Mr. CHINN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Itesolved, That this House will, on Thursday
next, from and after the hour of one o'clock, pio-
ceed to consider bills reported by the Committee
on the Disti ict of Columbia.
Mr R. M. JOHNSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported the following joint reso-
lution, which was read twice and ordeied to be
engrossed for a third reading'
Resdved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the Unitid States of America m Congiess
assembled, That the system of discipline and tac-
tics prepared by Major General Scott, under the
direction of the War Depaitment, and in con-
foimity with a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentares of April 8'h, 1834, shall be, and the
same is hereby, established for thegovernment of
the army of the United States and of the militia
Mr CONNOR, from the Comrilittee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported the follow-
ing resolution, which was agreed !o:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House continue
the services of the individual employed by him,
under a resolution of the last session, to make
certain maps for the use of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads
  Mr CAVE JOHNSON, fiom the Committee
on Private Land Claims, reported the following
resolution.
Resolved, That a translator of the French and
Spanish languages be employed by the Clerk of
this House tor two years, whose duty it shall be
to translate foi the useof the House as well as the
Land Office, all such documents and papers es
may be necessary for the aUion of the House, and
its commiUees, as well ab the Land Office, and
that the said tianslator be allowed the sum of
eight hundred dollars foi each year.
Mi JOHNSON explained the object and ne-
cessity of the lesolutKin.
After a few lemolks from Messrs FILL-
MORE, ASHLEY, E WHITTLESEY, and
WHITE of Florida, the íesolution was agreed
to                                                             t
Mr BEARDSLEY, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported, wi'hout amendment, the
bill from the Senate, amendatory of the acts foi
the punishment of crimes against the United
States
Mr B. buefly explained the provisions of the
bill, when, after some conversation between
Messrs PHILLIPS, BEARDSLEY, FOSTER,
VINTON, and BINNEY, it was ordered to be
read a thud time to morrow
Mr MASON, of Virginia, moved that the bill
"giarting an additional quantity of land for the
satisfaction of i evolutional y bounty lan^ war-
rants," be included amorg the bills relating to'he
District of Columbia, to be considered on Thurs-
day next
The motion was objected to.
Mr MASON moved a suspension of the mle,
which was agreed to, and the proposition 10 in-
clude was adopted
Mr CLAY, fiom the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported, with an amendment, the bill from
the Senate supplementary to the act gran'mg a
quantity of land to certain exiles fiom Poland,
which was postponed to Monday next
Mr CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Jacob Smith, of Michigan Territory,
deceased, which was read twice and ordered tobe
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr CARR, from the same committee, made
an unfavorable report on the memorial of Josette
Beubien, which was ordered to lie on the table.
