1835.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   mi
Mr. LYTLE said it had been contended that
this bill went to create a new office. It had been
urgently recommended by the department, and
was believed to be highly essential to the welfare
of the service.
Before any question was taken, the House, on
motion of Mr. HUBBARD, passed to the orders
of the day.
SUPPLYING THE ARMY, ETC.
An act to render permanent the present mode
of supplying the army of the United States; and
fixing the salaries of certain clerks therein named,
was then read a third time, and passed.
PRINTER TO THE HOUSE.
Mr. McKINLEY moved to  suspend all the
orders of the day, for the purpose of taking up
the resolution on the subject of the election of
printer.
A question of order arose as to the construc-
tion of the rule, whether the motion required
more than a bare majority, or a majority of two-
thirds.
The CHAIR, referring to his decision the other
day, that a bare majority was sufficient to post-
pone the orders of the day, said the question now
presented itself in a different shape, inasmuch
as it was a resolution, and the first hour only
was set apart for the consideration of resolutions;
and, in his opinion, the motion of the gentleman
from Alabama would require a vote of two-thirds.
Mr. McKINLEY appealed from the decision of
the Chair. He was determined to obtain a decis-
ion upon the resolution, if there remained any
means of arriving at a decision. Hehad tried va-
rious plans, in order to effect this object; but they
had invariably been met by the Chair with the
declaration that they were out of order.
The question was discussed by the CHAIR,
Messrs. FOSTER, MERCER,BRÍGG3, CLAY,
BURGES, PATTON, McKINLEY, EVANS,
and CONNOR.
Mr. McKINLEY then withdrew the appeal,
and moved to suspend the rules of the House.
Mr. CLAY asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Adams, William Allen,
Anthony, Beale, Bean, Beardsley, Beaumont,
Bockee, Boon, Bouidin, Brown, Burd, Burns, By-
num, Cambreleng, Carr,Casey, Chaney, Samuel
Clark, Clay,Connor, Coulter, Cramer, Day, Dick-
erson, Dunlap, Fowler, William K. Puller, Gal-
braith, Gillet, Joseph Hall, Thomas H. Hall,
Halsey, Hamer, Hannegan, Hardin, Joseph M.
Harper, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes, Hender-
son, Hiester, Howell, Hubbard, Huntington, Jar-
vis, Richard M. Johnson, Noadiah Johnson, Cave
Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh, Kilgore,
Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, Laporte, Lee, Lucas,
Lyon, Lytle, Abijah Mann,Mardis, John Y.Ma-
son, Moses Mason, May, McKinley, McLene,
McVean, Miller, Henry Mitchell, Robert Mitch-
ell, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Murphy, Osgood,
Page, Parks, Parker, Patterson, Pearce, Pierson,
Plummer, Polk, Pope, Reynolds, Schenck, Shinn,
Smith, Speight, Sutherland, William Taylor,
Francis Thomas, Thomson, Turner, Turrill, Van-
derpoel, Van Houien, Wagener, Ward, Ward-
well, Whallon, White—103.
NAYS—Messrs. John &. Adams, Heman Al-
len.John J. Allen, Chilton Allan, Ashley, Banks,
Barber,Barniiz, Barringer, Bates, Baylies, Beatty,
Bell, Binney, Blair, Briggs, Bull, Bunch, Burges,
Cage, Campbell, Carmichael, Chambers, Chilton,
Clunn, Claiborne, William Clark, Clowney,
Corwin, Crane, Crockett, Darlington, Amos Da-
vis, Davenport, Deberry, Denney, Evans, Ed-
ward Everett, Horace Everett, Ewing, Felder,
Fillmore, Forester, Foster Fulton, Gamble, Gar-
land, Gholson, Gilmer, Gordon. Gorham, Gra-
ham, Grayson, Grennell,, Griffin, Hiland Hall,
Hard, James Harper, Hazeltine, Inge, Edward.
Jackson, Janes, Henry Johnson, King, Lay,
Luke Lea, Letcher, Lewis, Lincoln, Love, Man-
ning, Martmdale, Marshall, McCarty, McComas,
McKennan, Mercer, Milligan, Miner, Moore, Pat-
ton, Peyton, Phillips, Pickens, Pmckney, Potts,
Ramsav, Reed, Robertson, William B. Shepard,
Augustine H. Sheoperd, Standifer, Steele, Stew-
ari,   Stoddert,  Wdliam   P.   Taylor,   Philemon
Thomas, Tompkins, Trumbull, Tweedy, Vance,
Vinton, Watmouth, Frederick Whittlesy, Elisha
Whittlesey, Wilde, Williams, Wilson, Wise,
Young—110.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESI-
DENT.
Mr. WILDE moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose of taking up the joint resolution re-
specting the election of President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. GILMER said all that would be necessary
was a motion to postpone the orders of the day,
■as the resolution had been  twice read, and he
asked his colleague so to modify his motion.
Mr. WILDE assented.
Mr. HUBBARD suggested that it be commit-
ted to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. WILDE asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The motion prevailed—yeas 112, nays 92.
By consent, sundry bills from the Senate were
taken up for reference, and several were referred.
JUDICIAL  CIRCUITS.
The bill from the Senate relative to the estab-
lishment of a judicial circuit in the United States,
being presented by the Chair—■
[This bill provides for consolidating the cir-
cuits composed of New Jersey and Pennsylvania,
with that composed of Delaware and Maryland,
and requiring Judge Baldwin to hold the circuit
courts in the Delaware and Maryland circuit, so
as to obviate the necessity of appointing a judge'
of the supreme court in that circuit, and thereby
to extend the circuit system to the western
States.]
Mr. FOSTER suggested to the House the con-
sideration of the question, whether it was worth
the while of the House to refer this bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary, inasmuch as that
committee had already reported that it would be
impossible for the House to act upon it during
the present session. He moved to commit it to a
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BEARDSLEY thought the bill too import-
ant to be acted on by the House without its first
going through the investigation of a standing com-
mittee of the House.
Some conversation ensued between Messrs.
FOSTER, MERCER, WILDE, THOMAS, of
Maryland, and CLAY.
At the suggestion of Mr. CLAY, Mr. FOSTER
modified his motion so as to include the printing
of the bill.
Mr. WILDE demanded the previous question;
which motion -was not, however, seconded by the
House—ayes 63, noes 74.
Mr. COULTER could see no reason why there
should be any departure, in this case, from the
ordinary course. The bill was a most important
one, involving the lives and properties of thou-
sands, and he hoped the House would not divest
it of those protective proceedings which the rules
had thrown.around every such measure. He was
in favor of extending every privilege enjoyed by
the old to the new States; but not at the expense
of the former. New Jersey, Delaware, and Mary-
land, had increased in population, and ought not
to be deprived of any of their rights and privi-
leges; and he entered his protest against it. The
bil proDOsed a manifest act of injustice, and he
trusted would undergo the strictest scrutiny in the
standing committee of the House.
Mr. CARMICHAEL said: Mr. Speaker, I con-
cur with my honorable friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Coulter] in the opinion he has expressed
in regard to the importance of this subject It is
entitled to the most deliberate action of this House.
This bill, from the Senate, is designed to operate
in a peculiar mannerupon the rights and interests
of the State in which I reside, and of which 1 am
one of the Representatives upon this floor. I feel
myself, therefore, called upon to protest against
the adoption of the motion of the honorable mem-
ber from Georgia, [Mr. Foster.] Its effect is to
dispense with the usual routine of business, which
secures to every measure, before it is submitted
to the consideration of the House, a previous ex-
amination by one of its constituted organs—by
one of its standing committees. Sir, why this
haste? Why hurry this bill into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union ? Where
is the motive for all this precipitation? Deeply
interested as are the peopleof Mary land in the result
of this proposed alteration of the judicial districts
of the United States, I must claim for the subject
the most mature consideration.
Sir, I have another reason for resisting this unu-
sual and unnecessary proceeding. This measure
proposes to accomplish one object; it reaches another
by indirection. Its apparent purpose is to arrange
the existing of judicial districts, and to establish
two additional circuits. It merges the district of
Maryland and Delaware, and gives a circuit to the
Northwest and Southwest.
But whilst it professes—and you know, sir, as
it originated in the Senate, I cannot speak of the
motives upon which it is based—it would be dis-
courtesy to do so—whilst it professes to sink r
district, its effect is to despatch a judge. Its effect
is to relieve the Senate of a responsibility imposed
upon them by the Constitution.
Sir, 1 understand the ready willingness of the
honorable member from Alabama [Mr. Clay] to
embrace this measure at once—to disregard the
usual and established order of legislation here. It
extends advantages to the people of the Southwest.
It is enough for him to know there is a benefit
held out to his constituents. He overlooks th«
consideration that it works a rank injustice to Ids
friends elsewhere.
1 have no objection to extend the contemplated
advantages to the West; but 1 cannot do it at the
expense of my constituents. It was only by hold-
ing out this benefit, never before contemplated for
the West, that it was hoped to effect this unjust
purpose to Maryland.
If this bill is to be adopted, I hope it may b 
required to pass through the usual routine. I
hope it will be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. But I must earnestly resist any pro-
ceeding, however presented, the manifest tendency
of which is to impose upon this House a share
of the responsibility devolved by the Constitution
upon the Senate of the United States, which will
require of this House to dispose of executive nom-
inations. And more especially when fhe obvious
effect of it is to affect injuriously the interests of
Maryland, and to crush one of her most valued
citizens.
I hope the gentleman from Georgia will with-
draw his motion to commit this bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CLAY disavowed any personal feeling on
the subject. When, on the one hand, however,
he was disposed to render strict justice to other
parts of the Union, he stood then as the Repre-
sentative of Alabama, and gentlemen must not
expect him to abandon her interests.
Mr. GARLAND was convinced that the com-
mitment of the bill to the Judiciary Committee
would only tend to defeat or delay it. His only
object was to secure the action of the House on
this all-important subject.
Mr. CAGE adverted to the long-withheld jus-
tice which this House owed to the new States.
He moved the previous question, but withdrew it
at the request of
Mr. FOSTER, who made some explanatory-
remarks. He was surprised at the opposition
which had been elicited by the simple motion
which he had made. He avowed his intention
of proposing eertain amendments when the bill
should come before the House. He then renewed,
according to promise, the motion for the previous
question.
[Here a discussion ensued on the nature of tha
previous question as applicable to the present case.
Mr. SPEIGHT thought the previous question
would be the passage, but the Chair decided other-
wise.]                                                        .     ,     ,
Mr. CAGE then withdrew the motion for the
.previous question.
Mr. THOMAS again addressed the House.
He viewed the bill in the light of an attempt to
destroy one of the worthy citizens of Maryland.
Justice had been denied to that State by the pro-
ceedings in this matter, and he demanded, as one
of her Representatives, that it should be rendered
to her    Mr. T. had protested, at the early part
