1835.
™EJCONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
necessary, as on all questions of government and
rights, occasionally to recur to first principles. It
was by tracing things to their source that they
le.it ned to understand them.
" In the beginning God created the heaven and
' the earth
"And God said let the waters under thehea-
« ven be gathered together unto one place, and let
" the dry land appear, and it was so."
Mr. P. was here called to order by several
voices.
The CHAIR remarked, that hehad not yet dis-
covered what application the gentleman intended
to make of the quotations he had commenced with,
and could not, therefore, determine whether they
were applicable to the subject before the House.
Mr PLUMMER proceeded He regretted that
his remarks should be deemed to be out of order.
He considered the subject of the greatest impor-
tance, affecting that organic law placed in our
hands by the fathers of the country, who pledged
in its support their lives, their fortunes, and their
sacred honor. If this was two serious a subject
on which to make Scripture quotations, he would
like to know where they should be applied He
had believed it to strike at the foundations of Gov-
ernment, and therefore found it necessary to ap-
peal to first principles. In that belief, he would
proceed     " And God said let us make man."
Mr. WISE rose to a question of order. Itwas
part of a systematic attempt in the House to kill
these resolutions, to speak them to death. The
point of order which he made was grounded on
the irrelevance and profanity of the words uttered
Mr EVANS said he had called the gentleman
to order on the ground that his remarks did not
apply to the subject under consideration.
Mr. PLUMMER took his seat, and the Speak-
er decided that he was not in order; and accord-
ing to the rules he could not be permitted to pro-
ceed in his speech without leave of the House.
Mr PLUMMER asked leave to explain.
The SPEAKER refused to permit him.
Mr PLUMMER claimed the privilege to ex-
p'am as a. matter of right under the rules of the
House
The SPEAKER denied the right, without leave
of the House.
Aftei some conversation, the CHAfR put the
question, "Shall the gentleman from Mississippi
be permitted to proceed with his remarks>" It was
taken by yeas and nays, and decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 135, nays 35                                            ¡
Mr PLUMMER then rose and said, antici-'
patmg that the question to amend the Constitution
of the United States would come up for consid-
eration and discussion before the adjournment of
the House, he had prepared himself according to
the best of his skill and abilities on the subject
He had followed an example set him by more
experienced debators than himself, and prepared
his speech beforehand, which h'a lay before him
on his desk It might not contain as many class-
ical allusions and poetical quotations as the gen-
tleman from Vugiiua [Mr Wise] was m the
habit of weav in? into his speeches, but he thought
that it would be equally intelligible to the people
Although it did not become him to speak in Us
praise, he flattered himself that it would be worth
pulhshing m pamphlet form, and in circulating
among his constituents, and in fact, that it would
be, when in punt, what might be called a pretty
good speech He referred to the origin of man,
and the first formation of Government as regis-
tered in that Book where the first written laws for
the government of mankind are to be found on
recmd, for the purpose of demonstrating to the
House (lie principles he was about to assume in
relation to the question under consideration The
charge of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr
Wisi,] (hat he was speaking against time,was
nottue I he intimation of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr Wisl.J that he wts acting under
'he influence of a party, or any individual on that
fl'or sive himself, wis unfounded and untrue
He w(V3 nuapable of being actuated by any such
motives, and he bid >etto learn that a quotation
from that gteatcst and bet.t of Books, in debate,
WJ'(ii'ol oidei.ot couM by possibility be con-
stuied info profanity If theie was any grave
auction, upon the di¡>cu.JHioii of which a quota
305
tion might with propriety be made from the Bible,
he thought it was that which proposed to amend
that sacred instrument, the Constitution of the
United States, handed down to us by the patriots
of the Revolution, and for the establishment of
which our fathers expended their money, perilled
their lives, and shed their blood.    He was highly
gratified at the overwhelming vote by which he
had been sustained by the House in opposition to
the decision of the Chair, and the prompt and
indignant manner that the members had frowned
on the attempt to stifle debate on a question of
great national importance.involvingthe rights and
liberties of the American people     His remarks
were not irrelevant, they were not impertinent;
they were not profane, as the House had correctly
decided, nor was it his intention to violate the
rules of order or decorum.    He intended, in the
1 course of his remarks, to have adverted to the
leading principles advocated by that party, (the
i working men,) whose cause he espoused, which
| he could have done, and made an  appropriate
j application to the question of amending the Con-
I stitution, and it was true that he was anxious to
i be heard; but he could get the substance of his
! intended remarks before the public in the form of
a circular, which would answer his purpose   He
proposed, therefore,as a return for the high com-
| phment paid him by the House, to yield the floor
i to the learned and distinguished gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr Wise,] who was capable of making
[ a much greater display and flourish on that flooi
than himself, or to any other gentleman who chose
i to occupy it.    [There was a general call through-
out the  House for Mr. P. to proceed, but he
| yielded the floor ]
I Mr. EVANS then addressed the House. He
1 had felt a strong repugnance to claim their atten-
' Hon, notwithstanding the importance of the sub-
ject, in consequence of the short time íemaining
I of the session He was aveise to changes in the
Constitution, and the resolutions he deemed objec-
tionable There was but one which he could feel
disposed to countenance, and that was the prop-
osition to restrict the presidential term to six
years There was a generally pervading senti-
ment among the people of this country in favor
of that project, and he might be induced to yield
to it his assent, though he did not esteem it of
essential importance. He was utteily opposed to
all the remainder. First, they recognised the
plurality system of elections, while various States
adhered to the majority mode, and held the other
most unsafe and impolitic It would be deemed
extremely unjust in the latter to ask or compel
the former to abandon their views, and adopt the
majority system. Again, they abolished the,dis-
trict system, which would destroy the influence
and powei of the smaller States A majority of
one vote, in the largest State, might contiol all of
her forty electors, and cause them to be thrown
for an individual. Had the last election been con
ducted on the distuct system, it would have been
seen to have been a much more closely contested
one than it had been supposed to be M" E
said, if this resolution was so modified as to give
prevalence to the distuct system of electing, he
did not know but he might be induced to go for
it. The third resolution he considered decidedly
the best of the three, though even for this he could
see no urgent necessity. He had been anxious
to have these resolutions calmly deliberated upon
by the House, and had thrown no obstacles in
the way of their discussion . If he could not vote
for them himself, he would not bar the opinions
of others. It would require two-thuds of the
House to sanction them, and in their custody he
believed they could safely be reposed
Mr. BOULDIN said, that considering the im-
mense amount of business before the House, and
the shoit time for calm rtflection on such an im-
portant uyic, he should feel impelled to vote
against all three of the resolutions But in doing
so, he wished it to be distinctly undeistood that
he expressed no ojiimon on their merits or expe-
diency
Mr IIANNEGAN moved that the House ad-
journ The question was tiken by yeas and nays,
?nd can led—yeas 96, niys 71
Si, at half past e.ght o clock, the House ad-
journed
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 28, 1835
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmitting a communication
from the General Post Office in regard to the
number of clerks there employed.
Mr. WEBSTER said, as the Committee on
Finance were about to report to the Senate the
general appropriation bill for defraying the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the yeai 1835, and as in the army appropriation
bill the usual sum for the support of the Military
Academy at West Point had been omitted, under
the expectation that a special act would come up
from the other House on that subject, and as
nothing of that kind had yet appeareed, he was
instructed by the committee to ask the instruc-
tions of the Senate to insert the usual sum in the
general appropriation bill, which was agreed to.
CREDENTIALS OF HON. BEDFORD BROWN.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the credentials of the Hon Bedford Brown,
a Senator elect from the State of North Carolina
for six years from and after the third of March
next.
EXPLANATIONS.
Mr EWING said- Shortly after the report of
the Committee on the Post 0<fice and Post Roads
was presented to the Senate, an address of O. B
Brown appealed in the Globe, and has sirce been
copied into most of the other papers in the city,
containing some charges of grave import against
the committee. As to his statements, which do
not touch the general course pursued by the com-
mittee, I shall not notice them His testimony,
and that of the witnesses who speak of his con-
duct as a public officei, are published with the
report, and all who desire it, can satisfy them-
selves on those subjects There are, however,
two of his statements as to the course adopted by
the committee in the examination, which I think
it proper here to notice
He says, that he was " denied by the committee
' the privilege of being heard in His own defence,
'or even of being informed of an accusation
'against him, before he learned it from the re-
' port "
Now, sir, on this subject I can only say, that it
was the opinion of the committee that all persons
implicated   by the evidence which   they took,
should have information of all that was alleged
against them, and that they should be hemd and
allowed to produce evidence in their own justifi-
cation     The mode of communicating this in-
formation was a subject of frequent discussion
between some of the members of the committee,
and it was at last settled that the chairman should
exercise his own sound judgment and discretion
i in giving this information    This was not by any
I formal order, but precisely in the way in which
. the chairman thought he ought to be authorized
I to communicate to any and each of the officers,
and each individua! implicated, all the information
1 that might be necessary to give them a full oppor-
tunity for explanation     I never inquired of him
what information he saw fit to give any one under
' this authority, but Mr   Brown was called and
permitted to testify in  exculpation of his own
conduct, and of the course of the  department,
| on every subject on which the chairman thought
¡ proper to call him     The volume of his testimony
which accompanies the report will show this fully,
especiallv when it is known that he never was
called, except by the request of the chairman, fo
explain some transaction in which he or the de-
i partment seemed to be implicated
|     The second allegation  which  I have thought
necessary to notice, is as follows. " When under
' oath before the committee, I was not advised of 
' any points on which I was to be examined, nor
' the object of any inquiry made, and after an-
I 'swermg- all the questions which any member of
i'the committee thought proper to  propound, I
' was not permitted to hear the testimony read
i' ovpr, to know whethei it was taken down cor
' rectly, oi  to correct any erroneous, impression
| ' which it might be calculated to make "
The latter clause of this statement is who'.'y
lontrary to  the fact    Tne chairman conducted
this part of the hi siness of the com'iiiitae, nrd I
' obseivetl that he fiequently, though not always,
