810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
engagements, .whether those engagements were
beneficial to you or not. What would be the con-
sequences if you gave it up—if you compromised
to the value of a cent? Why, that every foreign
nation would consider herself at liberty to sport
with all treaties she might make with you. You
would never have any security, and the most
solemn pledges would be set at naught; whatever
engagements any foreign Power might enter into,
if it suited her interest she would feel herself au-
thorized at any moment to set them at defiance.
This subject, as it was presented to Congress
at the commencement of the session by the Presi-
dent of the United States, was also in an entirely
different position from that in which it now stood.
The President presented the subject to us, and
recommended that in the event of the French legis-
lative Chamber refusing, at their next session, to
make the appropriation necessary to carry the
treaty into effect, letters of reprisal should be is-
sued. Mr. A. had before said in that House that
whatever might be said of the imprudence of that
recommendation, the opinion of mankind would
ever be that it was high-spirited and lofty, and
such as became the individual from whom it ema-
nated. He said it now, and he repeated, that it
was the attitude which that Chief M agistrate would
bear before the wotld, and before mankind, and
before all posterity.
It has been supposed that because he (Mr. A.)
had said that, that he was in favor of the measure
recommended by the President; but he had ex-
plained at the time, most explicitly and distinctly,
that he was not, and that he considered it as impru-
dent. Had he been one of the President's constitu-
tional advisers, he should have recommended a dif-
ferent course-, and yet, at this day, he did not know
but that the counsel by which the President had
been advised, would not be preferred. Mr. A. did
not know but that he might ultimately be called
upon, by circumstances, to recall even thatopinion,
that the measure was an imprudent one; for who
could tell what the next despatch might contain?
Some suppose that the President's message would
have the effect of preventing the appropriation of
money from being made by the French Chamber.
Others, however, supposed that it would ultimately
effect it. Mr. A. was no prophet, and could notpre-
'tend to say what the Effect of it would be, but he
did say, that that which at first view appeared ¡m-
piudent, was sometimes nothing more than be-
coming firmness and boldness. At that time he
perceived there was a great strife between the two
parties of this country, to whom, if the appropria-
tion should be made by the French Chamber, the
credit would be due. He found in a paper, well
known to be friendly to the Administration, the
Globe of this city, the following comment upon
some recent news from France:
" A friend in New York writes us a letter of
1 congratulation on the prospects which the late
' news has opened on the country; and in conclu-
' sion, says: ' The Opposition seem confounded this
' morning, and even the most desperate in their ranks
1 sail tlie Piesident has liad the good fortune to take
' the light course m this matter. Cliance has had no
' hand in it, my J iend; it is parcel of his great, fair,
' and clear course.' "
What says another paperof adiffeientdescrip-
tion, the National I iteiltgencer ? " The complex-
' ion of the news from France is more and  moie
*  favorable to the preservation of peaceful relations
1 between that country and this; which, as we
' believe it to be now sincerely the desire of the
' discreet men of all parties in this country, will,
' we are persuaded, be universally acceptable to
•our readers. The latest date of papers which
' had reached France from America, at the last
' accounts, was the25ih of December. The report
' of the Foreign Relations Committee of our Sen-
' ate was made qxi the 6 h Januaiy; and it was
' definitively acted upon on the 14'h of the same
' month, if e scaicely cnteitain a doubt that, on the
' anival in Pai is of authentic accounts of those pro-
*  cecdings, the bill ofindrmiutii will be promptly acted
6 upon, and the treaty carried into J ult r¿F/c£."
Well, which of the parties was to have the
" glory " of this appropriation, if it should be
made? He, for one, was in the position of inde-
pendence, '• wheie Whigs were called Tory, and
Tory called Wntg." He could not help expiess-
ing ¡us regret to the House, for which he had tiie
strongest and profoundest feelings of respect and
affection, that whichever of those two parties
should attain that glory, of obtaining the appro-
priation of the money and the fulfilment of the
treaty, we, (said Mr. A.,) alas, must go without
any share of it! We must content ourselves with
clapping our hands, and shouting hosannas to the
President of the United States for his bold and
intrepid spirit, or to the Senate! He (Mr. A.) had
been for five or six weeks entreating that House
to call upon their Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions to make a report; to take the subject up,
and to deliberate upon it; and he could Jiot help
believing that if they had so taken up the sub-
ject, if it had so pleased them at an earlier period-
of the session to deliberate upon it, they too might
have shared a little of the glory of obtaining that
same appropriation; if, at all events, it should be
obtained. But there they were, on the last days
of the session, obliged to deliberate upon this sub-
ject with a crowd of other important business
before them pressing for action, and upon which
they must act. Permit him to say this was to
him a painful and melancholy circumstance, and
was one of the reasons why he objected to another
part of the resolutions of the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, viz: " that this
House will insist upon the execution of the treaty
as ratified by both Governments." Upon what
could that House insist? In four days from that
time, that House would be numbered with the
dead, and that Hall would be the property of their
successors. And what could the present House do
in the way of insisting upon the execution of the
treaty, the fulfilment of which depended upon the
action of a foreign Government four thousand
miles off? What could thai House do? They
would be followed by successors there, and many
of trje States would meet with heavy losses, in
members of as pure hearts andas bright intellects—
by which he did not mean to say that he always
agreed with them—but, he would say, they were
men of as pure hearts and as bright intellects as
any that existed in this nation. How did they
know what their successors would do? How did
they know what their successors would insist
upon ? or what they would be disposed to concede?
That part of the resolution of the gentleman from
New York appeared to Mr. A., therefore, to be
inconsistent, or to mean nothing. That House
could insist upon nothing a/ter its own term of
service should expire. But the same idea which
the gentleman had thus expressed was intended
to be expressed by Mr. A. in that resolution,
which says «' that the rights of the citizens of
the United States to the indemnity, &c , ought, in
no event, to be sacrificed, abandoned, or impaired,
' by any c'n^ent, or acquiescence of the Govern-
' mem of the United Siutes."
It was, therefore, upon these two grounds that
he objected to the first resolution of the gentle-
man trom New York. The first was, that it
foreclosed all negotiation. The second, because
it asserted something that seemed to him to im-
ply that thai House would have a power to act on
the subject; it went to pledge that House, when
every one knew that that House was entirely in-
adequate to act upon it.
A word more upon the propriety of negotia-
tion, for although he had offered the first resolution
only as a substitute for the one proposed by the
gentleman from New York, the second resolution
of Mr. A. not only did not countenance the idea of
excluding all negotiation, but it proposed to recom-
mend to the Piesident of the United States, always
in the event of his not deeming it incompatible with
the honor and interests of the country, to resume
negotiation. Mr. A. would adhere and cling to the
idea of negotiation, because, as he remaiked before,
negotiation was the only way by which peace
could be preserved and maintained. Let him say,
that hia second resolution was drawn with that
official respect which was due to the Chief Magis-
trate of the country. And with that sentiment at
the bottom of his heait, and which he had expressed
with respect to the President's recommendation
of reprisals, let him say that one idea of proposing
his second resolution, was because he thought the
President himself had expressed himself rather
too unfavorably of the continuance of negotiation.
Mr. A. thought the Chief Magistrate of this coun-
try ought never to suy he would not negotiate
with a foreign nation. But events had occurred
since that message which, in Mr. A.'s opinion, ren-
dered it further necessary that the House should
express its opinion upon this subject; he alluded
particularly to the correspondence presented a
few days ago. It was natural enough that agreat
excitement should ensue upon the reception of the
President's threat of reprisak in France. The
King of the French did not, however, appear to
be dissatisfied with it at all. He was only dissat-
isfied with the language used towards his Minis-
ter; because in the message it was strongly inti-
mated that the Minister had not done that which
he had promised to do, viz: to bring the subject
before the Chamber of Deputies at their first
meeting, and in time for the result of their delib-
erations to be known before the assembling of
Congress. It was alleged he had promised this,
and had not dime it; and it was upon this re-
proach, personal to himself, the King of the French
took fire. Mr. A. here made sundry references to
the despatches of Mr. Livingston and the confer-
ences held by him with Admiral de Rigny, the
Minister for Foreign Affairs, and said, the affair
seemed something of the character of a petty
pique between the President of the United State3
and the King of the French.
Mr. A. said he was somewhat alarmed when he
saw it stated in the public papers that Mr. Liv-
ingston had quitted France, because if we should
come to blows, France would say that we were
the first to strike. A Minister must always remain
till he received an order for his departure, either
from his own Government, or from that to which
he is sent. To go to war now would be like two
boys standing before each other with clenched
fists, and each daring the other to strike. If we
did go to war with France upon this subject, his
wori for it, it would all end in an expenditure of
millions upon millions of treasure, and oceans of
blood, and we should then be asking each other
who struck the first blow. Mr. A. further re-
marked on the impolicy of sending a frigate for
Mr. Livingston, which, he maintained, would be
considered in the light of a declaration of hostil-
ities by France. He said he should not be at all-
surprised if the French Government detained her.
Mr. A. concluded by remarking that he had not
said one tenth part of what the subject would sug-
gest to him, but at this late period of the session
he would not trespass upon the House at greater
length.
Mr. ARCHER was opposed to both the resolu-
tions, considering the effect of each would be the
same as that of breaking off all further negotiation.
The resolutions of the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, Mr. A. regarded in the light
of a menace as much as the message of the Pres-
ident of the United States at the commencement
of the session, threatening France with reprisals.
Still he thought these resolutions more consistent
than those of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
because they were more open. Was the country
prepared for so determined a mfcsure ? Would
the circumstance justify it? What would be the
effects? These were questions that every man
should put to himself. Mr. A. referred to the
naval power of France. She had three hundred
and one vessels of war, including forty-four ships
of the line, forty frigates, and a very large num-
ber of steam war vessels. Contrast this with the
condition of the American navy. He had con-
versed with many naval officers who had assured
hirn that a war on the ocean with France would
be far more hazardous than with England, monarch
of the sea, as she called herself. She had, besides,
an army of four hundred thousand men, in the
fineststate of discipline, and kept ready for action
at almost a/ moment's warning. But what could
we promise ourselves by going to war? Could we
subdue Fiance? He would not conceive a war
with France, though the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts seemed to say that the President's in-
structions to Mr. Livingston amounted to a..dec-
laration of war.
Mr. ADAMS explained.
Mr. ARCHER resumed by showing the great
sacrifice to tradeand commerce by non-intercourse.
The exports and imports to France, each averaged
about fourteen millions of dollars annually, all oí
which would be destroyed, besides jeoparding all
our other foieign trade.   A declaration of war,
