1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
menace or a threat.    Not so, sir; there is nothing
of that character in the resolution-—nothing that'
could insultan individual, ora magnanimous peo-
ple.    Ño such thing is intended, and the French
people cannot so understand it.
We desire not war We have done nothing to
lead to such a result. This resolution has no
such bearing, and if the French Government shall
choose to make war on us in consequence of its
passage, let them do so, and take the odium and
the consequences The civilized world will not
sanction, but decidedly condemn such a course.
This is the first opportunity which this House
has had to express us opinion upon the conduct of
the French Chambers in rejecting the appropria-
tion, and upon the justice of our claims.   There
Banks, Barnitz, Baylies, Beale, Bean, Beardsley,
Beaumont, Blair, Bockee,Boon, Bouldin, Briggs,
Brown, Bull, Bunch, Burd, Burns, Cage, Cam-
breleng, Carmichael, Carr, Casey, Chambers,
Chaney, Chilton, Chmn, Claiborne, Samuel Clark,
William Clark, Clay, Connor, Coulter, Cramer,
Darlington, Davis, Davenport, Day, Denny,
Dickerson, Dickinson, Evans, Edward Everett,
Felder, Ferns, Fillmore, Forester, Foster, Philo
C. Fuller, William K Fuller, Fulton, Galbiaith,
Gamble, Gholson, Gillet, Gordon, Graham,
Joseph Hall, Thomas II Hall, Halsey, Hamer,
Hannegan, Hard, Joseph M Harper, Harrison,
Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes, Heath, Henderson,
Hiester, Howell, Hubbard, Huntington, Inge,
William   Jackson,   James Jarvis,  William  C
is, in fact, no difference of opinion here in regard I, Johnson, Pachard M Johnson, Noadiah Johnson,
to either.    Let us then say to the French nation,           '          T            "
that we know our cause to be just—that the in- i
demnity provided by the treaty, instead of being
too large, is, in fact, too small, and that we will
insist upon its execution
Mr. MANN, of New York, demanded the ]
yeas and nays on the amendment offered by Mr. ]
Archer; which were ordered.
Seaborn Jones, Benjamin Jones Kilgoie, Kin-
nard, Lane, Lansing, Laporte, Lay, Lea, Lee,
Lewis, Lincoln, Lucas, Lyon, Lytic, A Mann,
Manning, Martmdale, Marshall, Mardis, John Y.
Mason, May, McCarty, Mclntire, McKay, Mc-
Kennan, McKim, McKjnley, McLene,McVean,
Miller, Miner, Henry Mitchell, Robert Mitchell,
McD. Moore, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Murphy
Mr  GORHAM was in favorof the amendment  ' Osgood, Paiks, Parker, Patton, Uu ee J   fearce,
Peyton, Picke is, Franklin Pierce, Pietson, Plum-
mer, Polk, Ramsey, Reed, Rencher, Reynolds,
Robertson, Schenck, Schley, Augustus H Shep-
herd, Shinn, Slade, Smitn, Sping'er, Speight,
Standefer, Stewart, Sutherland, William Taylor,
offered  by  the gen'leman from Virginia, [Mr.
Archer ]   He thought it a very proper resolution I
for the occasion, but he rose simply to enter his j
decided protest against the views contained in the
SDeech which the gentleman had delivered in favor i  -------------
of his amendment.    He was utterly opposed to !¡ Wil'iam P   Tayloi, Thomson   luinei, lurril,
would vote for the resolution.           1 Vanderpool, Van   Houten,  Wageener,  Ward,
Wardwell, Whallon, White, Fiedenck Whittle-
sey, Ehsha Whittlesey, Wilson, Young—168.
So the motion was negatived.
Mr. BEARDSLEY remarked that the amend-
mentofthegentlemanfiom Virginia [Mr Arciilr]
was the particular subject now under consideia
tion.    It contained two propositions—one declara-
ble speech, bu-t wo
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, desired to state a sin-
gle reason why he should vote against the amend-
ment of his colleague, [Mr. Archer ] That gen-
'leman had contended that the treaty with France
was not a binding compact. If the amendment
of his colleague should be concurred in, and should
p-o out of tne country coupled with the foregoing ¡  ..„...........------        ,     ,
decía, auon? it might have a tendency to induce a S tory of the views of th.s House, that no leg.slat.ve
beheftha" his House had adopted the reflation |l measure was at this time .equued or prooer. the
m consequence of the reasons expressed by his other, a statement of the cau e or foundation of
copead For one, he was of opinion that the | theop.nion at which the House had arrived Jbat
treatv"w'th France"was asolemn ana binding com-,! foundation, as declared in the resolution, was a
pactTJh'ch Sinot:b" disregarded or set aside  | «jutf expectation" that France would make_pro-
by the French Chambers. He repeated, in con-
clusion, that for the reason which he had assigned,
he could not vote for the amendment.
Mr WATMOUGH said that the true and only
course which he thought should be pursued, had
been advocated by the gentleman from Georgia,
and his colleague from Pennsylvania, [Mr. hv*-
í.ey and Mr. Clayton] This course he would
indicate in a motion before he sat down. It was
not to avoid the terrors of war, that he should
make the motion which he intended War was
admitted on all hands to be the most disastrous
calamity which could befall the country, and m
this case, m his humble opinion, there was no
sufficient cause for war. To answer the purpose
which accorded with his own judgment, he would
move to lay the whole subject uoon the table, !
and, upon this motion, he demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered                                         i
A call of the House was made and negatived.
Mi. CAMBRELENG called for the reading *™«J   — ¡^^dor explained by the
of the resolution which he had offered   «• ™f: Zt'rMe mover- and he insisted that the only
ified form.    He desired that the House should     ^orable mover                                                  ^
now what it was that the gentleman from Penn      f«' «'«P™ T' r'lution was that which he had
vision for carrying the treaty of 1831 into effect.
Mr. B would ask upon what the " expecta
tion" was founded? What ground had we for
assuming it as the basis of our action on this most
important subject? All might, as all did, desire
that result. It was the hope of every one; but,
for himself, he saw no sufficient reason foi ex-
pressing the "jus'," the confident "expectation
that the Government of Fran, e had already made,
or would make, the required provision.
Mr ARCHER explained. He meant by the
words "just expectation," as applied in the reso-
lution, not to refer to the conduct of France, or
what might be expected from her, but the char-
acter of our claims upon her, which he regarded
aSÍlr   BEARDSLEY continued.   He said the
explanation would help the mattei but little, unless
the phraseology of the resolution was changed
That would be understood at home and abioaü,
according to the ordinary meaning of the terms
know what it was mat me ^n.a™.. i.™. - ~ ■--   ,                 • f .    resoiuUon was that which tie naa
sylvan..  [Mr.  Waimough] had moved to by    ^'%f^etZ^ i« natural and common
'       "                                                                        lense'meaning.   France would so understand it
if adopted by the House, and she would act ac-
I coidmo-ly.    Then he would ask, again, upon what
on the table.
The resolution was read as follows-
"Resulted, That m the opinion of this House
' the ueaty Of the 4th July, 1831, should bemam-
«tamed, and its execution insisted on.
Tne question was then taken on Mr Wat-
«ouh's motion to lay the whole subject on the
table, by yeas and nays, as follows:
YÉAS-Í-Mess.s. Chilton Allan, Ashley,:Bar-
bet , Bates, Beatty, Bell, B.nr-ey, Campbell C.ay-
ton C owney, Corwin, Crane Ciocket .Deberry,
Dickson, Horace-Everett, GarlandG>\m"<G°l:
ham, Giayson, G.ennell, Griffin Hard.n, Jame.
Harper, flazeltine, Ebeneaer Jackson, Henry
Johnson, King, Letcher, Love, McCoroasMer-
cer, Milligan, Phillips, Pmckney, PoUs, W b
Shepard, Steele, Thomas, Tompkins .Trumbull,
Tweedy, Vance, Vinton, Watmough, Wilde,
Williams, Wi-e— 4S                 ,          T .     ,, m„
X\\s—Me«si- John a Adams, John Adams,
lolu. J  Allen, William Allen, An'liony, Archer,
he
was in no respect warranted by her conduct. This
was one, and with him a decisive objection to the
amendment under consideration. There weie
others, which might be stated, growing out of the
posture of our present relations with Fiance; and
which, in his judgment, called for a decided ex-
pression of opinion on the part of this House.
Mr. B. could not vote for the amendment of the
honorable and very distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts, ¡Mr Adums,] which proposed to
advise theTresident that fuither negotiation with
France would meet the approbation of this House,
if, in the opinion of the President, that course
would he compatible with the honor and interest
of the United States
The treaty-making power was not vested in this
House, but in the President and Senate.    The
President was the organ of that power, and of the
Union at large, with all foreign Governments   He
would leave tnose upon whom the Constitution
had devolved  that responsibility to  exercise it,
1 without obtruding upon them advice which is not
asked for, and for which he coi.ld see no neces-
i sity.    Even if the advice were of itself pi oper, he
I would  not at this time expose to  France  any
j strong anxiety for  fuither  negotiation      Wuh
' whom would we negotiate'    With the  King of
the French'   lie had signed the treaty—he ad-
mitted its obligatoiy foice, and was unquestion-
ably desirous to see it fulfilled.   It was not his
fault that it had not been punctually performed.
Why, then, negotiate further with the King '  Or
was it intended to invite a negotiation wuh the
Chamber of Deputies '
Mr. B. said he did not, in all respects, approve
1 of the original resolutions, reported by the chair-
1 manoftheCommitteeon Fore'gn Affans. although
he would vote for them rather than not express
any opinion upon the subject The amendment,
however, which had been proposed by the honor-
able chau-man, and which he understood had been
accepted by the gemleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr Adams,] as a substitute for his first reso-
lution, met with his entire approbation, and he
should give it his vote. If adopted it would ex-
press the opinion of this House, that it was tne
duty of the Government of the United States to
insist upon the performance, by France, of the
treaty of 1P31. The circumstances in which we
were placed, demanded an explicit opinion on our
part, either that we would or would not insist upon
its performance If we were not prepared to i sist
upon it, let us say so, and abandon it altogether.
Gentlemen had said such an expression would
be equivalent to a declaration of war against
France. If so, then the minority of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs was for war, for this was their
sentiment, expressed m their own language,
leaving off those words which were supposed to
give it an unbecoming seventy, if not indeed some
small degiee of ferocity. The obnoxious words
"at all hazards," had been stricken out, and the
only sentiment which the resolution would now
contain, was the fixed opinion of this House, that
the treaty ought not to be abandoned, but that it)
performance should be insisted on.
And, sir, have we not a right to express that
opinion, and to indicate that purpose' Is not
such the general sentiment of our constituents'
Are we prepared, any one of us, to abandon the
treaty, or to say to France that we w.U not insist
on its performance'
Sir, will France have a right to regard this reso-
lution as a menace' Surely not She has made
the question for us and we are bound to decide it.
To decide it as the national honor and the national
| was that " expectation" f°"ndw'    Upon, as^  . ^te^sTreqüiTes"; as'ourconstituents demand that
supposed, the speculative colectare* ourjl^  1 ;"*¿««]£« ^  Sir¡ „ there any reasonable
rsterarpári¡,~and upon tha't alone After the
omisión of France, from 1833 to this time to
perform her treaty-a poe.uve. long-cont nued
neglect and violation of its provisions-and st1
more, a positive refusal by the Chamber of Depu-
tes tó abide by us provisions-after the recall of
the French Minister and the dismissal of ours
from France, we are called upon, in the face of
doubt of what is the true sentiment of this coun-
l try' Consult the public press, with the exception
1 of the most degraded and coirupt of its organs,
we shall find it umted in maintaining the sanctity
of the treaty, and insisting that the rights secured
bv it shall m no event be sacrificed or abandoned.
Sir, let us take counsel from the patriotic feelings
"m^^^'^^^^t^r^t  'SK. r Part we have performed all  Us
perform her treaty, which has hitherto been most
unceremoniously neglected and violated. He could ,
■ill e^act and in-
iee"no""reasonable «found for that opinion and he
out of meie complaisance to i< ranee,
equation  which, m  his or.nion,
would  not,
express an
feet, as
supinations with fidelity, so we i
siJt uoon a simtlai observance on theirs
Mr  BRIGGS expressed  a disposition to vot,
for me amendment of the gentleman fioui Virgi-ua,
