324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 3, 1835.
The VICE PRESIDENT Jaid before the Senate
.he credentials of the Hon. Bedford Brown, a
Senator elect to represent the State of North Caro-
lina for six years from and after the 3d March,
1835.
DOCUMENTARY HISTORY.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, made arepoit in regard to the documentary
history of the country, as furnished by the Secre-
tary of State, in obedience to a resolution of the
Senate of last session.
The report was laid on the table.
TREASURY CIRCULAR—LAND OFFICES.
Mr. WEBSTER moved that the'Committeeon
Finance be discharged from the furthei considera-
tion of the circular of the Treasury, in regard to
the land offices; which was agreed to.
BANK OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. WEBSTER said the Committee on Fi-
nance had been directed at the last session to
inquire into the condition of the United States
Bank, the deposite banks, and thecurrency of the
country. He said the two first subjects had
aheady been before the Senate. That in regard
to thecurrency, they had a mass of information,
which had been collected, but that it was not m a
condition to be laid before th« Senate.
-Mr. W. said, by a resolution of the Senate, the
Committee on Finance had been directed to lay
before it information concerning the amount of
bullion in the Bank of the United States, and
other subjects connected therewith; but that the
committee had received no infoimation on that
subject.
Mr. W. said he had observed in the official paper
of the Administration an allusion to certain state-
ments made by himself in regard to the mode of
payment of Treasury drafts by a deposite bank.
He did not feel himself bound to make any expla-
nation toan irresponsible editor; but if any honor-
able Senator in favor of the Administration would
call for the names and dates, he was prepared to
give them. He did not war with private individ-
uáis.
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was refeired the President's
message, transmitting the correspondence between
the Governments of the United States and France,
asked to be dischaiged from the further consider-
ation of the subject and from all other subjects
before them; which was agreed to.
JOHN F. LEWIS.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of John F. Lewis;
which was agreed to.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO CANAL.
Mr HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bill in addition to an
act incorporating the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
Company, with'an amendment.
Mr. NAUDA1N, from theCommittee on Claims,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of subjects íeferred to it; which was agreed
to.
Mr. S1LSBEE, from the Committee on Com-
merce;
Mr. BLACK, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims,
Mr. TYLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions;
Mr. R0BB1N8, fiom the Committee on the
Library;
Mr. BELL, fiom the Committee on Claims;
and
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals—each asked to be discharged
from the several subjects committed to them, which
was agreed to.
Mi. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made an unfavorable report on the claim
of Orange H. Dibble.
Mr. LINN presented a petition; which was laid
on the table.
INSTRUCTIONS FROM NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr MANGUM presented certain resolutions
of the Legislature of Ncth Carolina, instructing
him to vote for expunging from the Journals of
the Senate the resolution of last March, declaring
that the President had violated the law and Con-
stitution of the country.
Mr. M desired that the instructions might be
laid on the table, although he could notobey them.
He said he was commanded to do an act mat
would violate that Constitution which he was
bound to support. Fie did not, however, consider
the Senate the proper place to give his reasons for
disobeying the instructions of the Legislature.
That was a point he was to settle with his con-
stituents.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN stood in the same
predicament as his friend from Noith Carolina,
[Mr. Mangum ] He had constitutional objections
to complying. He believed the Senate had no
power over the Journal. It was a recoid of the
acts of the Senate, guarantied by the Constitution
for the benefit of the minouty. He would warn
the majority who should be in those seats next
session, to leave to him untouched the sacred priv-
ilege, provided by the Constitution, for showing
his successors how he had acted
Mr. CALHOUN expressed his regret that the
subject had been deferred to so late a period of the
session. He believed it the most important sub-
ject that had been brought before Congress; and
a subject on which he had wished to be heard.
He thought they had the same right to express
their disapprobation of as to flatter the Executive.
When tney had arrived to such a period as either
they must flatter or be silent, they should equal
the most degenerate days of the Roman Republic
when the horse of the Emperor was declared
consul.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, was surprised at the
language of the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Calhoun ] The gentleman spoke of an
opportunity of discussing the subject. Did he
not remember the presentation of the instructions
from Alabama' It was great injustice to insin-
uate the discussion had been put off by the friends
of the Administration, when he (Mr. C.) had
occupied the Senate most of the time with his
report and bills', since the resolution was intro-
duced The honorable Senator had spoken of
flattering the Executive. Had not that Senator
heaped upon the President, with the utmostlicense,
his censuies and invectives; and been listened to
with far moie attention than he had listened to
those who spoke in his defence, believing he had
acted honestly and with good intentions? Yet the
Senator compared them to the degenerate times of
the Roman Senate1
Mr. K. said, he for one was not disposed to be
branded as the supple tool of executive power.
If the Senator makes such charges, he must except
him fiom the number     Mr K  said he would not
endure it.    There were certain disappointed aspi-
rants to power who always viewed things through
a gloomy medium, who were ever croaking over
the imaginary rums of our free institutions.
After some further remarks by Messrs. CAL-
' HOUN, MANGUM, and LEIGH,
i    Mr. CLAYTON would say nothing of the ¡n-
I struuions.    He had himself received instructions,
I but of a very diffeient nature from those before
the Senate.    His own State (Delawaie) had in-
. structed him  to resist any attempt to deface the
' Journals of the Senate, and he had risen to make
a motion that would give him an opportunity of
obeying.   He would first move to lay the instruc-
tions on the table.
Which motion was agreed to.
EXPUNGING RESOLUTION.
Mr. CLAYTON then  moved to take up the
resolution, offered by Mr. Ben-ton, for expunging
from the Journals the condemnatory resolution.
Mr. PORTER objected, as the time of the Sen-
ate was required for the necessary business before
it.
Mr. BLACK demanded the yeas and nays.
The motion was suppoited bv Messrs CLAY,
CLAYION, LEIGH, and FRELINGHUY-
SEN, and opposed by Messrs PRESIÓN, and
KING, of Georgia
Mr. BROWN said he wished to. reiterate the
same sentunenis he hid expressed there a year
age. He thought the act, for wh ch the Presi-
dent had been censiued, was one of the brightest
actions of the present Admimstia ion It would
redound to the honor of Piesident Jackson to the
latest period of our Republic.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
and decided in the affirmative
Y'EAS— Messis Bell, Benton, Brown, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, Clay, Clayton, Ewing, Fieliug-
luiysen, Goldsboiough, Grundy, Hill, Kane,
King of Alabama, Knight, Leigh, Linn, McKean,
Mangum, Moms, Mooie, JNaudtun, Prentiss,
Robbins, Robinson, Ruggles, Shepley, Smith,
Swift, l'allmadge, Tomlmson, White, Wright—
33.
NAYS—Messrs. Bibb, Black, Cuthbei', He.i-
dricks, Kent, King oí Geoigis, Porter, Pieston,
Tipton, Tyler, Waggaman, Webstei—12.
So the Senate took up the resolution
Mr. WHITE then moved to amend the reso-
lution by stiiking out the word " expunge," and
inseiting " rescind, reverse, and to make null and
void "
Mr. W. said he could net vote to obli'erate ard
deface the Journal of the Senate. He believeJ it
was the r.ght of every Senatoi to have the votes
stand, that the people might know how they had
voted. He wished the resolution so named as to
express his feelings on the eubject.
Mr. W desired the yeas and nays on the adop-
tion of his amendment; which were ordered
Mr. WEBSTER said he should vote against
the amendment He wished to bung the Senate
to vote on the onginal resolution.
Mr. BENTON said he believed the word " ex-
punge" w£.s strictly parliamentary, fie did not
wish to obliterate the Journal, but to make use of
a phraseology which would strongly express that
the resolution ought never to have been put into
that Journal. The word "rescind" was not
strong enough; it admitted the lawfulness of the
act at the time it was done It was a convenient
term when they merely wished to alter anything;
that had been found inexpedient. It was a mere
harmless word, expressing no maiked disapproba-
tion of the propriety of the resolution at the time
it was adopted. Every Senator (said Mr. B )
might vote to "rescind" the resolution, without
altering his opinion in the least. They might say
that President Jackson was the first Executive
that had evei been condemned in this manner;
therefore they wou'd lescmd the resolution. Such,
and no more, was the force of the term "rescind."
Mr. WHITE said, in his opinion, the term
" expunge" referred to obliterating the Journal,
which he could never consent to have done. He
wished the proceedings to stand as they trans-
pired and go down unblemished to posterity He
thought the proposed amendment, which declared
the resolution null and void, as much as said it
never ought to have been inserted in the Journal
After some furtner remarks from Mr. WHITE
and Mr. WEBSTER, Mr. NAUDA1N moved to
amend the amendment by inserting such words as
would reaffirm the condemnatory resolutions, but
he afterwards withdrew the motion.
After some remarks from Messis. BENTON,
WHITE, GOLDSBOROÜGH, and CLAY-
TON,
• Mr. WRIGHT'said he^id not rise to debate
this question, but merely to ask the indulgence or
the Senate to lay on the table the instiuctions
given him and his colleague by the Legislature of
New York.
Mr. CLAYTON objected.
Mr. McKEAN, after some introductory re-
marks, suggested to Mr. White to modify his
amendment so as to adopt the words used by one
branch of the Pennsylvania Legislature in their
resolution of instiuction upon this subject, which
would make the amendment more acceptable to
him—the effective woids were to repeal and re-
vel se.
Mr. WHITE adopted the words as a modifica-
tion; when
