1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
viding that the building should be constructed of
freestone.
The two latter amendments were negatived,and
the Senate's amendment concuued in.
Mr. WILDE moved to strike out the name of
Pereico, and insert that of Mr Thorwalsden, an
American artist, to be employed in decorating the
Capitol.
Mr WARD said, if there were any works that
commanded the admiration of the visiters of the
Capitol more than others, they were those of Mr.
Pérsico Besides, there weie provisions made
alieady in this bill for American artists.
Mr POLK appealed to the House not to en-
gage in discussions about the merits of artists, at
the last day of the session, with so much business
before them that must be acted on. He hoped
the amendment would at once be rejected.
After a few words from Mr. MERCER, the
amendment was negatived.                            '
Mr WILDE moved to strike out the name of
Mr  Pérsico, and insert that of Mr  Greenough.
Mi ] CI ADAMS said Mr. Greenough was
already engaged in a great work.
The amendment was negatived.
Mr HAMER then moved to strike out the
■whole paragraph, which was agreed to.
Mr. Jarvis's amendment was negatived, and
the amendment of the Senate was concurred m
without a division.
Mr POLK moved that the House non-concur
in the amendment of the Senate providing $250
for recording the opinions of the Judges of the
Supieme Court. The clerk already received suf-
ficient.
Mi HARDiN briefly supported it, and it was
agreed to
Mr MASON, of Virginia, proposed an item of
«¡,7,400 for the system of military tactics for the
army of the United States
Mr MANN, of New York, understood this
was for payng General Scott for translating and
compilns; this woik, which he had done without
the autliouty of any resolution of Congress.
Mr WARD was understood to say that a res-
olution on the subject had been adopted
Jklr MANN had no idea of paying officers
twice over Geneial Scott now received six thou-
sand eight hundred and some odd dollars annually,
and the country was entitled to his whole services.
It was a case similar to that of Commodore Hull,
which the House had rejected.
Mr MASON, of Virginia, explained the facts
of the case A resolution had been adopted
authorizing the Secretary of War to employ a
person to compile a system of military tactics for
the army of the United States He had done so,
the work had been approved of and adopted by
the military committee of that House; a book-
seller had offered General Scott more than was
now asked Mr. M denied that the case of Com-
modore Hull was aralogous to this, because the
sei vices for which that officer claimed extra com-
peisation were w.thin the line of his duty.
Messrs PATTON, MERCER, ARCHER,
and VANCE, further supported the amendment,
and Mr MANN, of New York, and Mr. FER-
RIS opposed it
Mi BEALE proposed to insert $2,500 instead
of 4,7,400
Mr GRENNELL said it was to him a clear
ca&eof contiact between theGovernmentandGen-
eial Scott,and the only question was, whether the
woik was worth the money.
Mi Bi he's amendment was negatived with-
out a divibion.
The amendment of Mr Masc* was also neg-
atived—aye3 57, noes 76
The amendment appiopriatmg §1,330 for the
ptmhase, (for the use of the public land offices,)
i' copies of GdescvSeaton's documents in re-
lation to the public lands, was taken up
Mi LV I LE moved to amend the amendment
by app-opnapng i-i2,000 foi the construction of
one or moie fountain:, in the public grounds adja-
cent to the Capitol, which wis negatived
I he amenument of the Senate was non-con-
cm ted in
I he amendment of the Senate, appropriating
f 10,00) for Gales & Seaton'sState Papers, tot the
yeai   IoJj, v.ns read
Mi   POLK íetened to the large appropriations
hitherto made for this woik. A majority of the
Committee of Ways and Means were opposed to
the amendment
Mr. PLUMMER opposed the amendment.
Every time an appropriation was made to this
object, it was considered authority for continuing
the work up to the period at which the appropri-
ation was made He was disposed to limit these
appropriations, and stop the future publication of
the work, so far as the House was concerned
Mr. MANNING said that if a contract had
been entered into in this case, it ought to be com-
plied with. He asked the chair whether there
existed a contract in relation to this publication 
Mr HARDIN said ifthe books were published,
he would be willing to pay for them If not, he
for one was disposed to put a stop to this useless
waste of the public money He had received the last
and present year, a number of the copies of this
work. They probably cost the Government three
or four dollars per volume, and they were not
worth twelve and a half cents per volume; they
would not pay their carriage to Wheeling. It was
only intended to give a job to the printers of this
city, and it was high time that a stop should be
put to it.
The law authorizing the publication of these
documents was then read.
Mr. HARDIN said this appropriation was for
the present year. He repeated that the work
was worthless The small volumes were not
worth more than six and a quarter cents, and the
larger size not twelve and a half cents per volume.
Mr. BARR1NGER explained the manner in
which the work was compiled and executed He
was surprised that any gentleman should oppose
the amendment under the circumstances of the
case.
Mr HAMER said he did not understand this
contract. It seemed that seven hundred and fifty
copies were to be published, but as to the number
or size of the volumes, no provision was made
There had been already eight or nine volumes
published, and there was no telling whereit would
end. It might be continued for a hundred years.
He was disposed to pay for what had been print-
ed, but he would not go further.
The amendment was then concurred in—yeas
7b, nays 62
The amendment making a further appropriation
of "$10,800 for completing the printing of the land
documents ordered by the Senate was read It
was opposed by Messrs. POLK, PLUMMER,
and VINTON, and supported by Messrs. GAR-
LAND and E. WHITTLESEY.
Mr. E EVERETT moved to amend theamend-
ment, by directing the manner in which the fore-
going work should be distributed; which was
agreed to
Theamendmentof theSenate, asamended, was
then negatived—yeas 59, nays 61.
Mr R M. JOHNSON moved to amend the
bill by appropuatmg $2,600 for the publication of
the new system of discipline and tactics for the
use of the army of the United States
Mr LETCHER moved to amend the amend-
ment by appropriating to General Winfield Scott
$7,500 for compiling and superintending the pub-
lication of the foregoing work.
Mr. WILLIAMS proposed $5,000, which was
agreed to—yeas 76, nays 63
Mr HAWES moved a proviso, that the sum
to be paid to Geneial Winfield Scott should be m
full of all allowances on this account, which was
negatived.
The amendment offered by Mr. JOHNSON,of
Kentucky, was then agreed to, as amended.
Mr SMITH moied to strike out the several
items of the Senate's amendment regarding appro-
priations for the West Point Academy.
Mr SMITH said he did not rise to detain the
progress of this bill more than a (ew minutes He
could not, however, forbear to remark, that the
manner and circumstances in which this proposi-
tion has been brought before this committee, cleax-
ly indicate something mw m the history and con-
dition of the institution at West Point It has
been usual, Mr. Chairman, and J believe mvana-
bly the practice for the items now to be passed
upon to originate m this House, instead of in the
Senate In no instance, (said Mr S ) it is believed,
have they ever been brought before this House,
until now, in the shape of amendments tacked
upon the general appropriation bill of the House
by the Senate.
Mr WATMOUGH said he would explain the
reason of this course, if Mr. S. would permit.
Mr. SMITH continued: He said he well under-
stood the reasons for this novel procedure. And
the committee well understand the why and where-
fore the Senate has thus brought these proposed
appropriations before the House, but he would
not now go into their reasons. He would, how-
ever, observe, that it cannot but appear extraor-
dinary, that appropriations of this magnitude,
amounting, as he believed, to more than $120,000,
should be asked for the support of the Academy
at West Point, while there is lying upon the
table of the Speaker, a report of a committee of
the House, wholly adverse to the institution.
That report, sir, has come from a- committee of
twenty-four members, and is the result of laborious
investigation. And the inutility and unprofitable-
ness of the institution is so fully demonstrated by
that report, that the friends of the academy upon
this floor have not dared to have it printed and
the contents of it brought home to the knowledge
of the members of this House, and of the public.
Repeated efforts have been made to have that re-
port printed, but the friends of the institution have
as frequently defeated it. The report, sir, upon
the Speaker's table demonstrates, that only about
two in five of those who enter the institution,
remain m it to graduate—and that only about
two in five of those who graduate, or about one in
twelve of those who enter the institution, actually
enter the public service, at whose expense they
are educated. The report also demonstrates, that
such are the influences prevailing at the institu-
tion, that mofe dismissals from it take place an-
nually, than at all the other institutions of a similar
high grade in the country. The discipline of the
institution has proved insufficient to counteract
these influences. A portion of the cadets have
been within three or four years past publicly cen-
sured by the head of the War Department, and
to succeed in the government of the institution, a
tavern stand in the vicinity of it was necessarily
bought up a few years since, at en expense of
ten thousand dollars to the people. But (said
Mr. S ) the time of the committee will not admit
of my going more into the detail of the develop-
ments contained m the report of the select com-
mittee, which has been thus far suppressed. I
will, however, make a motion, and leave every
gentleman to take upon himself the responsibility
of voting it down, if he chooses, and I presume it
may be voted down. I will submit a motion,
(said Mr. S ,) that the committee non-concur
with each of the amendments of the Senate,
making appropriations for the academy.
Mr. HAWES moved to amend the amendments
proposed by the Senate, by adding an appropria-
tion forpnntmgfive thousand copies of the report
of the select committee on the Military Academy,
to which Mi Smith had alluded, which motion
was agreed to without opposition.
Whereupon Mr. SMITH withdrew his motion
to non-concur in the amendments of the Senate
The amendment of the Senate appropriating
six hundred and fifty thousand acres of land for
the satisfaction of military bounty land warrants
was read.
It was advocated by Messrs. McKINLEY,
CHINN, HARDIN, JOHN Y. MASON, and
ALLEN of Virginia, and opposed by Messrs.
PARKER, MILLER, VINTON, and BURD,
when the amendment was agreed to—yeas 83,
nays 48.
The amendment making an appropriation of
lands to satisfy certain confirmed land claims in
the State of Missouri, was read It was op-
posed by Messrs CAVE JOHNSON and WIL-
LIAMS, and advocated by Messrs. ASHLEY,
and WHITE, of Florida, when it was disagreed
to.
The amendment in relation to the compensation
of officers of the customs was read.
Mr VANCE opposed the amendment, and it
was supported by Messrs. SUTHERLAND,
PHILLIPS, and PINCKNEY, when it was con-
curred in
Mr McKINLEY moved an amendmentmaking
an additional appropriation for the pay of the
