THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES
23d Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 7, 1835.
Vol. 2....No. 21.
VINTON, and H. EVERETT, and supported
by Messrs. POLK, BEARDSLEY, and GlL-
MER.
Mr. STEWART moved the previous question;
which was seconded and agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was then con-
curred in—ayes 93, noes not counted.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The bill making appropriations for certain forti-
acations, already commenced, was taken up.
A portion of the amendments adopted in the
ammittee to the Senate's amendments were con-
curred in.
The amendment of the Senate appropriating
$75,000 for the repair of the fortifications in Bos-
ton harbor was read.
The question being on the amendment to
this item, adopted in committee, appropriating
$3,000,000, to be expended by the President in
the recess of Congress, if he should deem it ex-
pedient, for the military and naval service, includ-
ing fortifications, ordnance, &c,
Mr. HIESTER demanded the yeas end nays;
which were ordered, and were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John duincy Adams, John
Adams, J. J. Allen, William Allen, Beale, Bean,
Beardsiey, Beaumont, Bockee, Bodle, Boon,
Brown, Bull, Bunch, Bynum,Cage,Cambreleng,
Carmiehael, Casey, Chaney,Samuel Clark,Con-
nor, Coulter, Cramer, Day, Denny, Dickerson,
Dickinson, Dunlap, Horace Everett, Forester,
William K. Fuller, Fulton, Galbraith, Gillet,
Graham, Joseph Hall,Thomas H. Hall, Halsey,
Hamer, Hannegan, James Harper, Harrison,
Hawkins, Hawes, Heath, Howell, Hubbard,
Huntington, Inge, Jarvis, Richard M. Johnson,
Noadiah Johnson, Cave Johnson, Kavanagh.
Ki Igore, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, Lea, Lee, Love,
Lucas, Lyon, Lytle, Abijah Mann, Manning,
JohnY. Mason, May, Mclntire, McKay, McKim,
McKinley, McLene, McVean, Miller, MUligan,
Henry Mitchell, Robert Mitchell, Moore, Muh-
lenburg, Murphy, Osgood, Parks, Parker, Patter-
son, Pearce, Peyton, Pierce, Pierson, Plummer,
Polk, Reynolds,Schenck, Schley,Shinn,Speight,
Steele, Stewart, Sutherland, William Taylor,
Francis Thomas, Thomson, Turner, Turrill,
Vanderpoel.Van Houten.Wagner, Ward.White,
Wise—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Heman Allen,Chilton Allan,
Ashley, Barringer, Bates, Beatty, Bell, Bouldin,
Brig s, Campbell, Chambers, Chinn, Claiborne,
William Clark, Clowney, Corwin, Crane, Darling
ton, A. Davis, Davenport, Deberry, Dickson,
Evans, Edward Everett, Ewing, Felder, Fillmore,
Foster, Philo C. Fuller, Gamble, Garland, Ghol-
son, Gilmer, Gordon, Gorham, Grennell, Griffin,
Hiland Hall, Hard, Hardin, Hazeltine, Hiester,
W. Jackson, William Cost Johnson, King,
Lewis, Lincoln, Martindale, Marshall, McKen-
nan, Mercer, Miner, Patton, Phillips, Pickens,
Pinckney, Potts, Ramsay, Reed. Rencher, Robert-
son, William B. Sdepard, Augustine H. Shep-
perd, Slade, Spangier, William P. Taylor, Phile-
mon Thomas/Trumbull,Tweedy,Vance, Vinton,
Watmough, Elisha Whittlesey, Williams, Wil-
son, Young—77.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.                                                         ,
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was then concurred in.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
The bill making appropriations for light-boats,
buoys, (fee, was taken up.
The amendments of the Senate (which had
been agreed to in committee) were concurred ill.
THANKS TO THE SPEAKER.
Mr E WHITTLESEY submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was unanimously agreed to:
Resolved, That the thanks of this House be pre-,
seined to the Hon. John Bew., for the able, im-
partial,  nd dignified manner m which  he has
2L
presided over its deliberations, and performed the
arduous and important duties of the chair.
BRANCH MINTS.
The House then resolved itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Speight in the chair,) on various bills from the
Senate, &c.
BRANCHES OF THE MINT.
The first bill considered was " An act to estab-
lish branches of the mint of the United States."
Mr. C P. WHITE moved an amendment
establfshing a branch at the city of New York.
Mr. McKINLEY said he was favorably dis-
posed towards the amendment, but it was evident
it could not be sanctioned by the Senate at this
late hour.
Mr. CAMBRELENG advocated the amend-
ment.
The amendment was lost, and the bill was laid
aside.
THE CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The committee next took up and considered
the bill for the continuation of the Cumberland
road in Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois; which was laid
aside.
JUDICIAL LIMITS.
The committee then took up the bill entitled-an
act supplementary to the act entitled an act to
amend the judicial system of the United States.
The provisions of this bill, as before stated in
the Globe, are these:
It provides for consolidating the circuits com-
posed of New Jersey and Pennsylvania, with that
composed of Delaware and Maryland, and re-
quiring Judge Baldwin to hold the circuit courts
in the Delaware and Maryland circuit, so as to
obviate the necessity of appointing a Judge of the
Supreme Court in that circuit, and thereby to ex-
tend the circuit system to the Western States.
Mr. HARDIN proposed an amendment to the
bill, the substance of which he stated. Instead of
eight circuit judges, he proposed nine. If the
House would take a review of the United States,
it would be evident to every one that eight judges
were too few. The Supreme Court required
sixty days, besides what the States of the new
proposed circuit would require. The bill before
the House would require above forty weeks of the
undivided attention of the judge of the new circuit,
more labor than any man could well perform.
Besides, there was a great propriety in making the
number of judges to be an odd number, similar to
committees of the House, because, if they were
equally divided, no adjudication could be made.
Mr. H. farther explained the provisions of hjs
amendment as to the regulation of the new circuits.
Mr. ROBERTSON opposed the amendment.
A similar proposition was made to that House
some years ago, which was debated for three
weeks, and defeated, as he feared the present bill
would be.
Mr G1RLAND said, if the amendment were
adopted, the bill would be defeated as a similar
one had been six or seven years ago. That bill
passed the Senate, and when it came into the
House was defeated by a similar amendment to
the present. He urged upon the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Hahdin,] if he was favorable to
the bill, to withdraw his amendment at once.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, also opposed
the amendment on the same ground, and called
upon the committee to take the question upon it
at once.                                            '          ,  .-
Mr THOMAS, of Maryland, expressed his
approbation of the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. It has been offered at
his instance by the Committee on the Judiciary,
and had one good ingredient at least—it was cal-
culated to accommodate the new States witnout
depriving one of the old thirteen of a right en-
joyed since the organization of the Government.
With this fact full before him he could not feel
that the two gentlemen from Louisiana displayed
their accustomed liberality in urging, as they did,
the passage of the bill without amendment. New
Orleans, doubtless, needed a circuit court. From
the character of the causes cognizable by the Fed-
eral judiciary, that large commercial city oujjht to
have the boon this bill proposed to grant. This
was conceded, and the zeal of the gentleman from
Louisiana commended while it was displayed in
behalf of that feature of this bill which secured to
their constituents that which they had a right to
demand, and could not but feel they were unjust
towards the citizens of Maryland. If New Or-
leans had strong claims to the full benefit of ali
the courts organized to enforce the laws of the
Union, surely Baltimore, one of the first commer-
cial cities of the United States, will be cruelly out-
raged by the passage of this bill without amend-
ment.
The bill as it came from the Senate, was an act
of monstrous injustice to Maryland; and that any
representative of that State could stand silently by
and witness this sacrifice of the rights of his con-
stituents, was cause to him of great surprise.
With what propriety could the fourth circuit be
abolished ?   It appeared from the statements fur-
nished to the Judiciary Committee by the clerks
of the several circuit courts, that in the year 1833
the circuit  court was  in  session  in  Maryland
eighty-four days, in Delaware six days.   From
the same statement, we learn that similar courts
sit on an average in the Virginia circuit forty-two
days, and in the Georgia circuit, thirty-two days
annually.    There is then more business to trans-
act in the fourth circuit than there is in the fifth
and sixth circuits united; if either of the Atlantic
circuits were therefore to be abolished, it would be
much  more reasonable to  blend  that of South
Caro'ina and Georgia with Virginia and North
Carolina, than to make the unnatural combination
which this bill proposes.   If the venerable and ven-
erated  Chief Justice was  required   to  hold the
courts of Maryland, Virginia, and North Carolina,
he would be on the circuit bench one hundred and
thirty-two days, while Judge Wayne would be on
the bench only thirty-two days in the year.   The
mere statement of these facts must carry convic-
tion to the mind of every man, that the true object
of this bill did not appear on its face.    In fact, if
members would engage seriously and solely in the
good work of extending the benefits of the Judi-
ciary system to the whole Union, and not in the
unholy work of destroying by indirect means an
estimable citizen, they would conclude as he had
done, that Maryland needed, more a separate cir-
cuit court than any State south or west of Penn-
sylvania except the State of Louisiana.    The
States in the interior cannot long furnish many
causes for the employment of the Federal Judi-
ciary.   The cases now pending before State courts,
in the western States, will be found to have ori-
ginated chiefly from the fact that this-Government
is a large landholder.   Trespasses committed on
the national domain, and suits instituted to enforce
contracts  growing out of the sale of the public
lands, will constitute, doubtless, four-fifths of the
cases which the judges will be called on to decide
in the circuit courts the bill proposes to establish
in Illinois, Indiana, and Missouri.    The time is
rapidly  approaching when   such  cases can   no
! longer arise, and then the judgeships now about
to be created for the benefit of these States will
I become mere sinecures.   Howdifferentmustbethe
i c.ondition'of things in Maryland-   Baltimore is a
' port of entry, at which is collected more revenue
than at all the ports of the four southern Atlantic
States    To collect this revenue, the Federal courts
are needed, and as its amount will increase with
the rapidly augmenting business of that city, the
labors of these judges will also accumulate.    J. he
maritime jurisdiction of the circuit courts too will
afford laborious employment to judges in Haiti-
more,and (through which city the citizens residing
in Virginia, west of the Blue Ridge, and in Penn-
sylvania, on many of the tributary streams of the
