330                                   THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________      March 3
Susquehanna, carry commerce with all the world)
while m the interior States named, few causes, if
any, co^ld arise under this branch of the jurisdic-
tion of the Federal courts
Mr T said it was too obvious to require illus-
tration, that the object of this bill did not appear
on its face and had not been avowed by those with
whom it originated This he would show more
fully than he had attempted, when it came up for
consideration in the House, when he proposed to
make a few brief comments on the facts and state-
ments with which he had now troubled tne com-
mittee.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
A message was here received from the Senate,
announcing that  that body insisted upon their
amendments to the general appropriation bill, and
had appointed a committee of conference.
Mr POLK moved that the House insist, and
that a committee of conference be appointed on
the part of that House to meet the committee of
the Senate, and that the number be thiee.
Agreed to.
The committee appointed were Mr. Polk, Mr.
Everett, and Mr. Beardslev.
JUDICIARY LIMITS—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER then left the chair, and the
House resumed its proceedings in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, on the Judi-
ciary bill
Mr. MULLIGAN, in order to avoid miscon-
struction, both hers and at home, asked the indul-
gence of the House to say a few words on the
subject of this bill Suits in the State of Delaware
were like angels visits, few and far between. He
felt perfectly satisfied that his constituents would
approve of the bill upon the table He should
support it, believing he had their sanction for so
doing He concluded by eulogizing the character
of Judge Marshall
Mi CARMICHAEL said, if the amendment
Df the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr Hardin]
was agreed to, he would vote for the bill, other-
wise he should feel it his duty to enter into a
detailed discussion of the merits of the bill. After
Borne further remarks, he yielded the floor to
Mr MILLER, of Pennsylvania.who suggested
that it would facilitate the business of the House,
if the committee should rise and repoit their pro-
ceedings to the House
Mr FILLMORE expressed a similar wish.
Mr Carmichael here yielded the floor, in
order that the leport of the joint committee of
conference on the disagreement of the two Houses,
in relation to amendments to the general appro-
priation, bi'l, might be made
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
TheSPEAKER having resumed thechan, Mr
POLK, from the joint committee of conference,
reported that the ctfmmittee had unanimously
agreed to íecommend to the House to recede fiom
its disagieement to the amendment of the Senate,
making appropriations for the salary of a Minis-
ter to Gieat Butain, and Secretary of Legation,
at d that the s-ilary of a Minister to Oieat Britain
be stiicktn out This branch of the report was
coneuned in by the House, as also theiecom-
merdatun that the House recede from its disa-
greement to the amendments of the Senate, makirg
an -ipoiopnat,on to Samuel Slatei, to Gales &
Seaton, foi punting congressional documents, ->r]d
making an appropriation for printing five thousand
copies of the report of the comm.ttee on the West
Point Academy
Die joint commntee of confetence further recom-
mended that the Senate recede from their amend-
ments in relation to land claims in Missouri, and
an aoprounaiion fur a load in Alabama
The Hiuse then insisted upon the tivo'atter
amendments
JUDICIAL LIMITS—AGAIN.
The  House  being again m Committee of the
Whole, Mr   HARDIN propose!  to amend the ,
bul by «Miking out  seven and inserting eight as
applied  to  tl.e  number of judges of the cncui', |
with several   other  amendments  íelative   to its
location and boundaries                                              h
The amend1 icnts weie affreed to                           ||
Mr 1 HO VI AS, of Maryland, said his colleague l|
[Mi   Cti uicm l] had given way on the under   i
standing that when the bill came into the House ¡
he should not be prevented from delivering his
views on it by the motion for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr BEARDSLEY rose (he said) to propose
an amendment to this bill.
FORTIFICATION BILL—THREE MILLIONS.
A message was here received from the Senate,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair, the
House took up the amendment to the fortification
bill, appropriating the $3,000,000, and the resolu- !
tion of the Senate that it would insist on its dis-
agreement.
Mr GHOLSON expressed a fervent hope that
the House would recede from its amendment. He
was conscious that no man, woman, or child, in
the United States, who had any intelligence of the
matter, seriously believed that France would de-
clare war against this country. The appropriation !
was, therefore, unnecessary, and the House might i
with propriety abandon the amendment. He
moved that the House do recede.                              ,
Mr CAMBRELENG said he trusted the
House would not recede. If no measures were
to be taken for the defence of the country, let the
Senate take the responsibility.
Mr  GORDON was in favor of receding.    The
amendment was extremely objectionable.    It was j
unparalleled in the legislative history ofourcoun- j
try     It placed the purse and the sword both in ,
the hands of the Executive, and made the legisla-
tive subservient to the executive power.    It was I
but yesterday that we were told emphatically that |
there was to be no war wjth France.   To-night, i
at tne moment of adjournment, we were called
upon to place the whole public treasure in the
hands of the Executive to provide for the contin-
gencies of war
Mr BYNUM said he trusted in God this House
would not recede from this amendment This
was an opposition evidently not to the measure,
but to the Executive This question between
America and France was about to be tortured into
an Administration and an anti-Administration
question. Mr. B said he was sorry to see the
opposition to it come from the quarter it did, there
were certain parts of this country, and certain
men in it, he was aware, who would not intrust
to the President the expenditure of ten dollars—
but the Amencan people had shown that they
would intrust in his hands ten millions
Mr GHOLSON here explained It was far
from his intention to make this either an Admin-
istration or an anti-Administration question; the
opposition which he made to this measure he
would extend to the Father of his Country, were
he to rise and propose it.
Mr. BYNUM continued. He could not be
deceived—this was evidently a measure of oppo-
sition to the Admmistiation, and there were men
who would willingly see the banner of France
waving over your Capitol, rather than lose the
opportunity of making a thrust at the Admims-
trat'on He could see through it Another branch
of this Government, not satisfied with endeavor-
ing to thwart the patnotic views of the Executive,
must now attempt to legislate for us Let them
triumph, and he asked where is your indepen-
dence' where yout constitutional power' where
your republican Government' Gone, sunk in
I oblivion, and you have a lank anstocracy for
li yom Government
Mr WISE said he agreed with his col'eague
[Mr Gholson] that this was no pitiful Adminis-
tration or anti Administration quebtton It was
a national question, and in that view he, for one,
had voted for it But Mr W said he rose more
especially to notice a remaik of another colleague,
[Mr Gordon,] who had said this amendment
vested legislative powers in the Executive; that it
unites the purse with the sword This position
he denied He a ked how we were si uated at
the commencement of the last war with G-eat
Butain' Was not 'he same cry then heard ' And
how did we then find luise'ves prepared for the
emeigency' He deled the gent'emana* a lawyer,
a constitutional lawyer, to show in what resnect
the legislative power was placd in the hands of
the Executive Mr W said he we- as much
opposed as his honorable colleague could neto the
overweening and all giaspi g tendency of execu-
tive power. Mr. W did not distinctly recollect
whether his colleague [Mr Gordon] voted fo«
the "peace resolution" of his other colleague,
[Mr Archer ] Mr. W. said for himself he
could say he did vote for it. But he believed in
the propriety of in peace preparing for war. He
did believe there absolutely existed a danger, a
prospect of war, and in the event of its occurrence,
every fortification on your coast was liable to fall
into the hands of a stiong maritime Power. He
wished to give his constituents information—and
he regretted that he was compelled to use the time
of the House to tell them that such was the danger
m which their interests stood. He believed the
appropriation to be politic and necessary; and h 
would adhere to it
Mi McKENNAN here moved the previous
question; which was seconded.
The mam question was then put on the motion
of Mr Gholson, to recede from the amendment
of the House, appropriating $3,000,000 for tha
support of fortifications, and. taken by yeas and
nays, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs.John Q, Adams, Heman Allen,
Chi'ton Allan, Archer, Ashley, Barber, Barnitz,
Bamnger, Beatty, Bouldm, Campbell, Chambers,
Chinn, Claiborne, William Clark, Clowney,Cor-
win, Crane, Crockett, Darlington, Davis, Daven-
port, Debeiry, Dickson, Evans, Edward Everett,
Horace Everett, Ewmg, Felder, Fillmore, Foster,
Philo C Fuller, Gamble, Garland, Gholson, Gil-
mer, Gordon, Graham, Grennell, Griffin, Hiland
Hall, Hard, Hardin, James Harper, Hazeltine,
Hiester, William Jackson, William C. Johnson,
Henry Johnson, Seaborn Jones, King, Lay,
Letcher, Lewis, Lincoln, Martmdale, Marshall,
McKay, McKennan, Mercer, Milligan, Miner,
Patton, Phillips, Pickens, Pinckney, Potts, Ram-
say, Reed, Rencher, Robertson, William B. Shep-
ard,Spang!er, Steele, Stewart, William P. Taylor,
Philemon Tnomas, Trumbull, Tweedy, Vance,
Vinton, Watmough, Ehsha Whittlesey, Wilde,
Williams, Wilson, Young—89.
NAYS—Messrs John Adams, John J Allen,
William Allen, Anthony, B°ale, Bean, Beardsley,
Beaumont, Blair, Bockee, Boon, Bull, Burns, By-
num, Cage, Cambreleng, Carmichael, Carr, Casey,
Samuel Clark, Clay, Connor, Coulter, Cramer,
Day,Denny, Dunlap,Forester,William K. Fuller,
Fulton, Galbraith, Gillet, Joseph Hall, Thomas
H Hall, Halsey, Hamer, Hannegan, Joseph M.
Harper, Harrison, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes,
Heath, Henderson, Howell, Hubbard, Hunting-
ton, Inge, Jarvis, Richard M Johnson, Noadiah
Johnson, Kavanagh, Kilgore, Kmnard, Lane,
Lansing, Lea, Lee, Love, Lucas, Lyon, Lytle,
Abijah Mann, Joel K Mann, Manning, Mardis,
John Y Mason, Moses Mason, May, McCarty,
| Mclntire, McKim.McKinley, McLene, McVean,
Miller, Henry Mitchell, Robert Mitchell, Moore,
Muhlenbeie, Murphy, Oseood, Parks, Parker,
Patterson, Pearce, Peyton, Pierce, Pierson, Plum-
mer, Polk, Reynolds, Schenck, Schley, Augustine
H Shepperd, Shinn, Smith, Speight, S'andifer,
Sutherland, William Taylor, Francis Thomas,
Turner, Turnll, Vanderpoel, Van Houten, Wag-
ener, Wardwell, Webster, Wh'te, Wise—110
So the House refused to recede from its amend-
ment
The House went again into committee on the
judiciary bill
JUDICIAL LIMITS----AGAIN.
Mr BEARDSLEY sent his amendment to the
Chair on the judiciary bill, being an additional
section to the bill, providing for certain alterations
in the circuit of New York, and making it the
second circuit Also, that the places of holding
the same shou'd be at Albany and Utica.
Mr B gave a brief explanation of the reasons
which had induced him to prepare this amend-
men' The northern district of New York had
now nothing more than one district coui t, and an
extension was gieatly desired It might be m-
quned what were the population and business that
I thepiopo^ed ciicmt embraced It contained twelve
or fourteen hundred thousand inhabitants, who
j employed as much capital as any other region of
the same size m the country Tne bill provided
for the erection of two new circuit courts in the
western country, a measuie for which Mr B was
decidedly m fj./or     The first of thpse two circuits
