332                                  THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________Mai ch 3^1835.
annuities; which was laid on the table and ordered
.o be printed.
And a communication from the Postmaster
General.
Mr. CONNOR moved that it be la.d on the
table and printed
Mr. EVANS said the latter communication ap-
peared to be an appeal to the public thiough this
body. It asked no legislative action, and from a
glance at Us commencement he discovered that
Mr Barrt had styled the report of the committee
an aspersion upon his character. He submitted
whether it was proper that the House should order
the printing of this paper.
Mr. CONNOR said he had read no part of this
communication. He understood from one of hia
colleagues of the committee, [Mr. Beardsley,]
who had hastily glanced over the communication,
tfit it was respectful to the committee and the
House. It was a review of the reports For one
he would say, that if the committee were mis-
taken, and if they had fallen into errors, he should
be happy to have them corrected. He was in
favor of printing the communication.
Mr. MILLER said the House had ordered
both of the reports to be printed, without hearing
either of them read, and he was in fairer of print-
ing this communication, in order that it might
accompany the documents to which he had re-
ferred. The Postmaster Gsneral had alleged that
his character had been implicated, and he had
made an explanation. It was nothing but fair
that it should be printed. That officer had not an
opportunity of being present at the investigations
of the committee, which he should have had. It
was but an act of common justice to permit his
defence to go along with the reports of the com-
mittee.
Mr. E. WHITTLESEY was proceeding to
address the House, but gave way to a message
from the Senate, by Mr Lowrie, as follows:
"Resolved, That a message be sent to the honor-
1 able the House of Representatives, respectfully
' to remind the House of the report of the commtt-
' tee of conference appointed on the disagreeing
' votes of the two Houses, on the amendment of
'the House to the amendment of the Senate to
' the bill respecting the fortifications of the United
'States."
Mr. CAMBRELENG said that the committee
of conference of the two Houses had met, and
had concurred in an amendment which was very
unsatisfactory to jiim. It proposed an uncondi-
tional appropriation of $300,000 for arming the
fortifications, and $500,000 for repairs of and equip-
p'ng our vessels ot war—an amount totally inade-
quate, if it should be required, and more than was
necessary, if it should not be When he came
into the House from the conference, they were
calling the yeas and nays on the resolution to pay
the compensation due the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr Letcher;} he voted on that resolu-
tion, but there was no quorum voting. On a
subsequent proposition to adjourn, the yeas and
nays were called, and again there was no quorum
voting. Under such circumstances, and at two
o'clock in the morning, he did not feel authorized
to present to the House an appropriation of
$800,000 He regretted the loss, not only of the
appropriation for the defence of the country, but
of the whole fortification bill, but let the responsi-
bility fall where it ought—on the Senate of the
United States.   The House had discharged its
duty to the country. It had sent the fortification
bill to the Senate with an additional appropriation,
entirely for the defence of the country. The
Senate had rejected that appropriation without
even deigning to propose any amendment what-
ever, either in form or amount The House sent
it a second time, and a second time no amend-
ment was proposed, but the reveise; the Senate
adhered, without condescending to ask even a
conference. Had that body asked a conference
in the first instance, some provision would have
been made for defence, and the fortification bill
would have been saved before the hour arrived j
which terminated the existence of the present
House of Representatives As it was, the com-
mittees did not concur till this House had ceased
to exist—the yeas and nays had been twice taken
without a quorum—the bill was evidently lost, and
the Senate must take the responsibility of leaving
the country defenceless. He could not feel au-
thorized to report the bill to the House, situated
as it was, and at this hour in the morning; but if
any other member of the committee of conference
proposed to do it, he should make no objection,
though he believed such a proposition utterly in-
effectual at this hour; for no member could, at this
hour in the morning, be compelled to vote.
Mr. LEWIS asked if there was a quorum m
the House >
A count being had, it appeared that only 114
members were in attendance, which was not a
quorum                                                   *
Mr. FILLMORE moved an adjournment, but
withdrew the motion at the request of
Mr. LOVE, who moved a call of the House.
Mr. CARMICHAEL renewed the motion to
adjourn
Mr. WILDE demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 35, nays 76
No quorum.
Mr SMITH moved that a message be sent to
the Senate, informing that body that this House,
having completed the business before it, was ready
to adjourn
A message was received from the Senate by Mr
Lowrie, their Secretary, announcing that the Sen-
ate, having completed its business, were ready to
adjourn
Mr. MERCER contended that under the Con-
stitution and practice of the House it was not
bound to adjourn at twelve o'clock at night on the
third of March
Mr. HARDIN contended that under the Con- j
stitution the House could not continue in session I
after twelve o'clock at night on the third of March.
He  insisted  that the House had  continued  in
session more than two hours beyond the time
which they had a right to sit.
Mr. PARKERsaid the first Congress assembled
at ten or eleven o'clock on the 4th of March, and
the functions of this body would not cease until
that time of day on the 4th.
Mr BRIGGS said, as there was no quorum he
could not see the propriety of sending a message
to the Senate. His honorable colleague [Mr.
Adams] had said the other day, that this House
would be numbered with the dead on the 3d of
March That day had passed, and he would
only say that, if we were numbered among the
dead, we were the most noisy dead that he had
ever seen.
COMPENSATION TO MR. LETCHER.
On motion of Mr. WILDE, the resolution pay-
ing Mr. Letcher for his attendance on the House
at the last session was again taken up
Mr MANN,of New York, demanded theyeas
and nays on the adoption of the resolution
Mr BARRINGER said the gentleman from
New York had no right to make a motion, inas-
much as he did not believe that tHe body was in
existence.
Mr. MANN replied that he was as much a
member of the House as any other gentleman.
The yeas and nays were refused;  but a eount
being called for, there appeared fi!r the resolution
—72, against it 3; no quorum.
Mr Smith's resolution in relatirJff to the ad-
journment was then read.
Mr PARKER wished to ask gentlemen whether
they could vote that the business was finished.
He referred to the situation of the bill making
appropriations for fortifications. The House had
appointed a committee of conference That com-
mittee had not reported; and the important meas-
ure remained unacted on
Mr. PHILLIPS inquired whether the report
of the committee of conference had been sub-
mitted.
The CHAIR was understood to say that it had
not
Mr C LYON moved to amend Mr Smith's
resolution by informing the Senate that the House,
having no quorum to do business, was ready to
adjourn.
Mr REED said that we could have a quorum
when one was wanted. That House had not don*
its duty—
[Here Mr. Reed was called to order by several
members. He, however, continued his remarks
for some moments amid calls to order and much
confusion.]
Mr. CAMBRELENG regretted as much as the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Reed] the
loss of tVie fortification bill, but he protested against
the right of this body at half past two in the
morning of the 4th of March to call gentlemen
here, who in honor and in conscience believed
themselves no longer members of this body. The
bill was lost, and the Senate must be held respon-
sible to the country, for no member could now be
compelled to answer to the call.
Mr. BARRINGER said that the bill had been
lost by intrigue here.
Mi. LEWIS moved a call of the House; which
was negatived.
Mr. J. Y. MASON said that he understood
that the Senate had adjourned; it was therefore
unnecessary to pass a resolution on the subject.
He moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. MERCER said he understood that the
Senate had not adjourned
Mr MASON said he obtained his information
from a member of the House.
Mr. SPANGLER askeo for the yeas and nays
on the adjournment; which were ordered
The Clerk was proceeding with the call of th«
roll, when
Mr. BARRINGER said that the Senate had
undoubtedly adjourned. He moved to suspend
the call of the yeas and nays; which was agreed
to.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to.
Mr. SPEAKER BELL then rose, and after
delivering an appropriate valedictory address,
adjourned the House at three o'clock, a. m , with-
out day.
Reprinted, September, 1855.
