1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
Legislature, and having in each branch a con-
stitutional quorum, is complete, and I do not
see any safety in adopting any other rule.
But it is said that this was not the Legisla-
ture of Georgia in 1868, and that is the point
that is made. Why ^vas it not the Legislature
of Georgia? Why wa3 it not as much the
Legislature of Georgia as the men who assem-
bled in Alabama in 1868 constituted the Legis-
lature of Alabama, or those who assembled in
North Carolina or South Carolina were the
Legislatures of those States? It was under
precisely the same law. Under the authority
of the military commander the Legislatures
assembled in all these States in 1868. The
Legislatures elected Senators and the people
elected Representatives. Their Representa-
tives have been sitting in the other House of
Congress, and those Senators have been sitting
here ever since that time. Why was not the
body that assembled in Georgia just as good a
Legislature as any of the others ? The Legis-
lature of Georgia passed upon the election and
qualification of its own members in 1808. So,
I venture to say, did the Legislature of Ala-
bama, and the Legislature of Arkansas, and
the Legislatures of North and South Carolina.
Were those States regularly reorganized and
the State of Georgia not? I tell you, Mr.
President, that the difficulty grows out of the
revolutionary proceeding of that body in Geor-
gia subsequent to the election of Senators. If
the colored men had not been expelled from
that Legislature in September, 1868, and
minority men put in their places to legislate
for the people of Georgia; if the peace of the
State had not been disturbed by these revolu-
tionary proceedings, does anybody believe that
there would ever have been any question about
the reorganization of the State of Georgia any
more than there was as to Alabama, or South
Carolina, or North Carolina? And can this
subsequent proceeding affect the election of
Hill in July, 1868? It seems to me not.
Now, Senators, I believe you have the facts
before you. I promised not to go into a dis-
cussion of the general subject of reconstruc-
tion. I was anxious in opening this case to
the Senate to state the facts about it. Each
Senator will judge for himself. Certainly I
have no feeling as to which of these Senators
is admitted. 1 do not regard it as important,
in a political or any other point of view, ex-
cept that the Senate should decide correctly;
and I shall be quite satisfied myself with any
decision that the Senate may make. It seems
to me that there was a Legislature in Georgia
in 18G8 duly organized. General Meade said
?o; he withdrew the military authority. Cer-
tainly Hill was duly elected by that Legisla-
ture. There is no question about his creden-
tials. Why, then, is he not entitled to his
seat? Upon what ground can it be said that
there was no Legislature there? Perhaps it
may be said on the ground of this last act. We
passed an act on the loth of July, 1870, about
the later proceedings in Georgia. That act
declares:
"That the State of Georgia having complied with
the reconstruction acts"—
That had been stated by an act passed in
June, 1868—
" and the fourteenth and fifteenth articles of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States hav-
ing been ratified in good faith by a legal Legislature
nf said State, it is hereby declared that the State of
Qeorgia is entitled to representation in the Congress
of the United States. But nothing in this aot con-
tained shall be construed to deprive the people of
Qeorgia of thd right to an election," &c.
It was declared in July, 1870, (last July,)
that the State of Georgia had complied with
the reconstruction acts. We had stated that
in June, 1808. It is stated in July, 1870, that
the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments had
; been ratified in good faith by a legal Legisla-
ture of the State of Georgia. Now, I wish the
attention of the Senate especially to that recital.
The act of December 22, 1860, did not require
the Legislature to ratify the fourteenth amend-
ment. The fourteenth amendment had been
ratified by the Legislature in 1868, and when
we passed that act, in December, 1869, we sim-
ply required them to ratify the fifteenth amend-
ment, because they had already ratified the
fourteenth; and now what does thia recital
say? It is, that "the fourteenth and fifteenth
articles of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States have been ratified in good
faith by a legal Legislature of said State."
The Legislature, as reorganized in 1870, never
ratified the fourteenth amendment. What
Legislature did ratify the fourteenth amend-
ment ? The Legislature as it existed in 1868.
The Legislature of 1870 undertook to ratify it,
it is true. It passed a resolution to that effect;
but there were only seventy members voting
for it, less than a quorum of the sworn mem-
bers, as the journal, which I have here, shows.
The journal shows that on the question of rati-
fying the fourteenth amendment in the house
of representatives of Georgia, consisting at
the time of one hundred and fifty members,
only seventy voted, one way or the other, alto-
gether on the subject. Of course that is worth-
less. When was it, then, that the ratification
was made in good faith by a legal Legislature
of the fourteenth amendment? It was in
1868, in July, when the Legislature, as then
organized, ratified duly the fourteenth amend-
ment ; and we have the journals here showing
that. And the only time that the fourteenth
amendment ever was ratified in the State of
Georgia was by the Legislature which con-
vened in 1868. This recital, the statement in
this law, would be conclusive in a court.
I know it is said, "Ah, but did you know
when we passed that law of July 15, 1870, that
there was not any quorum in the Legisla-
ture, as reorganized, when it voted on the four-
teenth amendment." There was a quorum
when it voted on the fifteenth amendment;
and it duly ratified the fifteenth amendment;
but that had not been proposed in 1868. In
1870 the reorganized Legislature did ratify the
fifteenth amendment, a quorum voting: but
they never ratified the fourteenth amendment;
and the question is asked, '' When this bill was
passed, July 15, 1870, declaring that the four-
teenth amendment had been ratified by a legal
Legislature, did yon know that no quorum voted
in the house of representatives of Georgia, in
the reorganized Legislature ?" No; the mat-
ter had not been brought to our attention ; but
we did know, I knew, the country knew, that
the fourteenth amendment had been duly rati-
fied in 1868. It had been so proclaimed by
the Secretary of State and by the President,
under the act of Congress. The act of Con-
gress of June, 1868, required the President,
when the fourteenth amendment was ratified,
to make known that fact by proclamation, and
the President had doue it. And as to whether
the Legislature, in 1870, after its reorganiza-
tion, ever ratified the fourteenth amendment
nobody stopped to inquire. We did inquire to
know that it had ratified the fifteenth amend-
ment. There was no importance attached to
its action in regard to the fourteenth.
Mr. President, I believe I have submitted
all that I desire in opening this matter to the
Senate for its consideration. I shall be happy
at any time to answer any questions in regard
to the facts involved in it that may be in my
possession that any Senator may need in
making op his opinion as to how he ought
to vote in the case before him; but with these
remarks, so far as I am concerned, unless it
may be in reply to somebody else, I shall
have nothing further to. say.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to ask the
Senator one question. Do I understand him
to say that both Hill and Miller received the
requisite number of votes of members who
were afterward declared to be eligible to
elect them ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. WARNER. The law of Congress of
1866 requires that there shall be present a
majority of the members elected, and that a
choice shall require a majority of those.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. WARNER. I had supposed that in
the case of Mr. Miller he did not receive the
number requisite to elect of eligible members.
Am I mistaken in that ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator-is entirely
mistaken. Two hundred and ten persons voted
on the election of Miller. If every member
had been present in both houses there would
have been two hundred and seventeen present,
but two hundred and ten were present; only
seven absent persons, the Senator wilt see.
Of the two hundred and ten present Miller
received 117; and if you take out all that were
excluded either by military authority or by the
Legislature itself as it organized in 1870, Miller
still has a majority of the qualified members
of both houses, taking the Legislature as it
exists to-day in the State of Georgia.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I suppose
that in considering this question the Senate
will not undertake to reverse the action of the
two Houses; that whatever we shall find to
have been determined by Congress will be
regarded as binding upon the Senate in judging
of the elections and qualification of Senators.
This question arose early in the history of
reconstruction. The Committee on Recon-
struction, appointed at the first session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, made an elaborate
report in which they found that the so-called
rebel States were not in a condition to be
represented in Congress, and that Congress
must determine when they should be restored
to their relations with the Union so as to be
entitled to representation, and that neither
House would act separately upon credentials
until that determination was had by Congress.
In pursuance of that principle the fourteenth
amendment was first submitted. The rebel
States refused to receive that amendment,
and further legislation became necessary. In
March, 1867, the original reconstruction acts,
as they are termed, were passed, which de-
clared that the governments then existing in
the rebel States were provisional; that the
whole thing was subject to the paramount
authority of the United States; and those same
acts established military goverment which had
supervision of the civil organizations then
existing. Congress did not attempt to wipe
out of existence those organizations, except
so far as they were in conflict with the laws
of Congress or in conflict with the principles
of reconstruction. They left the matter to a
great extent, in many contingencies, to the
discretion of the military commander. Still
the various States had their State organiza-
tions ; they passed laws as Georgia did, as we
shall hereafter see, during the time that Con-
gress was dealing with her; they had their
financial system; they appointed their officers,
and they went on with their local legislation
and the local administration of their affairs,
subject to the paramount control of Congress
through the military.
There were various amendments to these
reconstruction acts, and several of the States
organized under them. In June, 1868, Con-
gress passed an act for the admission of several
of them, and among those States was Georgia.
Congress passed an act for the admission of
those States upon certain conditions therein
named. I have not read the act since the
Senator from Illinois made his statement of it,
but I think he is mistaken in saying that that
act declared that these States had complied
with the reconstruction acts. My recollection
of the act, and I will look it up in a moment,
is that it required certain things to be done
as conditions-precedent, and further declared
that upon compliance with those conditions the
State of Georgia should be admitted to repre-
sentation with the other States.
Here is the act:
"That each of the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida
