820
fflfi CONGRESSIONAL GLOWS.
January 30,
"hall be entitled and admitted to representation in
Congress as a State of the Union when tha legislature
of such State shall have duly ratified the amendment
to the Constitution of the United States proposed by
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known' sis article
fourteen, upon the following fundamental condi-
tions."
Then it states the conditions. There is 110
declaration there that they had already com-
plied. Then comes a general proposition with
which they must comply:
"But no person prohibited from holding- office
under the United States, or under any State, by sec-
tion three of the proposed amendment tothe Consti-
tution of the United States known as article four-
teen, shall be deemed eligible to any-office in either
of said States unless relieved from disability as pro-
vided in said amendment."
That was a prohibition on all of them. This
act did not pretend to say that they had com-
plied, but declared that when they did comply
in good faith they should be admitted. All
except Georgia complied and were admitted.
Georgia, we claimed, did not comply. It is
stated in the reportof the majority that in form
she organized her Legislature. That is true;
bat Georgia neglected to enforce the provision
which declared that no person should be eligi-
ble to any office under the State organization
who was excluded from holding office by the
proposed fourteenth amendment. Georgia
neglected to enforce this; and that she did
it willfully and deliberately there can te not
the slightest doubt. The military commander
required that all persons ineligible under the
proposed fourteenth amendment should be
excluded. The Legislature, it i3 true, went
through a form of investigation. Right in the
face of the declaration of several parties that
they had held office previous to the rebellion
and participated in the rebellion, the Legis-
lature admitted them all. The Governor re-
ported to the military commander what had
occurred, that the Legislature had decided all
persons qualified, and that there were a num-
ber in each House disqualified ; his letters are
here. The military commander said, they hav-
ing complied by making the investigation, he
would not go behind that. ;
After they had done this they had an eles- j
tion of United States Senators. Mr. Hill, of |
the votes of members of the Legislature as it I
then stood had a majority. Of the votes that j
are unquestioned I figure that he had 90, while j
Mr. Brown had 92; but I do not consider that
an important point. I merely state it in pass-
ing. There is no doubt that Miller had a ma-
jority over all. But that is not the point I
shall make before the Senate in considering
this case. I think if we were to concede the
power of that Legislature to elect, and then
to assume the authority to investigate as to
the qualifications of members, we should find
enough disqualified persons to defeat the elec-
tion of Mr. Hill; but I do not think that ma-
terial in this issue.
After the election of Senators they excluded
the colored members. There is no doubt in
the world in my mind that this was a part
of the programme from the beginning. They
excluded the colored men without reason,
and they went on in such a violent way as to
arrest the attention of Congress. When Mr.
Hill's credentials were brought here they
were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. The matter was investigated by that
committee, and a majority of the committee
caine to the conclusion that Mr. Hill was not
entitled to a seat, for the reason that Georgia
was not entitled to representation in Congress.
There was no qualification to that. That was
the condition of Georgia when Mr. Hill came
here about two years ago. Georgia was not
then entitled to representation in Congress, so
the committee decided.
Why was not Georgia entitled to represent-
ation in Congress? Every person understands
that it was because she had failed to comply
with the reconstruction acts. She was in the
same category that the Committee on Recon-
struction originally found all the States of the
South. They had failed to eomply with our
!l ;
requirements. The reason why they were
not entitled to representation was because
they did not have governments in harmony
with the Union and that would protect life
and property. Georgia was precisely in^ the
same sitaation. The report ot tiio committee
on that occasion .became the basis of action.
It is-said that a majority of the committee did
not'agree to all the reasoning of the report;
but I think I can safely affirm that the majority
of Congress did to the fullest extent, by its
subsequent action. There is no other way of
justifying tie action "of Congress but by say-
ing it? was an indorsement of this report, as I
shall go on to show; and for the purpose of
calling the attention of the Senate to some of :
the points made by this report, I do not know i
that it would not be well to read a portion of '
it. I will read a little of it:
"Your committee are of opinion that the act of
June 25,1868, which required that the'constitutional
amendment should be duly ratified, must b© held to
mean that it must be ratified by a Legislature which
has in good faith substantially complied with all the
requirements of law providing for its organization.
It is true, thart, after this pretended investigation by
the two houses of the eligibility of their members,
the district commander recognized the validity of
their proceedings and permitted the State officers to
be inaugurated and the State government to go into
operation. On the 21st day of July the Legislature
passed a resolution of ratification of the fourteenth
amendment and the other resolution required by the
act of June 25,1868. T
" On the2Sth of July, 1888. the Legislature went into
joint convention for the election of United States
Senators. Joshua Hill received 110 votes; Joseph
E.Brown, 94 votes; and A. H. Stephens, 3 votes;
whereupon Mr. Hill was declared elected United
States Senator for the term ending March 3,1873.
" It is quite probable that Mr. Hill received votes
of persons who were not qualified to hold seats in
the Legislature more than suffieientto constitute his j
majorityand secure his election ; but your committee
do not propose to investigate that question. The ;
election and qualification of the members of the
Legislature, where the existence of any Legislature |
authorized to act as such is not involved, cannot be ;
inquired into by the Senate in determining the
right of a Senator to his seat."
I do not know, on further investigation, but
that that may be subject to qualification. I do
not know but that eases may arise where the
Senate would inquire into that question; but
for the purposes of this case I see no necessity
for inquiring into that question.
"Your committee hold that the question involved
in this case is not whether persons not entitled to .
seats in the Legislature were received by that body,
and allowed to vote upon the election of a Senator,
but whether the body assuming to be the Legislature
violated the conditions upon which it was allowed
to organize, by permitting disloyal persons to par- 1
ticipate in its proceedings. It may be contended
that although the matters hereinbefore set forth con-
stitute a failure on the part of the State of Georgia
to comply in every respect with the reconstruction
acts, yet Congress ought to waive these slight depart-
ures and admit their representatives. But an exam-
ination into the subsequent proceedings of the Legis-
lature of Georgia, and the disorganized condition of
society in that State, leads your committee to the
conclusion that all these violations of law were in
pursuance of a common purpose to evade the law
and resist the authority of the United States."
Congress came to the same conclusion, as I :
will show most conclusively from an act of .
Congress; otherwise this act was the grossest ;
usurpation conceivable. I do not believe that >
any one will contend that an act of this kind
could have been passed for a State whose
practical relations to the Union had never !
been disturbed, or whose practical relations
were tken fully restored. The act was passed !
after the coming in of this report, at the next .
session", in December, 1869, when the ques- !
tion came up for consideration. It is true this
report was not made on the bill then passed, ,
but it was made on the credentials of Mr. Hill, i
Congress undertook to legislate upon the sub- :
ject, and the title of the act is of itself a com-
plete answer to the idea that Georgia was !
entitled to representation at the time of the j
election of Hill and Miller. It is entitled " An \
act to promote the reconstruction of the State j
of Georgia"—a singular title for legislation j
in regard to a completely reconstructed State ; j
"an act to promote the reconstruction" of |
a State with a legal organization, a State ■
authorized to elect Senators? "an act to pro- ;
mote the reconstruction" of a State already ,
completely reconstructed! That would be
rather strange. If you should commence an
act in- regard to the State of Ohio with that
title I think the Senators from that State would
object to the title, and I think it would take
several weeks to get on v^ith that question of
title.
But when you come to the body of the act
you find it a reconstruction act to all intents
and purposes; and it is necessary to examine
some of the provisions of thisact to see whether
Georgia at the time of its passage was a recon-
structed State, whether any one believes that
the two Houses thought Georgia was then
entitled to representation. Will it be said,
however, that although Georgia may not have
been entitled to representation, still she was
entitled to elect Senators? I deny that position.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. STEWART. I would rather not be
interrupted. When I get through the Senator
can speak.
I say that the right of election implies the
right of representation, and no State that is
not entitled to be represented has any right
to elect Senators. But Senators say, " What
do you do in the case of Territories that are
admitted?" In regard to Territories I say
this; many States have been admitted, and
their Senators, elected previous to their admis-
sion, have been allowed to take their seats;
but that was done on the theory that the act
admitting them related back to the organiza-
tion, that it was an approval of that organ-
ization, and that it amounted to a declaration
that the State was entitled to representation
! at the time of the election. There the theory
I wa3 that the act of admission related back to
j the time of the election, and approved of that
j election and of the organization of the Legis-
i lature that made the election. «
! In all cases the right of representation must
; exist at the time of election, either by a declar-
j ation of Congress previously made, or by ona
i subsequently made, which by fair intendment
i relates back to and covers the period of elec-
j tion. I undertake to say that in this case there
; is no act previously passed and no subsequent
i act by any fair intendment that will make Con-
| gress declare that Georgia, in July, 1868, was
j entitled to representation, or that she was then
; entitled to elect Senators. No fair intendment
j can reach that conclusion.
• Now, I propose to examine the act of recon-
j struetion passed in December, 1869, some six-
i teen or seventeen months after the election of
Mr. Hill. What does it say ? It says:
"That the Governor of the State of Georgia be,
and hereby is, authorized and directed, forthwith,
by proclamation, to summon all persons elected to
the General Assembly of said State, as appears by
the proclamation of George G. Meade, the general
commanding the military district including tho State
of Georgia, dated Juno 25, ISoS, to appear on some
day certain, to be named in said proclamation, at
Atlanta, in said State; and thereupon the said Gen-
eral Assembly of said State shall proceed to perfect
its organization in conformity with the Constitution
and laws of the United States, according to the pro-
visions of this act."
" Shall proceed to perfect its organization
in conformity with the Constitution and laws
of the United States, according to the provis-
ions of this act ? " It is said that that organ-
ization was a perfect one, and had a perfect
right to elect Senators; but here we have an
act of Congress directing the Governor to call
the members together for reorganization. But
there is more in this act:
" That when the members so elected"to saidsenate
and house of representatives shall be convened, as
aforesaid, each and every member, and each and
every person claiming to be elected as a member of
said senate or house of representatives. shall, in
addition to taking the oath or oaths required by the
constitution of Georgia, also tuke and subscribe, and
file in the office oi the secretary of State of tho
State of Georgia, one of tho following oaths or
affirmations, namely."
Then, after setting out a very carefully-pre-
pared oath to protect the Legislature of Geor-
gia against, persons disqualified under the four-
teenth amendment, the act goes on further to
