1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
ton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, Warner,
Willey, and Williams—36.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell,
Cole, Ferry, Harris, Howell, lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Revels, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Scott, Spencer, and Yates—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. I gave notice that I would
offer as an additional resolution what I now
hold in my hand; a joint resolution ; that H.
V. M. -Miller 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will let us take the vote on the resolution
reported by the committee.
Mr. THURMAN. I am going to do so, but
that I may not have the whole subject disposed
of so that I cannot offer this 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question now is on
the resolution in reference to Mr. Hiii. We
cannot admit two at once.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Chair decides
that it will be in order to offer this resolution
after the other resolutions shall have been
adopted 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Illinois was to take up the
report of the committee, and when action is
taken on the resolution reported, the report
of the committee will be disposed of and other
business will intervene, unless it is understood
that the Senator from Ohio has the right to
offer his proposition after the action upon the
resolution reported by the majority of the com-
mittee.
Mr. SHERMAN. He can offer it as an
additional resolution.
Mr. STEWART. There were very few Sen-
ators here when the question was stated ; and
I have yet to see any Senator who tells me he
has read the reports, except one or two.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] says he has read the report.
J think that very remarkable. I suggest that
this is a grave enough subject to have the re-
ports read, the majority and minority reports.
1 appeal to Senators, before they vote, to pay
a little attention, to know something about
the question. I have no interest in this matter
except to discharge a duty ; but I do not believe
the.Senate have given it any attention. Very
few of them have honored either the chairman
or myself with their attendance.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe I have the
floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THURMAN. All I wish is an under-
standing that I may offer my resolution. I do
not wish to be precluded from offering this
resolution, after a disposition is made of the
resolution reported by the majority of the com-
mittee, by the argument that the subject is
disposed of. I do not want a vote on this as
an amendment to the resolution of the com-
mittee. I am perfectly willing to offer it, and
let the vote be talsen first on the resolution of
the committee and then on this. Or, if the
Senate will agree by unanimous consent, if that
is necessary, that 1 may offer this after the vote
is taken on the other. I am willing to withhold
it now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
will indulge me in a suggestion. The question
before the Senate is on the resolution declar-
ing Joshua Hill entitled to his seat in the Sen-
ate. If we get a vote upon that we shall dis-
pose of it in some way or other. That does
not dispose of Mr. Miller; that is another
question; it has nothing to do with his case.
Anybody in the Senate can offer a resolution
that Mr. Miller is entitled to his seat, if he
thinks proper, as a matter of privilege; it has
nothing to do with this.
Mr. POMEROY. But it cannot be acted
upon to-day as a new resolution.
Mr. TRIJMBULL. It can be acted upon
whenever the Senate agree to act on it. This
does not decide Miller's case one way or the
other; it decides the case of Mr. Hill.
Mr. THURMAN. So I understand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ohio
will allow us to vote on Mr. Hill's ease, he or
1, or anybody else, can offer any resolution we
please in regard to Mr. Miller.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I hope there will
be no objection to my offering this resolution
and no disposition to delay it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the reading of
the reports. [" No !"' "No ! l:] If the Senate
does not want to hear them read, very well.
Mr. HAMLIN. Every Senator here under-
stands the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Nevada insist on his call for the read-
ing?
Mr. STEWART. No, sir. I will offer
another amendment, however. I want to take
the case of Farrow now, that runs for the same
term. I move to substitute thenameof " Henry
P. Farrow" for "Joshua Hill," in this reso-
lution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment now moved by the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I shall vote
against this amendment of the Senator from
Nevada, and vote for the resolution as'it came
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
In the course of the discussion, in which the
Set ator from Nevada has participated pretty
largely, I asked him a question. I asked him
upon what ground it was that he objected to
the election of Senators from Georgia in 1868.
He answered that he regarded that election as
entirely void for want of lawful authority on
the part of the Legislature to enter into it. I
believe I state the question and the answer
correctly. If that were the case I certainly
could not vote to admit Mr. Hill to a seat in
this body. If the election were entirely void
for want of legal authority, nothing could per-
suade me to vote for his admission here; but
I cannot regard the matter in that light at all.
It seems to me the honorable Senator from
Nevada is carrying a construction of the recon-
struction acts a little too far when he asserts
that that election took place without any legal
authority.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator does not
understand me exactly.
Mr. HOWARD. I understood the Senator
to say it was all for want of lawful authority.
Mr. STEWART. That the State was not
entitled to representation at that time; they
had no lawful organization.
Mr. HOWARD. They had nolawful author-
at that time to enter into an election of Sen-
Mr. STEWART. Because they had refused
to comply with the reconstruction acts.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well. Now, we all
know that, by the first reconstruction act of
1867, it was declared—
" That until the people of said rebel States shall
be by law admitted to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States any civil governments
which may exist therein &hall be deemed pro visional
only and in all respects subject to the paramount
authority of the United States at any time to abolish,
modify, control, or supersede the same."
This act authorized the people of Georgia to
elect a convention to form a new State consti-
tution. They did so. There is no complaint
here that there was any fraud or unfairness
in the election of delegates to that conven-
tion. There is no complaint of unfairness or
fraud in the election, under that constitution
which they formed, of members of the State
Legislature ; and certainly this State Legisla-
ture was authorized by the reconstruction acts
to assemble and to proceed in the discbarge
of their legislative duties. Does anybody deny
that?
Mr. STEWART. Now, I should like to ask
the Senator a question. Would be vote for
the admission of Mr. Hill without the act of
July 15, 1870 ?
Mr. HOWARD. That is putting me upon
a collateral issue, which is not very important
at this time.
Mr. STEWART. No ; I want to ascertain
on what authority the Senator is acting.
Mr. HOWARD. When I get through with
the statement of my reasons for voting for the
admission of Mr. Hill, if we have plenty of
time remaining I shall be happy to answer the
Senator as well as I am able to do.
Mr. STEWART. I stopped to answer the
Senator.
Mr. HOWARD. But I regard the question
which the Senator puts me as of no importance
at this time 
Mr. STEWART. Can you answer it at any
time ? Before you sit down I hope you will
answer me and say whether without the act of
July 15, 1870, which declares the State entitled
to representation, you would admit Mr. Hill.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me, I will proceed. It was contemplated by
this act of 1867. the first reconstruction act, that
the Legislature elected in pursuance of it would
assemble and proceed to business, was it not?
Nobody can doubt it. Their legislation might
be provisional, and would be provisional, and
was provisional. That is to say, it was sub-
ject to be set aside and declared null and void
and inoperative by act of Congress; and in
that sense, and in that sense only, was it pro-
visional. It was subject to a higher power,
that power being the Congress of the United
States, who could ratify, permit, set aside,
modify, or utterly annul any State legislation
that might grow up in consequence of the
reconstruction acts, because the government
enacting the State laws was provisional.
Hence there was no ground for charging the
Georgia Legislature assembled in 1868 with
entering upon legislation which was void. It
had all the effect of law at the time. Their
statutes were valid, and binding, and operative
in the State of Georgia, to alt intents and pur-
poses, as I hold, until they should be set aside,
modified, or otherwise annulled by act of
Congress of the United States.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask the
Senator if that was not true of the Johnson
Legislature that preceded it? I ask if every-
thing it did has not been held to be valid,
treated as valid, except what was absolutely
annulled?
Mr. HOWARD. That is another broad
field of discussion into which I shall not now
enter. I do not want to make a brief at this
moment on the question of the validity of the
laws passed by the Johnson Legislature. I
do not see any propriety in it; at least, I see
no necessity for it. But, sir, the act of June
25, 1868, under which this election took place,
declares—
"That if the day fixed for the first meeting of the
Legislature of either of said States by the constitu-
tion or ordinance thereof shall have passed, or have
so nearly arrived before the passage of this aet that
there shall not be time for the legislature to assem-
ble at the period fixed, such Legislature shall con-
vene at the end of twenty daj's," &e.
The "Legislature shall convene;" convene
for what? To do what? Convene for the
purpose of legislation, and for the discharge
of all other duties and the execution of all
other powers that properly pertain to a State
Legislature, all their acts being still provisional
and subject to the paramount authority of the
United States. But here is a recognition of
the authority of that Legislature to proceed in
the discharge of their duty. They might legis-,-
late; they might impose taxes upon the people;
they might create corporations; they might
appoint all the officers belonging to the State,
and they might, for the same reason that they
could do those things, proceed to the election
of United States Senators, because that elec-
tion is a function pertaining exclusively to the
