1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
820
Senators ; and those elected by it are the only
Senators who have a right to ask for admission
here.
If we had remanded Georgia back and
directed a new election from the beginning,
does any one say that the election of Mr. Hill
and Mr. Miller in 1868 would still have been
a good election when a new Legislature came
up? Certainly not. But we preferred the other
course. We preferred to leave the old elec-
tion and have them make a legal organization.
That being done, the Senators elected by the
new organization came here; and it is a sim-
ple question now of whether.we will undo the
act of Congress by which the first Legislature
was repudiated and seat the members elected
by that Legislature, or whether we will act
upon the ratification of the new Legislature
and admit the Senators elected by that Legis-
lature.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, it does
seem to me that there is a misapprehension
about this history in regard to Georgia. Sen-
ators do not appear to understand the facts.
The disqualified men who were admitted in the
first organization had the controlling power to
give character to that Legislature. It was their
admission that enabled that Legislature to ex-
clude the colored men. In other words, with
those disqualified men there was a Democratic
majority, and without the disqualified men there
was a Republican majority.
Now, we are told that what is complained
of here was the unseating of the colored men.
That Legislature never would have had any
power to do that if they had complied with the
reconstruction acts. They acquired the power
to revolutionize the body by the very act of
admitting disqualified men, men who were
unable to take the oath prescribed. But for
the admission of^hose men there would have
been a majority of Republicans in the Legisla-
ture, and they would have passed laws in com-
pliance with the constitution. It was by the
admission of these disqualified men that that
Legislature was placed under revolutionary
control.
But, sir, it is not fair to say that our further
action in reconstructing Georgia was predicated
upon the exclusion of the colored men. It is
ti-ue that was one of the fruits of their refusing
to obey your law, and we took hold of their
action because we saw the fruits of it in that
result; and we probably should not have in-
quired into the qualifications of the members
of that Legislature if we had not lir.st seen the
rebellious fruits of their non compliance with
the reconstruction acts. When we examined
into the matter we found that they had refused
to comply with your reconstruction acts and
had done a good -many illegal things that we
have since repudiated. The men who went
into ihat Legislature without authority of law
had the controlling voice in electing Mr. Hill,
in excluding the colored men. and in doing all
those things of which we have made complaint.
When the Senator from Michigan was on his
feet I asked him a simple question, and I want
to put that question to the Senate now. It is:
would you now admit Mr. Hill if the act of
last July had not been passed ? Was not the
position of Congress up to that time that
Georgia was not entitled to representation.
Is not that the fact ? Was not that the position
of the two Houses up to last July? Surely it
was; and in accordance with it you excluded
her from representation. Then her right ot
representation now depends upon this act; and
I invite the attention of the Senate to the last
act of July 15, 1870, to see if it is a ratifica-
tion of Mr. Hill's election. That act recites—
"TUat the State of Georgia having cowjiiicd with
the reconstruction nets, and the fourteenth and ltt-
teotith articles of amend moats tothe Constitution ot
"Hhe United States having been ratified in good
faith by a legal Legislature of said State of Geor-
gia."
And then it proceeds to declare "that the
State of Georgia is entitled to representation
in the Congress of the United States."
I say that does not relate back further than
to the legal organization of the Legislature,
and by no fair intendment can it refer to any
organization of the Legislature except that
assembled in January last, at which Farrow
and Whiteley were elected. Why? Because
the Legislature did not comply with the recon-
struction acts until that time.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator is a member
of the Judiciary Committee, and, merely for
information,! ask him at what time did the
Legislature of Georgia ratify the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States? Was not that in 1868?
Mr. STEWART. They did it in 1868, and
again in 1870; and it is denied that there was
a quorum present at the last time.
Mr. HOWARD. Were there two ratifica-
tions?
Mr. STEWART. Two pretended ratifica-
tions ?
Mr. HOWARD. One in 1868 and the other
in 1870?
Mr. STEWART. Yes.
Mr. HOWARD. Then this may refer to
one or the other of those ratifications?
Mr. STEWART. It must refer to the one
in 1870, because they could not have ratified
the fifteenth amendment at any other time.
Mr. HOWARD. The act recites " the State
of Georgia having complied with the recon-
struction acts, and the fourteenth and fifteenth
articles of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States having been ratified in good
fa.'th." There is rather a reference, I should
think, to the first ratification.
Mr. STEWART. No ; it had no reference
to that, but to the last. We had repeatedly
said that the other was not in good faith. That
had been the position ; that was the theory
upon which we went on to legislate. That was
the theory upon which we did not allow them
to be represented. It was because they had
refused to do it in good faith. We recon-
structed them, passed an act to promote the
reconstruction of Georgia after that first rati-
fication. Now this act to promote the recon-
struction of Georgia did what? It required the
Legislature to reelect its officers or elect new
officers. I submit, notwithstanding the dec-
laration of the Senator from Ohio, [Air. Thuk-
MA.X,] that if Congress takes hold of a Legis-
lature and requires it to reelect its officers it
is in fact a declaration that the election was
improper and illegal?
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allaw
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STEWART, In one minute. I under-
take to say that it is a declaration that that
election was improper and wrong, or it was an
outrage on the part of Congress to set it aside.
It was certainly wrong in Congress to set aside
the election of a sergeant-at-arms and clerk
of the Georgia Legislature if their election
was proper. Congress held the proceedings
of that Legislature so lightly that it went on
with its military control and further recon-
struction, and required it to be entirely reor-
ganized ; but it says: "Notwithstanding it is
entirely reorganized, we will not disturb the
terms of office; we will let them go on; we
will regard their action as provisionaland
when it was referring to the subject of the
terms of office, if it had intended to save the
terms of the Senators first elected, it would
naturally have said so in this act.
Do you believe this act would have been
passed at the time it was passed through the
two Houses of Congress if it had contained a
proviso that it should not affect the election
of Hill and Miller? If the proposition had
been made that this act cured the election of
Hill and Miller I guaranty that no such act
would have been passed through the two
Houses of Congress. I do not believe that
now, if there is enough attention giveuto un-
derstand the subject, the Senate would for one
moment think of recognizing as valid the acts
of that reb«JIit>us Legislature which, when
convened, iu its first act defied Congress.
Although the fact was called to its attention
by the military commander that there were in
it disqualified men, it admitted them notwith-
standing the declaration of the men themselves
that they were disqualified.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the honorable
Senator allow me to ask him one question ?
Mr. STEWART. Oh, yes.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The honorable Senator
states this proposition: that if, when that act
was passed, it had included a declaration that
Hill and somebody else should be the Sena-
tors, it would not have passed. I n w ask him
whether it could have passed if it had included
the names of Whiteley and Farrow. 1 believe
those are the gentlemen whose admission he
is now advocating.
Mr. STEWART. I think not. It could
not have passed if it had included either set
of names; but I say if it had included a declar-
ation that would have covered the period of
time when the election of Hill and Miller
occurred, if it had contained a declaration
that it should not affect the election of Hill
and Miller, not saying that they were entitled
to seats, for that would not do ; but if it had
said, as it might have said, that the act should
not affect the election of Senators in 1868,
(which would have been proper enough if
such had been the intention of Congress,) it
could not have been passed. Of course we
could not pass an act declaring who was enti-
tled to seats in the Senate, but we might say
that our act should not affect a particular elec-
tion. We do not say in this act who shall hold
the offices of judges, &c., in Georgia, but we
do declare that this act shall not affect their
terms of office.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then allow me to ask
the Senator why did he make the temark that
the act could not have been passed if it had
contained the names of Hill and this other
geutleman's? What was the pertinency of
that remark? What was it relevant to?
Mr. STEWART. The Senator did not
understand what I said. I say if the act bad
contained a declaration that it shonid not
affect the election held at that time it could
not have passed; not that it should have con-
tained a declaration that they should have
seats in the Senate. Now, if this election was
so sacred ; if the acts of this Legislature were
so sacred, if it was really a Legislature, I ask
why, in the first place, you made them go to
work over again and elect a sergeant-at-arms
and a clerk; why did you make them reorgan-
ize; why did you make them put out a lot of
men who held the balance of power and made
the majority a rebel majority; why did you
say that they should be excluded; why did
you say that the colored men should be put
back?" You said that at alt hazards the col-
ored men should be reinstated; that to pre-
vent a rebel balance of power controlling the
majority disqualified men under the four-
teenth amendment should be kept out of the
Legislature.
If they had been kept out in the first in-
stance it would have had a loyal majority, and
Georgia would have been just as well recon-
structed as any of the other States. There is
where the difficulty was. It would not comply
with your law. You have had no legislation
at any time saying that Georgia did comply
with your law: but you said it was not a legally
orgauized Legislature; and I undertake to say
that a Legislature, in order to elect a Senator,
a Legislature, in order to be legally organized,
should have a legal elerk, should have a legal
sergeant-at arms, should have legal officers.
And the idea that we can repudiate all the offi-
cers of a Legislature, say that they arc not
legally in office, and require the Legislature to
put others in their places, and still at the same
time hold that wc are" bound by the acts of
election of that Legislature, will not do. If
it was a legal Legislature, if the reconstruc-
tion acts were complied with, T have heard no
