THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
fortbe servjeeof theTInited States in thewartosup-
press the rebellion, and is upon every principle of
equity due the State, our Senators in Congress are
hereby instructed,and our Representatives requested
to prepare a bill, and urge upon Congress the pas-
sage thereof, providing for the payment of the entire
amoantthatmay befounddue the State,as thesauie
was paid in good faith by the authorities thereof,
and deemed requisite and necessary to secure the
great object in view—the maintenance, perpetuity,
and power of the Federal Government throughout
the Union.
Resolved, That- copies of the above preamble and
resolution, engrossed by tbe clerk of the house, and
signed by his excellency the Governor, speaker of
tbe house, and president of the senate, be trans-
mitted by the secretary of State to our Senators and
liepresentatives m Congress.
• C.H.JOYCE,
f-'peaker of the Ilouve oj Representatives.
GEO. X. DALE,
fresident oj the Sennie.
Approved November 23,1S70.
JOHN V \ STEWART,
Governor.
The joint resolution was ordered to lie 011
the table and be printed.
Mr. RICE presented a petition of residents
on the Hot Springs reservation in the State
of Arkausas, praying to be permitted to enter
certain sections of land of that reservation;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. THURMAN presented the petition of
Mrs. L. E. C. Johnson, praying compensation
for cotton destroyed by United States troops
in Carroll county, Mississippi, in the year 18fi-j ;
which was ordered to lie 011 the table.
bills introduced.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
farther petitions and memorials to be presented,
the introduction of bills is in order, as there are
no committees to make reports.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a bill without pre-
vious notice.
Ko objection being made, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1073) to terminate
the fabrication of United States notes and frac-
tional currency, to strengthen the reserves of
national banks, and to promote the return to
specie payments; vrhich was read twice by its
title.
Mr. SUMNER. Until our committees are
announced, 1 ask that that bill lie on the table
and be printed. One of my friends suggests
to me that I put it on its passage to-day. If
the Senate is disposed to proceed with its con-
sideration, I am ready. I suppose, however,
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] would
expect that it should go to his committee, and
I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
job the table and be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1074) amendatory of the organic act
of the Territory of Idaho; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained. leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
107o) to provide for the appointment of clerks
of the circnit and district courts for the dis-
trict of Indiana, and defining their powers and
duties; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent ob'ained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
Ko. Iw7i>) to abolish the tax upon incomes;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie 011 the table and be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obti.ined, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1077] to amend an act to reduce taxes, and
for other purposes, passed July 14, 1870;
which was read twice by its title, ond ordered
to be printed and lie 011 the table.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, 1.,-ave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1078) to abo'^h the coinage charge in the
mints of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to be printed and
lie on the table.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1079) to constitute the town of Shreveport,
in the State of Louisiana, a port of delivery;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY'asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1080) for the repeal of all laws for
the collection of an income tax, or any tax
in that nature; which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to lie 011 the table and be
printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 2-J3) explanatory of the
act admitting the State of Oregon into the
Union ; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 254) defining the rights of
persons settling upon the public lands ; which
was read twice by its title, and ordtred to lie
on the table and be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
ebtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 25-j) relating to gold notes and
United S.ates notes; which was read twice by
its title, and ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution IS. It. No. 2-30) for the removal of
political disabilities ; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask that the joint resolu-
tion be read in extenao.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
licit resolved, (two thirdsof both Houses con-
curring.) That ail persons now disqualified to hold
office by the third section of the fourteenth article of
amendments totheConstitution of the United States
are hereby relieved from such disability, and the
same is removed from and after the passage ot this
joint resolution.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. President, until such
time as the committees are properly organized,
I desire that the joint resolution just read be
laid on the table. I desire, further, to state
that since the close of the last session of Con-
gress the State which I have the honor in part
to represent has, by a vote very nearly approach-
ing unanimity, stricken from her organic law
the clause imposing political disabilities. I
give notice that at an early day I shall call
up the resolution and move its reference to
the appropriate committee; and I shall ask
early action on the part of the Senate. I
think, sir, the time has arrived when action
should be taken in that direction. The funda-
mental principles of the Government demand
it: equity, justice, and sound policy also de-
mand it; and, in my judgment, the interests of
the country will be promoted by such action.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will lie on the table for the present.
UMPQUA AND WILLAMETTE KIVESIS. :
Mr. COBBETT submitted the following res- |
olution ; which was considered by unanimous !
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested 1
to furnish to the Senate such information as he may |
have, or that may come to hand prior to January :
1, 1871, as to the probable cost of improvement of j
the Cmpqua river and the Willamette river above I
Oregon City, iu Oregon. i
PROTECTION OF OURMAXS IS FIUXCK. |
Mr. FENTON. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
RcmJved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to the Senate, so far as it may not be
incompatible with the public interest, ail the cor- i
respondcnco between the minister of tho United
States at Paris and the Secretary of State, from the
breaking oat of the war between France find Prussia, j
so far as the same relates to political subjects and to
matters connected with the said war, as well as to j
the que.-tion of the protection of the subjects of the
North German Confederation in 1'ranee, with which !
the legation of the United States at Paris has been !
charged. ,
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest to my 1
friend whether that resolution had not better
lie on the table until the President's message
shall have been received. Wedo not know, of
course, what reference that may contain to the
same subject; and 1 suggest, therefore, that the
resolution lie over till then. It may b-i that
the President, with his message, will send in
the very documents which the Senator desires.
Mr. FENTON. 1 have no objection to tbe
resolution lying over, though I supposed the
information could be readily communicated,
and hence saw no objection to its present con-
sideration. The resolution may lie over if the
Senator so desires.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that would be the
more appropriate course of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over.
AGE OF SliXATB PAGES.
Mr. DRAKE. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Revolved, That in no ease shall a page of the Senate
be appointed who is younger than twelve years, or
remain in oliice after the age of sixteen years.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that had better
lie over until to morrow.
Mr. DRAKE. Verv well; let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over.
DIST1UCT COLORED SCHOOLS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer, Mr. President, a
resolution asking for information, which I wish
to have acted upon this morning :
j; Revolved, That the board of trustee*; of colored
i| schools for Washington and Georgetown, Ltistrictof
|| Columbia, be requested to report to the Senate, at
|} their earliest convenience, the condition of the
i schools under their charge during the last school
J year, and at the present time, with the receipts and
expenditures of money by «uch board during the latt
',! school yearand since its existence; a!bo, whether the
acts of Congress relative to fund- for the support of
such schools have been complied with by the corpor-
ations of Washington and Georgetown, and the ex-
tent to which the educational needs ot tho colored
population of those cities are at present provided
for; also, whether in their judgment any additional
legislation is required to promote the educational
interests of the class of population referred to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit to the Senator
from Massachusetts whether it is usual for the
Senate to call upon outside bodies for inform-
ation. We have generally made our calls upon
the President or the heads of Departments.
The Secretary of the Interior, I think, has
charge of must matters connected with the
District of Columbia. I do not think it is
usual for the Senate to pass resolutions calling
upon persons who have no official connection
with the body to furnish information. They
might treat us very cavalierly if we did so. I
do not know that they would in this instance;
but it seem3 to me it is settinga bad precedent
for the Senate to pass resolutions calling upon
A, B. and C, over whom we have no control,
and with whom we haveno official connection.
This is thefirst instance of the kind I recollect.
I have no objection at all to the resolution, or
to obtaining the information the Senator from
Massachusetts desires; but I submit to him
whether it is not setting a bad example to
commence calls of this character.
Mr. SUMNER. I would say that I had
thought of the very question the Senator pre-
sents, and had in my own mind, if I may so say,
disposed of it. This is a board that exists
under an act of Congress here in the city of
Washington and in Georgetown, over which we
have exclusive jurisdiction ; and, on that ac-
count, it seemed to me to be different from a
board or officer in anv other part of the conn-
try. Then, theinformation to be communicated
is especially within their knowledge, they being
the trustees of the colored schools. Under the
circumstances, therefore, and knowing their
disposition to report, on the subject, I thought
that upon the whole there would be no grave
departure from tho rules of the Senate, nor
any precedent that would be disturbing in the
future, if I should make the call in this form.
I say, therefore, that I have brought the resolu-
tion forward alter having in my mind consid-
