1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
of Claims; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary..
AMENDMENT OF ROLES.
Mr. WHEELER introduced the following
resolutions; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Rules, and ordered to be printed:
lietnlved, Thattho one hundred and thirtieth rule
be amended by adding thereto the following words,
namely:
"But during said call it shall not be in order to
introduce a bill or joint resolution for any other pur-
pose than reference."
tleaolved. That the forty-second rule be amended
by adding thereto the following words, namely:
"But after the previous question is moved, no
motion shall be entertained except to adjourn, to
fix the day to which the House will adjourn, and to
lay on the table: and the said motions shall not be
repeated; and after the previous question is sec-
onded, no original motion whatever shall be enter-
tained except a single motion to adjourn.
CHARLES II. CARPENTER.
Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2879) for the relief of Charles H. Carpen-
ter, of New Haven, New York; which was read
a first and second time, and, with an accom-
panying memorial, referred to the Committee j
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
CAPTAIN WILLIAM B. WIIITING.
Mr. KETCHAM introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. It, No. 474) for the relief of Captain
William B. Whiting, late commander United
States Navy; which was read a firstand second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval j
Affairs. |
GERMAN EMIGRATION SOCIETT. j
Mr. POTTER presented a memorial of the :
German Emigration Society, New York; which 1
was referred to the Committee on Commerce, i
and ordered to be printed.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS TO DISABLED SOLDIERS. ;
Mr. SCOFIELD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2880) to extend the benefits of an act to
provide for furnishing artificial limbs to dis-
abled soldiers to officers of the military and j
naval service; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on •!
Military Affairs.
ROBERT A. MAYO. !
Mr. PLATT introduced a joint resolution !
(H. R. No. 475) for the relief of Robert A. j
Mayo; .which was read a first and second '
time, referred to the Committee of Claims. '
and ordered to be printed. !
MICHAEL SASH.
Mr. McKENZlE introduced a bill (II. E. .
No. 2881) for the relief of Michael Nash, of I
the District of Columbia; which was read a .!
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims. I
OATH OF OFFICE. :
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, introduced 'j
a bill (H. R. No. 2882) amending an act pre- ,j
scribing an oath of office, &c., approved July j1
11, 1868; which was read a first and second jj
time, referred to the select Committee on ,
Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed, '!
E. W. II. READ. lj
Mr. HOGE introduced a bill (H. R. No. ;;
2883) for the relief of E. W. H. Read; which
was read a first and second time, referred to ;
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed. '
AUGUSTUS BACOSf. j
Mr. PRICE introduced a joint resolution I
(H. R. No. 476) far the relief of Augustus j
Bacon; which wasreada firstand second time, i
and referred to the Committee of Claims. 1
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES. j
Mr. PAINE, of Georgia, introduced a bill !
(H. R. No. 2884) to relieve certain persons !
therein named from legal and poliiical dis- :
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the select lj
Committee on Reconstruction. ]'
CHARLES WEILE. jj
Mr. BETHUNE introduced abill(H. R. No. ji
2885) to pay Charles Weile for services per- ji
formed as consul atTumbez, Pern ; which was i|
read a first and second time, and referred to the ; j
Committee on Foreign Affairs. !•
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES. j,
Mr. DOX introduced abill (H. R. No. 2886) i
removing the political disabilities of Thomas |
Morrow and John Caulfield, of the State of j
Alabama; which was read a first and second j
time, and referred to the select Committee on j
Reconstruction. j;
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT VICKSBURG. i;
Mr. McKEE introduced a bill (H. R. No. M
2887) making appropriations for building a il
post office and custom-house, &c., in Vieks- '!
burg, Mississippi; which was read a first and |
second time, and referred to the Committee on '
Appropriations. ::
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES. j
Mr. HARRIS introduced a bill (H. R. No. if
2888) to remove the civil and political disabil- i;
ities of certain citizens of the State of Missis- lj
sippi therein mentioned; which was read a j|
firstand second time, and referred to the select 'I
Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. MOREY introduced a bill (H. R. No. :j
2889) to remove the legal and political disabil-
ities imposed by the fourteenth amendment ;!
to the Constitution from the persons therein j
named ; which was read a first and second ,j
time, and referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction.
ROBERT C. WICKLIFFE.
Mr. NEW3HAM introduced a bill (H. R. |.
No. 2890) for the relief of Robert C. Wick-
liffe, of Louisiana ; which was read a first and ij
second time. ••
Mr. NIBLACIv. Have we not the right to
have read all bills introduced in this way ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right.
Mr. NIBLACK. I insist on the reading of
all bills.
The SPEAKER. It will consume the entire
day. 1
Mr. NIBLACK. I think the best way to j
occupy the morning hour is to read all of !
these bills.
Mr. STEVENSON. What bill?
Mr. NIBLACK. All bills.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the '
bill. _ '
Mr. NIBLACK. I withdraw my objection '
to the present bill.
The bill was referred to the select Commit-
tee on Reconstruction.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS OF OIIIO. !
Mr. WELKER presented the joint resolu-
tion of the General Assembly of Ohio in favor
of the division of the State into three judicial
districts: which was referred to the Committee i
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed. J
NATIONAL CURRENCY. :
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, introduced a bill :
(H. R. No. 2891)to amend ah act entitled "An ,
act to provide a national currency secured by !
pledges of United States bonds, and to provide i
for the circulation and redemption thereof;*' ;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the reading of j
that bill. ■
Mr. NIBLACK. Yes ; it is important.
The bill was read, referred to the Committee
on Banking and Currency, and ordered to be
printed.
MODE OF PAYING PENSIONS.
Mr. LAWRENCE introduced a bill (H. R, I
No. 2892] to provide a mode of paying pen- j
sions; which was read a first and second tim#, !,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
PRESIDENT'S SECRETARIES.
Mr. MUNGEN introduced a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 477) in reference to officers of the
staff of the General of the United States Army
being detailed for duty as secretaries, &c., of
the President, and requesting information from
the President as to the following points: first,
as to the duties of his Private Secretary and
who that Secretary really is; second, by what
authority be puts officers of the Army on
duty around his person at the White House ;
third, how many secretaries he requires; and
fonrth, what legislation he desires in this be-
half on the part of Congress; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. RANDALL. Read that.
Mr. MUNGEN. I want it to go into the
Globe.
The SPEAKER. It will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas three officers of the rank of brigadier
general are detached from the staff of the General
of the Army and are on duty as secretaries or other
subordinate functionaries at the White House; and
whereas the law of Congress provides a private sec-
retary for the President of the United States, and
provides for the payment of his salary as sueh secre-
tary : Therefore,
Be it resolved, &c. That the President of the Uni-
ted State be. and he is hereby, requested if not
in^omnatible with the public service, to report:
1. What duties his Private Secretary has to perform
under the present Administration, and who that Sec-
retary really is;
2. By what authority be puts those soldiers who
belong to the staff of the General of the Army or
other positions on duty around his own person;
3. How many secretaries he requires, and what
must be their rank or position; and
4. Alsowhatlegislation hedesires to have Congress
enact in this behalf.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to inquire whether
it is in order to read bills and resolutions intro-
duced during the morning hour oil Monday?
It has never heretofore been the practice of
the House.
The SPEAKER. By strict construction of
the rule it is in order; but it is unusual, and if
persisted in will destroy entirely the morning
hour for the introduction of bills for reference.
Mr. KELSEY. I knew it was in violation
of the usage.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not this a good way
to prevent the House being compelled to pass
the railroad bill in the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must ask
that of the gentleman who introduces the bill,
and not the Chair.
The joint resolution was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
CLAIMS AGAINST TOE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. BECK introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 478) prohibiting and annulling all
contracts made with any officers of any Depart-
ment of the Government for services rendered
by them for any person relative to any claim or
demand against the United States, cither while
the person is in office or for five years there-
after; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the reading of
the joint resolution. I want to see whether it
is far-reaching enough to cut off all abuses.
The resolution was read, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to b 
printed.
RIVER INSPECTOR.
Mr. PROSSER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2S93) entitled " An act providing for the ap-
pointment of a river inspector for the western
rivers;" which was read the first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
LANDS SOLD AT TAX SALE.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, introduced abill
(H. R, No. 2894) for the purpose of extending
the time in which lands sold at United States
tax sales at Memphis, Tennessee, may be re-
deemed | which was read a first and second
time.
