1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&
place." This rule was passed on the 25th of
March, 1856.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me 
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to finish.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will ex-
cuse me. The rule I refer to is a rule adopted
on the 14th of August, 1848, and a joint rule,
which the Senate cannot change, not a rule of
the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow me to conclude what J have to say. Here
is a bill pending in the Senate, reported from
one of our own committees, which was being
considered on the last day of the session. It
has been acted upon in every way that it can
be acted upon except by a final vote of the Sen-
ate. It has been read here twice, and is now
on its passage on our Calendar. Here is a rule
which was made two years ago, which declares
in express words that a bill shall be taken up
at the beginning ol the next session in the pre-
cise vay in which it would have been on the
day of adjournment; and now we are referred
to an old rule in regard to the passage of
bills between the two Houses made twenty-odd
yeais ago, bearing a double construction, upon
which the House has put one construction and
the Senate another construction; a rule that
is piaeticaliy ignored in one House, and is not
founded upon good reason in the other; and
we are now proposing to act on that rule which
has been ignored by one of the Houses and
repealed by the other. It seems to me if we
are to be governed at all by our rules, (and I
am not very tenacious about rules,) wo cannot
make a rule which is plainer than tuat this bill
or any other on the Calendar may be taken up
at any time.
Ill regard to whether this particular bill sh:ill
be taken up and debated tc-day or not, I do not
care so much, except that I desire in the name
of my constituents to press this bill. Congress
and the General Assembly of the State of Ohio
have done by their action what they never in-
tended to do, what no man ever designed to do—
deprived these soldiers of the right to vote.
No man in Congress or out of Congress, no man
in the State ot Ohio of any political party, in- j
tended to deprive these men of the right to vote. !
We have done it. u seems, according to the '
decision of the supreme court, of Ohio, by our
act of cession. Mow, I desire to have that re-
pealed. If my colleague wishes to consume
time upon it, as a matter of course we must
give linn time; but the question before the
Senate is a question which depends on the fifty-
second rule of the Senate, and it seems to me
so plain that it is scarcely worth while to
argue it.
Mr. THUIIJIAN. 1 do not propose to say
anything about, the merits of this biii. When
the time comes to discuss the merits of the
bill I shall endeavor to explain what it is,
what gives use to it, and to show that theie
is no disfranchisement at all in the State of
Ohio of anybody who is entitled to vote there,
and that nobody ever thought of any such
thing. But the question now is, as 1 under-
stand it, upon the point of order whether or
not it is m order to take up this bill at this
time. Certainly, the joint rule is as clear as
any rule can be, and under that rule it is not
in order to take it up.
But it is said that the rule of the Senate
adopted since that makes it in order. I do not
,-o inteipret that rule at all. I do not suppose
the Senate intended by its own action to repeal
une of the joint :ules of the two Houses ; but
I suppose the meaning of this second rule
adopted by ihe Senate alone is that the busi-
ness shall be proceeded with ill the order in
v.hich it would have been had there been 110
adjournment, but subordinate to the joint rule
vlncii postpones ilio consideration of these
leeasuiis until ,-ix days have elapsed. That is
he {rue interpretation which harmonizes both
mie-1. It 11'ce^S'iry to p;uvhb> in wlr;:.
order th^ u\hm-.hed bin in.'-s :.!ieuld be pro-
ceeded with in the Senate. That is provided
for by the fifty-second rule of the Senate, which
is a rule of the Senate alone, that it shall be
proceeded with in precisely the same order as
if there had been no adjournment; but that is
subordinate to the other rule, the joint rule of
the two Houses, which says that six days shall
elapse before you can take it up. When you
come to the time of taking it up the fifty-sec-
ond rule operates, and then the business is to
be proceeded with as if no adjournment had
taken place. This harmonizes both rules, and
relieves us from the absurdity of determining
that the Senate intended, by its own rule simply,
to repeal one of the joint rules of the two
Houses. I submit, therefore, that the motion
is not in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio [Air. Sherman] moves to proceed
to the consideration of a House bill on the
Calendar. Senators in favor of that being
considered in order will say " ay."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone the
consideration of this subject until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois moves to postpone the consider-
ation of the question of order until to-mor-
row.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that I shall
call up the motion to-morrow morning.
the calendar.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following
resolution: i
Ra\oloeif, That on Tuesdas', at one oYloek, iho j
ScnatewiH proeeed to theeonsideratloil of ttie Oat- I
enitar, and ijii!.■ that onirinaied in tho Semite and |
that arc not objec-led to all he taken u,  in their \
order; and eaeh .Senator r'halt tie entitled to speak
once, ami for live minutes only, on each que.-,tion ; ;
and this order shall bo entorccddaily atone o'clock j
till the end of the Calendar is reached. j
The ArICE PRESIDENT. The same ques-
tion of order will apply to this resolution,
because it involvc-s the consideration of House
bills on the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As I understand the
resolution of the Senator from Rhode Island,
it applies only to Senate bills which are not
pending between the two Houses.
| The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
| mistaken. The quesuon of order does not
apply.
I Mr. T1TURMAN. 1 ask that the resolu-
j tion lie over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made to its present consideration, the resolu-
tion v. ill lie over.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the resolution
! be printed. I think if Senators will read it
they will not object to it.
The motion to print, was agreed to.
execctiyi: communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Senate,
communicating, in obedience to law, a state-
ment, of receipt; and expenditures for the year
ending December 5, 1870, and aho an account
of property in his possesbion at, that date ; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating, in
obedience to law. an inventory of the property
belonging to the United States in the Depart-
ment of the Interior December 1,1870; which
was ordered to lie on tho table and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Comptroller of the Currency, communicat-
ing, in obedience to law, his eighth annual
report; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
| the Sei'geant-at-Arms of the Senate, communi-
cating, m obedience to law, an account ot
propert}' of the United States in his possession
December 5, 1S70; which was ordered to lie
on the tnhle, and be printed.
lie r,
report
UM before the
ihe annual
Congressional Printer, showing
the condition of the public printing, binding,
&c.; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
territorial i,aws, etc.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the general laws, memorials, and reso-
lutions of the Territory of Dakota, passed at
the eighth session of the Legislative A ssembly,
commenced at the city of Yankton, December
7, A. D. 18G8, and concluded January 15,
A. D. 18G9; which wore ordered to lie on tho
table.
He also laid before the Senate the laws of
the Territory of New Mexico, passed by the
Legislative Assembly of 18C9 and 1870 ; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate the laws of
the Territory of Washington, made and passed
at a session of the Legislative Assembly, begun
and held at Olympia on the 4th day of Octo-
ber, 1809, and ended on the 2d day of Decem-
ber, 18G9; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
KECEriS.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate take
a recess until half past one o'clock, by which
time, 1 presume, the committee appointed to
wait on the President will return.
Mr. SUMNER. Say a quarter past one
o'clock.
Mr. CRAGIN. Very well; I move that the
Senate take a recess until a quarter past one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
took a recess till the time named, but was not
again called to order till half past one o'clock,
when the Vice President resumed the chair.
political disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1081) to remove the political disabil-
ities of a certain person therein named; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. SPENClMv. I ask that the bill be put
on its passage now.
The VICE PRESIDENT, Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. SUMNER. I think that ought to go
to a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill'cannot now be considered. It
i wili lie on the table for the present,
j niESlDCXT's
j Mr. WILSON.
j mittee appointed to wait upon the President
1 of the United States and inform him that the
j two Houses had assembled, and were ready to
: receive any communication he might be pleased
j to make, have attended to that duty, and the
| President informed the committee that he
| would immediately communicate with the two
j Houses in writing.
| At one o'clock and thirty-eight minutes p.
; m. the President's Secretary. Mr. Horace
Porter, appeared below the bar, and said:
Mr. President, I am directed by tho Pres-
ident of the United States to deliver to the
Senate a message in writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair lays
before the Senate the annual message of the
President of the United States.
The Secretary of the Senate, Hon. GeokGE
C. Gorham, read the message, as follows :
To the Senaie
and House of Representatives:
A year of peace and general prosperity to
this nation has passed since the last assembling
of Congress. We have, through a kind Provi-
dence, been blessed with abundant crops, and
have been spared from complications and war
with foreign nations. In ourmidsteomparative
harmony has been restored. It is to he regret-
ted, however, that a free exercise of tne elective
d
ANNUAL MESSAGE.
Mr. President, the com-
