6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5
the verdict of the people has thereby been re-
versed. The States of Virginia, Mississippi,
and Texas have been restored to representation
in oar national councils. Georgia, the only
State now without representation, may confi-
dently be expected to lake her place there also
at the beginning of the new year, and then, let
us hope, will be completed the work of recon-
struction. With an acquiescence on the part
of the whole people in the national obligation
to pay the public debt, created as the price of
our Union; the pensions to our disabled soldiers
and sailors, and their widows and orphans; and
in the changes to the Constitution which have
been made necessary by a great rebellion, there
is no reason why we should not ad vance in mate-
rial prosperity and happiness as no other nation
ever did, after so protracted and devastating
a war.
Soon after the existing war broke out in
Europe the protection of the United States
minister in Paris was invoked in favor of North
Germans domiciled in French territory. In-
structions were issued to grant the protection.
This has been followed by an extension of
American protection to citizens of Saxony, 1
Hesse, and Saxe-CcHurg-Gotha, Colombia, I
Portugal, Uruguay, the Dominican republic, |
Ecuador, Chili, Paraguay, and Venezuela, in j
Paris. The charge was an onerous one, re '
quiring constant and severe labor, as well as j1
the exercise of patience, prudence, aud good "jj
judgment. It has been performed to the entire ;!
satisfaction of this Government, and, as I am
officially informed, equally so to the satisfaction !'
of the Government of Xorth Germany. ,j
As soon as I learned that a republic had !'
been proclaimed in Paris, and that the people
of France had acquiesced in the change, the it
minister of the United States was directed by
telegraph to recognize it, and to tender my j!
congratulations and those of the people of the
United States. The reestablishment in France j'
of a system of government disconnected with ji
the dynastic traditions of Europe appeared to j!
be a proper subjectfor the felicitations of Amer- i'
icans. _ Should the present struggle result in j!
attaching the hearts of the French to our sim-
pier forms of representative government it will
be a subject of still further satisfaction to our
people. While we make no effort to impose
our institutions upon the inhabitants of other
countries, and while we adhere to our tradi-
tional neutrality in civil contests elsewhere,
we cannot be indifferent to the spread of Amer-
ican political ideas in a great and highly civil-
ized country like France.
We were asked by the new Government to
use our good offices, jointly with those of
European Powers, in the interests of peace.
Answer was made that the established policy
and the true interests of the United States for- j,
bade them to interfere in European questions j!
jointly with European Powers. I ascertained, '
informally and unofficially, that the Govern- i!
ment of North Germany wasnot then disposed
to listen to such representations from any ;;
Powers, and though earnestly wishing to see !
the oiessuigs ot peace restored to the belliger- '
euts. with all of whom the United States are
on terms of friendship, 1 declined, on the part
of this Government, to take a step which could
only result in injury to our true interests, with-
out advancing the object for which our inter-
vention was invoked. Should the time come
when the action of the United States can hasten
the return of peace by a single hour, that
action will be heartily taken.
I deemed it prudent, in view of the number
of persons of German and French birth living
in the United States, to issue, soon after official
notice of a state of war had been received from
both belligerents, a proclamation defining the
duties of the United States as a neutral, and
the obligations of persons residing within their
territory to observe their laws aud the laws
of nations. This proclamation was followed
by others, as circumstances seemed to call
for them. The people, thti3 acquainted, in
advance of their duties and obligations, have
assisted in preventing violations of the neu-
trality of the United States.
It is not understood that the condition of the
insurrectioH in Cuba has materially changed
since the close of the last session of Congress.
In an early stage of the contest the authori-
ties of Spain inaugurated a system of arbitrary
arrests, of close confinement, and of military
trial and execution of persons suspected of
complicity with the insurgents, and of sum-
mary embargo of their properties, and se-
questration of their revenues by executive
warrant. Such proceedings, so far as they
affected the persons or property of citizens
of the United States, were in violation of the
provisions of the treaty of 17!,1o, between the
United States and Spain. .Representations of
injuries resulting to several persons claiming
to be citizens ot the United States, by reason
of such violations, were made to the Spanish
government. From April, 18G9, to June last,
the Spanish minister at Washington had been
clothed with a limited power lo aid in redress-
ing such wrongs. That power was found to be
withdrawn, ''in view," as it was said, "of
the favorable situation in which the island of
Cuba" then " was which, however, did not
lead to a revocation or suspension of the extra-
ordinary and aibitrary functions exercised by
the executive power in Cuba; and we were
obliged to make our complaints at Madrid. In
the negotiations thus opened, and still pending
there, the United States only claimed that for
the future the rights secured to their citizens
by treaty should be respected in Cuba, and
that as to the past a joint tribunal should be
established in the United States with full juris-
diction over all such claims. Before such an
impartial tribunal each claimant would be re-
quired to prove his case. On the other hand
Spain would be at liberty to traverse every ;
material fart, and thus complete equity would
be done. A case which at one tune threat- j
ened seriously to affect the relations between ;
the United States and Spain has already been |
disposed of in this way. The claim of the '■
owners of the Colonel Lloyd Aspinwall, for
the illegal seizure and detention of that vessel, :
was referred to arbitration by mutual con- ;
sent, asd has resulted in an award to the
United States for the owners of the sum of I
$19,702 50 in gold. Another, and long pend- i
ing claim of like nature, that of the whale-ship :
Canada, has been disposed of by friendly arbit- ,
rament during the present year. It was re- i
ferred, by the joint consent of Brazil and the
United States, to the decision of Sir Edward :
Thornton, her Britannic Majesty's minister at
Washington, who kindly undertook the labor-
ious task of examining the voluminous mass ,
of correspondence and testimony submitted
by ttie two Governments, and awarded to the :
United States the sum of $100,740 09 in gold,
which has since been paid by the imperial
Government.
These recent examples show that the mode
which the United States have proposed to',
Spain for adjusting the pending claims is just 1
and feasible, and tiiat it may be agreed to by
either nation without dishonor, it is to be ■
hoped that this moderate demand may be
acceded to by Spain without further delay. -
Should the pending negotiations unfortunately
and unexpectedly be without result, it will then I
become my duty to communicate that fact to
Congress and invite its action on the subject. !
The long deferred peace conference between !
Spain and the allied South American repub-
lics has been inaugurated in Washington under .
the auspices of the United States. Pursuant'
to the recommendation contained in the reso- !
lution of the House of Representatives of the jj
17th of December, 1866, the executive depart- I
ment of the Government offered its friendly '
offices for the promotion of peace and harmony j!
between Spain and the allied republics. Hesi- |!
tations and obstacles occurred to the accept- |i
ance of the offer. Ultimately, however, a con II
ference was arranged, and was opened in this
city on the 2'Jih of October last, at which I
authorized the Secretary of State to preside.
It was attended by the ministers of Spain,
Peru, Chili, and Ecuador. In consequence of
the absence of a representative from Bolivia,,
the conference was adjourned until the attend-
ance of a plenipotentiary from that republic
could be secured, or other measures couki be
adopted toward compassing its objects.
' The allied and other lepubhes of Spanish
! origin on this continent may see in this fact a
1 new proof of our sincere interest in their wel-
j fare; ofourdesiretoseethem blessed with good
governments, capable of maintaining oider
, and of preserving their respective territorial
; integrity; and of our sincere wish to extend our
I own commercial and social relations with thein.
; The time is not probably far distant when, in
, the natural course of events, the European
j political connection with this continent will
( cease. Our policy should be shaped, in view
I of this probability, so as to ally the commercial
interests of the Spanish American States more
j closely to our own, and thus give the United
'■ States all the preeminence anil all the advau-
, tage which Mr. Monroe, Mr. Adams, and Mr.
Clay contemplated when they proposed to join
' in i he congress of Panama.
During the last session of Congress a treaty
for the annexation of the republic of Sail
Domingo to the United States failed to receive
the requisite two-thiids vote of the Senate. 1
; was thoroughly convinced then that the best
, interests of this country, commercially and
materially, demanded its ratification. Time
■ has only confirmed me in this view. I now
firmly believe that the moment it is known that
the United States have entirely abandoned the
project of accepting as a part of its territory
the Island of San Domingo a free port will be
negotiated for by European nations in the bay
of Samana. A large commercial city will
; spring up to which we will be tributary with-
' out receiving corresponding benefits, aud then
will be seen the folly of our rejecting so gre.it
a prize. The Government of San Domingo
i has voluntarily sought this annexation. It is
' a weak Power, numbering probably less than
t one hundred aud twenty thousand souls, and
| yet possessing one of the richest, territories
! under the sun, capable of supporting a popn-
r lation of ten milliousof people m luxury. The
; people of San Domingo are not capable of
maintaining themselves in their present condi-
tion, and must look for outside support, Tney
, yearn for the protection of our free institutions
' and laws, our progress and civilization. Shall
i we refuse them ?
1 he acquisition of ban Domingo is desirable
■ because of its geographical position. It com-
mands the entrance to the Caribbean sea, and
, the Isthmus transit of commerce. It possesses
' the richest soil, best and most capacious
harbors, most salubrious climate, and the most
valuable products of the forest, mine, and soil,
of any of the VVest India islands. Its posses-
sion by us will in a few years build up a coast-
wise commerce of immense magnitude, which
will go far toward restoring to us our lost mer-
chant marine. It will give to us those articles
which we consume so largely and do not pro-
duce, thus equalizing our exports and imports.
In case of foreign war it will give us com-
mand of all the islands referred to, and thus
prevent an enemy from ever again possessing
himself of rendezvous upon our very coast.
At present our coast trade between the States
bordering on the Atlantic and those bordering
on the Gulf of Mexico is cut in two by the
Bahamas and the Antilles. Twice we must)
as it were, pass through foreign countries to
get by sea from Georgia to the west coast of
Florida.
San Domingo, with a stable government,
under which her immense resources can be
developed, will give remunerative wages to
tens of thousands of laborers not now upon
the island. This labor will take advantage of
