1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBg.
Mr. GRISWOLD, Upon that motion Icall
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there
were—ayes 30, noea 73.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
3-oas and nays were ordered,
Mr. HOLM AN. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Wednesday next.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman desires
merely to consume the morning hour the tak-
ing of the yeas and nays on the motion already
made will be sufficient for that purpose. Does
the gentleman insist on his motion ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
On the motion there were—ayes 3:2, noesG2;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. HoLMAXand
Mr. Ixgersoll were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 35, noesl 03.
Mr. HOLMAN. As the morning hour has
not quite expired, I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Perhaps I may be rec-
ognized now to make the motion to suspend
the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order till the expiration of the morning hour,
three minutes of which remain.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist on the call for the
yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 27, noes 85.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Beaman and
Mr. Archer were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 33, noes 53.
ordbr op business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holmax] and the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldridge] withdraw their motions, as
the Chair understands. The regular order is
a motion coming over from Monday last—a
motion made by the gentleman from Minne-
sota [Mr. Wilson] to suspend the rales.
Prior to proceeding to that business the Chair
desires to advise the House upon a point with
reference to which, probably, some members
of the House were this morning under a mis-
apprehension. The rule assigning the morn-
ing hour of Monday for the introduction of
bills and joint resolutions for reference pro-
vides that the whole of the day shall be appro-
priated to bills on leave and joint resolutions
until all the States and Territories are called
through. Hence, any attempt of gentlemen
to exhaust the morning hour by calling for
the reading of bills thus introduced would be
ineffectual; for that business of the morning
hour must be continued until the States have
all beeu called. Until that call is completed
no other business can be entertained by the
Chair.
Mr. NIBLACK. But that rule, as I under-
stand, would not apply to the second call, for
the introduction of resolutions and bills for
action.
The SPEAKER. It would not.
accounts op george chorpenning.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Wilson] who is on the floor
to yield to me that I may make a report from
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. WILSQN, of Minnesota. I have no
objection to yielding to the gentleman if his
business will take but a shori time.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee on Appro-
priations were, by resolution adopted by the
House on the 12th day of the present month,
instructed to inquire into the allowance of the
claim of George Chorpenning under a joint
resolution approved July 15,1870, and by the
same resolution the Sixth Auditor was re-
quested to stop payment of that claim. I have
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 53.
been instructed by the Committee on Appro-
priations to' report a joint resolution on the
subjeet.
Joint resolution (H. R, No, 479) repealing
the joint resolution approved July 15, 1870,
entitled "Joint resolution authorizing the
Postmaster General to adjust the accounts of
George Chorpenning," was read a first and
second time.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I suppose it
will be expected, and I think it is due to all
parties, that a brief hisfory of this matter
should be submitted to the House. I am
prepared myself to submit the resolution to
the judgment of the House without debate j
but still I think that members may wish a his-
tory of this matter, and if it will not inter-
fere too much with the business of the gentle-
man from Minnesota I shall be glad to make a
statement of the whole history of this matter.
Several Members. Go on.
Mr. DAWES. On the 15th day of July,
1870, the last legislative day of the last ses-
sion, both branches of Congress passed" the
following joint resolution:
" [lc it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the Postmaster General is hereby
authorized and directed to investigate and adjust
the claims of George Chorpenning under the first
seetion of an act for his relief, approved March 3,
1857. on the basis of compensation allowed by said
act for the regular service, and the claim growing
out of the curtailment and annulment of his contract
on route No. 12801, on the basis of his agreement
with the Postmaster General for the service, to be
settled as provided for the services named in said act
of March 3, 1857, and the right of appeal from the
findings of the Postmaster General to the Court of
Claims is reserved and allowed to said claimant."
This resolution was introduced by a member
of the House without any report from a com-
mittee, and was passed upon a suspension of
the rules without any statement of facts to the
House. Going to the other branch, the reso-
lution was there taken up on the same day and
passed with an amendment striking out a
peculiar clause, to which I shall have occasion
to call the attention of the House. When the
joint resolution came back the amendment
was concurred in, and the resolution became a
law on the day of its introduction.
The House will observe that it is based upon
a joint resolution which passed in 1857, thirteen
years ago. So much of that resolutipn as per-
tains to the ease is in these words:.
"That the Postmaster General be, and he herefcy
is, required to adjust and settle the claim of said
Chorpenning, as surviving partner of Woodward &
Chorpenning, and in his own right, for carrying the
mails by San Pedro, and for supplying; thepostoffice
in Carson's Valley, and also for carrying part of the
Independence mail by California; allowing a  ro
rata increase of compensation for the distaftce by
San Pedro, for the service to Carson's Valley, and
for snch part of the eastern mail as was carried By
California, daring all the time when said services
were performed, as shown by the affidavits and proofs
on file in the House of Representatives."
" Asshown," Mr. Speaker, "by affidavit and
proof on file in the House of Representatives 1"
I have undertaken to point out this mail route
upon the map exhibited at the Clerk's desk.
This resolution of 1857 was passed to give
this'extra compensation. Mr. Chorpenning
had two mail contracts, one made in 1851 to
carry the mail once a month from Salt Lake
City, at the apex of that triangle, [pointing to
the map,] westward to Sacramento.
Mr. ALLISON. Let us have order. Wewant
to hear the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Order was restored.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, his first con-
tract was to carry the mail from Salt Lake
City, by way of Carson's Valley, shown by that
straight line on the map, to_ Sacramento. It
was for four years, ending in 1855. In 1854
he took another contract to carry the mail
from the apex of that triangle, marked by a
button upon the map, down to the sea-coast
to San Diego or San Pedro, which is indicated
by the other line of the triangle. For the first
he was to have $14,000 per annum, and for
the second $12,500 per annum. The whole
amount of th.e contract price he would have
been entitle^ to by his contracts was $100,000,
Under that resolution of 1857, and a subse-
quent act, he has received $333,617 95 extra
allowance to ■ his $106,<$6 contract price.
Under the resolution of lwt Jply upon that
contract .there is allowed to him iu addition,
which 
Mr. JUDD. What is the date of the first
allowance ?
Mr, DAWES. He was allowedfutider the
joint resolution of 1857, in May and November
of that year, 1857, the sum of $233,617 95
extra allowance over his contract price, of
$106,000. Under the resolution which was
passed on the last day of the last session,
there has been allowed on those contracts
$237,017 40, making an extra allowance on
those two contracts of $470,685 43,
Mr. PITCH. If the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will allow me to ask him a question,
I should like to know for what services and for
what purpose this extra allowance has been
made?
Mr. DAWES. I will state, if the gentle-
man will allow me to go through, as well as I
am able, all the points involved. Mr. Speaker,
the service for which this extra allowance of
four hundred thousand and odd dollars has
been made was all provided for by the con-
tract itself. For instance, he took his con-
tract to carry the mail from Salt Lake City to
Sacramento, as part of the line from Inde-
pendence, Missouri, westward to the Pacific
coast. After having carried it two years upou
that line, he made application to the Post Office
Department, setting forth that iti the winter
season this route was so difficult that it was
next to impossible for him to carry it, and he
asked the privilege of the Department of carry-
ing it through the winter season, instead of
on his own line, by Carson's Valley, down to
San Pedro on the coast, from whence there was
aline of steamers to San Francisco, and up the
Sacramento river, where there was another
line of mail steamers, to Sacramento.' They
gave him permission to do that at his own
request, fie was obligated to carry that mail.
He was obligated in his contract to carry all
the mail which fell upon his line, and he was
required to supply Carson's Valley.
Mr. Speaker, it was a hard contract. It was
onejof the contracts first made for carrying
the mail across to the Pacific, and all of these
contracts were taken for a less price than they
could be carried for. It was the disposition
of that Congress to make remuneration to the
contractors on that line, and all of them, from
time to time, had extra allowances granted to
them. But all of them save this gentleman
had a specific sum allowed as an extra. In-
stead of allowing Mr. Chorpenning a specific
sum which was known and would be known to
the Congress that granted it, it was arranged
in the way I shall state on consultation with
counsel beforehand. I have here the written
statement of the counsel, one of the most dis-
tinguished lawyers of this country, who says
that the resolution was submitted to hinj for
his opinion before it was submitted to the
House. The resolution, instead of giving him
a specific sum for carrying the mail op account
of an inadequate allowance to him, makes the
compensation in these words:
"To settlehis claim forsupplyingpost office of Car-
son's Valley, a part of tho independence mail, and
also for carrying the mail the distance round by San
Pedro up to San Francisco, and up tho Sacramento
river to Sacramento."
Having carried the mail round at his own
request by way of Sacramento, he thereby left
the post office at Carson's Valley unsupplied.
He left that for several months so unsupplied
until the people made such an outcry that he
carried an extra mail from Sacramento over
to Carson's Valley, having left that unsupplied
by going at his own request round the other
way.
This provision in the act of 1857 required
the Postmaster General to allow extra pro rata
compensation from San Pedro up the coast,
