THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
in by the United States. Itis hoped thatitwill
aotbeinsisted on by her Majesty's Government..
During the conferences which preceded the
negotiation of the convention of 1818 the British
commissioners proposed to expressly exclude
the fishermen of the United States from "the
privilege of carrying on trade with any of his
Britannic Majesty'ssubjeets residing within the
limits assigned for their use;" and also that it
should not be "lawful for the vessels of the
United States engaged in said fishery to have
on board any goods, wares, or merchandise
whatever, except such as may be necessary for
the prosecution of their voyages to and from
said, fishing-grounds. And any vessel of the
United States which shall contravene this reg-
ulation may be seized, condemned, and confis-
cated, withhercargo." Thisproposidon,which
is identical with the construction now put upon
the language of the convention, was emphat-
ically rejected by the American commissioners,
and thereupon was abandoned by the British
plenipotentiaries, and article one, as it stands
in the convention, was substituted.
If, however, it be said that this claim is
founded on provincial or colonial statutes, and
not upon the convention, this Government can-
not but regard them as unfriendly, and in con-
travention of the spirit, if not of the letter of
the treaty, for the faithful execution of which
the imperial Government is alone responsible.
Anticipating that an attempt may possibly
be made by the Canadian authorities in the
coming season to repeat their unneighborly
acts toward our fishermen, I recommend you
to confer upon the Exeeatiyc the power to sus-
pend by proclamation the operation of the
laws authorizing the transit of goods, wares,
and merchandise in bond aci-oss the territory
of the United States to Canada, and further,
should such an extreme measure become neces-
sary, to suspend the operation of any laws
whereby the vessels of the Dominion of Canada
are permitted to enter the waters of the United
States.
A like unfriendly disposition has been man-
ifested on the part of Canada in the main-
tenance of a claim of right to exclude the
citizens of the Ignited States from the naviga-
tion of the St. Lawrence. This river consti-
tutes a natural outlet to the ocean for eight
States, with an aggregate population of about
17,600,000 inhabitants, and with an aggregate
tonnage of 661,387 tons upon the waters which
discharge into it. The foreign commerce of
our ports on these waters is open to British
competition, and the major part of it is done
in British bottoms. Tf the American seamen
be excluded from this natural avenue to the
ocean, the monopoly of the direct commerce
of the lake ports with the Atlantic would be in
foreign hands, their vessels on transatlantic
voyages having an access to our lake ports
which would be denied to American vessels
on similar voyages. To state such a proposi-
tion w to retute its justice.
During the administration of Mr. John
Quincy Adams Mr. Clay unanswerably demon-
strated the natural right of toe citizens of the
United States to the navigation of this river,
claiming that the act of the congress of Vienna,
m opening the Khine and other rivers to all
nations, showed the judgment of European
jurists and statesmen that the inhabitants
ot a country through which a navigable river
passes have a natural right to enjoy the navi-
gation of that river to and into the sea, even
though passing through the territories of
another Power. This right does not exclude
the coequal right of the sovereign possessing
the territory through which the river debouches
into the sea to make such regulations relative
to the police of the navigation as may be rea-
sonably necessary ; but those regulations should
be framed in a liberal spirit of comity, and
should not impose needless burdens upon the
commerce which h::s the right of tr.n.-if. It
has been found in practice more it-.huiiiuveons
to arrange these regulations hv imi'iud a'<n'eu-
ment. The United States are ready to make
any reasonable arrangementas to the police of
the St. Lawrence which may be suggested by
Great Britain,
If the claim made by Mr, Clay was just,
whe.n the population of States bordering on
the shores of the lakes was only thirty-four
hundred thousand, it now derives greater
force and equity from the increased popula-
tion, wealth, production, and tonnage of the
States on the Canadian frontier.
Since Mr. Clay'advanced his argument in
behalf of our right, the principle for which he
contended has been frequently and by various
nations recognized by law or by treaty, and has
been extended to several other great rivers, By
the treaty concluded at Mayence in 1801 the
Rhine was declared free from the point where
it is first navigable into the sea. By the con-
vention between Spain and Portugal, con-
cluded in 183-5, the navigation of the Douro
throughout its whole extent was made free
for the subjects of both Crowns. In 1853 the
Argentine Confederation, by treaty, threw open
the free navigation of the Parana and Uruguay
to the merchant vessels of all nations. In
1856 the Crimean war was closed by a treaty
which provided for the free navigation of the
Danube. In 1858 Bolivia, by treaty, declared
that it regarded the rivers Amazon and La
Plata, in accordance with fixed principles of
national law, as highways or channels opened
by nature for the commerce of all nations.
In 18-53 the Paraguay was made free by treaty
and in December, 1866, the emperor of Brazil,
by imperial decree, declared the Amazon to be
open to the frontier of Brazil to the merchant
ships of all nations. The greatest liviug Brit-
ish authority on this subject, while asserting
the abstract right of the British claim, say3 :
'It seems difficult to deny that Groat Britain may
ground her refusal upon strict law, but it is equally
difficult to deny, first, that in so doing she exercises
harshly an extreme and hard law; secondly, that
her conduct with respect to-the navigation of the St.
.Lawrence is in glaring and discreditable inconsist-
ency with her conduct with respect to the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi. On the ground that she pos-
sessed a small domain in which the Mississippi took
its rise she insisted on the right to navig-ite the
entire volume of its waters. On the ground that she
possesses both banks ot" the St. Lawience, where it
disembogues itseit into the sea, she denies to the
united States the right ot navigation, though about
one nalfot the waters of Lakes Ontario. Erie, Huron,
and Superior, and the whole of Lake Michigan,
through which the river flows, are the property of
the bmted States."
The whole nation is interested in securing
cheap transportation from the agricultural
States of the West to the Atlantic sea-board.
To the citizens of those States it secures a
greater return- for their labor ; to the inhabit-
ants of the sea-board it affords cheaper food ;
to the nation, an increase in the annual sur-
plus of wealth.
j It is hoped that the Government of Great
Britain wiil see the justice of abandoning the
narrow and inconsistent claim to which her
Canadian provinces have urged her adherence.
Our depressed commerce is a subject to
which I called your special attention at the
last session, and suggested that we will in the
future have to look more to the countries south
of us, and to China and Japan, for its revival.
Our representatives to ail these Governments
have exerted their influence to encourage trade
between the United States and the countries
to which they are accredited. But the fact
exists that the carrying is done almost entirely
m foreign bottoms, arid while this state of
affairs exists we cannot control our due share
of the commerce of the world. That between
the Pacific States and China and Japan is
aoout all the carrying trade now conducted in
American vessels. 1 would recommend a lib-
era! policy toward that line of American steam-
ers ; one that will insure its success, and even
increased usefulness.
Ihe cost of building iron vessels, the only
ones that can compete with foreign shir>3 in
Ihf (Mi-n ing irade, is so_m;;'jh greater in the
t.uHed .Stares than ii> foreign countries that >
without some assistance from the Government
j they cannot be successfully built here. There
j will be several propositions laid before Con-
j gress in the course of the present session look-
: ing to a remedy for this evil. Even if it should
i be at some cost to the national Treasury, I
: hope such encouragement will be given as will
i secure American shipping on the high seas
J and American ship-building at home.
| The condition of the archives at the De-
partment of State calls for the early action of
Congress. The building now lcnted by that
Department is afrail structure, at an inconven-
ient distance from the Executive Mansion, and
from the other Departments ; is ill adapted to
the purpose for which it is used; hasnot capacity
•! to accommodate the archives ; and is not fire-
i| proof. Its remote situation, its slender con-
!j struction, and the absence of a supply of
!j water in the neighborhood, leave but little
ji hope of safety for either the building or its
i' contents in case of the accident of a fire. Its
!| destruction would involve the loss of the rolls
! containing the original acts and resolutions
of Congress, of the historic records of the
Revolution and of the Confederation, of the
whole series of diplomatic and consular ar-
chives since the adoption of the Constitution,
and of the many other valuable records and
papers left with that Departmentwhen it was
the principal depository of the Government
archives. I recommend an appropriation for
the construction of a building for the Depart-
ment of State.
I recommend to your consideration the
propriety of transferring to the Department
of the Interior, to which they seem more
jj appropriately to belong, all powers ami duties
.i in relation to the Territories with which the
Department of State is now charged by law
or usage; and from the Interior Depart me lit
to the War Department, the Pension"Buteau,
so far as it regulates the payment of soldiers'
pensions. I would further recommend that
the payment of naval pensions be transferred to
one of the bureaus of tiie Navy Department.
The estimates for the expenses of the
Government for the next fiscal year are
$18,21-1,346 01 less than for the current one,
but exceed the appropriations for the pres-
ent year, for the same items, 58,972,127 50.
In this estimate, however, is included $22,-
338.278 37 for public works heretofore begun
under congressional provision, and ot' which
only so much is asked.* as Congress may chuoso
*" give. _ The appropriation for the tame
to
oreseut fiscal
year was
works for the
$11,081,518 08.
The average value of gold, as compared
with national currency, for the whole of the
year 1809 was about 131, and for eleven
months of 1870 the same relative value has
been about 115.
The approach to a spccie basis is very grati-
fying but the fact cannot be denied that the
instability of the value of our currency is pre-
judicial to our prosperity, and tends to keep
uj> prices to the detriment of trade. The evils
of a depreciated and fluctuating currency are
so great that now, when the premium en gold
has fallen so much, it would seem that the
time has arrived when by wise and prudent
legislation Congress should look to a policy
which would place our currency at par v.iti'i
gold at no distant day.
'Ihe tax collected from the people has been
reduced more than eighty million dollars p.-r
annum. By steadiness in our present ciiip'sa
there is no reason why, in a few shuit yi.u-s,
the national tax-gatherer may not di.-app«iir
from the door of the citizen almost, entnely.
With the revenue stamp dispensed by post-
masters in every community, !t tax upon
liquors of all sorts, and tobacco ill all its
forms, and by a wise adjustment of the tariff,
I which will put. a duty only upon those articles
; iraich wo could dispense with, known as hixu-
| no3, and on those which we use tni>r j uf than
i wo pioduee, revenue enough may he raised,
