1871.
1HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
835
agrepd in his contract in so many words to
carry the mail " whatever might be its weight
I use the language of the contract. He re-
viewed the evidence, upon the old affidavits
on file in the House of Representatives, and
in the pocket of the stray member of Congress
who had been wandering all that time up and
down the earth, the Lord knows where. _ He
then allowed upon those two contracts §235,000
in addition to what Mr. Postmaster General
Brown had allowed.
One item of S30,000 he allowed upon the
pimple letter of a postmaster to Mr. Chorpen-
ning. Ami why? Because the statute said
he must, take the affidavits and proofs on file
in the House of Representatives; and that let-
ter, and nothing else in relation to that item,
w:is on file. I will read to members just what
com us $30,000 by our own enactment. This
is (lie paragraph which the postmaster wrote
to Chorpenning:
"I hiive no Imitation in saying, from my knowl-
odupof the waiter, that more than twice the amount
h.is? been carried on that route than would have been
il the eastern mail had been carried punctually at
;iII seasons of the year since the present contracts
were entered into."
This is a paragraph in a mere private letter
which was permitted to override the provisions
of a contract in which Chorpenning had bound
himself to take all the way mails, whatever their
weight. Instead of confining himself to what
lie found in the post office at Salt Lake when
lie started, he had to take the mail thaUwas
brought there on the way to California. One
hundred and ninety-six thousand dollars was
aliowpd upon the single affidavit of one of
the employes of Chorpenning on that affidavit
alone. The statement of the affidavit is as
follows:
"Witness further states, thatin the month of July,
there wore between seven and eis;ht hundred
pounds of eastern mail matter, or mail belonging to
the Independence, Missouri, and Salt Lake route,
thrown upon and carried by the contractor on route
12S01, from California to Silt Lake, and that since
that time there is generally every trip from five
to nine hundred pound's of this Independence mail
earned by the contractor over route 12301."
The affidavit was made here in the city of
Washington eighteen months after the thing
was all over. It, was made upon the mere mem-
ory of the party testifying. My friend from
Illinois [Mr. FaIixsworth] suggests that the
affidavit was drawn for the witness. I do not
know how that may be, but there was certainly
no opportunity to put to him any interrogatory
in the interest" of the United States, no oppor-
tunity for any representative of the Government
to see the witness face to face, and thus weigh
hi.s testimony and ascertain its character.
In addition to that, $13,736 20 was allowed
upon two items of testimony—one what Mr.
Postmaster General Creswell believed to be a
report made to this House, but which was never
made, and the other an affidavit of the brother
of Chorpenning, made a long time after the
service was rendered. Upon the affidavit of
that brother alone $60,000 more has been
allowed, making $209,730 20 allowed upon the
testimony to which I have called the attention
of the House, solely because the Congress of
the United States enacted that the allowances
should bo made upon proofs on file in the
House of Representatives. The examining
officer was not permitted, in the language ot
Mr. Postmaster Brown, to Jook further or to
inquire into those proofs. That makes the first
item of the $143,000 which has been allowed
under the resolution of July 15, 1S70. I now
wish to call the attention of the House to the
item of $205,000, which makes up the balance
of this $413,000.
Mr. SAliGHXT. The gentleman says very
properly that the report to which be has re-
ferred was never made to this House; but it
seems to me that as printed it carries -on its
face, in the signatures of the members of the
committee, sufficient evidence to lead a Cabinet
officer or any one else examining the case to
suppose that the report had really been made.
lir. DAWES. I am free to say, Mr. bpeaker,
that the PQStmaster General was justified in
believing that it was a report made to the
House. In the brief that was submitted to him
it is printed precisely as if it were a report
made to the House of Representatives. It is
called a report, aud at the bottom there is
printed, precisely as if it were a part of the
report, a paper to which I have alluded which
was signed by the members of the Post Office
Committee. That paper is in these words:
"The undersigned, membersof theHouse Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, do consent that
the report of Mr. Hill on the petition of George
Chorpenning be accepted as in regular meeting of
the committee, and do agree that the joint resolu-
tion reported by him, accompanying his report, be
offered for consideration in the House, and recom-
mend its passage.
" July 6,1870."
This piece of paper, signed by eight mem-
bers of the committee, was attached to this
particular document, which was printed in this
brief and passed upon the Postmaster Gen-
eral as a report made to this House.
Having made this correction, I desire to do
ample justice to all those parties who took
part in the consideration of this claim of
$205,000 under the last clause of the resolu-
tion of July last. It was a claim that never
appeared before any one of this long list of
Postmasters General, although it is alleged
to have accrued in 18G0, ten years ago; nor
did it appear in the Court of Claims when
the claim was filed there; nor did it appear
before the committee when the application
was made there.
One clause of the resolution of July 15,1870,
is in these words:
"And the claim growing out of the curtailment
and annulment of his contract on route No. V280I,
on the basis of his agreement with the Postmaster
General for the service, and to be settled as provided
for the services named in said act of March 3,1857."
Upon that it turned out in 1858 that he had
another contract to run from Salt Lake City
to Placerville, in California, which mail con-
tract contained four branches, providing for
four different kinds of service at four different
rates, the highest of which was $130,000 per
annum. After he had commenced it was all
soon ordered up to the highest. He ran two
years, lacking twenty five days, on that con-
tract, which contained the further stipulation,
(and I will read the* words of the contract)—
"'That, the Postmaster General may discontinue
or curtail the service, m whole or in ivirt, in order
to place on the route a greater degree of service,
or, whenever the public interests require such dis-
continuance or curtailment for any other cause, lie
allowing one mouth's extra pay on the amount ot
service dispensed with.' and further, ' that the Post-
matter General may anuul the contract for repeated
failures' and for certain other causes therein par-
ticularly specified."
In 1800 Mr. Postmaster General Holt issued
this order ill his own handwriting:
"It being proved to my entire satisfaction, from
the testimony on file in this Department, as well as
from othersouroes of information. thatlTeorge voor-
penuing, contractor on route 13&U1. between fealfc
Lake City, in Utah, ami PlacerviUe, California, has
not performed or caused to be performed the service
in accordance with the terms and requirements ot
hi* said contract, but has repeatedly iaued to do so,
and has often, if not habitually, substituted upon a
large part of said route a grade ot service inferior
to that stipulated for in said contract, and that this
irregular and imperfect service has been consequent
unon the failure of said Chorpenning to provide the
necessary stock on said route; and as the highest
interest* of the service require that this conuitiou
of things should not be continued; therefore, by vir-
tue of t he power vested in me as Postmaster Genera I 
it is ordered, that the said contract of Chorpenning,
bearing dato the 1st day of June, 1858, stipulating?
fur the performance ofthe service on said route, be.
and the same is hereby, annulled and held ior naught
from this date/'
Tti the language of the contract itself, in
which he reserves the right to annul that con-
tract by allowing one month's pay, he allowed
one month's pay. It was taken by Ohorpen-
mnv, and then it rested until after he lost his
ease in the Court of Claims. Then, for the
first time, he made a claim ro Postmaster Gen-
eral Randall, in 180S, for damages because of
the annulment of this contract according to
the very stipulation be had entered into. It
was referred by the Postmaster General to the
contract office ; and here is the report of that
office;
Post Office Department,
Contract Office, Map 11,1868.
Sxe: The following report is submitted in com-
pliance with your order indorsed on the letter of
George Cliorpenning, dated on the 2Sth ultimo:
Mail route No. 12801, Utah, Jutv 1,1S58, to Juno
30, 1862, was advertised October 22, 1867, as: Irotn
Salt Lake to dan Pedro, California, nine hundred
and seventeen miles, once a month, with invitation
for service twice a month. Schedule time, twenty-
five days.
The lowest bid was that of George Chorpenning,
at $27,500 per annum, ouce a month, and $34,400twice
a month, through in twenty days* and the latter was
accepted March 22, 1858, and a contract executed
June 1, 1858.
April 1, 1&>8, the Postmaster General ordered that
the route be changed, so as to run from Salt Lake to
Placerville, California, "distance rather less, out a
more difficult and hazardous road." without change
of pay. (The distance was lessened one hundred and
forty-nine miles by this change of route.) 'Ibis ser-
vice and pay, namely, from Salt Lake to Plaeerviile,
twice a month, in twenty days, at $34,400, that is all
is contained in the contract; but by order of same
date, April 1,1858, and modified August 1, the ser-
vice was improved in mode and speed," so as to carry
in covered carriages, or in wagons, drawn by tour
mules or horses, and to run through in sixteen dayV
at an additional pay of §30,600 per annum. June 19,
1859, the service was further improved to weekly
trips, to be perfarmed in twelve days, in covered
carriages, lour mules or horse.:., at an additional pay
of £65,000 per annum. This made the whole pay per
annum as follows;
Per original contract, twice a month, horse, twen-y
days    
Increase of speed (sixteen days) and four-
horse carriages, by order     39,60J
Weekly trips and increasing speed, (twelve
days,) four-horse carriages, by order  05,000
Maximum pay  130,000
which began July 5,1858, and continued to
July 1. 1So9. when, in pursuance of an order
of Postmaster General Holt, dated April 8.
the service was reduced to semi-monthly
trips, more than one half, but at a reduc-
tion of pay of §15,000 dollars less than pro
iatat namely       50,000
Leaving the pay per annum    $30,0.}0
This reduction of service and pay was made in
accordance with a provMon contained in this and
all contracts, as follows: "The Postmaster General
may disconiinue or curtail the service in whole or in
part, in order to place on the route a greater degree
of service, or whenever the public interests require
such discontinuance or curtailment for any otlm*
cause, he allowing one month's extra pay on the
amount of service dispensed with,%i and was nc* -s-
s>ary in consequence of the failure of the Post Office
appropriation bill at the session of 1S5S-59, compel-
ling 'he Department to discontinue, curt.ui, and sus-
pend mail service in eveiy section of tho country to
thp. amount of about one and a quarter million
On the record appears thin order of the Postmaster
General,dated December3,1859: "Contractorhavmg
failed to perform service since 12th October, adver-
tise for proposals." ]STo action seems to have been
had on this order; but on the 10th May, 1860, tho fol-
lowing order was issued by PostmasterGeneral Holt,
as appears by his journal of official acts, (vol. 46,
"Konte No. 12801,Utah,Salt Lake City to Placer-
vine, California, seven hundred and ninety-eight
miles, twice monthly, four-horse covered wagon.
George Chorpenning, $80,000.". ,
" It being proved to my entire satislactien, from
the testimony on file in this Department, as well as
frum other sources of information,that George Onor-
nenoing. contractoron routeNo. 12801. between bait
Lake City, in Utah, and PJacerville, Calitomw, has
not performed or caused to be performed the service
in accordance with the terms an I requirements of
his said contract, but. has repeatedly failed to do
s«, aud hasafteiu if not habitually, substituted in  on
a large part of said route a grade of service tijrerior
to that stipulated for in said contract; aud that this
irregular and imperfectscrvico has bean consequent
upon the failure of said Chorpenning toprovtde tho
necessary stock on said route; and as the highest in-
terests of the service require that this condition of
things should not be c mtinued: therefore, by virtue
of the power vested in me as Postmaster General, it
is ordered, that the said contract of Chorpenning,
bearing Uato the 1st day of June, 1855. stipulating tor
the performance of the service on said route, be, anu
the same is herebv, annulled and held for naught
from this date." (The •rigmal of this order is in
the handwriting of Postmaster General Holt.)
It is stated, and repeated m the memorial, that
the compensation of this contractor wasi >100.000 or
weekly service, in sixteen days, and$190,000 m tw oh e
days. No figures of this description appear on the
-ecords in the whole transaction. The utmost pay
agreed upon was $130,000, for weekly, twelve-d.iy
trio* It is again said that tho reductum of service
rendered necessary by the loss of the appropriation
bill in 1359 left tho contractor less than one bait
of the price agreed upon. ihe fact is that it lelt
