1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$
after a few years of peace and consequent
reduction of indebtedness, to fulfill all our
obligations. A further reduction of expenses,
in addition to a reduction of interest account,
may be relied on to make this practicable.
Revenue reform, if it means this, has my
hearty support. If it implies a collection of
all the revenue for the support of Govern-
ment, for the payment of principal and inter-
est of the public debt, pensions, &e., by
directly taxing the people, then I am against
revenue reform, and confidently believe the
people are with me. If it means failure to
provide the necessary means to defray all the
expenses of Government, and thereby repudi-
ation of the public debt and pensions, then I
am still more opposed to such kind of revenue
reform.
Revenue reform has not been defined by
any of its advocates, to my knowledge, but
seems to be accepted as something which is to
supply every man's wants without any cost or
effort on his part. A true revenue reform can-
not be made in a day, but must be the work of
national legislation and of time. As soon as
the revenue can be dispensed with all duty
should he removed from coffee, tea, and other
articles of universal use not produced by our-
selves. The necessities of the country compel
us to collect revenue from our imports. An
army of assessors and collectors is not a pleas-
ant sight to the citizens, but that or a tariff for
revenue is necessary. Such a tariff, so far as
it acts as an encouragement to home produc-
tion, affords employment to labor, at living
wages, in contrast to the pauper labor of the
Old World, and also in the development of
home resources.
Under the act of Congress of the 15th day
of July, 1870, the Army has gradually been
reduced, so that, on the 1st day of January,
1871, the number of commissioned officers and
men will not exceed the number contemplated
by that law.
The Yv:ar Department building is a.n old
structure, not fire-proof, and entirely inade-
quate in dimensions to our present wants.
Many thousand dollars are now paid annually
for rent of private buildings to accommodate
the various bureaus of the Department. I
recommend an appropriation for a new Wat
Department building suited to the present and
growing wants of the nation.
The report of the Secretary of War shows a
very satisfactory reduction in the expenses of
the Army for the last fiscal year. For details
you are referred to his accompanying report.
The expense? of the Navy for the whole of
the last year, t. a., from December 1, 1869, the
date of the last report, are less than nineteen
million dollars, or about one million dollars
less than they were the previous year. The
expanses since the commencement of this fiscal
year. i. c.. since July 1, show, for the five
months, a 'decrease of over two million four
hundred thousand dollars from those of the
corresponding months last year.
The estimates for the current year were
S28.205.071 37. Those for next year are
S20'.083',S17, with $y55,100 additional for
necessary permanent improvements. These
estimates are made closely for the mere main-
tenance of the naval establishment as it now
is, without much in the nature of permanent
improvement.
The appropriations made for tl e last^and
curient years weie evidently intended by Con-
gress, and aresufficient, only to keep the Navy
on its present footing, by the^ repairing and
refitting of our old ships. This policy must,
of course, gradually but surely destroy _ the
Navy, and it 13 in itself far from economical,
as each year that it is pursued the necessity
for mere repairs in ships and navy-yards be-
comes more imnerative and more cosily ; and
our enn-em, expenses aie annually increased
for the mere repair of ships, many of which
nun-' soon become unsafe and useless. I hope
dming the present, session of Congress to be
able to submit to it a plan by which naval ves-
sels can be built and repairs made with great
saving upon the present cost.
It can hardly be wise statesmanship in a
Government which represents a country with
over five thousand miles of coast line on both
oceans, exclusive of Alaska, and containing
forty millions of progressive people, with rela-
tions of every nature with almost every foreign
country, to rest with such inadequate means
of enforcing any foreign policy either of pro-
tection or redress. Separated by the ocean
from the nations of the eastern continent, our
Navy is our only means of direct protection to
our citizens abroad, or for the enforcement of
any foreign policy.
The accompanying report of the Postmaster
General shows a most satisfactory working of
that Department. With the adoption of the
recommendations contstfned therein, particu-
larly those relating to a reform in the franking
privilege and the adoption of the "corre-
spondence cards," a self-sustaining postal sys-
tem may speedily be looked for, and at 110
distant day a further reduction of the rate of
postage be attained.
I recommend authorization by Congress to
the Postmaster General and Attorney Gen-
eral to issue all commissions to officials ap-
pointed through their respective Departments.
At present these commissions, where appoint-
ments are presidential, are issued by the State
Department. The law in all the Departments
of Government, except those of the Post Office
and of Justice, authorizes each to issue its
own commissions.
Always favoring practical reforms, I respect-
fully call your attention to one abuse, of long
standing, which I would like to see remedied
by this Congress. It is a reform in the civil
service of the country. I would have it go
beyond the mere fixing of the tenure of office
of clerks and employes who do not require
"the advice and consent of the Senate" to
make their appointments complete. I would
have it govern, not the tenure, but the manner
of making, all appointments. There is no
duly which so much embarrasses the Exec-
utive and heads of Departments as that of
appointments; nor is there any such arduous
and thankless labor imposed on Senators and
Representatives as that of finding places for
constituents. The present system does not
secure the best men, and often not even fit men
for public place. The elevation and purifi-
cation of the civil service of the Government
will be hailed with approval by the whole peo-
ple of the United States.
Reform in the management of Indian affairs
has received the special attention of the Ad-
ministration from its inauguration to the pres-
ent day. The experiment of making it a mis-
sionary work was tried with a few agencies,
given to the denomination of Friends, and has
been found to work most advantageously. All
agencies and superintendencies not so dis-
posed of were given to officers of the Army.
The act of Congress reducing the Army ren-
ders Army officers ineligible lor civil positions.
Indian agencies being civil offices, I determ-
i inejl to give all the agencies to such religious
denominations as had heretofore established
missionaries among the Indians, and perhaps
to some other denominations who would under-
take the work on the same terms, t. e., as a
missionary work. The societies selected are
allowed to name their own agents, subject to
the approval of the Executive, and are ex-
pected to watch over them, and aid them as
missionaries to christianize and civilize the
Indian, and to train him in the arts of peace.
The Government watches over the offieia! acts
of these agents, and requires of them as strict
an accountability as if they were appointed in
any other manner. I entertain the confident
hope that the policy now pursued will m a few
years bring ail the Indians upon reservations,
where they will live in houses, have school-
houses and churches, and wiil be pursuing
peaceful and self-sustaining avocations,_ and
where they may be visited by the law-abiding
white man with the same impunity that he
now visits the civilized white settlements. I
call yonr special attention to the report of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs for full
information on this subject.
During the last fiscal year 8,095,413 acres of
public land were disposed of. Of this quantity
3,698,910.05 acres were taken under the home-
stead law, and 2,159,515.81 sold for cash. The
remainder was located with military warrants,
college or Indian scrip, or applied in satis-
faction ofgrants to railroads, or for other public
uses. The entries under the homestead law
during the last year covered 961,545 acres more
than those during the preceding year. Surveys
have been vigorously prosecuted to the full
extent of the means applicable to the purpose.
The quantity of land in market will amply sup-
ply the present demand. The claim of the set-
tler under the homestead or the preemption
laws is not, however, limited to lands subject
to sale at private entry. Any unappropriated
surveyed public land may to a limited amount
be acquired under the former laws, if the party
entitled to enter under them will comply with
the requirements they prescribe in regard to
the residence and cultivation. The actual set-
tler's preference right of purchase is even
broader, and extends to lands which were
unsurveyed at the time of his settlement. His
right was formerly confined within much nar-
rower limits, and at one period of our history
was conferred only by special statutes. They
were enacted from time to time to legalize what
was then regarded as an unauthorized intrusion
upon the national domain. The opinion that
the public lands should be regarded chiefly as
a source of revenue is no longer maintained.
The rapid settlement and successful cultiva-
tion of them are now justly considered of more
importance to our well-being than is the fund
which the sale of them would produce.
The remarkable growth and prosperity of
our new States and Territories attest the wis-
dom of the legislation which invites the tiller
of the soil to secure a permanent home on
terms within the reach of all. The pioneer
who incurs the dangers and privations of a front-
ier life, and thus aids in laying the foundation
of new commonwealths, renders a signal ser-
vice to his country, and is entitled to its special
favor and protection. These laws secure that
object and largely promote the general welfare.
They should therefore be cherished as a per-
manent feature of our land system.
Good faith requires us to give full effect to
existing grants. The time-honored and benefi-
cent policy of setting apart certain sections
of public land for educational purposes in the
new States should be continued. When ample
provision shall have been made for these objects,
I submit, as a question worthy of serious con-
sideration, whether the residue of our national
domain should not be wholly disposed of under
the provisions of the homestead and preemp-
tion laws.
In addition to the swamp and overflowed
lands granted to the States in which they are
situated, the lands taken under the_ agricul-
tural college acts and for internal improve-
ment purposes, under the act of September,
1841, and the acts supplemental thereto, there
had been conveyed, up to the close of the last
fiscal 3'ear, by patent or other equivalent evi-
dence of title, to States and corporations,
27,830,237.03 acres for railways, canals, and
wagon-roads. It is estimated that an additional
ouamity of 17-1.735,523 acres is still due under
grants for like uses. The policy of thus aiding
the States in building works of internal im-
provement was inaugurated more than
years since in the grants to Indiana ami 1.11-
nois to aid those States in opening cana.s to
connect the waters of the Wabash with (hose
of Lake Erie, and the waters of the Illinois
with those of Luke Michigan. It was folk, wed,
Willi sonae modifications, in t.i<3 gr.-mt u> l.ti-
