836
THJ5 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
him glS.OOO more than half the original price, and
ho was aiso paid an additional sum ol $4,166 66, being
a month's extra pay on the $50,000 retrenched.
iluch stress is laid on the alleged delays in making
payments, and it is boldly asserted that "not one
dollar was paid him during nearly the entire last
year of his services." His services erased June 5,
lsao. and the books of the Auditor's office show that
he was paid £63.000 in one warrant., February 23, I860,
which was certainly within "the last year." His
account was finally settled September X, 1B60, by the
payment of *53,973 84, and he had been previously
paid $2,302 62 as interest, (under aet of February 15,
I860,) on deferred paymentsconSequenton the failure
of the appropriation bill.
It is Stated that "the Department withheld the
enormous sum of over $20,000 as payments in fines
for alleged failures." The books of th.a inspection
offi-e show that $12,198 65 was charged against the
contractor for " inferior service" from November 1,
185S, to April 1,1S59, and October 1. 1859, to Jane 5,
1860; that is. for a mode or grade of service inferior
to that which he had stipulated to perform, and for
which he was liberally paid. He was also charged
$8,333 actually paid by the Department for service
pertormed by other parties which he failed or omit-
ted to perform. But in this case his liability ex-
tended only to the difference between the sum thus
paid and his own pay, which continued as u«ual.
There is no reason to suppose that these deductions
and payments were not perfectly correct. They
must have been founded on the registers required
by law and the official reports of postmasters. If
such dara «annot be relied upon nothing can which
comes from the sworn and trusted agents of the Gov-
ernment. The claimant refers "to the testimony
ol some thirty witnesses which he has Sled in the
Department, among them that of the postmaster of
Salt Lake City," and he adds "these proofs fully
establish that the people all along the line, and who
were directly interested in this service, were entirely
satisfied with the manner in which it had been per-
formed," i-C.
papers of the kind were filed with the memo-
rial in May last, and-if it is intended to say that they
were previously filed the most diligent search has
failed to di«cover them in the Department. They
cannot be found nor any trace of them. The pre-
sumption is, therelore, that they were never filed.
But if it was shown that the people on the line, or
a portion of them, were "entirely satisfied with the
manner in which the service was pertormed," it
would not be proof that it was "satisfactory" to
the Department or the Postmaster General then in
office, and was according to contract; would not
disprove the allegation that " inferior service" was
performed instead of the four-horse, or mule, and
coach service stipulated by the contract, and for
"which large compensation was made.
The couciusion arrived at from this examination is
that this contractor was treated by the Department
with great liberality and leniency, and with strict
and impartial justice, and that he has no claim on
the United States growing out of this business. If
he has any just claim there are hundreds of others
standing precisely in the same situation.
The Postmaster (texerh,.
Mr. Speaker, that report was prepared by a
venerable gentleman now in that Department,
■who has been there for thirty years, known
to every member of Congress, and who is as
familiar with all the laws relating to the Post
Office Department, and all that is due from
or to that Department, as a ehild does his
abe's. He is as just a man as any who walks
the face of the earth.
This was the condition of this last claim
when last July it was brought in, as I have
shown, in a joint resolution which passed the
House and Senate in the manner in whieh 1
have described. It came before Postmaster
General Creswell, and he construed it to nullify
that provision in the contract by which Cbor
penning stipulated that he would take one
month's pay, whenever the contract should be
annulled, as full compensation for the annul-
ment, and held that it required him, under the
language of the resolution, to adjust this claim
in the same manner that the claim of 1857 was
adjusted. Thereupon he came to this conclu-
sion : that he was to allow him as damages,
notwithstanding he had himself agreed to take
as damages one month's pay, all the profits on
that contract, as if he had been permitted to
go through with it.
But he arrived at it in this way. He took
the whole contract at the highest compensation
allowed him, although he had run part of the
time on lower compensation. Inasmuch as
that required, at the highest compensation,
$130,000 a year, and there were four years to
run, it made §-380.000, the full amount which
he was to have had from the Government if he
had run through. Now he subtracted from
that $580,000 what had been paid him, which
left the balance of some three hundred thou-
sand dollars. From that he took Chorpen-
ning'sowh statement of what it cost him to run,
and then his own statement of receipts, and
diminishing that by a certain amount because
of exaggeration he took that and deducted it
from the $300,000 and subtracted the balance
from $530,000, and it left, in exact figures,
$205,900; and that is the amount he awarded
as profits. So that, if you come to examine
it, you will find that he had two years and
twenty-five days on his contract yet to run. If
he had run that time he would have received
for running it $269,028. In other words, the
resolution of last July was so drawn as, in the
judgment of the Postmaster General, to compel
him to say that four dollars out of every five
of the money was clear profit; he allowed him
upon that balance, if the contract had been
carried through, of $269,000, he allowed him
as profit and damage for not carrying it through
$206,000. That, pat with the $257,000 I have
already alluded to, makes the sum, in exact
figures, of $443,010.
Then, sir, it was proposed to pay this out
of the money we had appropriated for carrying'
tlie mails the present year, and that was done
upon the ground that in the law of 1857 there
was an authority to pay whatever was settled
under that law out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated. If that
law covered any portion of this it only cov-
ered the $237,000, which I suppose it might
fairly be said was adjusted under this new
law, but it did not reach the $205,000. And
there was no provision for appropriating out of
that under the law of 1857. For that did not
accrue until 1860. But, sir, notwithstanding
all that, by our act of last year we covered
into the Treasury all unexpended balances,
and forbade, in so many words, the paying out
of the appropriation of the present year any-
thing which had accrued in previous years.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour
has expired.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] have
ten minutes more.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
disposed to object. I do not object to its
being done, but 1 object to giving up Monday
to do it.
Mr. ALLISON. The matter is very im-
portant, and I hope the lime of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will be
extended.
Mr. DAWES. In reply to my colleague,
[Mr. Butler,] I would say that I have taken
Monday as I could not get the floor for this
purpose on another day. I only wish five
minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman's time being extended for five
minutes?
There was no objection.
Mr, DAWES. I have not come here to
make any charge against any officer or against
any member of Congress.
Mr. BEAMAN. Will the gentlematr allow
me to interrupt him, by asking him, while on
the floor, to move that the report of the Post-
master General on this subject be printed ?
Mr. DAWES. I have undertaken to show
what has been the consequence of the precip-
itate action of Congress on the last day of last
session, and for a double purpose, not only of
rescuing this $443,000 from men whom the
officers of the Department declare to be enti-
tled to not one red cent whatever, but also, if
it be possible, of taking to myself, as much as
any other member of the House, the lesson
this teaches me, to stop two things; first, to
stop the imposing upon the executive depart-
ment of this Government the adjustment of
claims without permitting them the oppor-
tunity to examine witnesses; and, secondly, to
stop the putting through of claims in the mau-
ner in which weput this through, without know-
ing ourselves what we did. That is all I desire
to say.
I ask that the report of the Postmaster Gen-
eral be printed in the Globe.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered. The report will be found iu the
Appendix.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck,] who is a member of the
Committee ou Appropriations, desires to be
heard for a few minutes, and I hope there wiil
be no objection.
Mr. BECK. I only want five minutes.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the gentleman from Kentucky will be allowed
five minutes. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, while I cordially
agree to the resolution reported from the
Committee on Appropriations, which I need
hardly repeat is the unanimous report of the
committee, to rescind the resolution crowded
through on the last day of the last session, 1
am obliged to say that I differ somewhat, if I
understand the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations correctly, from the view which
he takes with regard to the action of the Post-
master General. I do not say that Congress
has facts enough before it to find that lie is
distinctly censurable or that he has been guilty
of malfeasance in office. But I do say that,
when we come to look at ail the facts in the
ease, he acted with undue haste, if not with
gre%t negligence, in allowing this claim to go
through without giving Congress the oppor-
tunity of knowing why he had rendered such
a decision as he did on the extraordinary fuels
before him. He must have known, or at least
suspected, that it was a l'raud. He virtually
says that it did not meet his approval ; but he
says that he was limited by the terms of the
law. But it will be observed that he did not
sign the report allowing it until the 23d day
of December, when Congress had been in ses-
sion for nearly a month ; and at least, seriously
suspecting it to be a fraud, and knowing that
he was limited to papers that did not tell the
whole truth, but in fact concealed the truth,
it was his duty, in my judgment, to call the
attention of Congress to the ease. It is certain
tbat he had ample time to do so between the
4th and the 23d of December, when he signed
the report allowing $4-13,000 on a fraudulent
claim. He knew that this claimant bad already
received some three hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars more thau he was entitled lo
under his contracts with the Government, and
yet with the knowledge of these facts, with
the facts staring him in the face by records in
his own office that it was a fraudulent claim,
that it had been reported against by his pre-
decessors in office as well as by the Court
of Claims, and that it went through Congress
without Congress knowing anything about it,
he was derelict in not advising Congress of
the facts instead of proceeding under such cir-
cumstances to allow the claim. The evil, in my
opinion, grew out of this: that this claim was
managed by Mr. Earle, formerly First Assist-
ant Postmaster General under Mr. Creswell
and the former law partner of the Postmaster
General. He resigned his office douBtless
after he had obtained information in the De-
partment that would enable him to push claims
like this through Congress and the Depart-
ment, and then for a large contingent fee he
gets in this case the sum of $443,000 for his
client, taking advantage of his former posi-
tion and the confidence of the Postmaster
General in him.
It is not true that the action of the Post-
master General was based on the report of a
committee, although Mr. Earle sets forth such
report in his brief, knowing that ihe Postmas-
ter General would act on his statement without
further examination. There was no report in
the case. The Globe shows that Mr. Cessna,
of Pennsylvania, introduced this bill, n<jt as
from a committee at all, but on his own indi-
vidual responsibility, and without a word of
