1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ii
VIRGINIA.
♦ Richard S. Ayer, William Milnes, jr.,
James H. Piatt, jr., Lewis McKenzie,
Charles II. Porter, James K. Gibson.
George W. Booker,
KOfcTH CAROLINA.
Clinton L. Cobb, Francis E. Shober.
Alexander H. -Tones.
SOUTH CAKOLINA.
C. C. Bowen, Alexander S. Wallace.
ALABAMA. MISSISSIPPI.
Peter M. Dox. George C. McKee.
LOUISIANA.
Lionel A. Sheldon, C. B. Darrall.
OHIO.
Ptriladelph Van Trump,
George W. Morgan,
M.irtia Welker,
Eliakim II. Moore,
John A. Bingham,
Jacob A. Ambler,
William II. Upson,
James A. Garfield.
G. W. Whitmnre,
John C. Conner.
Job E. Stevenson,
Robert C. Schenek,
William Lawrence,
William Mungon,
John A. Smith,
James J. Winans,
John Bcatty,
Edward F, Dickinson,
Erasmus D. Peck,
KENTUCKY.
Boyd Winchester, Thomas L. Jones.
TENNESSEE.
William B. Stokes, Isaac B. Hawkins,
Lewis Tillman, William J. Smith.
William F. Prosser,
INDIANA.
William E. Nil)lack, James N. Tyner,
George W. Julian, John P. C. Shanks,
John Coburo, William Williams,
Godlove S. Orth, Jasper Packard.
ILLINOIS.
Norman B. Judd, Shelby JI. Cullom,
John F. Farnaworth, Thompson W. McNeoly,
Horatio C. Bmohard," Albert G. Burr,
John B. Haw ley, John B. Hay,
Ebon C. Iii?ersoll, John M. Crelss,
Burtoa C. Cook, John A. Logan.
MISSOURI.
Enistus Weils. Samuel S. Bardett,
G. Finkelhburir, Robert T. Van Horn,
Sempr iuus II. Boyd, Joel E. Asper.
MICHIGAN.
Fernnn>lo C. Beaman, Taouias W. Ferry,
AViiliam L. Stoaghton, Omar D. Conger,
Austin Blair, Randolph Strickland.
FLORIDA.
Charles M. Hamilton.
TEXAS.
W. T. Clark,
Edward Degener.
IOWA.
George W. MeCrary, Frank W. Palmer,
"William B. Allison, Charles Pomcroy.
William Loughridge,
WISCONSIN.
Halbert E. Paine, Charles A. Eldridffe,
David Atwood, Philetus Sawyer,
Amasa Cobb, Cadwalader C. Washburn.
CALIFORNIA.
Samuel B. Axtell, James A. Johnson.
Aaron A. Sargent,
MINNESOTA.
Morton S. Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson.
OREGON. KANSAS.
Joseph S. Smith. Sidney Clarke.
WEST VIRGINIA.
James C. McGrew, John S. Witcher.
NEVADA. NEBRASKA.
Thomas Fitch. John Taffe.
UTAH. - WASHINGTON.
William H. Hooper. Selucius Garfielde.
IDAHO.
J. K. Shafer.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to announce that
my colleague, Mr. Kerr, is detained at home
by severe and protracted illness. He is, how-
ever. convalescing, but will not probably be
in his seat before the holidays.
Mr. WOOD. I would state that my col-
league, Mr. C.u.iux, is also absent on account
of sickness.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and seventy-
three members, being more than a quorum of
the House, have answered to their names.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE. •
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, informed the House that
a quorum of the Senate had assembled, and
that body was ready to proceed to business.
The message further announced that Mr.
Wilson and Mr. Casserly had been appointed
a committee on the part of the Senate, to join
such committee as may be appointed by the
House, to wait upon the President of the Uni-
ted States, and to inform him that a quorum
of each House has assembled and that Con-
gress is ready to receive any communication
he may be pleased to make.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] yield to mc for a few
moments?
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand that the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] the
chairman of the Committee on Elections, de-
sires to present a privileged question. I
therefore yield to him for that purpose.
CltEDENTIALS 01' MEMBERS-ELECT.
Mr. PAINE. I hold in my hand the cre-
dentials of J. H. Sypher, Representative-elect
from the first congressional district of the
State of Louisiana for the remainder of the
Forty First Congress. They seem to be regu-
lar. I hear of no contest, of no dispute in the
case. I send the credentials to the Chair. I
move that the member-elect be now sworn in.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Do I under-
stand the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paine] to say that there is no question in
this case ?
Mr. PAINE. I have heard of none.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I am so
ill-informed concerning the politics of Louis-
iana 
Mr. STEVENSON. This is all right, at
all events.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that no papers have been filed indi-
cating a contest in this case.
Mr. COX. I would inquire if this election
was held on the same day that the elections
in Louisiana were held during the fall just
passed? I am sure there will be contests
growing out of that class of elections, and we
should be careful not to set a precedent in
this case which we will desire hereafter to
depart from.
Mr. PAINE. I must call the previous
question on my motion, unless the question
can be taken without further debate.
The SPEAKER. The credentials will be
read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
State of Louisiana,
Executive L)ei<ahtmi',.vr,
New Ob leans, November 26, 1870.
Be it known that at an election begun and held
on the 7th day of November, A.D. 1870, for mem-
bcrs of Congiess, J. Hale Sypher received 13,968
votes, and Lewis St. Martin received 8,591.
Now, therefore. I, Henry Clay Waruioth, Governor
of the State ot Louisiana, do hereby certify that
J.Hale Svpher, having received a majority of the
votes ca^t at said election, is duly and lawfully
elected to represent the first congressional dis-
trict of the State of Louisiana in the 1 orty-i irst
Congress of the United States.
Given und<a* my hand and the seal of the btate, at
New Orleans, this 26th day of November, A. D.lSjO,
and of the independence of the United States the
ninety-fifth. wtuvATn
Bv the Governor: II. C. W ARMOiH.
GEORGE E. BOVEE, ^ r . .
Secietaw of State of Louisiana.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. My col-
league from the second congressional district
of North Carolina, Mr. Joseph Dixon,elected
to till the vacancy occasioned by the death of
Mr. Heaton, is now present and ready to be
sworn in. _
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that the member-elect from theState of
Carolina is not able to take the oath prescribed
by the act of 1862. He will therefore be
sworn in subsequently to the member-elect
from the State of Louisiana, to whose taking
the oath the Chair hears no objection.
The question recurred upon the motion sub-
mitted by Mr. Paine ; and it was Agreed to.
Mr. Sypher. presented himself, and was duly
qualified by taking the oath prescribed by the
act of July 2, 1862.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
credentials sent to the desk by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Cobb.]
The Clerk read as follows:
State of North Carolina,
Executive Department.
To Hon. Joseph Dixon, greeting:
"Whereas it has been certified to this department
by the sheriffs of theseveral counties composing the
second congressional district thatyou have been duly
elected to represent the second congressional district
of this State in the Forty-First Congress of the United
States, you are hereby commissioned a member of
the House of Representatives of the Congress of the
United States, with all the rights, privileges, and
immunities conferred by the Constitution on mem-
bers of said House.
In witness whereof, his excellency William W.
Holden, our Governor and commander and chief,
hath signed with his hand these presents, and caused
ourgreat seal to be affixed thereto.
Done at the city of Italeigh, on the 2d day of Decern-
rT a -i ber, in the year of our Lord 1870, and in the
L ninety-fifth year of our independence.
W. W. HOLDEN, Governor.
II. J. MENINGER, Secretary of State.
Mr. Joseph Dixon presented himself, and
was duly qualified by taking the oath prescribed
by the act of July* 11, 1808.
virginia election" case.
Mr. MTLNES. I present the credentials
of Hon. R. T. W. Duke, member-elect from
the fifth congressional district of Virginia.
The SPEAKER. The credentials will be
re^id.
The Clerk read as follows:
Commonwealth op Virginia,
Office of Secretary op commonwb klth,
Richmond, November 28.1870.
I, James McDonald, secretary of the Common-
wealth of Virginia, certify that at a meeting of the
board ofState canvassers, held this day at my office,
in pursuance of law, it was ascertained, determined,
and certified, upon an examination of the olhci->l
abstracts of votes received from the clerks of rho
various counties composing the filth congressional
district of the State, that at an election held in said
State the 8th day of November, 1870, under a procla-
mation of the Governor of the State, t'> fill the va-
cancy in theForty-FirstCongressoi the United States
occasioned bv the death oi Hon. Robert llidgway,
R. T. W. Duke, esq., received the greatest number
of votes, an>t was elected.
Given under my hand and seal of office the date
[l. s.] above wiitten.
1 JAMES McDONALD,
Secretary of Cominoiuoeulth of Virginia.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have a number of
papers here containing affidavits and other
proofs connected with the petition of Alex-
ander Rives, who contests the claim of Mr.
Duke as member-elect. He objects to the
count of the polls, and sets forth what should
have been the true count; objects to the re-
turns; objects to the certificate. I propose,
therefore, to move, without entering into the
merits of the matter in any way, that the cre-
dentials of Mr. Duke, together with the peti-
tion and papers of Mr. Rives, be_referred to
the Committee of Elections, with instructions
to report at as early a day as possible, first,
who is prima facie entitled to the seat; and
second, who is entitled upon the merits.
Mr. PLATT. With the consent of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] I will
offer the following resolution, and move the
previous question upon it:
Resolved, That the case of K. T. W. Duke, claim-
ingto be electedfor the unexpired term of tlielorty-
First Congress from the fifth district of "V irgmia, to-
gether with all papers and affidavit relating tnei eto,
be referred to the Cooimittoo of Elections, with in-
structions to report to this House at the earliest day
possible whether thesaidDukeis entitledprzwuf/acie
to a seat as "Representative of thesaid fifth aujtnctot
Virginia in the unexpired term of the iorty-l list
Congress, pending; any contest that may arise con-
cerning the right to such representation.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
that resolution. I withdraw my motion that
