12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
the gentleman from Virginia may offer it and
call the previous question upon it.
Mr. BURR, i hope the previous question
will not be seconded.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schexok] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. There are some formal
resolutions which ought to be acted on, and I
do not desire to occupy time.
Mr. RANDALL. I am a member of the
Committee of Elections, to which committee
the gentleman proposes to refer these papers ;
and therefore it is proper I should have the
opportunity of saying a word.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will make a
suggestion to the gentleman from Ohio, that
if this lead to discussion and a call of the roll,
then by unanimous consent the formal resolu-
tions to notify the President of the assembling
of Congress be received and adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that will be done.
The SPEAKER. The pending business for
a moment will be waived, and the Chair will
recognize the chairman of the Committee of |
Ways and Means. j
committee to wait on the senate. '
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer, then, the resolu- j
tion which I send to the Chair.
The Clerk read as follows : 1
llesolved, Tb.it the Clerk inform the Senate that j
a quorum of the House of ^Representatives has :
assembled, and that the House is ready to proceed I
lo business.
The resolution was adopted.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT OX THE PltLSIDSXT.
Mr. SCHENCK also submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed
on the part of the House, to join such committee as
may be appointed on the part of the Senate, to wait
upon the President ol the United States and iuioiui
him that a quorum of the two Houses has assembled,
and that Congress is ready to receive any communi-
cation he may be pleased to make.
The SPEAKER appointed as such commit-
tee on the part of the House, Mr. Schexck,
Mr. Allison, and Mr. Pottlp..
credentials of members-elect again*.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the Virginia election case.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, all the pa-
pers which the gentleman from Ohio has pre-
sented, as well as the resolution itself, relate
to a contest in this ease and not to the prima
facie right. The prima facie right of Mr.
Duke to the seat is settled by the certificate
read at the Clerk's desk : and I wish to attract
the attention of the House to the difference in
the treatment of two sets of certificates, and
of two precisely similar cases of members-elect.
I venture to say that with the single exception
of the State of Louisiana, where disorders were
alleged to exist, no instance can be found where
a gentleman who is eligible and presents him-
self at the bar of the House with a certificate
coming from the Governor of the Common-
wealth, in accordance with the laws of his
State, has ever been refused to be sworn in.
Now, the proper course and the customary rule
is this, that all applicants equally eligible should
be sworn in, and notice of contest under the
law should bo given by the contestants, which
I am informed has already been done in this
case, and then for the Committee of Elections
to determine on the evidence who is entitled
to contested seats. If Mr. Duke after investi-
gation into the merits cf the case be not en-
titled to this seat, then eject him ironi it. And
I hope the gentleman from Ohio will give us
some explanation other than he has so fat-
done, and not call the previous question on
taking ihi.-s unwarranted, and. as i deem it,
unjust step in behalf of the contestant in this
case and against the member-elect.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 merely dereie to say,
in addition to wii:« 1 have already submitted,
that in the petition there is a distinct averment
that the certificate is itself illegal and void.
On inquiry of the Clerk I find that it lacks
some-of the formalities usually required in a
certificate, and I suppose there will be no
hardship in submitting the matter as a primary
question in this state of the case to the Com-
mittee of Elections, to report at the earliest
day practicable on the prima facie right. I
recognize what has been said by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania as in accordance with the
usage and in accordance with right, but there
is a question made about the prima facie right
in the petition and upon the face of this eer- ;
tificate. '
j Mr. RANDALL. "Will the gentleman from
I Ohio [Mr.SciiExcic] indicate to thellouse what /
those irregularities are, because that certificate
eomesunder the seal of the Commonwealth of 1
Virginia, and it is not likely that the officers
of that State would not follow the law in every
particular ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The management of this
matter has been assumed by the gentleman !
from Virginia, [Mr. Plait,] who will reply to i
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. ;
Mr. PLAIT. 1 am opposed to the gentle- j
man from Virginia being now sworn in, oil the
ground that the certificate he presents is irreg-
ular in form. The certificate simply states :
that Mr. Duke received a majority of the nam- I
ber of votes polled, and nowhere states that
he was duly elected. Further, the certificate
was given on insufficient grounds—on partial
returns. 1 suppose that in discussing this
simple resolution to refer this matter to the
Committee of Elections it would not be proper
for me to enter into a discussion of the queS'
tion which of the contestants is entitled to the :
seat. 1 simply ask that, in accordance with the
precedents which have been set in this House,
the question whether the gentleman whose cre-
dentials have been presented is entitled to be
sworn i:i shall be referred to the Committee
of Elections, to repoit at the earliest practi-
cable moment.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask that the resolution ,
be again read.
The SPEAKER. The Cleikwiil again re
port the resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. I also ask for the reading
of the credentials again—the credentials first.
Mr. M1LNES. I desire to state that those t
credentials are drawn out in accordance with
the law of Virginia. The Governor is not
required to sign the certificate; it is signed by
the secretary of State.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Are these creden-
tials in the same form as the other credentials
from the State of Virginia?
Mr. RANDALL. The former certificates
came from a military power.
The SPEAKER. The Ch-rk will read the
credentials.
The credentials were again read.
The Clerk also again read the resolution, as
follows :
That the ease of R, T. VY. Duke, claim-
in;; to be elected for the unexpired term of the Forty-
First Congress from the fifth district of Virginia,
togetherwith all papersandaiTidavits relating there-
to, be referred to the Committee of Elections, with
instructions to report to the Rouse at the earliest day
possible whether the said t)uke is entitied
facie to a?eat as Representative of the said fift h dis-
trict of Virginia m the unexpired term of thcForty-
First Congress, pending any contest that may ari-e
concerning the right to such representation.
Mr. RANDALL. And now, Mr. Speaker,
in reply to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Platt J who spoke a moment ago, I will say
that I understood one of his objections was that
the certificate did not declare that Mr. Duke
was duly elected. Well, the certificate states
that Mr. Duke received the greatest number of
votes and was elected. Now, is this House to
be asked to play the fool because the word
"duly is left out? This is a most extraor-
dinary procedure which is proposed, and i ask
gentlemen, not only on (Ins but on the other
side of the House, to reflect that if the House
adopt it they will be establishing a precedent
which cannot but have pernicious consequence!
in the future.
Mr. PLATT. In reply to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, I beg simply to say that
the House has already established the prece-
dent which I propose shall be followed in this
case. I do not ask the House to establish a
new precedent. The same procedure was
adopted during this Congress in the contested-
election case of Covode and Foster, from the
State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir. In that case there
was no certificate from the Governor at all.
Mr. PLATT. The credentials were present-
ed, and the prima facie case was reierred to
the Committee of Elections for their decision.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct him? In that case the Governor
failed to declare anybody elected.
Mr. PLATT. I demand the previous ques-
tion on my resolution.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Pi,rrr] allow me a single word?
1 have no interest in this case of a personal
nature, and I desire to say 
Mr. PLATT. I decline to yield.
Mr. COX. Then I hope our side of the
House will be treated with the same fairness
as was extended to the other side in the ease
of Mr. Sypheh.
The question was taken on seconding the
demand for the previous question; and thete
were—ayes 00, noes CI.
Mr. PLATT demanded t> Hers.
Tellers were ordered: and Mr. Hatha!.!.and
Mr. Platt were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers jeport-
td—ayes noes CO.
So the IIen.se refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
The question recurred upon ag'eeii.g to the
resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend the- res-
olution, so as to provide that the gentleman
presenting the credent'als be sworn in at once.
The SPEAKER. That is a privileged ques-
tion, and overrides all other motions.
The question was taken on Mr. Randall's
motion : and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Duke not being pres-
ent to be sworn in, if there be no objection,
the remonstrance presented by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] will be referred to
the Committee of Elections. The Chair hears
no objection, and it is so ordered.
naci;>i.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House now
take a recess until a quarter to two o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; an! the House
accordingly, at seven minutes to one o'clock
p. in., took a recess.
ji15miieii sworn in.
At the close of the recess, Mi. R. T. W.
Duke, member-elect from the fifth congres-
sional district of Virginia, appeared and quali-
fied by taking the oath orescribed bv the act
of July 11, 1808.
I'llUSlDKVl'i? MESSAGE.
Mr. SCIIENCK, from the committee ap-
pointed on the part of the House to join, a
similar committee on the part of the Senate,
to wait upon the President of the United States
to inform him that a quorum of each Hons.;
had assembled, and that the two Hous'^ v.vru
I ready to proceed to business, reported that the
i committee had performed that duty, and that
i the President had informed thi'in that he would
I immediately send a message in writing to the
I two Houses.
■ Mr. Horace Pouter, Private Secretary of
| the President, being announced at the bar of
| the House, said :
| Mr. Speaker, I am directed by the Presi-
dent of the United States to deliver to the
' House of I'eniTM'ntativos a inv-A'j'X" in writing.
The SPEAKKH. it then- bo t,o objection
