838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January SO,
lie Lands to report, for consideration at this
time House bill No. 2499, to amend an aet
entitled "An act making a grant of land to
the State of Minnesota to aid in the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Mississippi
river," approved July 23, 18G8.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLM AN. If there is a report accom-
panying this bill I ask that it be read.
The report was read.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to; there being—ayes 80, noes 39.
The SPEAKER. The bill is now before the
House for action.
Mr. HQLMAN. I do not know that the
effect of the bill in its present form will be to
increase any land grant; but, to avoid any
misapprehension, I move to amend by adding
at the end of the bill the following:
Provided, however. That this act shall not be con-
strued to increase or in any wise enlarge the grant
of land heretofore made for the purpose aforesaid.
Mr. AVILSON, of Minnesota. I have no
desire to make any remarks on this subject. I
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WELCOME TO IRISH EXILES AXD PATBIOTS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce a joint reso-
lution, upon which, if there is no objection, I
wish to make a simple statement. If the reso-
lution be objected to, I shall move a suspen-
sion of the rules.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Be it resolved, &c.. That the Congress of theUnited
States, in the name and behalf of the people of the
United States, gives toJ. O'Donovan Rossa,Thomas
ClarkLubv, John O'Leary,ThomasF. Burke, Charles
Underwood O'Connell, and their associates. Irish
exiles and patriots, a cordial welcome to the capital
and to thecountry; and that a copy of this resolution
be transmitted to them by thePresident of the United
States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules so that the joint resolution
may be introduced and passed.
Mr. RANDALL. Gn that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say that this resolution is drawn in precise
conformity to the resolution of welcome to
Kossuth.
Mr. COX. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Ihe^question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 1*2, nays 21, not voting 46 j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Areher, Arm-
strong. Arnell, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Banks. Bar-
num. Barry, Beaman. Beatty, Beck, Benton, Be-
thune. Biggs, Bingham, Bird. Boles, Boyd, George
¥* ¥rPJ>^t Buckley, Buffinton, Burehard.
Burdett, Beiyamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Batter,
Calkin, Cessna.William T. Clark, AmasaCobb, Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Coburn. Conger. Conner, Cox, Cullom,
DarraJJ, Dawes, Dickinson, Dockery, Donley. Dox.
Duval. Dyer.TJdridge, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher.
Fox Get?,. Gil fa 11 a n. (* r i a w o 1 d, Haight. Ifaldeman,
Himibleton, ilami 1, Harns, Hawley, Hay,flays. Hef-
lin, Hill. Huge.Holman.Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss.
Ingersoll. Johnson. Alexantfpr II. Jones,Thomas L.
Jone3, Judtl,Juii;tn,Kell<\v, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham,
Knott, Lash,Lawrence, Lewis. Logan. Lougbriflge,
Manning. Marshall, Mayham, Maynard.McCoruiick,
AicCrary, McClrew. McKee, McXeely, Mercui\Mil-
pos?, hh-'kim II. Afoote, Jys^e II. Moore, William
Moore. Morov, Morgan, AlurphK D.uiiol J. Morreli.
Samuel P. Morrill, Manser., Myers. Neeley, New-
sham,Jvibh.ek, O'Xeill, William W. Paine. Pal-
mer, Peck, I erce. Phelps, Piatt, Porter, Potter,
1 r"f £r. Kamey. Randall, Rice, lingers, Roots, Sar-
gent, oawyer,,.ehuiiiuker,Scoi4uldt Sltanks,Lionel A.
Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum, John A. Smith, Worth-
ingtoa C. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Steven-
son, Stiles, Stokes. Stsughton, Strader, Strickland,
Strong, Swann, Sypher, Taylor, Tillman. Trimble,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Auken, Van Horn,
Van Trump, Van Wyck. Voorhees. Wallace, Ward,
William B. Washburn. Welker, Wells, Wilkinson,
Williams. Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Winans, Winchester, Witcher, Wood, Woodward,
and Young—172.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler. Bailey, Benjamin, Blair,
Churchill, Joseph Dixon, Nathan I1. Dixon. Perriss.
Hale, Hawkins. Hoar, Jenckes, Kelsey, Knapp,
Laflin, Peters, Pomeroy, Taffe, Tanner, Wheeler,
and Wfllard—21.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Asper, Bennett,
Booker, Bowen, James Brooks. Burr, Cake. Sidney
Clarke, Cleveland, Cook. Corker, Cowles, Crebs,
Degener, Dickey, Duke, Ela, Farnsworth, Fitch,
Garfield. Gibson, Hamilton. Long, Lynch, McCar-
thy, MeKenzie, Morrissey, Orth, Packard, Packer,
llalbert E. Paine. Poland, Price, Beeves. Sanford,
Porter Sheldon, Shobor, Joseph S. Smith, William
J. Smith, Stone. Sweeney, 'fownsend. Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Whitmore. and Wolf—16.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rales were suspended, and the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 480) entitled "Joint resolation of
welcome to Irish exiles and patriots" was
introduced ahd passed.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE).
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
presented a report of the Committee on the
Judiciary iu the matter of the memorial of
Victoria C. Woodhuli; which was ordered to
be printed, and recommitted.
gexbrat o. 0. howard.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask that the report of the
Committee on Education and Labor in the
matter of the charges against General 0. O.
Howard, Superintendent of the Preedmen's
Bureau, be made the special order for Tuesday
next after the morning hour, to the exclusion
of all other orders assigned for that day.
Mr. McNEELY. I do not desire to make
any objection to this if the gentleman will ex-
tend the time one week. The evidence taken
in this case covers some four hundred printed
pages, and it will be impossible for the mem-
bers of the House to acquaint themselves with
all that evidence except the time be extended
one week.
Mr. ARNELL. I agree to that.
There was no objection; and the subject in-
dicated was made the special order for Tues-
day, the 14th of February, after the morning
hour, to the exclusion of all other orders.
MKNOMONKE INDIANS.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I submit the follow-
ing privileged report.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
House to the bil I (S. No. 849)" to authorize the sale of
certain lands reserved for the use of the Menomoneo
tribe of Indians in the State of Wisconsin," having
met, after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the Senate agree to the first, second, and
third amendments of the House.
That the House recede from its fourth amend-
ment.
JAMES HAELAN,
TIMOTHY 0. HOWE,
Managers on Ike part of the Senate.
W. II. ARMSTRONG.
A. A. SARGENT,
JAMES B. BECK,
Managers on the part of the House
^ Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I will
simplj- state that the first of those amendments
agreed to on the part of the Senate provides
for the place at which the sale is to be made.
The fourth amendment, which the House agreed
to recede from, was the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,]
respecting Indian agencies. That, by consent
of the House, was subsequently attached to the
appropriation bill, where it more appropriately
belonged. This embraces all there is of the
report.
The report was adopted.
Mr. ARMS FRONG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIVII. SERVICE.
Mr. ARMSTRONG, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a resolution (H. R. No. 481)
respecting the manner of making appoint-
ments to office; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the select Committee
on the Reorganization of the Civil Service,
and ordered to be printed.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. CDLLOM. Mr. Speaker, I move that
all the rules and orders of the House be so
suspended that Saturday, February 4, after
halt' past one o'clock, be assigned to the con-
sideration of bills from the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
Mr. RANDALL. I shall object unless the
gentleman will agree not to report any bill
proposing an enabling act to bring in any Ter-
ritory as a State.
Mr. CULLOM. We have passed on no bill
of that sort; but whether the committee, be-
tween this and that time, shall determine to
vote on any enabling aet I do not know, I
do not desire to make any agreement, because
it is barely possible that we may report such
a bill.
Mr. RANDALL. That is an admission that
such is their purpose.
M/. DEGENER, I object to debate.
Mr. CULLOM. We have fifteen bills of
importance to the Territories.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not object to any of
them.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
96, noes 46.
Mr. RANDALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 128, nays 69, not voting
42 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Beaman.
Beatty. Benton, Betl.une, Bingham. Blair, Boles,
George M. Brooks, Back, Buckley, BaSinton. Bur-
chard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler. Cessna, Courebill. William T. Clark. Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb.Coburu,Conger. Cowles. Cul-
lom, Darrall, Dawes, Degener, Joseph Dixon. Dock-
ery. Donley, Duval,Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth. Ferriss,
Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher. Fitch, Garfield, tiilfil-
lan, Hale. Hawley, Hay, Hays. Heflin, Hoar, Hoge,
Holmes, Hooper, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander H.
Jones. Judd. Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketchatn.
Luflin. La h, Logan, Loughridge, Maynard. Mc-
Crary, McGrew, McKee,McKeime, Mercur, Eltnkim
H. Moore. Jesse H.Moore. Morey. Daniel J. Mor-
reli, Samuel P. Morrill, Negley.Orth, Palmer, Peck,
Perce, Phelps, Piatt. Poland. Pomeroy, Porter.
Prosser, Rainey, Roots. Sargent. Sawyer. Shanks.
Lionel A. Sheldon. Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith,
Starkweather. Stevenson, Stokes, Stongbton. Strick-
land, Strong, Tatfe, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman. Town-
send, Iw.chell, Tyner. U|>«,n, Van Wyck, Wallace.
Ward. Cadwalader C. Washburn. William B. Wash-
burn. Welker, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard, Wil-
liams. Winans, Witcher. and Wolf—128.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell. Bamum,
Beck, Biggs, Bird. Booker, Boyd, Calkin, Conner,
Dox, Duke, Lldridge. Fox. Geiz, Gibson, Haight,
llaldeman. HamiM. Hawkins, Ilolman. Hotchkiss,
ThoioasL. Jones, Kelley, Kerr, Knapp, Knott. Law-
rence, Lewis. Manning, Marshall, Mayham, 51c-
Cormick, McNeely.Milnes, William Moore. Morgan,
Morphis, Mungen. Myers, Niblaek, O'Neill, Potter,
Randall, Reeves, Rice, Rogers,Sanford,Scbumaker,
fecofield, bherrod, Shober, Slocum. Joseph S, Smith,
btiles, Stone, Strader. Swann, Sweeney, Trimble,
v an Auken, Van Tramp, Voorhees. Wells, Eugene
M. Wilson, Wood, Woodward, and Young—69.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Asper? Benjamin.
Bennett, Bowen, James Brooks. Burr, Cake, Sidney
Clarke, Cleveland, Co k. Corker, Cox, Crebs. Dickey,
Dickinson, Nathan F. Dixon, Griswold, Hamble-
ton, Hamilton, Harris, Hill. Johnson, Long, Lynch,
McCarthy, Morrissey. Newsham, Packard. Pucker,
llalbert Paine, William W. Paine, Peters, Price,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith. Stevens,
bypher, Van Horn, Whitmore. John T. Wilson,
and Winchester—42.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. CULLOM. i will now ask that Satur-
day be set i.side for reports from the Commit-
tee on the Territories, leaving out the class of
bills which have been objected to.
