-14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
to us those articles which we consume so
largely and do not. produce, thus equalizing
our exports and imports. In case of foreign
war it will give us command of all the islands
referred to, and thus prevent an enemy from
ever again possessing himself of rendezvous
upon our very coast,. At present our coast
trade between the States bordering on the
Atlantic and those bordering on the Gulf of
Mexico is cut in two by the Bahamas and the
Antilles. Twice we must, as it were, pass
through foreign countries to get by sea from
Georgia to the west coast of Florida.
San Domingo, with a stable government,
under which her immense resources can be
developed, will give remunerative wages to
tens ot thousands of laborers not now upon
the island. This labor will take advantage of
every available means of transportation to
abandon the adjacent islands and seek the
blessings of freedom and its sequence—each
inhabitant receiving the reward of his own
labor. Porto Rico and Cuba will have to
abolish slavery, as a measure of self-preserva-
tion, to retain their laborers.
San Domingo will become a large consumer
of the products of northern farms and manu-
factories. The cheap rate at which her citizens
can befurni:-bed with food, tools,and machinery
will make it, necessary that contiguous islands
should have the same advantages, in order to
compete in the production of" sugar, coffee,
tobacco, tropical fruits. &c. This will open to
us a still wider market for our products.
The production of our own supply of these
articles will cut off more than one hundred
millions of our annual imports, besides largely
increasing our exports. With such a picture
it is easy to see how onr large debt abroad is
ultimately to be extinguished. With a balance
of trade against us (including interest on bonds
held by foreigners, and money spent by our
citizens traveling m foreign lands) equal to
the entire yield of the precious metals in this
country, it is not so easy to see how this result
is to be otherwise accomplished. The acqui-
sition of San Domingo is an adherence to the
" Monroe doctrine it is ameasureof national
protection : it is asserting our just claim to a
controlling influence over the great commercial
traffic soon to flow from west to east by way of
the Isthmus of Darien ; it is to build up our
merchant marine; it is to furnish new markets
for the products of our farms, shops, and
manufactories: it is to make slavery insup-
portable in Cuba and Porto Rico at once, and
ultimately so in Brazil; it is to settle the un-
happy condition of-Cuba, and end an exterm-
inating conflict; it is to provide honest means
of paying our honest debts without overtax-
ing the people; it, is to furnish our citizens
with the necessaries of every-day life at cheaper
rates than ever before: and it is, in fine, a
rapid stride toward that greatness which the
intelligence, industry, and enterprise of the
citizens of the United States entitle this coun-
try to assume among nations.
In view of the importance of this question
I earnestly urge upon Congress early action,
expressive of us views as to the best means of
acquiiing Sau Domingo. My suggestion is,
that, by joint resolution of the two Houses of
Congress, the Executive be authorized to ap-
point a commission to negotiate a treaty with
the authorities of San Domingo for the acqui-
sition of that island, and that an appropriation
be made to defray the expenses of such com-
mission. The question may then be determined,
either by the action of the Senate upon the
treaty, or the joint action of the two Houses of
Congress upon a resolution of annexation, as
in th« ease of ihe acquisition of Texas. So con-
vinced am I of the advantages to flow from the
acquisition of San Domingo, and of the great
disadvantages, I might almost say calamities,
to iiow from i.on -acquisition, that I believe
the subject, has only to be investigated to be
approved.
It is to be regretted that our representations
in regard to the injurious effects, especially
upon the revenue of the United States, of the
policy of the Mexican Government, in exempt-
ing from impost duties a large tract of its terri-
tory on our borders, have not only been fruit-
less, but that it is even proposed 111 that coun-
try to extend the limits within which the
privilege ad verted to has hitherto been enjoyed.
The expediency of taking into your serious
consideration proper measures for countervail-
ing the policy referred to will, it is presumed,
engage your earnest attention.
It is the obvious interest, especially ot
neighboring nations, to provide against impun-
ity to those who may have committed high
crimes within their borders, and who may have
sought refuge abroad. For this purpose ex-
tradition treaties have been concluded with
several of the Central American republics,
and others are in progress.
The sense of Congress is desired, as early as
may be convenient, upon the proceedings of
the commission on claims against Venezuela,
as communicated in my messages of March
16, 1869, March 1, 1870. and March 31, 1870.
It has not been deemed advisable to distribute
any of the money which has been received
from that Government until Congress shall
have acted upon the subject.
The massacres of French and Russian resi-
dents at Tien-Tsin, under circumstances of
great barbarity, were supposed by some to have-
been premeditated, and to indicate a purpose
among the populace to exterminate foreigners
in the Chinese empire. The evidence fails to
establish such a supposition, but shows a com-
plicity between the local authorities and the
mob. The Government at Pekin, however,
seems to have been disposed to fulfill its
treat}' obligations, so far as it wns able to do
so. Unfortunately, the news of the war be-
tween the German States and Frasce reached
China soon after the massacre. It would
appear thatthe popularmind became possessed
with the idea that this contest, extending to
Chinese waters, would neutralize the Christian
influence and power, and that the time was
coming when the superstitions masses might
expel all foreigners and restore mandarin influ-
ence. Anticipating trouble from this cause. I
invited France and North Germany to make
an authorized suspension of hostilities in the
East, (where they were temporarily suspended
by act of the commanders,) and to act together
for the future protection in China of the lives
and properties of Americans and Europeans.
Since the adjournment of Congress the rati-
fications of the treaty with Great Britain for
abolishing the mixed courts for the suppres-
sion of the slave trade have been exchanged.
It is believed that the slave trade is now con-
fined to the eastern coast of Africa, whence the
slaves are taken to Arabian markets.
The ratifications of the naturalization con-
vention between Great Britain and the United
States have also been exchanged during the
recess; and thus a long-standing dispute be-
tween the two Governments has been settled
in accordance with the principles always con-
tended for by the United States.
In April last, while engaged in locating a
military reservation near Pembina, a corps of
engineers discovered that the commonly re-
ceived boundary line between the United States
and the British possessions at that place is
about forty-seven hundred feet south of the true
position of the forty-ninth parallel, and that
the line, when run on what, is now supposed to
be the true position of that parallel, would
leave the fort of the Hudson Bay Company
at Pembina within the territory of the United
States. This information being communicated
to the British Government, I was requested to
consent, and did consent that the British occu-
pation of the fort of the Hudsort Bay Com-
pany should continue for the present. 1 deem
it important, however, that this part of the
boundary line should be definitely fixed by a
joint commission of the two Governments, and
I submit herewith estimates of the expense of
such a commission on the part of the United
States, and recommend that an appropriation
be made for that purpose. The laud boundary
has already been fixed and marked from the
summit of the Rocky mountains to the Geor-
gian bay. It should now be, in like manner,
marked from the Lake of the Woods to the sum-
mit of the Rocky mountains.
I regret to say that no conclusion has been
reached fortheadjustmentofthe claims against,
GreatBritain growingout oft he course adopted
by that Government din ing the rebellion, I'm*
Cabinet of London, so far as its views have be>*li
expressed, does not appear to be willing to
concede that her Majesty's Government was
guilt}' of any negligence, or did or permitted
any act during the war, by which the United
States has just cat'^e of complaint. Our Sinn
and unalterable convictions are directly the
reverse. I therefore recommend to Congress
to authorize the appointment of a commission
to take proof of the amounts and the owner-
ship of these several claims, 011 notice to the
representative of her Majesty at Washington,
and that authority be givfn tor the «et'leiii"iit
of these claims by the United States, so that
the Government shall have the ownership of
the private claims, as well as the respons-
ible control of all the demands against Gieat
Britain.
It cannot be necessary to add, that when-
ever her Majesty's Government shall enter-
tain a desire for a full and fiieudly adjustment
of these claims the United Sutes will enter
upon their consideration with an earnest de-
sire for aconelusion consistent with ihe honor
and dignity of both nations.
The course pursued by the Canadian author-
ities toward the fishermen of the United States
during the past season ha3 not been marked
by a friendly feeling. By the tits' article of the
convention of 181$, between Great Britain
and the United States, it was agreed thai ihe
inhabitants of the United States should hn\e
forever, in common with British subjects, the
right of taking fish in certain waters ttieroi'i
defined. In the waters not inciodeu in t't.e,
limits named in the convention («iih;n H'r-e
miles of parts of the British co-ist) it h:-s
been the custom for many years 'o g'v<; to
intruding fishermen of the United Slates a
reasonable warning of their violation of the
technical rights of Great Britain.
The imperial Government is iridf-r ;too i to
have delegated the whole or a shaie of i's
jurisdiction or control of these in-shore fiJ.i-
ing-grounds to the colonial authority known
as the Dominion of Canada, and mis semi-
independent but irresponsible hgent has exer-
cised its delegated powers in an unfriendly
way. Vessels have been seized witiiout notice
or warning, in violation of the custom pre-
viously prevailing, and L&ve been taken into
the colonial ports, their voyages broken up,
and the vessels condemned. There is reason to
believe that, tiiisunfriendly and vex-itioustreat-
ment was designed to bear harshly upon the
hardy fishermen of the United States, with a
view to political effect upon this Government.
The statutes of the Dominion of Canada as-
sume a still broader and more untenant juris-
diction over the vessels of the United Stmes.
They authorize officers or persons to bring
vessels hovering within three marine miles of
any of the coasts, bays, creeks, or harbors of
Canada, into port, to search the cargo, to exam-
ine the master on oath touching the cargo and
voyage, and to inflict upon him a heavy pecun-
iary penalty if true answers are not given;
and if such a vessel is found '• preparing to
fish" within three marine miles of any of such
coa«ts, bays, creeks, or harbors, without a
license, or after the expiration of the period
named in the last license granted to it, tliey
provide that the vessel, with her tackle. &c.,
shall bo forfeited. It is not known that any
condemnations have been made under this
statute. Should the authorities of Canada
