840
Kffi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
make an argument 111 its favor myself, bat I
must keep mv word and allow these gentlemen
who desire to oppose the bill to be heard. Of
course if nobody opposes the bill we can pass
it at once. The last section of the bill will
have to be stricken out.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is an unusual bill, and
we cannot on a Monday give it the considera-
tion it demands.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know anythingabout
this bill, and I do not know that there is any
objection to it; but I want to know what com-
mittee it comes from. It seems to be a bill to
raise armies.
^Ir. DEGENER. It comes from the Com-
mitiee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will have a day fixed for the considera-
tion of his bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill purports, by the
indorsement upon if, to come from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
.Mr. BENJAMIN. What is the question?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
whether the gentleman from Texas moves to
suspend the rules and put the bill on its pas-
sage or to suspend the rules and assign a day
for its consideration.
Mr. DEGENER. I move to suspend the
rules so that the bill maybe before the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the motion is to con-
sider the bill I shall raise the point of order
that it must go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The suspension of the
rules would take away that point of order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand that the
suspension of the rules proposed is merely that
the bill may be considered in the House.
The SPEAKER. Then that, ofeourse, would
deprive the gentleman of the power to raise
that point of order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is a bill appropriating
a good deal of money and raising an army in
a very unusual way, and certainly it deserves a
good deal of consideration, either in the House
or in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DEGENER. I do not know whether
the time for discussion has come, or whether
we have to suspend the rules first.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to debate.
Mr. DEGENER. When the rules are sus-
pended I shall be perfectly ready to meet the
gentleman.
The question was taken upon Mr. Degener's
motion, to suspend the rules; and it was dis-
agreed to, two thirds not voting in favor
thereof.
Mr. DEGENER. I now ask that a day cer-
tain be fixed for the consideration of the bill.
The SPEAKER. What day ?
Mr. DEGENER. I will leave it to the Chair
to assign a day.
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot do that.
The Chair cannot make motions; he can only
submit them to the House.
Mr. DEGENER. I move, then, that the
rules be so suspended that the bill be consid-
ered on W ednesday, February 8, to the exclu-
sion of other orders, at the hour of half past
one o'clock.
The question was put on Mr. Degexeb's
motion ; and there were—ayes 101, noes 34.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the motion agreed to.
Mr. DEGENER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid oil the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is unneces-
sary. That which is done under a suspension
of the rules can never be reconsidered.
steamship jieteoe.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent that
the joint resolution (S. K. No. 242) relative
to the steamship Meteor be taken from the
Speaker's table, and referred to the Committee
eti Foreign Affairs.
The joint resolution was read for informa-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think that resolution
appropriately belongs to the Committee of
Claims; ana I object unless it be referred to
that committee.
Mr. BANKS. I move to suspend the rules.
The joint resolution appropriately belongs to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The question was put on Mr. Banks's motion;
and there were—ayes 98, noes 28.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended; and the joint resolution
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
destruction of a british ship.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a letter from the Secretary of State,
inclosing correspondence upon the subject of
the elaim of a British citizen for the destruc-
tion of the British ship Duke, of Edinburg, by
the steamer General McPherson, belongiug to,
and in the service of, the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
regent of smithsonian institution.
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table, and
considered at this time, Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 302, for the appointment of General
William T. Sherman a Regent of the Smith-
sonian Institution.
The joint resolution which was read, pro-
vides that General William T. Sherman be
appointed a member of the Board of Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution in place of
'Richard Delafield, resigned.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first, second, and third time, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
relief for contractors of war vessels.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table, and passed
at this time, Senate joint resolution No. 92,
for the relief of certain contractors for the
construction of vessels of war and steam
machinery.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask that the joint resolu-
tion be read, and then I will make a brief
statement in regard to it.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the claims for building vessels of war and
steam machinery referred to in the act for
the relief of certain contractors for the con-
struction of vessels of war and steam ma-
chinery, approved March 2, 1867, be referred
to the Court of Claims, which is hereby vested
with jurisdiction under said act, and whose
duty it shall be to investigate and determine
the claims of the several parties upon the
principles and rules laid down in said act, ex-
cept as hereinafter provided ; and the finding
of said court in the premises shall have the
same force and effect as any other judgment of
said court. And no claim shall bg considered
by said court unless the same shall be pre-
sented within one year after the passage of
this resolution. And so much of said act as
provides against considering any allowance in
favor of any such parties for the advance in
the price of labor and material, unless such
advance eould not have been avoided by the
exercise of ordinary prudence and diligence on
the part of the contractor, is hereby repealed.
Mr. LOGAN. This is similar to a resolu-
tion which was before the House at the last
session, and lacked but one vote of passing.
It has passed the Senate twiee and the House
once, it only allows a few persons who have
not already been relieved by Congress—one in
Illinois, two in St. Louis, one in New York,
| one in Cincinnati, arid pprhaps some others—
! to go before the Court of Claims and have their
; claims examined according to a statute now
■ on the statute-book, uuder which other persons
have obtained relief.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does this joint reso-
lution include those parties who have been
decided against iu the Supreme Court?
Mr. LOGAN. No, it does not; these par-
ties have never been before any court. One
of them is a constituent of mine, who has been
here for three years, and has spent everything
he has in the world trying to get his claim
examined. The Naval Committee of this
House once reported in favor of these men.
Mr. RANDALL. Let this joint resolution
go to the Committee of Claims and be exam-
ined. I want it examined by some committee
of this House.
Mr. LOGAN. The Committee of Claims
have examined the claim, and they would so
state now to the House if they had a chance.
Mr. WARD. I object to further debate.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 move that the rules be
suspended, and the resolution lakeu from the
Speaker's table, and passed.
The question was taken on suspending the
rules; and upon adivisioti there were—ayes80,
noes 41 ; not two thirds in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. INGERSOLL called for the yeas and
nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeasand nays; and there were twenty nine in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 140, nays 52, not voting 47 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer. Axtellt
Ayer, Banks, Barnuia, Barry,Beatty, ikvk, Bcikune,
Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Booker, Boyd, Buck, Bueklty,
Burehard.Burdett, Henjamiu F. Butler. Koderiek H.
Butler, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, Clinton L. Cobb,
Conger, Conner, Cullorn, Degener, Dickey, Dickin-
son, Joseph Dixon, Doekery, Donley, Dox, Duke,
i Dyer, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Finkelnburg,
Fiteh. Ixarfield.Geu, Uriswold. llaight, Jlaiubletun,
Hatnill, Harris, Hawkins, llawiey. Hay. lieflm. Hill,
Hoge, Hooper, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Johnson, Tbouias
L. Jones, Judd.Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr, Knott, Lash,
Lawrence, Logan. Lonjj, Luugliridge, -Marsliall,
Mayham, McKee. MeKenzie, .McNeely, Milnes,
Eiiakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, ilorey, M organ.
Morphia, Daniel J. Siorrell. Samuel P. Morrill,
Mungen, Myers, Negley, Niblick, O'Neill, Orth,
William W. Paine, Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps,
Piatt, Poland. Porter, Price. Rainey. Beeves, Ko 
gers, Roots. Sanford, Sargent, thanks, Lionel A,
Sheldon, Sherrod, Shober, John A. Smith, Joseph
S. Smith, William J. Smith, Starkweather. Stevens.
Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes, Stoughton, Strader,
Strickland, Swana, Sweeney, Sypher, Tafl'e. Till-
man, Trimble, Twichell. Upson, Van Horn. Voor-
hees, Wallace, Wells, Wheeler, Williams, Eugene
M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winaus, Witcher,
Woodward, and Young—140.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler. Asper, Bailey, Beamaa,
Benjamin, Benton, Blair, George 41. Brooks, Muffin-
ton, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cowles, Dawes, Duval,
Fisher, Fox, tiibson, (iilflllan, Haldeman. Holuian,
Hotchkiss, Julian. Kelley, Knapp, Latiin, Lewi*;,
Manning. Maynard, MeCrary, MeGrew, Mercur,
William Moore, Halbert E. Paine, Pomeroy, ltan-
dall. Sawyer, Seotield. Siocum, Wouhington C.
Smith, Strong, Tanner, Taylor, Toivnsend, 'l'yner.
Van 1 rump. Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn. William B. Washburn. Wilkinson, \Vii-
lard. and Wood—52.
NOT V0T1NG—Messrs. A mes, Armstrong, Arneil,
Atwood, Bennett, Boles, Bowen. James Brook?, Burr,
Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland,
Cook, Corker, Cox, Creba, Darrail, Nathan P. lJixon,
Jbia, Ferry, Hale, Hamilton, Hays, Xloar, Holmes,
Alexander II. Jones, Ketcham, Lynch, McCarthy,
McGormick, Morrissey, Newsham, Packard, Pucker,
Palmer, Potter, Prosser, Rice, Schumakor, Porter
bheldon. btone, Van Auken, Welker. Whitmore,
Winchester, and Wolf—-47.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
joint resolution was taken from the Speaker^
table, and passed.
pay of census takur3.
^ Mr. LAFLIN. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for action at the present time a joint
resolution relative to an increase of compensa-
tion to assistant marshals at the last eeaaus.
The joint resolution, whicb was read, pro-
vides that in all cases where arvesage per
