1870.
THE dOKGKESSIOtfAL GLOBE.
15
attempt to enforce it, it will become my duty
to take such steps as may be necessary to pro-
tect the rights of the citizens of the United
States.
It has been claimed by her Majesty's officers
that the fishing vessels of the United States have
no right to enter the open ports of the British
possessions in North America, except for the
purposes of shelter and repairing damages, of
purchasing wood and obtaining water; that
they have no right to enter at the British cus-
tom-houses, or to trade there except in the
purchase of wood and water; and that they must
depart within twenty-four hours after notice to
leave.
It is not ltnown that any seizure of a fishing
vessel carrying the flag of the United States
has been made under this claim. So far as the
ciaim is founded on an alleged construction of
the convention of 1818, it cannot be acquiesced
in by the United States, ltis hoped that it will
not be insisted on by her Majesty's Govef-nment.
During the conferences which preceded the
negotiation of the convention of 1818, the Brit-
ish commissioners proposed to expressly ex-
clude the fishermen of the United States from
"the privilege of carrying on trade with any of
his Britannic Majesty's subjects residing within
the limits assigned for their use and also that
it should not be "lawful for the vessels of the
United States, engaged in said fishery, to have
on board any goods, wares, or merchandise
whatever, except such as may be necessary for
the prosecution of their voyages to and from
said fishing grounds. And any vessel of the
United States which shall conttavene this reg-
ulation may be seized, condemned, and confis-
cated, with her cargo."
This proposition, which is identical with the
construction now put upon the language of the
convention, was emphatically rejected by the
American commissioners, and thereupon was
abandoned by the British plenipotentiaries,
and article one, as it stands in the convention,
was substituted.
If, however, it be said that this claim is
founded on provincial or colonial statutes, and
not upon the convention, this Government can-
not but rtgard them as unfriendly, and in con-
travention of the spirit, if not of the letter of
the treaty, for the faithful execution of which
the imperial Government is a,lone responsible.
Anticipating that an attempt may possibly
be made by the Canadian authorities in the
coming season to repeat their unneighborly
acts toward our fishermen, I recommend you
to confer upon the Executive the power to sus-
pend by proclamation the operation of the
laws authorizing the transit of goods, wares,
and merchandise in bond across the territory
of the United States to Canada, and further,
should such an extreme measure become neces-
sary, to suspend the operation of any laws
whereby the vessels of the Dominion of Canada
are permitted to enter the waters of the United
States.
Alike unfriendly disposition has been mani-
fested on the paitof Canada in the mainte-
nance of a claim of right to exclude the citizens
of the United States from the navigation of
the St. Lawrence. This river constitute^ a
natural outlet to the ocean for eight States, with
an aggregate population of about 17,000,000
inhabitants, and wnli an aggregate tonnage of
601,307 ions upon the waters which discharge
into it. The foreign commerce of our ports Oil
these waters is open to British competition, aad
the major part of it is done in British bottoms.
If the American seamen be excluded from this
natural avenue to the ocean, the monopoly of
the direct commerce of the lake ports with the
Atlantic would be in foreign hands, their ves-
sels on transatlantic voyages having an access
ti> our lake ports which would be denied to
American vessels on similar voyages, 'iostate
such a proposition is to refute its justice.
During the administration of Mr. John
Quincy Adams, Mr. Clay unanswerably demon-
strated the natural right of the citizens of the
United States to the navigation of this river,
claiming that the act of the congress of Vienna,
in opening the Rhine and other rivers to all
nations, showed the judgment of European
jurists and statesmen that the inhabitants of
a country through which a navigable river
passes have a natural right to enjoy the navi-
gation of that river to and into the sea, even
though passing through the territories of
another Power. This right does not exclude
the coequal right of the sovereign possessing
the territory through which the river debouches
into the sea to make such regulations relative
to the police of the navigation as may be rea-
sonably necessary; butthose regulations should
be framed in a liberal spirit of comity, and
should not impose needless burdens upon the
commerce which has the right of transit. It
has been found in practice more advantageous
to arrange these regulations by mutual agree-
ment. The United States are ready to make
any reasonable arrangement as to the police of
the St. Lawrence which may be suggested by
Great Britain.
If the claim made by Mr. Clay was just,
when the population of States bordering on
the shores of the lakes was only 3,400,000, it
now derives greater force and equity from the
increased population, wealth, production, and
tonnage of the States on the Canadian frontier.
Since Mr. Clay advanced his argument in be-
half of our right, the principle for which he
contended has been frequently and by various
nationsrecognized by law or by treaty, and has
been extended to several other great rivers.
By the treaty concluded at Mayence in 1831 the
Rhine was declared free from the point where
it is first navigable into the sea. By the con-
vention between Spain and Portugal, con-
cluded in 1835, the navigation of the Douro
throughout its whole extent was made free for
the subjects of both Crowns. In 1853 the
Argentine Confederation, by treaty, threw open
the free navigation of the Parana and Uruguay
to the merchant vessels of all nations. In
1856 the Crimean war was closed by a treaty
which provided for the free navigation of the
Danube. In 1858 Bolivia, by treaty, declared
that it regarded the rivers Amazon and La
Plata, in accordance with fixed principles of
national law, as highways or channels opened
by nature for the commerce of all nations.
In 185'J the Paraguay was made free by treaty,
and in December, 186(5, the emperor of Brazil,
by imperial decree, declared the Amazon to be
open to the frontier of Brazil to the merchant
ships of all nations. The greatest living Brit-
ish authority on this subject, while asserting
the abstract right of the British claim, says:
" It seems difficult to deny that Great Britain may
ground her refusal upon strict law, but it is equally
difficult to deny, first, tbat m so doing she exercises
harshly an extreme and hard law; secondly, that
her conduct with respect to the navigation of the St.
Lawrence is in glaring: and discreditable inconsist-
ency with her conduct with respect to the naviga-
tion ot the Mississippi. On theground thatshe pos-
sessed a small domain, in which the Misstssippitook
its rise, she insisted on the right to navigate the
entire volume ot its waters. On the ground thatshe
possesses both banks of the St. Lawrence, where it
disembogues itself into the sea, she denies to the
United States the right of navigation, though about
one half ot the waters ot Lakes Ontario, Erie. Huron,
and Superior, and the whole of Lake Michigan,
through which the river flows, are the property of
the United States."
The whole nation is interested in securing
cheap transportation from the agricultural
States of the West to the Atlantic sea board.
To the citizens of those States it secures a
greater return for their labor ; to the inhabit-
ants of the sea-board it affords cheaper food ;
to the nation, an increase in the annual sur-
plus of wealth.
It is hoped that the Government of Great
Britain will see the justice of abandoning the
narrow and inconsistent claim to which ber
Canadian provinces have urged her adherence.
Our depressed commerce is a subject to
which I called your special attention at the
last session, and suggested that we will in the
future have to look more to the countries south
of us, and to China and Japan, for its revival.
Our representatives to all these Governments
have exerted theirinfluence to encourage trade
between the United States and the countries
to which they are accredited. But the fact
exists that the carrying is done almost entirely
in foreign bottoms, and while this state of
affairs exists we cannot control our due share
of the commerce of the world. That between
the Pacific States and China and Japan is
about all the carrying trade now conducted in
American vessels. I would recommend a
liberal policy toward that line of American
steamers; one that will insure its success, and
even increased usefulness.
The cost of building iron vessels, the only
ones that can compete with foreign ships in
the carrying trade, is so much greater in tho
United States than in foreign countries that
without some assistance from the Government
they cannot be successfully built here. There
will be several propositions laid before Con-
gress in the course of the present session look-
ing to a remedy for this evil. Even if it should
be at some cost to the national Treasury, I
hope such encouragement will be given as will
secure American shipping on the high seas
and American ship-building at home.
The condition of the archives at the De-
partment of State calls for the early action of
Congress. The building now rented by that
Department is a frail structure, at an incon-
venient distance from the Executive Mansion
and from the other Departments; is ill adapt-
ed to the purpose for which it is used; has
not capacity to accommodate thearchives, and
is not fire-proof. Its remote situation, its
slender construction, and the absence of a
supply of water in the neighborhood, leave
hut little hope of safety for either the building
or its contents in case of the accident of a lire.
Its destruction would involve the loss of the
rolls containing the original acts and resolu-
tions of Congress, of the historic records of
the Revolution and of the Confederation ; of
the whole series of diplomatic and consular
archives since the adoption of the constitution,
and of the many other valuable records and
papers left with that Department when it was
the principal depository of the Government
archives. I recommend an appropriation for
the construction of a building tor the Depart-
ment of State.
I recommend to your consideration the pro-
priety of transferring to the Department of the
Interior, to which they seem more appropri-
ately to belong, all powers and duties in rela-
tion to the Territories wiih.which the Depart-
ment of State is now charged by law or usage;
and from the Interior Department to the War
Department, the Pension Bureau, so far as it
regulates the xiayment of soldiers' pensions.
I would further recommend that the payment
of naval pensions be transferred to one of the
bureaus of the Navy Department.
The estimates for the expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the next fiscal year are $18,244,-
346 01 less than for the current one, but
exceed the appropriations for the present year,
for the same items, ยง8,972,127 SO. In this
estimate, however, is included 322,338,278 37
for public works heretofore begun under con-
gressional provision, and of which only so
much is asked as Congi ess may choose to give.
The appropriation for the samn works for the
present fiscal year was $11,984,518 08.
The average value of gold, as compared
with national currency, for the whole of the
year 1SG9 was about 134, and for eleven
months of 1870 the same relative value has
been about 115.
The approach to a specie basis is very grati-
fying ; but the fact ca.nnot be denied that the
instability of the value of our currency is pre-
judicial to our prosperity, and tends to keep
up prices to the detriment of trade. Ihe evils
of a depreciated and fluctuating currency are
so great that now, when the premium on gold
has fallen so much, it would seem that the
