1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
A plain provision denying to the House the
sole power of originating appropriation bills,
and confining the power 111 the House of Rep-
resentatives to that of originating bills ior
raising revenue.
I do not wish this morning, and at this
period of the session, to take up the time of
t lie Senate in quoting largely from the debates;
but if we go back to the debates in the Conven-
tion which formed the Constitution^we shall
find that the old article which was in use in
the Articles of Confederation was so amended
in the Contention of 1787 as to confine the
sole power of the House to bills for raising
revenue, and that when the question was
under discussion it was stated by those who
proposed that amendment that the object of it
was to confine the power to bills which were
introduced for the purpose of raising revenue;
not that it should apply to bills which might
incidentally affect the revenue. If that were
the rule it would exclude a large number
of bills which are daily introduced and con-
sidered in the Senate. For instance, the bill
which we have now before ns, introduced by
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]
its regard to importunity for office, may jnei-
dentally affect the revenue; because if it be
successful, and the Senator can succeed in
having us arrested here or following us to our
homes after we have violated it, he will put
large amounts of money into the Treasury of
the United States. Therefore, the rule would
not apply to a bill of that kind.
If the bill which my friend from Minnesota
[Mr. Ramsey] has introduced to subsidize
steamship linesbe carried, that will take money
out of the Treasury of the United States, and
therefore it will incidentally affect the reve-
nue. And if all measures which might inci-
dentally affect the reveuue were to be excluded
from being originated in the Senate then, in-
deed, our functions wouldbe very limited ; but
that was not the meaning. The meaning of
the constitutional provision was that all bills
should be originated by the House of Repre-
sentatives, the direct purpose of_which was
to charge the people ; and it had its origin in
the reason which I have already given as in-
fluencing the House of Commons. 1 he House
of Representatives represents directly the
people, the Senate represents the States; and
therefore the rule is that when the people are
to be charged by the imposition of tax upon
them a measure for that purpose must ori-
ginate in that House which represents them—
the people—not in that branch of the Legisla-
ture which represents the States. This is the
view that is taken of this question ; and it is
so plain upon its face that 1 must confess I am
somewhat surprised at the hasty action of the
House of Representatives in the conclusion at
which they have arrived.
1 do not wi^'h to take up time in referring to
many precedents 011 this question to show that
what is the plain, palpable reading of the Con-
stitution has also been the practice under it.
But before I cite any precedents let me cite
what would seem to be conclusive upon this
question of constitutional law. _ 1 read from
Story 011 the Constitution, section eight hun-
dred and seventy-seven:
" What bills are properly 'bills for raising reve-
yiue,' in the sense of the Constitution has been mat-
ter of some discussion. a learned commentator sup-
poses thatevery bill -winch indirectly or consequen-
tially may raise revenue is, within the sense ot tne
Constitution, a revenue hill. Me therelore !h<"ks
that the bills for e.-tablishing the Post Office and the
Mint, and regulating the value of foreign 00111, belong
to this class, and ought not to have originated, (is in
fact they did, 111 the Senate. <1 Tucker's Black Com.,
App., 261 and note.) But the practioal construction
ot the Constitution has been against his opinion.
And indeed the history of the origin of the power,
already .-.ustgejted, abundantly proves that it has
been confined to bills to levy taxes in the strict sofcse
of the words, and has not been understood to extend
to bills lor other purposes which may incidentally
create revenue. Jso one supposes that a bill to sell
any of the public lands, or 10 sell public stock,is a
biff to raise revenue, in thesen«eot the Constitution.
Much less would a bill bo so deemed which merely
regulated the value ot'foreign or domestic coins, or
authorized a discharge of insolvent debtors upon
assignments of their estates to the United States,
giving a priority of payment to the United States in
eases of insolvency, although all of them might inci-
dentally bring revenue into the Treasury."
This is the view which is taken of the con-
stitutional law itself. Now, sir, beginning with
our own practice, at the last session the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, introduced into this
body a bill to raise $500,000,000, if I recollect
rightly—at all events an amount sufficient to
fund a large portion of our national debt.
That was a bill to borrow money; we were to
borrow money upon the new securities pro-
vided for in that bill. Really, if there ever
was a case in which the House of Represent-
atives might have stood upon -its dignity and
raised this question, it would seem to have been
in that case, because there the $500,000,000, or
whatever else it might be that would be raised,
would actually go into the Treasury for the pur-
pose of extinguishing the outstanding bonds
of the Government. But did anybody raise
the question ; did anybody think of raising the
question, that that was a bill to raise revenue?
So much for our own practice.
Having introduced this bill, and with my
limited parliamentary experience feeling some-
what solicitous about this question, I have felt
anxious to be fortified even by the weight of
great men; and remembering the history of
the compromise bill of 1833, I have looked at
it. What was it? I read from the Congres-
sional Debates, volume nine, page 462:
"Air. Clay rose and addressed the Senate to the
following effect: , -r . ,. ,
" I yesterday, sir, gave notice that I should a i£
leave to introduce a bili to'modify the various acts
imposing duties on imports."
I simply read that for the purpose of show-
ing the nature of the bill which he introduced.
Upon looking at the bill we find that in addi-
tion to its being a modification of the whole
system of duties upon imports the second sec-
tion repealed a previously existing law impos-
ing duties upon woolen goods and imposed a
higher duty upon them. Upon that section Mr.
Forsyth raised the very question which is now
pending before the Senate. Heraised theques-
tion, that as the second section of the bill not
only repealed an existing law imposing duties
upon imports, but also imposed a higher duty
upon woolens, that was an infringement of this
constitutional provision, and that it was a bill
to raise revenue. In speaking upon that ques-
tion Mr. Clay took ground winch, perhaps,
with all the deference due to his great name, is
not strictly tenable. He took the ground that
although one section of the bill did raise the
duties upon a particular article, the effect of
the whole bill was to reduce the revenue, and
that therefore it was not a violation of this
constitutional provision. Whether they be so
or not, I will cite what he says:
"This was a bill to redu.ee the duties, except in a
single clause; and that clause relates to theact which
hadnotyetgoneinto operation. It repeals t he clause
in that actwhiek relates to the duty on woolens, and
then reinserts a scale of duty m its room. He did
not believe that it was the intention ot the Consti-
tution so far to restrict the right ol the senate as to
preclude the origination of a hill to repeat any exist-
ing law."
What does Mr. Webster say on the same
question? .
"Air Webster said that as. liy its title, the but
appeared to be merely a bill to modify the existing
revenue laws.it could hardly, be rejected « a bill
for raising revenue, which ought to originate in the
other House, since there are many particulars in
which all the existing revenue laws might be modi-
fied without raising more or leas revenue. As the
bill has not been read, (said Mr. V,.} we seem to
know 110 more ofit, regularly, than its title purports.
That title describes a bill which may constitution-
ally originate in the Senate. X shall therelore vote
for the leave."
Going further, I find on page <179 the fact that
theSenator who made the objection that this was
a bill raising revenue makes this statement.
"Mr Forsyth." ***-'• "He would
now, with a view to get over the difficult;-, move to
amend the motion for leaveby adding ton theword 
'with the exception of those clauses which rai>e the
duties on the articles named therein.
Even the Senator who made the objection to
this compromise bill of 1833, which modified
the whole existing scale of duties on imports,
agreed that if that clause which raised the duty
upon a single article were excluded from it,
then it would be a bill which might properly
originate in the Senate. The bill itself carries
out the statement which I have made in regard
to its character.
Here, then, we have, according to the well-
established and conceded parliamentary usage
at that time—and that was a time which is wont
to be quoted as the days of the giants in con-
stitutional law—a bill which it is conceded to
be within the power of the Senate to originate,
which actually changed the whole system of
collecting duties upon imports, and it did, inci-
dentally-of course, affect the revenue; but it
did not raise revenue within the meaning of
the Constitution; its purpose was not to levy
a tax. but to modify an" existing law. That
bill, after this discussion, although the clause
to which Senator Forsyth objected was not
stricken out, was admitted to be read in this
body where the objection was made, was con-
sidered, was passed, and became the law of
the land.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator if he is quite certain that that bill passed ?
Mr. SCOTT. That is my recollection of
history. ■ ,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that the
bill was discussed in the Senate and passed
to its third reading, but objection was made
that the Senate had no jurisdiction to origin-
ate such a bill, and a House bill of exactly a
similar import was taken up and passed, and
the Senate bill never was passed.
Mr. SCOTT. Whether so or not, Mr. Pres-
ident, the point which I make is this; that
when this very question was raised in the Sen-
ate on that bill the only objection made to it
by those who did raise the question was that
there was a clause in the bill which did raise
revenue. Now, sir, the bill which we have
before us is not objectionable to any featare
of that kind ; and I was about saying when
interrupted by the Senator from Oregon that
having been somewhat doubtful about the in-
troduction of this bill after the question was
raised in the House of Representatives, I felt
entirely, fortified by the weight of this prece-
dent, if there never had been another upon the
books. But, sir, there are others. I shall not
take up time to read them. I have one here,
in the Twenty-Seventh Congress, in 1842,
which is very brief. It reads in this way:
"Mr. Roosevelt submitted for the decision of tho
Chair, as a question of privilege, the following:
" Whereas the amendment made by thepenate to
the bill for the issue of Treasury notes, rendering the
same aa addition to instead of a pjirtial substitution
for tho twelve million loan heretofore authorized by
la^v converts the said bill into a bill for raisingrev-
enue, which, by the Constitution, can.only originate
in the House of Representatives, and is a bread* ot
the privileges of tins House : Therefore,
"liesohed* That the said amendment cannot be
entertained by this House, and that the bill and
amendments be returned to the Senate with a re-
snectfui communication to that effect. #
-The Speaker decided that the point raised was a.
Question of constitutional power between the two
Mouses of Congress, and was not a question ot priv-
ilege, which, in his opinion, it was his duty to sub-
mit to the llousc.
"From this decision Mr. Roosevelt took an
appeal to the House/'—Journal of the House of Hep-
resentativ<i$* January 29,1842, page 287.
Upon that appeal the Speaker was sustained ;
and then, the previous question being ordered
upon the amendments, they were adopted by
the House.
There are other precedents, as lam informed,
although I have not taken time to look for
many ot' them, they are numerous I believe,
in which the position I take in this case is
established, namely: that nnless the direct
purpose of the bill is to raise revenue it is not
at all within the meaning of this constitutional
provision which clothes the House alone with
the power of originating the biUs; and,^as t
have already said, the whole history of the
clausc, the whole history of parliamentary
