1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
ment purposes, under the act of September,
1841, and the acts supplemental thereto, there
had been conveyed, up to the close of the last
fiscal year, by patent or other equivalent evi-
dence of title, to States and corporations,
27,836,257.08 acres for railways, canals, and
wagon-roads. It is estimated that an additional
quantity of 174,735,523 acres is Still due under
grants for like uses. _ The policy of thus aiding
(he States in building works of internal im-
provement was inaugurated more than forty
years since in the grants to Indiana and Illi-
nois to aid those States in opening canals to
connect the waters of the Wabash with those
of Lake Brie, and the waters of the Illinois
with those ot Lake Michigan. It was followed,
with some modifications, in the grant to Illi-
nois of alternate sections of public land within
certain limits of the Illinois Central railway.
Fourteen States and sundry corporations have
received similar subsidies in connection with
railways completed or in process of construc-
tion. As the reserved sections are rated at
the double minimum, the sale of them at the
enhanced price has thus, iu many instauces,
indemnified the Treasury for the granted lands.
The construction of some of these thorough-
fares has undoubtedly given a vigorous im-
pulse to the development of our resources and
the settlement of the more distant portions of
the country. It may, however, be well insisted
that much of our legislation in this regard has
been characterized by indiscriminate and pro-
fuse liberality. The United States should not
loan their credit in aid of any enterprise under-
taken by States or corporations, nor grant
lands in any instance, unless the projected
work is of acknowledged national importance.
I am strongly inclined to the opinion that it is
inexpedient and unnecessary to bestow sub-
sidies of either description ; but should Con-
gress determine othetwise, I earnestly recom-
mend that the rights of settlers and of the
public be more effectually secured and pro-
tected by appropriate legislation.
During the year ending September 30, 1870,
there were filed in the Patent Office 19,411
applications for patents, 3,374 caveats, and
100 applications for the extension of patents ;
13,022 patents, including reissues and designs,
were issued, 110 extended, and 1,089 allowed,
but not issued by reason of the non-payment,
of the final fees. The receipts of the office
during the fiscal year were $130,304 29 in ex-
cess of its expenditures.
The work of the Census Bureau has been
energetically prosecuted. The preliminary
report, containing much information of special
value and interest, will be ready for delivery
during the present session. The remaining
volumes will be completed with all the dis-
patch consistent with perfect accuracy in arran-
ging and classifying the returns. We shall
thus, at no distant day, be furnished with an
p.uthentic record of our condition and resources.
It will, I doubt not, attest the growing pros-
perity of the country, although, during the
decade which has just closed, it was so severely
tried by the great war waged to maintain its
integrity and to secure and perpetuate our
free institutions.
During the last fiscal year the sum paid to
pensioners, including the cost of disbursement,
was $27,780,811 11, and 1,758 bounty land
warrants were issued. At its close, 198,080
names were on the pension-rolls. The labors
of the Pension Office have been directed to the
severe scrutiny of the evidence submitted in
favor of new claims and to the discovery of
fictitious claims which have been heretofore
allowed. The appropriation for the employ-'
ment of special agents for the investigation of
frauds has been judiciously used, and the
results obtained have been of unquestionable
benefit to the service.
The subjects of education and agriculture
are of great interest to the success of our
republican institutions, happiness, and gran-
deur as a nation. In the interest of one a
41sx Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 2.
| bureau has been established in the Interior
Department, the Bureau of Education, aud in
the interest of the other a separate Depart-
ment, that of Agriculture. I believe great
general good is to flow from the operations of
both these bureaus, if properly fostered. I
cannot commend to your careful consideration
too highly the reports of the Commissioaers
of Education and of Agriculture, nor urge too
strongly such liberal legislation as to secure
their efficiency.
In conclusion, I would sum up the policy of
the Administration to be a thorough enforce-
ment of every law; a faithful collection of every
tax provided for; economy in the disburse-
ment of the same ; a prompt payment of every
debt of the nation ; a reduction of taxes as
rapidly as the requirements of the country will
admit; reductions of taxation and tariff, to be
so arranged as to afford the greatest relief to
the greatest number ; honest and fair dealings
with all other peoples, to the end that war,
with all its blighting consequences, may be
avoided, but without surrendering any right
or obligation due to us ; a reform in the treat-
ment of Indians and in the whole civil service
of the country ; and, finally, in securing a pure,
untrammeled ballot, where every man entitled
to cast a vole may do so just once, at each
election, without fear of molestation or pro-
scription on account of his political faith,
nativity, or color. -jj g GRANT
Mr. SCHBNCIv. I move that the message
and accompanying documents be printed for
the use of members; and I give notice that
to-morrow, or on Wednesday, after they have
been thus printed, I will move to take the
message from the Speaker's table and refer it,
together with resolutions distributing its parts
to the proper committees, to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to. -
MPORT OP SKCItETAUY OF THIS XUEASUKiT.
The SPEAKER- laid before the House the
annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SCHENCK. That report will be in all
the papers to-morrow morning. I move that
it be printed, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
1xihan trkatieh.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce, for action at this time, a joint reso-
lution to supply an omission in the enrollment
of a bill.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read, after which objections, if any, will be ji
in order. ij
The joint resolution was accordingly read. i!
Tt provides that the act approved July 15,1870, l|
"making appropriations for tbe current and l!
i contingent expenses of the Indian department. ji
j and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with vari- j;
| ous Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30,
I 1871, and for other purposes," be amended by
; adding thereto the following section, which
was inadvertently omitted in the enrollment
!'of said act: !
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That nothing i
ii in tiiis act contained, or in any oi tho provisions ;
< thereof, shall be so construed as to hereafter approve ,
i' or disaffirm any treaty made with any tribe, bands, !
ij or parties of Indians, since the 20tli of July, ]i*<37, or i
I: to affirm or disaffirm any of the powers of tho Exec- i
ji utive and Senate over thesubiect. :
|i Mr. DAWES. The section just read was '
i; left out of the bill, after it had passed both i
li Houses, by a mistake of the enrolling clerk. 1
ii Mr. SARGENT. I would like to be heard 1
; for one moment on the subject of this joint i
| resolution. '
■ Mr. DAWES. I have no objection.
! Mr. SARGENT. I believe tire chairman of !
i the Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] j
i is correct in his statement that the section set j
| forth in the joint resolution just read was inad- j
j vertently omitted by the enrolling clerk from j
i the bill which was passed at a late hour of the I
closing night of the last session. But I suggest
whether it would have been of any practical
value had it been inserted in that bill, or if it
is now worth while to make this correction.
In the abstract, so far as the truth of history is
concerned, perhaps it would be well enough to
make the proposed correction, but for any-
practical value I submit that it is perfectly use-
less. It neither binds us nor the Senate, and
at most can only partially conceal a piece of
remarkable legislative weakness.
The Congress, or rather the House of Rep-
resentatives, two or three years ago took its
stand upon this position: that it would make
no appropriation directly or indirectly recog-
nizing the power of the Senate under the treaty-
making power conferred by the Constitution
to make treaties with the roving bands of In-
dians within our jurisdiction, by which large
amounts of money could be drawn from tho
Treasury without the consent of the represent-
atives of the people. We held that position so
strongly that the Indian appropriation bill
utterly failed at the last session of the Fortieth
Congress. At the next session of Congress an
Indian appropriation bill was passed, and a
provision very much stronger than this was
incorporated in that bill as indicative of the
intention of this House and of Congress on the
subject. So far as mere words could go the
matter was settled. And the appropriation
made at that time was in gross, to enable the
President to keep the peace among the various
tribes._ The extravagant treaties of the Indian
commission were utterly discarded, and the
resolution of the House appeared impregnable;
and all this was done under the leadership of
my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
At the last session of Congress the Commit-
tee on Appropriations of this House, two
months before the expiration of the session,
brought forward an Indian appropriation bill,
which passed the House and went to the Sen-
ate. In it we maintained the former attitude
of the House, and refused to recognize those
treaties, or the doctrine that the Senate could
take money from the Treasury by millions with- .
out the consent of Congress. By accident or
by design its consideration was so delayed in
tho Senate that it was not returned to this
House until a few days before the close of the
session, when little time was left for considera-
tion or conference. It came back loaded down
with millions upon millions of additional appro-
priations, made specifically to carry out the
very treaties which this House had emphatic-
ally declared it would not recognize. But
during the very last night of the session, this
House, under the leadership of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, aban-
doned all the positions it had thus deliberately
taken for several years, and admitted that the
Senate, by its treaty-making power, could take
any amount of money from the Treasury with-
out the consent of the Representatives of the
people. And now, to add to that bill that this
obvious transaction should not have its natural
and legitimate meaning is idle. I admit that
this fig leaf was devised to cover the nakedness
of that transaction, but it added nothing to the
legislative value of the statute. Therefore I
say that the passage of this joint resolution, so
far as any practical effect is concerned, is per-
fectly worthless. I will not, however, oppose
it as mere matter of ornament.
Mr. DAWES. I am not accustomed to resist
the passage of sugh a joint resolution as this,
which is merely to correct a mistake made by
our enrolling clerks. It is hardly necessary to
discuss the merits of a provision which has
been passed by both Houses of Congress, and
which was omitted from the law merely because
of a mistake in the enrollment.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 380) to supply an omission in
the enrollment of a bill, was received, read a
first, second, and third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House
