844
THI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI.
January 31,
practice, tlie reason of the rule, and the prac-
tice not only in our Federal Legislature but in
all the State governments, carries out this idea.
I find, in looking at Ctishing's Parliamentary
Law, in an edition published before the rebel-
lion, that the statement is made that the same
rule prevails in every constitution of every
State except that of Georgia, and that there
the power is conferred upon the house of rep-
resentatives to originate both revenue and ap-
propriation bills. Sir, the exception proves
the rule. . It shows how universally this Con-
struction was admitted; for if we admit the
idea upon which this objection is based, that
all bills which incidentally affect the revenue,
all bills which even reduce the revenue, must
originate in the House of Representatives.
As 1 have already said, the Senate must stop
introducing bills for the payment of private
claims, must stop introducing subsidy bills to
steamship lines or railroads, must stop creat-
ing offices, ordering forts or arsenals to be
built, or anything of that kind. The reason
of the rule, as it would be adopted by this
action of the House of Representatives, effect-
ually wipes out to a great extent all the busi-
ness with which we have been busying our-
selves for the past session, or wipes out our
power of originating it at least.
Now, sir, taking the history of the clause,
taking the plain reading of the clause, taking
the practice of the Senate and of the House
of Representatives under the clause, I can
scarcely conceivo that upon a committee of
conference being raised—and it is but proper
and right and respectful to the House of Rep-
resentatives that we should raise it for the
purpose of meeting this question—there will
not be a settlement of this question so as to
obviate objection to legislation of this char-
acter originating in the Senate. It is right that
it should be settled. It is respectful to the
House that we should meet it, and therefore,
following the accustomed form of a committee
of conference in such cases, I have made the
motion, and will submit the following resolu-
tion to that effect:
Whereas the House of Representatives has re-
turned to the Senate the bili (S. So. 1083) to repeal
so much of the act approved July 14, 1870, entitled
" An act to reduee internal taxes, and for otherpur-
poses," as continues the income tax after the 31st
day of December, A. D. 1869, with the respeetlal
suggestion on the part of the House that section
seven, article one, of the Constitution, vests in the
House of Representatives the sole power to originate
such measures; and whereas the parliamentary law
recognized bvboth Houses of Congress, in the Senate
Manual and Barclay's Digest, states that " when the
methods of parliament are thought by the one House
to have been departed from by the other a confer-
ence is asked to come to a right understanding there-
on;" and that "when an unparliamentary message
had been sent, instead of answering it, they ask a
conference:'' Therefore,
Resolved, That the bill be returned to the House
of Representatives, and that the Senate ask a con-
ference On the Questions at issue between the Houses.
Mr. SHERMAN. The message of the House
of Representatives raises a very interesting and
importantconstitutional question involving the
privileges of the two Houses. It is a question
with which I ain perfectly familiar, having both
as a member of the House and as a member
of the Senate thoroughly examined it; and if
I thought the occasion a proper one I should
be prepared to enter iuto a history of the par
liamentary law and nearly all the precedents
that have occurred in the history of our Gov-
ernment. They are numerous. But, in my
judgment, the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania had better be adopted, without
any general debate on the merits of the prop
osition itself, and this question had better be
referred to a conference between the two
Houses, and Senators had better not commit
themselves upon the proposition until after
the committee of conference has examined it.
This question, as to the precise meaning of
the words "revenue bills :' or " bills for rais-
ing revenue," has been the subject of contro-
versy between the two Houses perhaps twenty
or thirty times, thus interfering with the ordin-
ary course of business; and I think it is right
that we should have a committee of confer-
ence upon it. A conference between the two
Houses may consider the whole question and
examine the precedents, without any one com-
mitting himself too strongly in advance, and
if possible settle upon some rule, so that the
two Houses may not be brought at loggerheads
occasionally as to their respective powers. I
therefore shall forego making any remarks oa
the merits of the proposition until this con-
ference has met, and, if possible, prescribed
some rule which will govern the two Houses
in passing bills of this character backward and
forward between the Houses.
The question extends over a broad field,
and if entered upon now, on its merits, would
undoubtedly occupy the whole day, and per-
haps longer. I therefore hope that the Sen-
ate, without any further debate involving the
merits of the question, will let the matter go
to a committee of conference under the rule.
Cases of this kind are provided for by the
rule. Where controversies exist between the
two Houses as to the mode of doing business,
or where either House does that which the
other House thinks it has not the right to do,
under the parliamentary law either House can
ask for a committee of conference. The report
of that committee will properly bring the sub-
ject before the two Houses. I therefore shall
content myself with voting for the proposition
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, without
going into the merits of the question.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I sub-
mit that there is nothing before this Senate for
a committee of conference. I am one of those
old-fashioned kind of men, though not very
old in years, who believe that there are certain
proprieties to be observed in personal inter-
course, in political intercourse, and in official
intercourse. In a few days more I shall take
my departure from this body, shall never enter
this Chamber again, have no hope ever to
enter it again, no wish ever to enter it again.
But, sir, let not the Senate of the United States
degrade itself by submitting to a proposition
of conference upon such a question as this.
What did the Senate do? They proposed
to repeal a certain provision of existing law,
and they did repeal that provision of existing
law so far as their action was concerned. The
House was notified of that fact. How did the
House of Representatives treat the Senate?
Have they asked you for a committee of con-
ference? If they have there is nothing to
confer about. No, sir; they sent you a mes-
sage that you undertook to do that which you
had no authority to do. I hope the Senate will
show themselves men enough, and that the
body will have character enough to treat such
a message as that as it deserves to be treated.
I suppose, sir, that that thing was passed in a
hurry. I do not think such a resolution could
have passed that body deliberately and coolly;
but we are bound in our legislative capacity to
treat their action as an action done coolly and
deliberately and upon mature judgment.
Now, sir, there can be no question as to the
right of the Senate's action. I listened to the
argument of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
exhaustive in its character; but he might have
stated one plain proposition in three lines:
has th# Senate of the united States a right to
propose the repeal of a law? Does anybody
question that? Nobody; certainly no lawyer.
There is not a lawyer in the House of Repre-
sentatives who would question that; and if
there were any such man found there who ever
was engaged in the practice of the law, if he
was one day in my office I would turn him out
if he had not more sense. [Laughter.]
Well, sir, if the Senate of the United States
has a right to introduce a bill to repeal a law,
has not the Senate of the United States a right
to introduce a bill to repeal a part of a law ?
Is the less greater than the whole? Sir, I say
to my Republican friends in this Chamber that
the best thing to cover over the ignorance of
their confederates, not only against Constitu-
tion,butagainstlawand against common sense,
is to smother this thing; just send a message
to the other Chamber and get the leading men
there to ask to withdraw that insulting mes-
sage, so that men of sense may consider more
coolly what they suggest to the Senate of the
United States. That is the best way you can
get out of this difficulty. For that purpose,
without further comment, aud not wishing to
be jocose, only smiling as an honest man, I
suggest now, and make the motion, that it lie
on the table, to give the lawyers, if there are
any, in the House of Representatives—and I
suppose there are a few—the opportunity to
come and ask the Senate politely for leave to
withdraw that message they have sent, so that
they may consider the subject more maturely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware moves that the resolution of
the Senator from Pennsylvania lie on the table,
which is not debatable.
Mr. SCOTT. I would ask the Senator from
Delaware, before he makes the motion, to per-
mit me to make a modification of the resolu-
tion. I do not know whether it will meet his
objections or not.
Mr. SAULSBURY. This whole message
is in the house of its friends. I withdraw any
motion I have made.
Mr. SCOTT. I modify the resolution so as
to read:
Whereas the House of Representatives has re-
turned to the Senate the bill of the Senate (S. No.
1083) to repeal so much of the act approved July 11.
1870, entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes," as continues tho income tar
after the 31st day of December, A. D, 1863, with the
respectful suggestion on the part ot the House that
section seven, article one, of the Constitution vests
in the House of Representatives the sole power to
originate such measures; and whereas the parlia-
mentary law recognized by both Houses of Congress
states that "when the methods of parliament are
thought by the one House to have been departed
from by the other a conference is asked to come
to a right understanding thereon Therefore.
Retotved, That the bill be returned to the House
of Representatives, and that the Senate ask a con-
ference on the Question at'issue between the Houses.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I should
not have said a single word if the resolution
proposed by the Senator from Pennsylvania
had been moved, as is asnal, without an argu-
ment. I think there is some propriety in sub-
mitting on the other side of the question a few
suggestions that have occurred to my mind. I
do not agree with the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania that the error committed by the House
is so clear as to admit of no argumeut. On
the contrary, I think some good reasons may
be offered to support the position which has
been taken by the House.
He referred to the condition of the parlia-
mentary law at the time the Constitution was
framed, and I think made substantially a cor-
rect statement in reference to it. According
to the law of the British Parliament all money
bills were to be exclusively considered by the
House of Commons, and the lords and kings
had nothing to do with the subject.
When the Convention assembled to frame
the Constitution of the United States there
were various propositions submitted upon this
subject. Some desired to have the law in the
United States as it was in the British Par-
liament, so that all money bills should he
exclusively considered by the House of Rep-
resentatives. Others desired to have money
bills stand upon the same footing as other bills.
I remember that Mr. Randolph proposed in
that Convention that the British law should
prevail in the United States. But a compro-
mise was finally effected by which it was pro-
vided that all bills for raising revenue should
originate in the House of Representatives, but
that the Senate should have tU« power of
amendment.
After a discussion upon that question, as to
whether or not the exclusive jurisdiction over
these bills should be in the House of Repre-
sentatives, it was agreed that power to amend
should be conferred upon the Senate, and no
othpr or greater power upon that subject was
