1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
obviates the difficulty in my mind, and I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. YATES. I see no propriety whatever
in the resolution. I do not propose to take
much time in discussing it, because it will not
admit of discussion. No officer of the Senate,
or of any other body, should be employed,
except with regard to qualifications. Disqual-
ifications or limitations of age have nothing to
do with the action of the Senate. I have no
page in the Senate, and I do not want any. I
leave the appointment of pages to the appoint-
ing officer, and if he discharges his duty
improperly or unfaithfully, then call him to
account; let him be responsible. If a boy sug-
gested by me, who is twelve years of age, has
more sense than a boy proposed by the Senator
who is fourteen, I do not choose to yield to him
in that regard; nor do I choose to limit the age
to seventeen or sixteen. I would leave the
entire'responsibility with the officer charged
with the power of appointment.
Without any disrespect to the Senator from
Missouri, for I do not mean it, I say this reso-
lution should not occupy the attention of the
body, and this Senate should choose all its offi-
cers and all its agents with reference to quali-
fications, and not with any restriction as to
mere age.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution offered by the
Senator from Missouri.
The resolution was agreed to.
THE CALENDAR,
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the resolution that I offered yesterday with
regard to the order of business on the Calendar.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution :
Resoloed, That on Tuesday, at one o'clock, the
Senate will proceed to the consideration of the Cal-
endar, and bills that originated in the Senate and
that are not objected to shall be taken up in their
order; and each Senator shall be entitled to speak
once, and for five minutes only, on each question;
and this order shall be enforced daily at one o'clock
till the end of the Calendar is reached.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island proceeds the Chair will
read 
Mr. POMEROY. I ask if this resolution
does not conflict with the rule which was read
to ns yesterday?
Mr. ANTHONY. No.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read the rule, and the Senate can then decide
the question. The point of order raised yester-
day is still pending.
" Aftersix daysfromthecommencementofasecond
or subsequent session of Congress, all bills, resolu-
tions, or reports which originated in either House,
and at the close of the next preceding session remained
undetermined in either House, shall be resumed and
acted on in the same manner as if an adjournment had
not taken place."
If this last " either" had read "the other,"
as perhaps may have been the intention of the
rule originally, this resolution would clearly be
in order, irrespective of the other point of order,
which is still pending; but it says:
"All bills, resolutions, or reports which originated
in either House, and at the close of the next preced-
ing session remained undetermined in either House,
shall be resumed and acted on in the same manner
as if an adjournment had not taken place."
The Chair cited yesterday two decisions,
one made by Vice President Breckinridge and
the other by Mr. Foster, President pro tempore
of the Senate; and both those decisions were
made in regard to Senate bills, not in regard
to bills originating in the other House and
pending; and therefore those decisions, which
have been assented to in all the subsequent
action of the Senate, would bar this resolution
except by unanimous consent. The Chair
desires to state further this morning that on
examining the decisions made by a number of
his predecessors for years back he has found
several instances—at the opening, in fact., of
every subsequent session after the first one
of a Congress—where bills have been taken
up and acted upon without the point being
raised in regard to the twenty-first joint rule.
It seems, however, from the silence of the
Senators, that this has been done by general
consent under the pressure of an exigency
requiring immediate action on some House bill
pending; but where the point has been raised,
it has been decided uniformly in one way.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we ought to stand
by the rules.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
not rule out the resolution if the Senator from
Kansas withdraws the objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should renew the objec-
tion if it were withdrawn. I think we had
better stand by the rules. I interpreted £he
twenty-first joint rule to apply to bills origin-
ating in the House of Representatives, and
therefore the resolution was drawn to affect
only bills originating in the Senate. Now, I
will amend the resolution by saying "onMon-
day next," instead of "on Tuesday."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island modifies his resolution so
as to read "on Monday next."
Mr. ANTHONY. The object of this resolu-
tion is to dispose of the large amount of business
on the Calendar that is not objected to—to
take up those bills which can be disposed of
without debate, and which can be put over by a
single objection at any stage of the proceeding.
I suppose that one half, or at least one third,
of the bills on the Calendar are of this descrip-
tion, and if we can soon clear the Calendar of
them, it will be a great relief this session.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator
from Rhode Island to amend his resolution in
another respect. If there are on the Calendar
bills from the other House that are not objected
to, why not pass those as well as Senate bills?
Mr. ANTHONY. That amendment should
be made.
Mr. POMEROY. Say "billsoriginating in
either House." Let us take up the Calendar,
and act on bills not objected to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I accept the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Rhode Island to
mean that if this resolution shall be agreed to
the call of the Calendar shall be commenced
at the top of the Calendar or where it left off
before?
Several Senators. At the top.
Mr. ANTHONY. We are to begin it anew.
Mr. SHERMAN. I see no reason in the
world why the Senate should not proceed to
the consideration of bills on its Calendar not
coining from the other House, so as not to
waste this week. It is only a question of the
loss of this entire week. We certainly have
the right to control the rules of the Senate
when they affect the action of the Senate on
Senate bills; and we also have aright to control
the action of the Senate as it affects House bills.
By the decision already made we are cot off
from the right of action this week on House
bills; but certainly we have the right to take
up Senate bills and act upon them at any time.
Now, why should we lose this whole week
because, perhaps, by inadvertence or by care-
lessness, a Presiding Officer many years ago
decided that a rule, which was simply permis-
sive, or rather directory on the Clerk as to the
time when to make up his regular Calendar,
prevented the action of either House on
motion? I think it is better to take up bills
and pass them now. Let us do something this
week, and not waste the whole week. I think
it is perfectly idle for us to admit at the begin-
ning of the session that we cannot do anything
this week.
Mr. POMEROY. I would remind the
Senator from Ohio that but forthe twenty-first
joint rule the business would all have fallen at
the end of the session. It was the custom before
the adoption of that rule to renew the business
at a new session. I believe myself in(the in-
terpretation which the Senator from Ohio gives
to the rule, but its object was to retain the
business of one session for action at another
session of the same Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. The rule as to the falling
of business at the end of a session neverapplied
in the Senate of the United States, which has
been always construed to be a permanent body
as to its own business. That rule was only the
parliamentary rule of the House of Commons.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was the parliamentary
practice of this body until the adoption of the
twenty-first joint rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told that by uniform
custom, at the beginning of every subsequent
session of a Congress after the first, from time
immemorial, the business pending at the close
of the last session was ordered to be placed on
the Calendar in the condition in which it stood
at the close of the preceding session. We can
do that now just as well as it was done before
the adoption of this rule. I am told that be-
fore its adoption one of the formal motions
made at the beginning of each session of a
Congress after the first was to place the busi-
ness on the Calendar in the condition in which
it was at the close of the preceding session;
and that this rule was merely adopted for the
purpose of avoiding one of the ordinary formal
motions made at the beginning of the session.
Now we are hampering ourselves by a rule
which is a mere form, and we shall waste a
week's valuable time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I hope
that we shall not waste the whole week in
discussing the rules and what they are. We
did consume a good deal of valuable time at a
former session in the adoption of new rules,
changing them, and then discussing what the
changes meant. I think that if we abide by
the old ways we shall get along faster than in
any other mode, and the first thing to do is to
get the Senate organized. We have no commit-
tees, as yet, and it is desirable that we should
have them. We do not waste the week, as the
Senator from Ohio says. We occupy the week
or the time in organizing committees and get-
ting ready for business. The first thing to be
done is to accomplish that object; and with a
view of promoting the organization of the com-
mittees, and having them formed so that we
may do business regularly, I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for the present, so as to
allow this resolution to be passed in a form in
which nobody objects to it. The Senator from
Ohio does not object to its passage in this form,
and then it will be perfectly competent for him
to bring up his proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Illinois insists on the motion to adjourn,
it is not debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
withdrawing the motion if a vote is going to be
taken on the Senator's resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let us take a vote on the
resolution as modified, postponing its opera-
tion until Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it- had better go
over. I say to the Senator from Rhode Island
that I do not approve of the resolution, I
think it is a mistake to go through with this old
Calendar. In my opinion, it is the last kind
of business we ought to engage in.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator wishes to
discuss the resolution I shall not oppose the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator can take
up his resolution and have it adopted on Mon-
day morning, if it shall then be thought best to
adopt it. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the res-
olution of the Senator from Rhode Island, the
Senator from Illinois moves that the Senate do
now adjourn. .
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-four,
noes not counted; and (at twelve o clock
and thirty-eight minutes p. m>) the Senate
adjourned.
