20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 6, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
repeal of income tax.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2419) to repeal the
income tax; ■which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
members sworn in.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I send to
the Clerk's desk credentials showing the elec-
tion of Prank Morey to the vacancy in this
House from the fifth district of Louisiana.
Mr. Morey is now in attendance, ready to be
sworn in.
Mr. LAFLIN. I rise to announce the pres-
ets of Hon. Charles H. Holmes, Represent-
ative elect from the twenty-eighth district of
New York, and ask that he now be sworn.
Mr. McCRARY. I present the credentials
of Hon. William P. Wolf, elected to fill the
vacancy occasioned by the death of Hon. Wil-
liam Smyth, late Representative from the sec-
ond congressional district of Iowa.
Mr. Morey, Mr. Holmes, and Mr. Wolf
presented themselves, and were duly qualified
by taking the oath prescribed by the act of
July 2, 1862.
drawing for seats.
Mr. STILES. As a question of privilege,
I offer the following resolution, upon which 1
demand the previous question :
Resolved, That the last resolution of this House in
relation to the drawing of seats by members be re-
scinded, and that the Clerk of the House on to-mor-
row, after the reading of the Journal, place in a box
thename of each Member and Delegate of the House
of Representatives, written on a separate slip of
paper; that he then proceed in the presence of the
House to draw from said box, one at a time, the said
slipsofpaper, and as each is drawn ho shall announce
the name of the Member or Delegate upon it, who
shall choose his seat for the present session: Pro-
vided, That before said drawing shall commence the
Speaker shall cause every seat to be vacated, and
shall see that every seat continues vacant until it is
selected under this order; and that every seat, after
having been selected, shall be deemed vacant if left
unoccupied before the calling of the roll is finished.
Mr. WOOD.- Does this resolution require
unanimous consent? If so, I call for the reg-
ular order.
The SPEAKER. A resolution of this char-
acter is a question of privilege once in each
session.
Mr. WOOD. I think that at this stage of
the session and Congress the proposition is
clearly out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled to
recognize such a resolution as a question of
privilege once in each session.
Mr. FERRY. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
On the motion there were—ayes 102, noes 63.
Mr. STILES. 1 call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Bctler, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Stiles were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 87, noes 65.
Mr. S TILES. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 81, notvoting
•A : as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Arnell, Asper,
Banks, Beutty, Bennett, Biggs, Bingham, Blair,
James Brooks, Builinton, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler,
Churchill, Sidney ClarKc, Amasa Cobb, Coburn,
Cowles,Crebs,Ci:llom, Dawes, Dickey, Dickinson, Na-
than F. Dixun, Duval, Eldridge, ITarnsworth, Perry,
i'inkelnburg, Fisher, Uartield, Haldeman, Hale,
ilarmll, Hawkins, Hi-11. Holmes, Hooper, Ingersoll,
Jcnclces, Johnson, Thomas L.Jones, Julian, Kelsey,
K nap p.Laiii n, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch,
-Marshall, Mayham, McCarthy, McCorinick, Me-
Urew, JUcIvenzie.McNeely,Mereur, WilliatnMoore,
Daniel J. Morrell, A'iblack. O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Packer, Paine, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Prosser,
Itandall, Sanlord, Scofieid, Shober, Slocum, Wiliiam
J.Smith, Worthinsrton C. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes,
Strader, Swann, Tanner, Tillman, Townscnd, Twich-
ell, Tyner, Upson. Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Willard,
Williams, Eugene M. Wilson. Winchester. Wood,
and Woodward—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Atwood, Ayer,
Beaman, Benton, Boles.Booker, Bowen,Boyd,George
M. Brooks, Burehard, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler,
William '1'. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Conger,
Conner, Covode, Darrall, Degener, Joseph Dixon,
Donley, Dox, Dake,Ela, Ferriss. I1'itch.Getz,Gibson,
Gilfillan, Griswold, Hamilton, Hawley, Hay. Hoar,
Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham, McCrary, McKee,
Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore. Morey, Morgan, Morphis,
Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Palmer, Peek. Perce,
Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Reeves, Roots. Sargent. Saw-
yer, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
Sherrod, Starkweather, Stevens, Stiles, Stoughton,
Strickland,Strong, Sypher, Taffe, Taylor, Van Wyck,
Wallace, Wells, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Witcher,
and Wolf—81.
NOTVOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Axtell. Bai-
ley, Barnum, Barry, Beck, Benjamin, Bird, Buck,
Buckley, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Cleveland, Cox,
Dockery, Dyer, Fox, Haight, Hambleton, Harris,
Hays, Heflm. Hoge, Holman, Hotehkiss, Alexander
H. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Lash, Lewis. Maynard, Jesse
H. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Negley, Newshain,
Peters, Rice, Rogers, Schenck, Schumaker, John A.
Smith. Joseph S. Smith, Stone, Sweeney, Trimble,
V an Auken, Van Horn, Voorhees, Ward, Wheeler,
John T. Wilson, and Winans—54.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was laid on the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is now no
longer one of privilege.
repeal of income tax.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2420) to repeal
the income tax; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MYERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2421) to repeal the
income tax; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
order of business.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I demand
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour begins
at twenty-six minutes to one o'clock, and the
first business in order is Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 11, extending the time to construct
a railroad from the St. Croix river or lake
to the west end of Lake Superior and to Bay-
field^ reported back from the Committee on the
Public Lands, on which the gentleman from
Minnesota is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. The gentleman
ys that he will yield the floor to me for the
purpose of introducing a bill.
The SPEAKER. At this early stage of the i
session the Chair will give notice that the j
morning hour, which will be found all too i
short for reports from committees of the !
House, must be confined to that business. It j
will be his pleasure to accommodate gentle- [
men as far as possible, but he will not allow i
the current business of the morning hour to !
be interrupted by unanimous consents. He 1
does this in order that committee reports may j
go forward regularly. If the gentleman in j
charge of a pending measure yields the floor i
he must yield altogether. I
st. croix and bayfield railroad.
Mr. WOOD. I ask that the Clerk read the
joint resolution as it came from the Senate.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the grant of land heretofore made to the
State of Wisconsin by the acts approved June
3, 1856, and May 5, 1864, to aid in building a
railroad from St. Croix river or lake to Supe-
rior and to Bayfield, be renewed and extended
for the period of seven years to the State of
Wisconsin for the use and benefit of any com-
pany designated by said State, such extension
to commence and date from May 5, 1869; all
lands to be conveyed by patents upon the same
terms and conditions as are contained in the
acts granting land to said State, approved
June li, 1856, and May 5, 1864; provided that
said railway company shall complete thirty
miles of said road within eighteen months
from the date of extension hereby granted,
and at the rate of thirty miles per year there-
after until the same is finished; and should
said company fail to do so, that portion of said
land to which said company shall not be
entitled to patents shall revert to the United
States, and shall be immediately placed in
market; and provided that patents shall not
be issued for any lands except those situated
opposite to and conterminous with the com-
pleted sections of said road ; arid provided fur-
ther that no further sale of any of the lands
granted or of timber growing thereon shall be
made until after thirty miles of said railroad
shall have been completed and in use.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker,
this joint resolution, which came up at the close
of the last session and was passed over as unfin-
ished business, perhaps has escaped the minds
of most of the members. It is a joint resolu-
tion to extend the time to construct a land-
grant railroad in the northern part of Wiscon-
sin. It is part of an old grant, upon which
some two hundred miles were built, but the
balance of the road, owing to hard times and
the war, was not completed until the time of
forfeiture becameso imminent that no respons-
ible company would take hold and build it.
The company which at first held the road, in
the general financial catastrophe which swept
down so many enterprises became almost
bankrupt; but not being hedged round with
sufficient conditions of forfeiture, the State was
unable to take this road from them and give it
to a responsible company to build. About the
time they were ready to forfeit, then the State
of Wisconsin, desiring to take hold of the road,
applied to Congress to have the time extended
so that they might be able to build it.
I am conversant, from living in that region,
with the circumstances connected with that
road. It runs through the northern part of
Wisconsin, a timbered region, a region that
will not be settled for many, many years to
come unless some inducement of this kind is
held out to bring settlement. Upon the faith
of this grant there has been sold to persons on
one end of the road, and to many others desir-
ing to settle, a large amount of land, amount-
ing, according to the letters which I have from
the Land Office, to four hundred thousand
acres; and this was sold at the increased price,
$2_ 50 per acre, the price being doubled, and
paid by the purchasers upon the expectation
that this road would be built and that they
would thus be remunerated for the increase!
price. And it was upon the faith of this grant
that this §1,000,000 was paid into the United
States Treasury. We hold that it is a matter
of good faith upon the part of the Government
that they should continue this grant, so that
those who paid this money shall receive that
which they purchased.
As regards the views of the settlers in all
that region, I presented, when bringing this bill
before the House last session, a large number
of petitions signed by nearly all the settlers in
that region, all asking and praying that this
might be granted. The subject having come
before the Committee on the Public Lands,
they concluded to put conditions upon the bill
as it came from the Senate. They attached
the $2 50 settler clause. They attached con-
ditions requiring some forty miles to be built
each year, and requiring the company which
should be allotted to build the road by the
Legislature of Wisconsin to deposit §100,000,
to be forfeited if they did not build the road
and comply with the conditions of the bill; and
not only that, but providing also that if they
failed in any single year to comply with the
conditions of the bill the grant should be for-
feited by the Legislature, which might transfer
the grant to another company, or arrange for
building the road in any manner they pleased.
