1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not object to the
reference, as the Senator from Minnesota de-
sires if and is chaii man of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Road3, but I trust that
the resolution will be reported back promptly,
and that it will be passed. It refers to a claim
which, in my judgment, is the baldest imposi-
tion upon the Government that has been pro-
posed since I have been a member of Congress.
I think we ought to repeal very promptly the
resolution under which such an allowance has
been made. I shall not object to the reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 480) of wel-
come to Irish exiles and patriots was read twice
by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that that resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. I want a report on that subject.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill (H. R. No. 2499) to amend an act
entitled "An act making a grant of land to the
State of Minnesota to aid iu the improvement
of the navigation of the Mississippi river,"
approved July 23, 18G8, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 482) relat-
ing to the increase of compensation to assist-
ant marshals of the ninth census was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Revision of the Laws.
EXKCUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits a letter from the Secretary of War, which,
being bripf, the Secretary will report in full.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
The Secretary of War tins the honor to submit to
the Senate of the United States an application from
11. L. M. C.imdcn, of PniUdelphia, for miliUry pro-
tection for ttie employe:* of an association engaged
in sold mining in York county, Soiith Carolina,
against the outrages of the-so-called Kuklux Klan,
and to invite attention to the remarks of theUen-
erat of the Army thereupon. ^ ^ ^^KNAP,
Secretary of War.
War Drpahtmbm1, January 23,1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This letter, with
the accompanying papers, will be printed and
referred to ihe select committee on the sub-
ject of alleged outrages in the southern States.
I;I:LIKF TO FRANCE.
Mr. POMEROY. With the leave of the
Senator ti «i Nevada, I desire to offer a res;
olution, which I ask to have read. If any
objection be made to it it can lie over until
to-morrow.
Mr. STEWART. I suppose I might as well
yield until the morning business is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection by any Senator, the Chair will receive
the 01 dinary morning business.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask to have the resolu-
tion read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
Nevada give way?
The VICE PRE
PRESIDENT. If any Senator
objects, the morning business cannot be called.
Does the Senator trom Illinois object?'
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
finish one thing at a time. This morning
business can be disposed of to-morrow morn-
ing as well as to-day. It is now half past one
o'clock.
Mr. POMEROY. At this stage of the ses-
sion there are several measures that should
be in the hands of committees) and to spend
the whole morning hoar in making speeches,
so that our committees, some of whom meet
to morrow morning, cannot have public busi-
ness before them, is not a very profitable way
of spending our time. I think we ought to
be allowed to introduce stielt measures as we
have, that thev may go to committees.
Air. SPRAUUE, I roJt leave to make a
report.
The VICE PRESIDENT, ihe Senator
from Kansas has the floor, asking unanimous
consent to introduce a resolution. If there be
no objection, the Chair will receive morning
business until some Senator objects. The
Senator from Kansas asks consent to intro-
duce a resolution, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
A resolution commending the suffering poor of
France to the American people.
Whereas recent dispatches foreshadow peace and
the termination of the great war in Europe; and
whereas the tread of hostile armies baa desolated a
great portion of the republic of France, which un-
happily for it has been made the battle-field for two
great nations; and whereas the cry of hunger, des-
titution. and sorrow is now more distinctly heard as
the battle-cry dies away : Therefore,
Be it resolved. That in obedience to that Christian
charity which seeketh the good of alt nations and
ministers to all human distresses, and at the same
time gratefully rememberiBgthepractieal sympathy
of Frenchmen to us in the day of our early weak-
ness and extremity, we heartily commend the suf-
fering poor of France to the American people, and
recommend that a generous system of organized
charity be speedily inaugurated for their relief.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that resolution may
be acted upon unanimously.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware objects, and it will go on the Calen-
dar of resolutions. If the morning business is
to be received, the Chair will first receive peti-
tions and memorials.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to offer a con-
current resolution so that it may be acted upon
with the resolution that I have just submitted,
and I give notice that I shall call it up to-
morrow:
Resolved hy the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That Congress respectfully recom-
mend to the President of the United States that he
cause to be stationed at theport of New York, if the
same can be done without injury to the public ser-
vice, one of our first-class naval vessels, to be there
held in readiness to receive on board for transporta-
tion such supplies as may be furnished by the people
of the United States for the destitute and suffering
people of France.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This will go over
with the original resolution. Petitions and
memorials are now in order.
Mr. SAULSBURY subsequently said: When
I objected to the consideration of the resolu-
tion offered by the Senator from Kansas I
thought it was a resolution looking to the
Government of the United States taking part
in a foreign quarrel. 1 have no opposition to
France. The French have my entire sympa-
thy iu this conflict. It has been suggested to
me that this resolution only goes to the extent
of offering aid to suffering humanity among
the French people. If that is the extent of
the resolution, I withdraw my objection, say-
ing at the same time that 1 am opposed to
the Government of the United States having
anything to do with the quarrels of foreign
Governments. That was the simple point
upon which I made my objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware withdraws his objection tothe
resolution offered by the Senator from Kan-
sas, commending the suffering poor of France
to the sympathies of the American people.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to the con-
sideration of anything until we dispose of the
Georgia question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects to anything but morning
business for reference or to go upon the Cal-
endar.
PETITIONS AXD MEMORIALS,
Mr. CHANDLER presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Michigan, in favor
of an appropriation for the improvement of
the harbor of Monroe, in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Detroit, Michigan, remonstrating against an
increase of the duty on stone; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of L.
L. O'Connor, praying to be restored t® his late
rank of lieutenant in the third cavalry; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Washington and Georgetown, praying an ap-
propriation for the Industrial Home School,
in the District of Columbia; whichwas referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
He also presented a petition of the officers
and managers of the Industrial Home School
of the District of Columbia, praying an appro-
priation of $10,000, to enable the association .
to extend its benefits to destitute children of
Washington city; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
He also presented the petition of Mary Gor-
don Moran, praying that Major George A.
Gordon, fourth cavalry, lately in command
of Fort Griffin, Texas, who was mustered out
of the service, may be reinstated ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affaire.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of cit-
izens of Michigan, praying the passage of the
bill authorizipg the holding of terms of United
States courts at Bay City, in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a memorial from the Woman's Chris-
tian Association of the District of Columbia,
which is a corporation organized in this Dis-
trict to aid the poor and suffering people here.
And in the same connection I have here also
their annual report, showing what they have
done, which I commend to the attention of the
Committee on Appropriations, to which com-
mittee I move that the memorial be referred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of Joseph
Fiedler, a sergeant major of Thielman's bat-
talion of Iliinoia cavalry volunteers, praying
to be allowed a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of David Klein,
praying compensation for the use by the Gov-
ernment of a new and valuable invention to
Enable armies to cross navigable streams;
which was referred to the Committee on Slili
tary Affairs.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition of
Thomas G. Allison, of Panola county, Texas,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. TIPTON presented a petition of soldiers
in the late war, praying certain amendments
to the homestead law; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of Hampton
B. Denman, praying relief on account of money
stolen from him while superintendent of In-
dian affairs in the northern superintendence;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
the trustees of the colored Primitive Baptist
church, of Maysville, Madison county, Ala-
bama, asking compensation for church prop-
erty destroyed by the Union Army during the
late war; which was referred to the Committee
ou Claims.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a petition of
envelope manufacturers, printers, and station-
ers, praying that the manufacture and sale
of stamped envelopes by the Government be
discontinued ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Ohio, in favor of the pas-
sage of a bill dividing that State into three
judicial districts; which was referred to the
Committee on t*e Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented the petition of William
J, Heurr, late private company 1, twenty-sixth
legiment Ohio volunteers, prayiug an increase
ofpension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
