1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
849
jure in that sense which entitles it to elect
Senators to the Senate of the United States.
But this statement goes entirely too far. I
apprehend that the Senator from Wisconsin
could not have reflected when he took this
position, although he repeated it several times.
He said if it was a Legislature for one pur-
pose then it was a Legislature for every pur-
pose. The very act of 1889, which he reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary, and
which lie mainly drew, I believe, denies that
it was a Legislature for the purpose of electing
a sergeant-at-arms, or for the purposeof elect-
ing a clerk, or for the purpose of ever organ-
izing. That very act questions the legality of
the whole organization of this Legislature, and
says it was not a Legislature eveu for the pur-
pose of organization. If it was not a Legis-
lature with authority to elect a clerk whom we
could recognize aud allow to remain in office,
his argument, then turned on himself, denies
to that Legislature the authority to do any
other act, because you set aside its election of
a clerk; and if it was not a Legislature for
the purpose of electing a clerk, then it was not
a Legislature lor any purpose, according to
liirn. I do not agree with him in that. 1 say
that notwithstanding we refused to recognize
it as a Legislature which brought the State in
harmony with the Union, in practical relations
with the Union, we agreed to let it stand for
other purposes, the same as we did the John-
son Legislature. We passed laws for the
further reconstruction of that State and the
reorganization of that Legislature, so as to
bring it in harmony with the Union, so as to
bring it in practical relations, so as to giye
it that jurisdictional character which, would
entitle it to elect a Senator of the United
States. We never have denied its local juris-
diction ; we have not practically denied the
local jurisdiction of any of these governments;
we have let them run ; but we have denied
their jurisdiction to elect Senators. That is
the issue.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask my honorable
friend whether Georgia is a State in the Union
or out of it to-day?
Mr. STEWART. I will refer the Senator
to the act of 1870. which declares that she is.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I want your opinion.
Mr. STEWART. Yes.
Mr. SAULSBURY. She is in the Union?
Mr. STEWART. Dp you think she is in
or out?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I think she has never
been out. Now, you say she is in. If she is
in, I have another question to put to my hon-
orable friend: What right has the Congress of
the United States to say how she shall elect
or whether she shall have Senators or not, if
she is in the Union? That is my question.
Mr. STEWART. I think the argument
of the Senator from Delaware is fully up to
the standard of the argument of the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] on that very
question. I think you must either adopt one
horn or the other of the dilemma. You must
either sqy that Georgia has been in all the
time and had a right to be represented all the
time, or you must take the time that is fixed
by the act of Congress as the date when she
was entitled to representation. I concur that
there is no logic in any other position ; and I
thank the Senator from Delaware for his sug-
fest ion, because it illustrates the position.
lither Georgia has never been out, and has
been entitled to representation all the time at
her own option; or she is entitled to represent-
ation at such time as Congress declares that
she is.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will my honorable
friend state to me the authority for the prop-
osition which he mentions? We are discuss-
ing a legal question, and he is a member of
the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. STEWART. I will net discuss the
authority. I say Congress has assumed to lay
down that rule, and many of those who were
41sx Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 54.
instrumental in forcing that rule on the country
and upon Congress are now instrumental in'
breaking it if they vote for the admission of
Hill; because after his election the reconstruc-
tion policy went on, and the act to promote
the reconstruction of Georgia required a re-
organization of that Legislature. Upon what
theory? Upon the theory thatitwas not organ-
ized in harmony with the Union, that it was
not organized in such a manner as to restore
the practical relations of the State to the Union.
If that theory was correct then, Georgia was
not entitled to representation at the time of
the election of Hill and Miller.
After that reorganization had taken place
Congress did declare that Georgia was entitled
to representation, and did declare that she had
a legal State government; and then, under that
reorganization we have men elected at a time
when Congress recognized the legality of the
Legislature; and, under the rule we have been
following, they are the men who are entitled
to seats here. The others are entitled to seats
upon the theory that Georgia was always enti-
tled to representation, and the Democrats are
right in voting for Hill and Miller on their
theory. But there is no half-way ground. You
must either follow one rule or the other; either
that Georgia was always in, always entitled to
be represented, or that we must take the dec-
laration of Congress, when Congress declared
her entitled, ana follow that. I say the admis-
sion of Hill and Miller is a violation of that
declaration ; that there is no declaration in
the act of July 15, 1870, which can, by any
fair intendment, refer to the revolutionary
period of 1868.
As to the second position of the Senator from
Wisconsin—and I regret that he is not in his
seat—that a member of the Legislature is not
an officer within the meaning of the fourteenth
amendment, I say the reverse of that has been
held all the while; and it was particularly so
held in this case and by his bill. His bill,
the act to promote the reconstruction of Geor-
gia, passed in December, 1869, required the
members of the Legislature to take an oath,
and prescribed the oath for them. It went
upon the theory that certain members were
excluded by the fourteenth amendment; it
required a particular oath to be administered
to them; and in the reorganization that bill
did exclude all persons who were disqualified
under the fourteenth amendment. What jus-
tification could he have for the passage of a
bill excluding those men if they were entitled
to their seats, notwithstanding the fourteenth
amendment? What,excuse could he have
after they were elected in applying that oath
to them? The point was then raised by the
Democrats that the fourteenth amendment did
not exclude members of the Legislature. We
argued that it did apply to members of the
Legislature; and the bill passed upon that the-
ory. Consequently I do not think that point
is open for discussion now. Something ought
to be regarded as settled after it has passed
into a law.
The most serious part of the Senator's
speech, however, is the proposition that a bill
like the act of 1809 would be passed for any
one of the loyal States under like circum-
stances, and it'was illustrated by the Senator
from Wisconsin in this way: he said, suppose
armed ruffians should force themselves into
the Legislature of Nevr York, and should ex-
ercise a controlling influence, so as to con-
trol the proceedings of that body, then it would
be necessary for Congress to interfere and set
aside the proceedings, as in this case, mean-
ing that, in the case under consideration, we
had acted upon the theory that these disquali-
fied men had intruded themselves into that
Legislature and exercised a controlling influ-
ence, which was the fact. He said that in
that supposed case Congress would deal with
them if the case was parallel to this. What
would Congress do with Senators elected by
that revolutionary body in that condition? If
that presented a case where Congress should
deal with them; if it presented a case that was
such a violation of the republican principle, so
revolutionary as to need legislative action, it
seems to me that it was revolutionary enough
to be void. It seems to me that Congress
should never interfere in the proceedings of
any loyal State for revolutionary conduct unless
that revolutionary conduct was sufficiently so
to render the action void.
Do you say that you could take the State of
New York or Ohio and "reorganize its Legisla-
ture ; that you would have the power to do that
in a case where you would be bound to recognize
as valid the acts done when it was in a dis-
organized state ? Do you claim that you could
get jurisdiction to reorganize the Legislature
of a loyal State in a case not sufficiently fla-
grant to give you jurisdiction to set aside its
whole proceedings ? It seems to me that is a
monstrous assertion. When any one of the
States does revolutionize sufficiently to author-
ize Congress to interfere it will be sufficiently
revolutionized to authorize Congress to repu-
diate all the revolutionists and all the acts done
during the revolution. That is precisely the
theory we have gone on during the whole rebel-
lion. We have repudiated in the rebellious
States all they did duringtherebellion, because
they had revolutionized everything. After the
fall of the rebellion they set up governments
which we recognized so far as their action was
confined purely to local matters; but in determ-
ining how far we would recognize them we
have assumed jurisdiction over the whole mat-
ter ; we have assumed jurisdiction to say when
their practical relations were restored so as to
entitle them to be represented. We assumed
this jurisdiction with regard to Georgia; we
declared Georgia in 1870, and not till then,
entitled to representation.
We declared Georgia not entitled to repre-
sentation in 1868 and 1869, but held her under
the military, proceeded to reconstruct her, and
after we had fully reconstructed her, and when
Congress was ready-to make the declaration
that she was entitled to representation, Far-
row and Whiteley were elected; and, under
our theory, Farrow and Whiteley are the only
legal Senators. I will not say that it makes
no difference who the persons elected are, but
they are the only legally elected Senators under
the. theory upon which we have acted. If we
adhere to that, and admit that we are bound
to wait until Congress fixes the time when the
right of representation accrues, they are the
legal Senators, and yon must either act on
that theory or you sre forced to adopt the
other theory, that Georgia was all the time
entitled to representation, as suggested by the
Senator from Delaware.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of tin-Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart,] to strike out the name of
'' Joshua Hiil'' and insert the name of'' Henry
P. Farrow," upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. BOREMAN. Before voting on this
question, I beg leave to say a few words. So
far as the applicant for admission to the Sea-
ate, Mr. Hill, is concerned, I should be very
happy, so far as I know his history, that he
should have a seat in this body. Bis conduct
in 1861 was bold, and true, and courageous;
and I know of nothing he has done since thai
period that should change the opinion of the
people of this country in regard to him. But
sir, we are not allowed to decide questions of
this sort upon our personal likes or dislikes.
I wish to do right in this matter, and in doing
right .1 shall also be consistent. I like very
much to lie consistent in my course on the
Georgia question; but if I find that pursuit
of the rigfit leads me to be inconsistent, thea
I shall pursue the right notwithstanding the
inconsistency. In this case by doing what I
deem to be right I shall be consistent with my
previous actiou.
I do not think with our friends on the other
