1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28
r  It is one I hope the House will not
abandon, and I hope, whether in .or out, this
joint resolution will be defeated. [Laughter.]
Mr. YAN WYCK. I ask the gentleman
from Minnesota to yield to me.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. How long?
Mr. YAN WYCK. Three minutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I will yield
to the gentleman for three minutes.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Mr. Speaker, asregards
the action of the Wisconsin delegation, the com-
munication which they have laid on the desks of
members seems to me to lead to an error. They
suggest that there is no new grant of land in this
bill. And yet on page 4 we find it stated—
That the grant for said Bayfield line be, and the
same is hereby, extended to the town of St. Croix
Palls, upon the same terms and conditions as if said
extension had been made part of the original and
supplemental grant; and that such grant is made to
said State for the benefit, &c.
Now, I want the gentleman to state distinctly
whether that is not a new grant extending to
fifty-five miles of a new road? And will the
gentleman also explain why a wrong impres-
sion'was communicated to the House, if it be
the fact that fifty-five miles of new road are
added which were not contemplated by the
act of 1864, and by the act of 1887, and of
1869V If that be anew grant an attempt is
made to deceive the House in leading it to
suppose that this is but the renewal of or
giving vitality to an old grant. I desire the
gentleman to state distinctly to the House, in
order that there may be no misunderstanding,
whether this fifty-five miles of extension is not
a new grant substantially.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker,
how much time have I left?
The SPEAKER. Twenty rainntes.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker,
I have certainly divided my time very liberally
with the oppenents of the bill, and propose
now for a few minutes to answer some of the
objections made against it. I commence with
that, of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Vast Wyck,] who asks whether this bill does
not to the extent of fifty-five miles make a new
grant. I will say that to that extent it does
not. The extension of the grant is from St.
Croix Falls out to the line ; and if the gentle-
man will examine the Land Office maps he will
find that this is a distance of only twenty-five
or thirty miles. If he will look at the docu-
ments presented with the bill from the Land
Office last session he will find that along this
line the State does not get over three or four
sections to the mile. The whole amount is
estimated at less than eighty thousand acres
of land ; so small in comparison with the great
benefits to be derived from the extension that
it should recommend instead of injuring the
bill. It extends the Bayfield line to the head-
waters of navigation of the St. Croix river, gives
Minnesota an additional outlet to the lakes, and
to that degree alone—a very small and imma-
terial extent, but great in advantages to my
State—is it a new grant.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
has spoken of this being part of a great land-
grant scheme for swindling the tax-payers.
How will the passage or defeat of this bill
affect the question of taxation except to lessen
it? The Government can then sell inter-
mediate lands that must otherwise lie, as they
have lain for nearly twenty years, in market,
but unsold and unused. How much better
that the opening of railroad communications
should open new homes for new settlers, whose
increased wealth will lessen the burdens of
the East and the West! How long is it since
lands of the United States have been made
the source of revenue? Have we not, men
of all parties, come to the unanimous conclu-
sion that the public lands should be used for the
benefit of the settlers, and that we should adopt
that policy which will best promote their hap-
piness and welfare? If, then, a land-grant road
is for the benefit of the people along that line,
let this extension of time be made. If it is not
for their benefit, let it not be made. That is
the determining point which should actuate
the decision of every conscientious member of
this body.
I live in a State which has grown up under
the land-grant system; and while there have
been some evils, the blessings have prepon-
derated ; and had the grants been surrounded
with the conditions attached to this bill, there
would be no evils at all to complain of. I am
willing to support such bills for any section of
the country that can he thus better settled and
better developed. I think the northern por-
tion of Wisconsin is one of the regions which
properly demand a grant of this kind, and it
will not be settled in any reasonable time with-
out it. It is but justice to the thousands of
poor settlers praying for this, that you should
still continue the aid, upon the promise of
which they made their settlement. They must
remain in their poverty unless you do so. You
have it in your power to do them a great good,
and no injury to yourselves.
As to this $2 50 clause, it was carefully con-
sidered by the committee. The objection made
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
is that it averages the land at $2 50 per acre.
After careful reflection the committee con-
cluded that this was a fair disposition of the
matter. We considered it was the only way
in which we could deal fairly with all settlers.
Otherwise, if you sold to one alongside of the
road and charged him $2 50, while another
went off ten miles from the road and also paid
$2 50, one for a poor pieee of land must pay
as much as he who gets a choice and valuable
tract. There would be an unfairness in this.
So we concluded that the price should be aver-
aged, and that the rates making this average
should be established under the supervision of
the Secretary of the Interior, so that justice
should be done to all parties. I say, then,
that this is not going back on the decision of
the House, but following out its decision every
time that it has passed an enactment of this
kind. The Committee on the Publie Lands
spent many of its meetings entirely in consid-
eration of this very point, and the plan of an
average was considered, after careful investiga-
tion, the only one at all feasible.
Now, while we adopt the $2 50 clause, there
can be no doubt that to a class of land it can-
not be made to apply. We adopt it for the bene-
fit of settlers alone, and it would be foolishness
to apply it to lands not fit for settlement. Pine
lands are of this character. No settler goes
upon them with the honest intention of making
them his home. You never heard of a home-
stead being taken upon our pine lands. The
occasional preemptions are fraudulently made
for the mere purpose of selling the land. The
effect, then, of this provision upon such lands
is only to tie them up so that no use whatever
can be made of them. And we who live upon
the prairies West are deprived of the use of the
lumber that might otherwise be borne to us,
cheapening the price of our houses and our
fences. The settler would laugh at your at-
tempt to preserve this pine land for his home.
You can get thousands of acres given you for
taxes, after the timber has been cut. No one
will advocate more warmly than myself the
application of this principle where it will do
good ; but, as the representative of settlers, I
shall not render it lidiculous by attempting it
where it can work naught but harm.
Hard wood timber lands were reserved from
the operation of this clause for the following
reason: that it was shown that there were
large tracts of iron ore along the line of this
road. To operate furnaces to smelt this would
require the timber growing in considerable
quantities around and over these mineral beds.
Without being enabled to secure this in con-
siderable quantities no one could afford to
invest the capital necessary to establish iron
manufactories. We considered the develop-
ment of this great resource of far greater benefit
to the settlers in that region, than that these
timber lands, rough in character, should be
reserved for their sole use. It must be remem-
bered that where the greater portion of the sec-
tion is not timbered it must be classed as prairie
land, and that such is the character of the tim-
ber groves upon the western end, where the
settlement will be made. As regards other than
pine timber, the House might amenctend apply
the condition if they think such the better mode;
but I believe with the committee that the inter-
est of the country will be best subserved in the
present shape.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I desire to offer
an amendment to the tenth line of page i of the
bill, striking out the words "in the average
price of," and also on the twentieth line of page
5, by striking out the word "average." My
reason for offering these amendments is that I
believe too much importance cannot be given
to the suggestion made a short time ago by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.] I have
had occasion to examine somewhat in detail
what would be the practical operation of the
second section of this bill as agreed to by the
Committee on the Public Lands, especially, I
believe, in that section of country in which it
is proposed to make this grant apply. A large
portion of the lands proposed to be granted are
worth less in the market at the present moment
than $2 50 an acre. That is the fact, so far
as those lands are concerned. Hence if you
apply the principles proposed in the second
section of this bill it would enable the rail-
road companies to make the price of lands ten,
fifteen, or even twenty dollars for all the lands
worth anything for settlemsnt, while the rest
of the lands would remain unsold. Now, I ask
the gentleman from Minnesota and the House
what is the object of placing a limitation of
this kind at all upon the sale of lands ? It is
for the purpose of helping the pioneer, the
settlers who have swarmed in ; and if you put
it in the power of the company to charge ten
or fifteen dollars for these lands you defeat
the purpose of that provision of the bill. It
seems to me that is the object of the House.
They should add to it the provision .which will
apply at once to the people of the frontier.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. The gentle-
man from Kansas may well speak feelingly
upon this subject, sinee no State has more than
his suffered from improvident land grants, and
many of them passed by his influence and vote.
With the conditions of this bill his constituents
would have had no cause of complaint. He is
mistaken, both as to the character of the country
through which this line passes and as to the
operation of the average clause. There is not
a large amount of land which would be com-
paratively valueless except for mere purposes
of settlement. The adjustment of price is not
made at the option of the State or company
who may be selected to build, but must be done
under the rules and regulations adopted by the
Secretary of the Interior, and with the pro-
spective value of pine and mineral lands under
railroad communication it is more than prob-
able that the average of the agricultural lands
would be lowered. As I said before, I have no
objection to the $2 50 an acre clause, except
to the pine timber lands; but I think the bill
would be worthless if passed with such an
amendment as proposedby thegentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Jui.iax.] I believe my time is
about out, and I will call the previous question.
I think Wisconsin deserves this extension, and
the unanimous request of her delegation should
be granted.
Mr. JDLTAN. I did not understand whether
j the gentleman would allow me to offer my
; amendment or not.
| Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I will allow
I the gentleman to oifer his amendment if he
will modify it so as to except from its opera-
tion the pine timber lands.
Mr. JULIAN. I can see no^ reason in the
world why that beneficent provision should not
be applied to all lands, the pine timber as well
as the hard timber and the prairie lands. I
