852
HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
to cause an examination or surrey to to made of the
harbor of Wellfleet, Massachusetts, with a view to
dredging and improving the same, so as to afford
greater protection and facilities to commerce; and
that he report upon the feasibility of making such
improvement, and the probable cost thereof, to the
House of Representatives at the commencement of
the first session of the next Congress.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I ask that the resolu-
tion and accompanying memorial be printed.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
HOUSATONIC RIVER.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to: •
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to transmit to this House a copy of the late reports
and papers in the engineer department relating to
the improvement of the Housatonie river and N ew
Haven harbor, in the collection district of New
Haven, Connecticut.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MONROE HARBOR AND SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. BEAMAN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the State of Michi-
gan, requesting and urging the Senators and
Representatives of that State in Congress to
ask an appropriation from Congress to repair
and improve the harbor and ship-canal at
Monroe, in the county of Monroe, State of
Michigan; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to move a recon-
sideration of that reference.
The SPEAKER. It is unnecessary, as no
action can be predicated on it.
LOSS OF THE ONEIDA.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to offer a bill
for the recovery of damages for the loss of
the sloop-of-war Oneida, and I ask permission
to make a statement, not to occupy over two
minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. Let the bill be read. •
Thg SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections, if any, will
be in order.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Navy, after consultation
with the Attorney General, to take such meas-
ures, and institute and putsue to final judg-
ment or decree such proceedings at law, or
otherwise, as may be needful to obtain full
damages and indemnification for the destruc-
tion and loss of the sloop-of-war Oneida, in
the bay of Yedo, Japan, in January, 1870, and
to employ such legal counsel in the United
States or abroad as he may find requisite to
accomplish the purposes of this act.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say that this
bill has the sanction of the Navy Department,
and has been prepared under the direction
of the Secretary of the Navy, in accordance
with the following paragraph from his annual
report, which I ask to have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The Loss of the Oneida.—On the afternoon of the
24th of January last, the steam sloop-of-war Oneida,
carrying six guns and a crew of one hundred and
seventy-six officers and men, steamed out of the har-
bor of Yokohama on her return to this country,
after a cruise of three years on the Asiatic station.
At seven o'clock on the same evening, in the bay of
STedo. about fifteen miles from Yokohama, she was
run into by the English steamer Bombay, carrying
the mails and passengers for the last-named port.
After cutting down the Oneida, and carrying away
entirely a large portion of her stern', the Bombay
proceeded on ber way, leaving behind her, in the
darkness, the unfortunate ship and her gallant crew.
In less than fifteen minutes from the time she was
first struck, the Oneida had sunk beneath the waves,
and. of twenty-four officers and one hundred and
fifty-two men, but two of the former and fifty-seven
of the latter escaped a watery grave.
"I have already had the honor, in response to reso-
lutions of Congress, to communicate all the informa-
tion on this subject which was in the possession of
the Department, and to express my opinion of the
causes of the disaster and of the conduct of the
aetors. I have not, since that time, seen reason to
change these views, and, still believing that our loss
was caused by the recklessness and bad navigation
©t the persons in charge of the Bombay, I recom-
mend that the Department bo authorized to take
such means as may be available to obtain redress
from her owners for our pecuniary loss. The lives
of those who perished cannot be restored, nor their
loss repaid to their families or their country.''
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that the bill be
put upon its passage.
There was no objection; and the bill (H. R.
No. 2906) for the recovery of damages for the
loss of the sloop of war Oneida was received,
and read a first and second time.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read-a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time,- and
passed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion waa agreed-to.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE ACT.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2907) extending the
provisions of the agricultural college act to
the State of Mississippi; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
State of Mississippi may accept and shall be
entitled to the benefits of the act entitled
"An act to donate public lauds to the several
States and Territories which may provide col-
leges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts,", approved July 2, 1862, by
expressing its acceptance thereof, as provided
in the said act, within two years from the date
of this act, subject, however, to the conditions
of the original act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved, to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION OF INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. WINCHESTER. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following preamble and reso-
lution :
Whereas on the 13th of December, 1870, the follow-
ing resolution, to wit:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is Hereby, directed to furnish this House a
statement of the balances due from collectors of
internal revenue who are not now in office, and the
total amount of the balances so due as they appear
on the books of the accounting officers of his Depart-
ment on the 30th day of June, 1870; that he further
inform this Hnuse what amount of said balances
have been paid, and in detail, by whom, since the
2d day of May. 1870; the names of the collectors who
have been sued on their bonds since their removal
from office, with the cause 'of removal in eaeh case;
by what President said collectors were appointed,
and by what President they were removed,"
passed this House by a unanimous vote: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to report to this House the cause of his
non-compliance with said resolution.
Mr. JUDD. I object.
manufactures.
Mr. WELLS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to have compiled in tabular form a state-
ment showing the aggregate amount of manufac-
tures of all kinds in each city and village in the
United States having a population of ten thousand
persons and upward, as shown by the census of
1870; also a similar statement for each city and vil-
lage having a population of five thousand and under
ten thousand, as shown by the census, such state-
ments to exhibit the capital and the number of per-
sons employed in said manufactures as well as the
value of tne products thereof, and the number of
persons residing in said cities and villages respect-
ively, and to transmit the same to this House.
Mr. KELSEY. All that will appear in the
census report, and I do not think we need
these compilations. I object.
COLLECTION OF JUDGMENTS.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2908) to facilitate
the collection of judgments in favor of the
U nited States, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the' Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
J. II. SCHNELL.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce and have passed a bill to enable
J. H. Schnell, of California, to enter and pay
for a section of public lands in California for
his tea colony.
Mr. RAN DALL. Is there any report acconi •
panying the bill?
Mr. SARGENT. There is not; but I can
explain it, and I think no gentleman will object.
I ask that the bill be read. •
The bill was read for information. It author-
izes J. H. Schnell to enter at the propervUnited
States land office a quantity of land not exceed-
ingsixhundred and forty acres at the minimum
price, according to the line of his improve-
ments, lea garden and other culture, and to
which there may not be any adverse claim
excepting that of the United States.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman for whose
benefit this bill is introduced has established
in California a colony of Japanese tea-gar-
deners, and brought four hundred thousand tea
plants and set them «ut in my district, in El
Dorado county, and thereby m$de a tea plant-
ation, which is believed to be a great success.
He has also introduced the Bombyx tamamai.
a hew kind of silk-worm that feeds on the white
oak and makes a strong silk thread. He has
also introduced upland rice with great success,
and an oil plant, gamo, that produces a clean,
limpid oil like olive-oil. Also the ara, that
has a flower like millet, and makes a food as
nourishing as rice. Also the bamboo and the
wax plant, which grow so luxuriantly in South
America. Under the preemption laws he can
only enter one hundred and sixty acres. But
these improvements cover much more; say
six hundred and forty acres. Now the object
of this bill is to give him a chance to buy these
lands covered by his improvements at the min-
imum price of public lands. It is necessary
that this should be done at once, as the sur-
veys are now about to reach that region; and
unless it is passed, his colony will be broken
up, and these great interests, which will add
so much to the wealth of the United States,
will be destroyed, owing to the impossibility
of his getting more than one hundred and
sixty acres of land. We do not ask any land
grant, but only that he may be allowed to buy
the laud and pay for it.
Mr. JULIAN. This matter properly be-
longs to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
I would inquire of the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] it that committee has
examined it and are in favor of it ?
Mr. SARGENT. It is not a Mexican land
grant; it is not a private land claim. It is
simply a proposition for a person who has set
this great industry in motion there to have the
opportunity to buy a little more land than he
is enabled to do under the preemption laws
of the United States. The Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims has no jurisdiction. I have
not consulted it.
This land is in the foot-hills of El Dorado
county, in my district. The culture of tea has
been introduced there by this man with en-
couraging success. Some six boxes of the tea,
I am informed, will be ready for exhibition at
our next State agricultural exhibition at Sac-
ramento. It is an interest which promises to
be of great commercial value to our State and
to the whole country. I trust there will be no
objection to allowing this man to enter the
amount of land covered by his improvements
at the minimum price of Government land,
especially as the bill says that there shall be
excepted from the operation of this bill all
land to which there may be any claim other
than by the Government.
Mr. KESLEY. What is there to prevent
his entering the land now and paying for it?
Mr. SARGENT. Under the preemption
