26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
to exempt certain boats from the payment of
marine hospital dues, and for other purposes;
which wasreadafirstandsecond time, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
lake ontario passengers.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No.
389) to amend a joint resolution approved July
15, 1870, entitled "Joint resolution to permit
the Secretary of the Treasury to allow certain
boats to carry passengers and their baggage
between American ports on Lake Ontario
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
smith and skinner.
Mr. SANFORD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2439) for the \
relief of Smith & Skinner, of Yonkers, New .
York; which was read a first and second time, !
and referred to the Committee on Patents. j
public improvements. i
Mr. PROSSER, by unanimous consent, !
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 390) :
explanatory of appropriations for public im-
provements ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Appropri- ;
ations, and ordered to be printed. ,
private property destroyed ix texas. i
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, by unanimous con- i
sent, introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No.
391) making an appropriation to indemnify ,
the citizens of Brennam, Washington county, |
Texas, for loss of private property by fire and i
pillage at the hands of United States soldiers; i
which was read a first and second time, referred i
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to :
be printed.
doty os sugar, tea, and coffee.
Mr. CONNER, by unanimous conseut, intro- 1
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 393) repeal-
ing the duty on sugar, tea, and coffee; which
was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that from and ,
after the 1st day of January, 1871, the articles
of sugar, tea, and coffec shall be admitted free ,
of tax or import duty throughout the jurisdic- j
tion of the United States; and that all of said j
articles which, on said 1st day of January, 1871, I
may be in any bonded warehouse within the !
United States, upon which the import duty now 1
fixed by law has not been paid, shall be released 1
from said duty and declared free, as though J
imported subsequent to the 1st of January, !
1871" , |
Mr. CONNER. I ask unanimous consent j
that this joint resolution be acted upon now. i
Mr. SCHENCK. I object. I
Mr. CONNER. Then I move that it be j
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means. ]
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso- 1
lution was accordingly referred. '
FOREIGN-BUILT VESSELS.
Mr. REEVES, by unanimous consent, intro- j
duced a bill (H. It. No. 2440) admitting to |
registry in the ports of the United States cer- |
tain iron and composite foreign-built vessels ; '
which was read a first and second time, and ;
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means, j
soldiers' monument, youngstown, ohio, i
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio,, by unanimous '
consent, introduced a joint resolution (H. R. j
No. 392) granting condemned ordnance for a |
soldiers' monument at Youngstown, Ohio; J
which was read a first and second time, and !
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
•congressional globe.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to submit for action at this time
a resolution which I send to the Clerk.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Jietsolved, That the Committee on Printing be in-
structed to inquire whether the contract for print-
ing the Congressional Globe has been so eonstrued
as to permit two insertions of the President's annual
message and other executive documents; andt if
so, that said committee be directed to give notiee
to the contractors that but one such insertion will
be paid for.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That resolution
needs no explanation, and I trust the House
will pass it now.
No objection being made, the resolution was
adopted.
joseph ii. shce.
Mr. MILNES, by unanimous conseut, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2441) to remove the ;i
disabilities of Joseph H. Shue, of Rockingham Ij
county, Virginia; which was read a first and jl
second time, and referred to the select Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
franking privilege.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2442) for the abolition
of th§ franking privilege, and to provide for
the transmission of official documents and
other public matters; "which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
prevention op smuggling.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous eonsent. intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2443) to amend an act
entitled "An act further to prevent smuggling,''
approved July 18, 1866; which was read a first
and second,time-
Mr. POLAND. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on Revision of the
Laws of the United States, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would suggest that if
a subject of this kind is to be referred to the
Committee on Revision of the Laws, we may
send any question to that committee. I move
to amend the motion of the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] so as to refer the bill
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. POLAND. The section which is pro-
posed to be amended has nothing to do with
smuggling; it refers merely to the fees of dis-
trict attorneys.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then it should go to the
Committee on the Judiciary; and I move that
it be so referred.
Mr. POLAND. Very well, sir; if the gen-
tleman from Ohio thinks the Committee on the
Judiciary a better committee for the consider-
ation of this subject than the committee I have
suggested, I do not object.
Mr. SCHENCK. As the gentleman from
Vermont must understand, the scope of hi3
committee is so broad that we might send all
our legislation to that committee. I think,
however, that where bills embrace specific sub-
jects of legislation they should be referred to
the committees having charge of those particu-
lar subjects.
Mr. POLAND. If the gentleman from Ohio
thinks the Committee on Revision of the Laws
is not a suitable committee, let the bill go to
some other.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not wish to object to
the organization of that committee, because we
all know how thoroughly we trust in it. At the
same time I think that this matter, relating to
the fees of district attorneys, comes specifically
within the jurisdiction of the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, inasmuch as
this question has been agitated, I will say that
I have no care in reference to it so far as this
bill is concerned; but I do understand that
when this Committee on Revision of the Laws
was made a standing committee of the House it
was intended by the House and by the Com-
mittee on the Rules, who reported in favor of
making this a standing committee, that to some
extent it should have a concurrent jurisdiction
with the Judiciary Committee; that, in other
words, where a proposition to amend an exist-
ing law was strictly a legal matter it might as
properly go to the Committee on Revision of
the Laws as to the Judiciary Committee. Jt
the gentleman from Ohio has any choice in
reference to this particular bill, if he prefers
it should be examined by the Judiciary Com-
mittee rather than by the Committee on Revis-
ion of the Laws, I have no care about the
matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope, then, the gentle-
man will permit the bill to go to the Judiciary
Committee, as the subject conies specially
within their jurisdiction.
Mr. ALLISON. Let me inquire of tliegcn-
tlemanfrom Vermont whether the bill increases
the fees or reduces them ?
Mr. POLAND. It proposes that in certain
eases where there is no fee fixed by law the
court shall determine the amount to be paid.
Mr. ALLISON. I was about to suggest
that if the bill proposed a reduction of fees it
ought perhaps to go to the Committee on
Retrenchment.
TheSPEAKER. The pending motion isthat
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
to substitute the Judiciary Committee for the
Committee on Revision of the Laws.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not insist upon my
motion, if the Committee on the Judiciary do
not wish the reference I propose.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
withdraws his motion, and there being no ob-
jection, the bill is referred to the Committee
on Revision of the Laws.
telegraphic communication.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2144) tc
authorize and promote telegraphic communi-
cation between America, Asia, and Europe:
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. ■
harbor of new haven, connecticut.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2445) for the im-
provement of the harbor of New Haven, Con
necticut; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com
merce.
search of american vessels.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
hereby is, requested to transmit to this House a copy
of the correspondence between the Navy Department
and Rear Admiral Poor, from January to J urn-, IS?',
relating to the search of American vessels by tbc
Spanish authorities, including the correspondence
of the Spanish naval commanders, and any other
papers upon the same subject.
preemption laws.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2440) amendatory
of the preemption laws; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
public building in san francisco.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2447) making au
appropriation for a building in the city of San
Francisco, California; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
land titles ij? california.
Mr. SARGENT also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2448) amendatory
of an act entitled "An act to quiet land titles
in California," approved July 23, 1806; which
was read a first and second time, referred t'>
the Committee on the Public Lands, and, wish
an accompanying memorial, ordered to be
printed.
john schmidt.
Mr. WILKINSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. II. No. 2449) granting: a
pension to John Schmidt,; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
