1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
853
laws he can enter only one hundred and sixty-
acres.
Mr. KELSEY. Can he not-purchase it?
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir. There is no
method whatever- by which he can obtain this
land, except that provided by this bill. The
land is not open to private entry. It has never
been surveyed or offered. The bill is not
offered on the theory that we ought to give a
bounty to the enterprise. I do not say that \ye
ought to give bounties to start enterprises like
this. But I do say that we ought to offer at
least such protection as is given by affording
(his man the opportunity to buy the land cov-
ered by his improvements.
Mr. COX. Why does not the gentleman
bring in a bill to raise the tariff on tea, and give
this man protection in that way?
Mr. SARGENT. If tea culture can be suc-
cessfully introduced in this country, and this
experiment shows that it can be, we shall have
a valuable aid in keeping up onr balance of
exchanges with the restof the world. Millions
of our gold, and especially silver, are drained
off to the oriental nations in exchange for tea,
silks, &c., where they sink as sink the waters
of the Humboldt in the sands. Taxes on tea
and coffee are levied only for revenue, not for
protection, and I do not think this experiment
would be affected by their repeal. Tea is so
delicate that its aroma is hurt by a sea voyage,
and if the foot-hiils of California, with their
beautiful skies, equable temperature, and
long, dry summers, are adapted to tea pro-
duction, there is room enough there for us to
supply this whole continent; and perhaps we
may oust China and Japan from their monop-
oly in the other markets of the world.
Mr. JULIAN. I am not objecting to this
bill; but I want to remind the gentleman that
he united wilh me in voting for a bill which
passed this House, providing that no man
shall be allowed to buy of the public lands fit
for tillage more than one hundred and sixty
acres.
Mr. SARGENT. Exactly. I am opposed
to all schemes by which speculators are en-
abled to seize tens of thousands of acres of.the
public lands. But where experiments have
been made which show that articles of great '
value can be successfully cultivated, and those ,
experiments must be broken up unless some |
such measure of relief as this is granted, I
think, and I would so suggest to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Julias,] that it is ■
equitable that such exceptions should be made. •
One \^>rd further. Silk-raising is a grow- i
ing industry in California. We were ship- .
ping hundreds of ounces of silk-worm eggs to .
Prance before the Franco-Prussian war. Our i
silk has been displayed here in a beautiful flag j
presented by a citizen of my State to Congress, j
If the new kind of silk-worm to which I have j
refeiTed as introduced by Mr. Schnell, which
feeds on the white oak, is a success, and I
understand the experiments have favorable
results, a wide and superior field of industry
is opened to our citizens. I call attention to
the other articles which I have named, all
novel and valuable. We give millions of acres
away for every kind of purpose. Shall we not
sell a single section to promote great indus-
tries and valuable experiments? Shall we
refuse in a case like this, where refusal ship-
wrecks useful enterprise? Again I say this is
no land grant, but a land sale in a very limited
quantity for a purpose that may be fraught
with the highest benefits to my own State and
the whole country, and which in case of entire
failure can have no serious consequences except j
to the projector.
Let mo be fully understood. The bad feature
of the ease for Mr. Schnell is that all his fields
and plants are on nnsurveyed public lands and
attbe mercy of any trespasser or any rival set-
tler who may enter on his land, when he can
no longer hold it. He has no title; has only
possession ; and when the time comes for him
to secure the fee to the land which his intelli-
gent efforts, labor, and money have made so
valuable gentlemen can imagine the ccfnditios
in iwhich he will be. Until the survey I think
our State courts would protect him under
State possessory laws, but their power fails
after survey. I believe his original possession
grew out of donation by the citizens of El
Dorado county of their possessory rights or
else by his purchase of such rights. What I
ask is that this bill be passed, protecting him
in his possession, and that he be allowed to
pay the proper price for his lands according
to their existing lines, as a slight recognition
and reward for his praiseworthy efforts.
Ihe SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction of this bill for consideration at
this time?
Mr. COX. I will withdraw my objection if
I can be allowed to introduce a matter of great
interest to my constituents.
The SPEAKER. An objection cannot be
made coupled with a condition.
Mr. COX. Then I will withdraw my con-
dition.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 2909) to enable J. H. Schnell, of Cali-
fornia, to enter and pay for a section of the
public lands in California for his tea colony
was received, and read a first and second time.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. SARGENT rtioved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OATH OF OFFICE.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to have taken from the
Speaker's table, and referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction, Senate bill No. 218, pre-
scribing an oath of office to be taken by persons
who participated in the late rebellion, but who
are not disqualified from holding office by the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. RANDALL. Why not pass it now ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I prefer j
that it shall be referred. j
No objection being made, the bill was taken j
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second j
time, and referred to the select Committee on j
Reconstruction. 1
HOMESTEADS FOE SOLDIERS, SAILORS, ETC.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I call for the regular j
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being called for, the morning hour now
begins, at twenty-seven minutes before one
o'clock. The pending business in the morning
hour is the bill (H. It. No. 2797) to enable
honorably-discharged soldiers and sailors, their
widows and orphan children, to acquire home-
steads on the public lands of the United States,
which bill comes over from the morning hour
of Thursday last, and on which the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Hawlet] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HAWLEY. Mr. Speaker, before enter-
ing upon a. discussion of the merits of the
pending bill and amendments, I desire to
notice the charges so freely made of late by
gentlemen upon the other side of this Hall,
wherein they charge the Republican party
with giving away the public lands to railroad
and other corporations. They have, too, all
of a sudden, become the champions of the
soldiers aud of the homestead law. It seems
to me, sir, in view of the facts of history that
it would better become the gentlemen upon
the other side to be less load in their declama-
tion upon these subjects. Our memories are
not so short that we have forgotten that they
inaugurated and pursued for ten'years the pol-
icy of land grants to railroads, and during that
period made many more grants of that char-
acter than have since been made during the
administration of the Republican party, if we
exclude the grants to the great trunk lines to
the Pacific. Notwithstanding their loud dec-
lamation in favor of the rights of labor and
of the poor men of the country, they never,
daring all the long years of their power, passed
or attempted to pass a homestead law giving
to the poor men of the country a farm if they
would only occupy it. Instead of giving the
territory of the great West to free labor, under
the provisions of a wise and liberal homestead
law, they, as- a party, solemnly declared that
slavery and slave labor were alike lawful in all
the territory of the United States. And when
the Republican party by its vote declared that
the Territories should be seeured to free labor,
and free labor only, the advocates of slavery
made war upon the Government.
The Republican party not only secured the
Territories to free labor, but almost, imme-
diately upon its accession to power it passed
the homestead law for the purpose of securing
to the actual settler, and to him only, the right
to the soil. Mr. Speaker, it was a noble act,
and worthy of the great Republican party, and
wrll stand side by side in history with the proc-
lamation of emancipation.
The Democratic party can never win the
confidence of the soldiers. It may profess
much love for them, as it is now doing, bat
the soldiers will not trust it. They have not
forgotten the action of that party during the
war, and they are not now prepared to believe
that those who were their enemies then are
their best friends now. The soldiers know
full well that the homestead law, and also their
pensions and bounties, were all the work of
the Republican party.
Mr. Speaker, this is not the first time the
proposition has been made to give to the sol-
diers of the late war a land bounty. The
proposition has been advanced at different
times, but has never received sufficient sup-
port in Congress to secure the passage of a law
for that purpose. A land bounty was granted
to the soldiers of the Revolution, to the sol-
diers oftbe war of 1812, and to those engaged
in the Mexican war. But notwithstanding the
fact that such a policy has prevailed hereto-
fore, I think it easily susceptible of demon-
stration that it is now and always has been a
vicious and injurious one. As appears from
the official records, there has been granted as
bounties to the soldiers of all wars since the
foundation of the Government the amount of
73,463,961 acres oftbe public lands.
When the various laws were passed granting
bounty lands to soldiers ihe homestead law
was not in existence, and perhaps was not
thought of. When the bounty laws were en-
acted the only policy of the Government in
relation to the public domain was that of sale
at a fixed price. Now, however, the law is
entirely different. Congress, guided by the
dictates of true wisdom, actuated by a patri-
otic desire to adopt the best system, after an
experience of more than seventy years, passed
in 1862 the homestead law, the wisdom of
which has been demonstrated by subsequent
experience. Under its wise provisions every
citizen who will settle upon and occupy one
hundred and sixty acres of the public lands
for the period of five years is entitled to a
patent for such tract, of land.
A land-bounty law is therefore not a boon to
the soldier, enablinghim to take up and occupy
one hundred and sixty acres of the public do-
wain as a home, for that right he now has under
the provisions of the homestead law. The only
effect, therefore, of such a law would be to place
upon the market the warrants issued under it,
to be sold for such price as they would bring.
This would be of but little advantage to the sol-
dier, and would be followed by the most serious
consequences to the eountry. It would be of
but little advantage to the soldier for . the rea-
son that the lands wonld be bought up by spec-
ulators at a very low price, to be held at a
