28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
President's annual message, and had direqted
him to report certain resolutions to the House.
The resolutions reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole were then adopted.
Mr. STILES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
COMMITTEE ON UECONSTItUCTION.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to yield to me for a moment, that I
may offer a resolution.
Mr. STILES. I shall yield to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Cox,] but to no-
body else.
Mr. COX. I desire to offer the following
resolution :
Whereas it is desirable to preserve the unity of
the Republic and the harmony of this House: There-
Itiaolecd. That tha resolution creating the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction be, and thesameis hereby,
rescinded, and the committee are hereby forever
discharged.
Mr. KELSBY. I object.
The motion of Mr. Stiles was agreed to ;
and accordingly (at three o'clock and fifteen
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petition's.
The followingpetitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees:
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of Mrs.
Hannah Gray, widow of Thomas Gray, com-
pany F, eleventh regiment Tennessee cavalry
volunteers, praying for a pension.
By Mr. SARGENT: The petition of Hiram
Lush, for compensation for injury caused by
Indians in Dakota Territory.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of
John T. Watson, and accompanying papers.
By Mr. UPSON : The petition of J. C. De
Lamater and 21 others, soldiers of the war
of 1812, for a law granting pensions to the
soldiers of said war.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 7, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J, P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
Hon. Thomas P. Bayard, of Delaware, and
Hon. William T. Hamilton', of Maryland,
appeared in their seats to-day.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of July 12, 1870, information
in relation to ice claim of Reynolds and
Brown, for bricks furnished the United States
at Natchez, Mississippi, in 1863; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury, communicat-
ing, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 6th instant, copies of the regu-
lations prescribed by him for the transporta-
tion of goods in bond from foreign countries
through the United States to Canada; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
i'etitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the
memorial of Andrew B. Tinney and others,
a committee appointed at a mass meeting of
citizens of Washington and Georgetown, held
to consider the present condition and future
prospects of the colored schools of those cities,
praying for certain changes in the legislation
on the subject j which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also pie.-ented the memorial of Alfred
Jones, late a trustee and treasurer of the
board of trustees of colored schools of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, praying to be allowed
to present, for the full information of the Sen-
ate, his accounts as treasurer, with all the
papers, to accompany any report of the pres-
ent board; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, Ipresent
the memorial of various claimants, represented j
by one, of the awards made by a mixed commis-
sion between this country and Venezuela, and
I ask that, it lie on the table, to be referred to
the Committee on Foreign _Relations when
that committee shall be appointed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. CONKLING also presented the petition
of Mrs. Mary B. Collins, widow of the late
Captain Charles O. Collins, of the fourth Uni-
ted States artillery, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FENTON. I present the petition of
Abraham Morrell, praying for the payment of
the difference between the value of coin and
currency on $10,782, paid to him by the Treas-
ury Department, and also for the payment of
three bonds, payable to his order, and erron-
eously paid to another person by that Depart-
ment. I ask that it lie on the table, to be
referred, when committees shall be announced,
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will make a memorandum of that request. The
petition will lie on the table for the present.
Mr. RICE presented the petition of E. C. ■
Strong, of Breathitt county, Kentucky, pray- ;
ing the removal of his political disabilities : ■
which was ordered to lie on the table. j
Mr. FOWLER presented the memorial of j
WarrenMoore, praying compensation forprop- .
erty taken from him at Nashville, Tennessee, '
by the engineer branch of the Army ; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of William
Broaddus, praying compensation for property
taken from him in Madison county, Kentucky,
for the use of the Army; -which was ordered to
lie on the table.   _ I
Mr. ANTHONY. I present the petition of j
Andrew Hayes, a colored man of Georgia, set-
ting forth that he served in the war of 1812,
and was wounded, but by reason of his servile
condition has received no pension or bounty
land, and asking to be placed on the same
footing with other soldiers who served in that
war.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
lie on the table for the present, until the com-
mittees shall be appointed.
Mr. PRATT. I presentthe petition of Daniel
Biggs, a soldier of the war of 1812, now upward
of seventy-six years of age, infirm and in the
poor asylum of Warren county, Indiana, accom-
panied by affidavits of Mahala Biggs and Reu-
ben Biggs. The petition prays for a pension,
I move that for the present it lie on the table,
until the Committee on Pensions shall be organ-
ized.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
lie on the table.
bills introduced.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1085) to amend section twenty-
nine of an act entitled "An act to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States;" which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1086) to incorporate the Washington City
Dime Savings-Bank of the District of Colum-
bia: which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, attd be printed.
Mr. CONKLING- asked, ana by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1087) granting a pension to Mary B. Col-
lins: which was read twice by its title, and
ordered'to lie on the table, and be arinted.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1088) to encourage and promote telegraphic
communication between America, Asia, and
Europe; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, in intro-
ducing this bill I beg to say that I do not intro-
duce it without having read it. It is not a bill
which I prepared myself, and 1 introduce it
without in any sense committing myself to it,
but by the request of those who are interested.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator ask to
have it printed?
Mr. CONKLING. I did not so ask. I
move that it lie on the table, to go to the Com-
mittee on Post Officcs and Post lloads when
organized.
Mr. SUMNER. As there are several bills
on the same subject, I think this bhould be
printed.
Mr. CONKLING. At the Senator's sug-
gestion I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNEBasked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1089) to secure wages to seamen in case of
wreck ; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have that
bill printed, and at the proper time I will
move its reference to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Secretary
will note the committee to which the Senator
desires it referred, and it will be ordered to be
printed and lie on the table for the present.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
! 1090) to create the southern judicial disiiict
' of California; which was read twice b? its tide.
; and ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
| Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
; sent obtained, leave to introduce a biil (S. No.
| 1091) granting a pension to Daniel Biggs, a sol
dier of the war of 1812 ; which was read twkf
by its title, and ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso
lution (S. R. No. 258) to secure eligibility to
American ships for foreign trade, and to en
courage ship-building in the United States:
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
the calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are now in order. If there be no Senate
resolutions, the Senate resumes the considera-
tion of the resolution offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony] pending
ij at theadjournmentyesterday. The Secretary
;j wi'l report the resolution.
|| The Secretary read the resolution, as mocli-
I fied, as follows :
! ( '
Eetolved, That on Monday next, at one o'clock,
the Senate will proceed to the consideration of the
Calendar, and bills that are not objected to shall be
taken up in their order; and each Senator shall be
entitled to speak onee, and for five minutes only, on
each question; and this order shall bo enforced daily
at one o'clock till the«end of the Calendar is reached.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the
resolution by adding the words "unless upon
motion the Senate should at any time otherwise
order."
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 accept that amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. So that the Senate may
at anytime suspend this order in cose they
should deem it necessary to proceed with other
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island accepts the amendment, and the
question is on agreeing to the resolution as
amended.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
>j Mr. SHERMAN. As there appears to be
II no business before the Senate, I move that the
