1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
nothing less. As a result, a large portion of the
national lands it ill pass immediately into the hand3
of land speculators. TheefFectwould be little worse
if the Land Office were to tender certificates to all
applicants. The most available sections of the pub-
lic domain would become a3 without title, the settle-
ment of the great West would be retarded, and a field
of litigation opened up for the future courts of this
territory which would have no end. Tho case is not
fn unfair one. The gift of land would be immense.
:ut an exceedingly limited proportion of our cora-
rades would desire settlement, and a large majority
would immediately place their claims on the market. !
Especially would the claims of the colored soldier j
become the immediate prey of the speculator." !
Mr. HAWLEY. Such, sir, is the language J
of that paper, published in this city under date
of December 31, 1870. I do not say we have
done all for the soldier that we ought to do; !
for I believe we have not. We ought to equalize I
the bounties paid under different laws hereto- I
fore enacted, and this House has more than j
once passed bills for that purpose. One such I
has passed the House since I have been a j
member of it, and received my vote. j
Sir, the magnitude of the measure proposed i
ought surely to challenge our most careful and
serious consideration. We ought to bring to
its consideration our best and most mature
judgment, and, so far as we can be guided by
the lights of the past, look steadily into the
future. That is a short sighted policy which
looks only at the present, even in personal
affairs. Much more 1s it- true in national
affairs.
Especially should we look into the far future
when legislating in reference to the public
domain. By a wise system of legislation in
its disposition we may bless and make happy
many millions of our countrymen and add
almost without limit to our national growth
and prosperity. One great source of national
growth and national prosperity in the past has
been from immigration. Millions ofthestrong,
energetic laboring classes have come to us from
the countries of Europe to become citizens
here and to make their homes among ns. No
one consideration can be so strong to draw
them to our shores as our liberal laws in rela-
tion to the public domain. In the countries
of their birth they are mere tenants or day-
laborers. When arrived among us they have
but to declare their intention to become citi-
zens of the United States and they are enti-
tled at once to settle upon and take as a home-
stead one hundred and sixty acres of the public
lands, and at the end of five years receive from
the Government a patent conveying to them
the absolute title.
Millions of acres are taken up as homesteads
every year by this very class. Many thousands
of our best and most enterprising citizens are
going to the West every year to avail them-
selves of the homestead laws. During the last
year more than sixty thousand homesteads
were taken up. The homestead policy is the
only true one for disposing of the public lands.
It is a wise and just measure, inaugurated by
th  Republican party for the purpose of secur-
ing to the actual settler a home without money
and without price. The homestead policy has
received the universal approbation of all good
citizens, and if strictly pursued will surely
result in the greatest good to the people of the
new States and Territories, and to the nation
at large. The tendency of capital everywhere
is to consolidate. This is manifest in all the
business and employments of life. And it is
true as well in regard to the ownership of the
soil as in regard to the ownership and control
of railroads.
In England, with her large population, there
are but thirty thousand land-owners, and the
great body of the lands is owned by less than
twelve thousand persons. This tendency to
land monopoly is constantly increasing in the
States of this Qnion. Not only does it appear
in the States of the West, where in many
cases a single person owns many thousands
of acres, but the tendency is constantly
increasing in the older States. The large
land-owners and men of wealth are gradually
crowding out the small owners, and adding
these smaller tracts to their already extended
possessions. Now the wisdom of the home-
stead policy is seen in the fact that it allows
none bat actual settlers to take up the lands,
and confines them to one hundred and sixty
acres each. By this means a monopoly is
prevented, and homes for the millions are
provided.
In this country, as in all others, there.is a
constant struggle between capital and labor.
Capital is ever grasping and ever upon the
alert to add to its already acquired gains at
the expense of labor. Upon the other hand,
labor is as constantly and as steadily seeking
to wrest from capital its just rights. The tend-
ency everywhere is for the rich to become
richer and the poor poorer. Capital is power-
ful and sleepless in its vigilance. In our own
country we see capital concentrating and com-
bining to control not only labor, but also to
control legislation and the machinery of gov-
ernment. While we should not by our legis-
lation seek to cripple or control the proper
investment of capital, it is our duty, and one
which we cannot escape, to protect, foster,
and encourage the labor of the country. To
adhere steadily to the homestead policy will
secure the whole of the public domain to the
labor of the country and to the men of limited
means. It will afford a constant stimulant to
that class to occupy the public domain for the
purpose of improving their condition, and"
thereby add immeasurably to the wealth and
strength of the country. Every man who
believes in the virtue of a republican form of
government must favor the policy of dividing
the ownership and occupancy of the soil among
the many rather than among the few.
Nq class of citizens are so happy and so in-
dependent as those who own and cultivate the
soil, and almost every man of limited means
who earns his bread by the sweat of his' face
lives and labors on in the hope that at some
future day he may have a farm of his own,
where he may live in a degree of independence
such as no other class of the community can
enjoy. The desire in some degree to acquire
property and to have a spot which we may call
home', and which shall be all our own, may be
said to be a law of our nature. It is this desire
which has -led that great army of pioneers to
enter upon and occupy the broad prairies of
the West with such wonderful rapidity in the
years of the past, and which, from year to year,
increases the never-ceasing flow ofemigration to
that section of our country. Shall we encour-
age that emigration, or shall we by our legisla-
tion retard and check it? That it is in our
power to do the one or the other, as we will,
to me seems most manifest. To adopt the
bounty policy proposed by many will as surely
retard the settlement of the great Westas would
the withdrawal by Government of the public
lands from sale or settlement. Continue the
homestead policy, and with each passing year
it will become more popular and its advantages
more appreciated, and the public lands will be
settled with still increasing rapidity. It opens
wide a door of escape from poverty to every
poor or unfortunate man in our land—a door
which will-stand wide open for Mm as long as
the public lands remain.
We should, so far as we properly and legiti-
mately may, open and extend the avenues of
labor, that the toil of the millions may at all
times rcceive the just and proper wages of
labor. How shall we better do this than by
securing to every citizen the right to a home-
stead out of the public domain? Under such
a beneficent system the public lands will rap-
idly be settled by a thrifty, intelligent, and
happy people; labor will be rewarded, the
great West will be rapidly filled up; millions
of hearts will be made happy and prosperous,
and strong and powerful communities aud
States will be built up to become bulwarks of
strength to the nation in the years to come.
Mr. Speaker, having said thus much upon
the general policy of land bounties, I desire to
call attention to a provision in this bill, as
reported by the. committee, and to demon-
strate if I can its fallacy. The first section of
the bill contains this proviso :
And provided further. That any homestead settler
as aforesaid may assign his homestead certificate
within twelve months from the date thereof to any
citizen of the United States over twenty-one years
of age, or per3on who has declared his intention to
become sueh, who has not previously availed him-
self of the benefits of the homestead or preemption
laws, and said assignee shall succeed to all the rights
of the said homestead settler; but no such assignor
of a homestead certificate shall thereafter have the
right to avail himself of the benefitof this"act or the
acts heretofore passed granting homesteads to actual
settlers.
Let us gee now what it proposes to do for
the soldier and what benefit he is to derive
from it. It is provided, as you will see, "that
any homestead settler may assign his home-
stead certificate within twelve months from the
date thereof;" and then the further provision
that "no such assignor of a homestead certifi-
cate shall thereafter have the right to avail
himself of the benefits of this act er the acts
heretofore passed granting homesteads to ac-
tual settlers." To avail himself of the bene-
fits of these provisions of the act the soldier
must locate his homestead, and must also within
one year thereafter sell or assign such right.
If lie does not wish to sell, why the act, for the
law now gives him a homestead for simply set-
tling upon the land. To gain any benefit, there-
fore, from this act he is tq sell within a year ;
and when he has done that, he has exhausted
all his right under the homestead law. He can-
not thereafter take up any more land under
its*provisions. What, then, will be the effect
of such a law ? It can work no positive good
and will work much positive wrong. The sol-
dier for his one year's settlement can gain noth-
ing of value, and if he sells, his right to a
homestead in the public domain is gone forever.
Thegeutleman from Michigan [Mr. Stocgh-
tox] who reports this bill from the committee,
in hisspeech in supportof it used this language:
" xhe provision contained in the twenty-fifth sec-
tion of the act of July 15,1870, authorizing honorably
discharged soldiers to enter one hundred and sixty
acres of reserved railroad lands instead of eighty
acres neither met the expectations of the public nor
the reasonable demands of the soldiers. Scarcely
one in ten thousand could take advantage of it. It
would seem to be a plain matter of justice that Con-
gress should adopt some uniform measure in which
all can participate."
It will be seen that the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Stoughton] is very much dis-
satisfied with the law of last July_j because, as
he says, " scarcely one in ten thousand could
take advantage of it.'' And yet, Mr. Speaker,
that law gave to every honorably discharged
soldier or sailor one hundred and sixty acres
of land as a homestead within any of the land
grants heretofore made by Congress to railroad
companies, and the gentleman says that not
one in ten thousand will be benefited by the
law. Why will they not be benefited ? Mani-
festly, in the view of the gentleman, simply
because, as he says, not one in ten thousand
of the class sought to be benefited desires to
settle upon them.
With this confession upon his part he now
advocates a bill which authorizes a soldier to
sell his homestead after he has located it, but
compelling him, if he would sell it at all, to
sell it within one year after location, and advo-
cates such a measure as a "uniform measure
in which all can participate." Wherein, I
should like to know, is that "uniformity" to
be found that is in any way to benefit the sol-
diers who do not locate their homesteads ?
Sir, it is not to be found in the bil}. It must
be seen by every gentleman who has read the
bill with care and given attention to the dis-
cussion upon it that it will be of no advan-
tage whatever to the soldier who does not
locate his homestead, because it does not in
any way apply to him; and so far as it applies
to the soldier who does locate his home-
stead it requires him to sell or assign within
a year, if at all; thus being of no substantial
