THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7.
say that I, as a member of Congress, in com-
mon with the entire delegation from the Pacific
coast., have worked to obtain the establishment
of a free-delivery system in that city ; butgreat
difficulty was experienced in obtaining proper
persons to act as carriers. The greenbacks, in
which these men are paid, being snbject to a
discount of from ten to twelve per cent., accord-
ing to the difference between gold and green-
backs, that takes so much, in fact, from their
real-compensation. And I say here that you
cannot in San Francisco obtain competent
persons for these places if yon pay them but
$800 a year in greenbacks. Even if they
could be obtained for that sum they ought not
to be so employed, because they coald not
support their families properly and be able to
lay by a small pittance for the future. We cer-
tainly do not wish to employ anybody at saeh
low wages that they shall not be able to save
a dime. The Government should not set the
evil example of employing any person at merely
living wages. Good pay and good work is good
morality. Starvation prices lead us into tempt-
ation, east a gloomy shadow over the poor
man's home, cloud the promise of his future,
and take from him the hope of brighter days
to come.
Mr. FARNSVVORTH. As the Postmaster
General ha3 had for the las; four years the dis-
cretion to pay an additional sum to these letter-
carriers, why does he make the excuse that he
could not pay them enough?
Mr. AX TliLL. That is a question very hard
to answer, i am afraid it was because they
considered San Francisco an outside city until
the gentleman himself, and other gentlemen
of this House, went there and took some inter-
est in its affairs. 1 hope that, as the gentleman
has seen the city of San Francisco, and knows
how extensive it is—1 do not mean particularly
in regard to the number of its inhabitants, but
its territorial extent—he will not object to the
poor people there being allowed to have their
letters delivered to them free, instead of being
compelled to walk for three or four miles to
the post office, and waiting there perhaps for
hours before they can get tiieir letters. Time
with the laboring poor is emphatically money.
In cities where they work by the day and by the
hour they are unable to lose even the time to
walk to the post office during business hoars
and be able to earn enough to pay their rent
and support their families. If we do not desire
to deprive them of the blessings of the post
office let us not close the deliveiy system.
I hope we shall not crush this infant system,
which is doing so much good in San Francisco—
a system under which a discretion is allowed
so that men may be employed at, wages on
which they can support a lamilv decently, and,
perhaps, by economy lay by a iittle money. 1
do not say that a man could not exist upon a
crust and live in a garret o:i an annual salary of
§800; but I do sav it is no compensation for a
proper man. I do not want to see the wages
of Government employes cut down to the very
lowest figure. *1 do not wish to go over the
old argument, that in the work of retrenchment
we stiould commence with the higher officers
and cut down first the big salaries. But let
us not commence with these poor laboring
men who travel night and day in carrying let-
ters ; let us not cut them down to pay on which
they cannot save something over and above a
decent living for the rainy day and dark night
which come too frequently on the lives of all
the laboring poor.
The question beingtaken on the amendment,
it was not agreed to.
Air. COX. I move to amend the psnding sec-
tion by striking out '•§1,00;),"' and inserting
•lSl,2U0." Ilns matter was somewhat dis-
cussed by gentlemen of this House during
the last session: and in support of my amend-
ment, which I hone will De adopted, I will
state, what has been confirmed by subse-
quent observation, Unit the letter-carriers in
the larger cities, including San Francisco,
l f
New York, Philadelphia, Chicago, &c.j are
the worst-paid employes under this Govern-
ment. They are compelled as we argued last
year to buy their own uniforms. They wear
out a good many pairs of shoes during the year.
They work fourteen hours of each day when
everybody is discussing the eight-hour rule for
other employes. It was shown last session by
gentlemen on this floor that by the operation
of this letter-carrier system the correspondence
of the country has been greatly increased and
the receipts of the Post Office Department
largely enhanced. The only objection made
at the last session to the increase of the salaries
of these letter-carrier's in view of the great work
which they do in our larger cities, was that they
are too well paid in some of the smaller cities,
cities of twenty and thirty thousand inhabitants,
where there is but little work to be done. But
in the larger cities they are not so well oaid.
It was stated by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Jcdd] that in his own State alone $180,000
is paid by the cities beyond the amount paid by
the State generally. Hence it was justly urged
that the cities should have some consideration,
in view of the additional labor put upon the
carriers there.
I hope that now. when we are making a new
code for the Post Office Department, we shall
be at least just to the employes of the Gov-
ernment. When the amendments were offered
last year to the appropriation bill it was thought
by many gentlemen that they were not in order,
as they proposed to change existing laws.
Let us now make a just lawjor these em-
ployes of the Government. Since the last
session I have conversed with many of these
carriers. I know the work which they do in
summer and in winter—a ceaseless work, for
in some of the cities they make five deliveries
daily. Their pay is altogether inadequate and
unjust in comparison with other salaries. We
pay our first-class clerks in the Departments
at Washington $1,200 a year, and we pay
some §1,400 to the inspectors in our custom-
houses; yet they do not do one half the work
which is performed by these letter-carriers in
our larger cities. As a matter of mere justice
and economy, in the largest and best sense, 1
hope this amendment will prevail. Twelve
hundred dollars was the amount which at the
last session was proposed by my friend from
Philadelphia [Mr. Myers] as the compensa-
tion for the letter-carriers in the large cities;
and I think, in justice to our constituents, we
should ask the House to reconsider its action
on that question ana fix the amount at $1,200.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, I should not \
desire to renew tho discussion in regard to the j
pay of letter-carriers at this time but that it j
seems to arise appropriately upon the present j
bill. The section following that now under dis- i
eussion proposes to reenact the provision of j
law already in existence, that the Postmaster ,
General may prescribe a uniform to be worn j
by the letter-carriers. In the year 18G4 the 1
free-delivery system was inaugurated. In the
year 1868 we passed a supplement, in which,
for the first time, we directed, what is repeated
in the next section of this bill, that the Post-
master General may prescribe this uniform.
Neither the House itself thought, in my belief,
nor the Postmaster General, nor the carriers
themselves, that the money for these uniforms
was to be taken off the salaries allowed by law
; to the letter-carriers. Yet, sir, in the face of
this general belief, the Postmaster General,
I probably under the law; that is, under a strict
: and hard construction of it, issued two orders,
I one of them on July 27,1868, directing that a
i summer uniform should be bought by the let-
i ter-carriers, and the other in October, 1868,
: requiring a winter uniform for them. To be
j brief, the money for these uniforms is deducted
: from their pay, so that the money which in
I 1864 we directed should be paid to these men
has been, without the intention of the law-
, making power, however it may have blundered
I in the framing of the law—a blunder I do not
propose we shall repeat j this money, I say, lias
been taken off the salaries given to them. Wo
Bhould now do one of two things for these men,
either put up their salaries to §1,200, or such
sum above $1,000 as in the estimation of the
Postmaster General will compensate them, or
direct that these uniforms shall be paid for by
the Government.
In my judgment, Mr. Speaker, the payment
for these uniforms is but simple justice. It
is but restoring these letter-carriers to their
rights, so far as wa can. Many have passed
away; many have died from severe exposure ;
many have resigned, from the arduous duties
imposed on them; but, at least for the future,
let us do justice to the letter-carriers by pro-
viding that if they are to wear a uniform it
shall be paid for by the Government. Accord-
ing to the excellent doctrine that the laborer
is worthy of his hire, those who are found by
postmasters to be competent earn $1,200 a
year in the larger cities, where the deliveries
are frequent and expenses heavier.
Mr. SCOFIELD. With all the disadvan-
tages these men labor under, is the Depart-
ment still able to procure competent men at
the present pay?
Mr. MYERS. I am glad to answer that
again. It is the same old song. Can you not
get men who are starving to work for the Gov-
ernment in the hope that their pay may be
increased? Can you not get human beings to
fill these positions? Yes, you can. Certainly,
men in great need may be obtained to fill almost
any position.
Mr. SCOFIELD. My friend will see that
he has not answered my question.
Mr. MYERS. In reply to the gentleman,
I desire to have read an extract from the
annual report of the worthy Treasurer of the
United States, handed to me by my colleague,
[Mr. O'Neill.]
The Clerk read as follows :
"Christian legislators would do we'll to remember
the command, 'Thou shalt not muzzle the mouth of
the ox that treadeth out the corn.' and that other
precept, 'The laborer is worthy of his hire;' and
rhey ought, when they hear of defalcations, etube;-
zlemsnts, and other wrong-doings on the part oi
poor wretches ot' public officers aod clerks, inquiie
whether the 'hire' allowed them by existing law wa->
sufficient for the decent support of their families
and if not, whether the responsibility of the crime
did not, in part at least, rest upon those who with-
held a reasonable compensation for services rendered
theGovernment. The whole theory of low aod inade-
quate salaries is demoralizing to the last degree. It
is said, 'Let those who are not satisfied with thepres-
entpay resign. There are plenty of others who would
be glad to take their places.' True ; and if the new
ones should happen to be honest, the*, too, ii* their
turn, would be obliged to resign, to m-ike room torstii I
others to iearn alike experience. There are plenty
of persons in the land, some of whom are still out-
side of a State prison, who would be glad to fill ail
thepubiicoffices withoutanypay, and who wouldpay
the Government a large bonus for their possession.
If this evil is not corrected the time will soon come,
if it is not already upon us, when none but rich men
or thieves will be able to hold any public office. Are
the masses of our people who are honest, and who
desire that justice should be done by asweil as io the
Government, prepared for such a state of things?"
Mr. MYERS. It is time, Mr, Speaker, to
cease this trifling. I am in favor of a ju.st
economy, but I will not consent to do injustice
under the pretense of saving to the Government
what rightfully belongs to those who are faith-
fully doing its labor.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSVVORTH. I should like to
inquire what the question is.
Mr. COX. My amendment is to strike out
$1,000 and insert $1,200, which leaves it dis-
cretionary with the Postmaster General to fix
that sum, leaving the minimum as it is now.
Mr. FARNSVVORTH. I understand. The
question, then, ison the proposition of tbegen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Cox,] that the
discretion of the Postmaster General may he
enlarged, so that he may increase the salary to
§1.200. This bill provides a salary of $800,
and puts it within the discretion of the Post-
master General to increase it to SI,000. The
danger is that the Postmaster General will
exercise whatever discretion is allowed him.
