1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
The next amendment was to strike out. on page
41, section one hundred and two, as follows:
Sec. 102. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General may provide by regulation for the
delivery by letter-carriers of small packets not
going through the mail, and not exceeding four
pounds in weight; but such packages shall be pre-
paid by postage stamps at the rate of two cents for
every four ounces or traction thereof.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
give a reason for repealing this provision of
law ? It seems to me that this is a very con-
venient arrangement in some localities for the
carrying of small packages. Unless somerea-
son can be given for changing the law, I think
this section had better be allowed to stand.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. It is provided for in
another portion of the bill. The committee
found it unnecessary to have the provision made
at this place, as it is covered by other provis-
ions of the bill. We make no change of the
law in that respect.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
In section one hundred and fifty strike out the
words "and any such letters or circulars shall be
detained by the postmaster at the office of mailing
or delivery, and disposed of under the, instructions
of the Postmaster Generalso that it will read:
sec. 150. And be U further enaeted. That it shall
not be lawful to convey by mail, nor to deposit in a
post office, to be sent by mail, any letters or circulars
concerning lotteries, so-called gift concerts, or other
similar enterprises offering prizes, or concerning
schemes devised and intended to deceive and defraud
the public for the purpose of obtaining money under
false pretenses.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish to call
the attention of the House to the closing por-
tion of this section. The object of the com-
mittee is a good one, and that is, to stop the
conveyance through the mails of the circulars
of gift enterprises and other schemes designed
and. intended to defraud the public, or for the
purpose of obtaining money under false pre-
tenses. So far the section is all right. It should
not be lawful to convey such matter through
the mails ; but,, beyond that, there is a provis-
ion of the most dangerous character, and one
which, in exciting times, would be liable to
the greatest abuse, and is the one clothing the
Postmasler General with the power to detain
any such letters or circulars. Now, under that
section it is in the power of the Postmaster
General, or of his subordinates, if they are dis-
posed so to do, to pry into the correspondence
of any person whatever whom he may deem
suspicious. He has authority indirectly, if not
directly, to spy upon the correspondence of any
person. I need not dwell, in a country like
this, on the danger of investing such a power
in the hands of any public officer. I trust the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads will unite with me in so amend-
ing this section as to prohibit this objectionable
use of the mails, without the feature to which
I have referred. If he deems a provision of
this kind necessary let him provide a fine of
from five hundred to a thousand dollars for
the use of the mails in this way, that penalty to
be imposed either in the Federal or in the
State courts.
But I call the attention of the House to the
dangerous power here attempted to be con-
ferred. It is, sir, a power which, when as-
sumed by an English minister, almost led to
a political revolution, and did, in fact., lead to
a change in ministry. It is, sir, a power which
ought never to be granted by the Congress of
the United States to the Postmaster General,
or to any of his innumerable subordinates.
It would, sir, expose the correspondence of
the people to a scrutiny and espionage of a
most dangerous character; and I trust that my
amendment will prevail.
The Question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. Brooks, of New York; and it was
agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to strike out the
section as amended, which is as follows:
Sec loo. And be it further enacted, That it shall
not be lawful to convey by mail, nor to deposit in a
post office, to bo sent by mail, any letters or cir-
culars concerning lotteries, so-called gift concerts,
or other similar enerprises offering prizes, orcon-
crning schemes devised and intended to deceive
and defraud the public for the purpose of obtaining
money under false pretenses.
A provision somewhat similar to this has
been for some time in the general- postal law,
but it has alvvays been a dead letter for the
reason that no penalty is provided for its
enforcement. The circulars, everybody knows,
are circulated continually through the mails.
There is no machinery provided by which
the law can be executed, and it is very ques
tionable whether it ought to be executed. I
do not believe that the Post Office Department
is intended to act as a censor upon the corre-
spondence of the people, ff any one sees fit
to organize a gift concert, which is legalized by
the laws of most of the States—certainly, of
many of them—and to send hiscirculars through
the mails, the means which Congress provides
for the correspondence of the people, it seems
to me he should have the right to do so. If
not, then there should be penalties attached to
the olfense, and some method of espionage by
which the character of those letters can be
ascertained. As long as that cannot be done
this section must remain, as heretofore, a dead
letter. I do not believe in reeuacting a statute
which certainly must remain a dead letter.
Therefore, I think we had better strike out this
entire section.
Mr. FARNSWORTHj I do not think itwise
to strike out this section ; it is in the present
law, and I ana willing to let it stand for what
it is worth. There is a great deal of this matler
now transmitted through the mails. There are
sections further along in the bill, which have
been incorporated into it by the Committee ou
the Post Office and Post Roads, and which are
intended to prevent the frauds which are mostly
gotten up in the large cities of New York and
Philadelphia, chiefly in New York, by thieves,
forgers, and rapscallions generally, for the pur-
pose of deceiving and fleecing the innocent peo-
ple in the country. 1 have here on my desk a
large number of specimen circulars and letters
sent out, which have been forwarded to the Post
Office Department in this city. They were sent
from various bogus offices in the large cities,
professing to be from agents of some enterprise
or other, which are well enough upon then-
face, but upon examination are found to be
entirely bogus. Some of them are schemes for
selling counterfeit money. They send out gen-
uine specimens of fractional currency, and say
to their correspondents, "We can sell you so
much of this money for so much," In their
circulars they may, perhaps, send a genuine
twenty-five or fifty cent currency note. The
person receiving the circular may not be par-
ticularly ignorant, but being somewhat greedy,
he shows it to some banker or broker, who,
of course, pronounces it to be good money.
Thereupon, the countryman immediately sends
to the address of the agent, in New York, for
instance, ten, fifteen, or twenty dollars, with
an order for so much as it may purchase. A
box or package is sent to him. perhaps, which
upon being opened is found to contain waste
paper, sawdust, or may be bogus money. If
he does not send the money by mail, but sends
to some one in she city to make inquiry, it. turns
out that there is really no such office. These
people have no local habitation. The country-
man who has done this finds that through his
avariciousness he has been betrayed iuto doing
a very mean thing, and when caught, perhaps,
does not like to make any noise about it for
fear his neighbors may laugh at. him. Thus
all through the country thousands of innocent
and unsophisticated people, knowing nothing
about the"ways of these city thieves and rob-
bers, are continually fleeced and robbed, and
the mails are made use of for the purpose
of aiding them in their nefarious designs. In
some eases, as in New York city, for exam-
ple, the postmaster, by seeing these circulars
deposited in his office, or by receiving from
the country letters directed to these fictitious
persons; from his own knowledge, or from
knowledge be obtains from the agents of the
Post Office Department, gets to learn where
these persons are, what they are, and who they
are. He ought, therefore, to be empowered in
some way to ascertain the character of these
letters, and to return the money to those who
have been thus deluded into sending it. That,
however, is not a reason for tbis section,
though it is a reason for some of the subse-
quent sections of this bill. It certainly will do
no harm to declare that it shall be illegal to
send lottery and gift-concert circulars through
the mails.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Sabgekt, to strike out the section, it was
not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. ^1 thoroughly
agree with the remarks jnst made by the chair-
man ofthecommitt.ee, [Mr. Farnsworth.] I
am desirous, as he is, that some penalty shall
be provided for this fraudulent use of the post
office. Let me suggest an amendment, which
has been rather hurriedly prepared and is doubt-
less susceptible of improvement, but which will
probably accomplish the object. I propose
to add iti lieu of the words strickcn out the
following:
And a, penalty of not more than $."00 nor less than
$100, with all the costs of prosecution, is hereby im-
posed, upon conviction in any .Federal or State court
of the violation of this section.
I wish that this fraudulent use of the post
offieesball be arrested, particularly as the head-
quarters of these frauds are in the city which I
in part represent. I think that a penalty of
this sort would perhaps be effectual.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ I have no objection
to the gentleman's proposition.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move then
the amendment which I have stated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest that the
amendment should be modified' by striking
out the words "or State" before the word
"court." We cannot confer this jurisdiction
upon the State courts.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not
object to that modification.
Mr. SARGENT. Perhaps the proposition
now made for the imposition of this penalty
will add force to the remark which I made
some time since. It is proposed to put a pen-
alty of $500, with all the costs of prosecution,
upon any one who shall put in the po3t office
a circular of a gift concert. Now, at the pres-
ent, moment, in the State represented in part
by the chairman of the committee, as well-as
in my own State and generally throughout the
West, there are being carried on gift concerts,
and other enterprises of a similar nature, for
the relief of the wounded or sick soldiers of
the French and German armies. These gift
concerts, .as they are called, are gotten up in
different parts of the United States fur various
charitable purposes. They are harmless in
their design; they defraud no one; everybody
knows what their object is. 1 admit that in
some of the States, and I believe in the State
where I was born, gift concerts, along with all
transactions which may be construed as gam-
bling in any sense, are prohibited by law. I
deprecate as much as the chairman of the
committee the frauds of those nefarious rascals
who send out their circulars to entrap the
unwary into purchasing counterfeit money;
and if the penalty were restricted to schemes
of that kind I would not object. But it seems
to me that this provision, so far as it applies
to proceedings which are harmless, or which,
at. any rate, are pursued with a harmless intent,
goes entirely too far,
I trust the pending amendment will not be
adopted unless a previous line in the bill he
amended by sinking out the words '■ so called
gift concerts.'' Before ihe question is taken
on the amendment of the gentleman frotn New
York, I submit an amendment to strike out I he
words I have just, quoted, in line four.
