862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
the income tax after the 31st day of Decem-
ber, 1869, and requested a committee of con-
ference upon the question at issue between
the two Houses upon said bill; and that Mr.
Scott, Mr. Conkung and Mr. Casserly had
been appointed such conferees on the part of
the Senate.
income tax. -
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of privilege. I ask that the mes-
sage received from the Senate with reference
to the Senate bill No. 1083 be read.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me to introduce from the Committee
on Appropriations a joint resolution authoriz-
ing the distribution of certain documents.
Mr. HOAR. I demand |,he regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been demanded, the Clerk will read the mes-
sage received from the Senate.
The Clerk read as follows:
Is the Senate op the Untied States,
January 31,1871.
Whereas theHouse of-Representatives has returned
to the Senate the bill (S. No. 1083) to repeal so much
of the act approved July 14, 1870, entitled "An act
to reduce internal taxation, and for other purposes,"
as continues the income tax after the 31st day of
December, A.D. 1869, with the respectful suggestion
on the part of the House that section seven, artiele
one, of the Constitution vests in the House of Rep-
resentatives the sole power to originate such meas-
ures; and whereas the parliamentary law recognized
by both Houses of Congress states that when the
methods of parliament are thought bytheoneHoase
tohave been departed from by the other a conference
is asked to come to a right understanding thereon:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the bill be returned to the House
of Representatives, and that the Senate ask a con-
ference on the question at issue between the Houses.
Ordered, That Mr- Scott, Mr. Coskliko, and Mr.
Casserly be the conferees on the part of the Senate.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House concur in the request of the
Senate for a conference, and on that motion I
call the previous question.
Mr. MAYN ARD. I ask to be permitted to
say a single word before my colleague on the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Hooper]
makes that motion. I hope he will postpone
it until we can examine the question, say until
to morrow. I have a very decided impression,
based on high authority, that this is not a
question for conference, that it is a matter
under the Constitution for the sole and exclu-
sive judgment of this House. This is a matter
with which the Senate has decided, after solemn
debate, that it had not and could not have
anything to do. A former Congress decided,
more than thirty years ago, to that effect.
And I demur to this proposition for a con-
ference on a matter which the Constitution of
the United States has placed exclusively with
us. It seems to me that this is a concession
which I am not ready, at present at least, to
make. I trust the matter maygo.over inform-
ally for consideration, at least until another
day.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
I must call the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to make a
parliamentary inquiry. What is the scope or
power given under this proposition to the pro-,
posed committee of conference? Have they
power to consider and report on the bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in
answer to the parliamentary inquiry of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mb. Randall,]
and also somewhat in answer to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] that when,
on a previous occasion, on a Post Office appro-
priation bill, a conference was asked by the
Senate, it was granted by the House. The
only thing of course committed to the con-
ference is the point of difference. The bill
will in nowise be in the hands of the confer-
ence for action. But the point of difference
in 1859 between the two Houses was, at the
request of the Senate, allowed to go to a con-
ference committee. And the Chair states that
under the uniform usage and the courtesy ob-
served between the two branches, the usual
way is to have a conference; but, as the Chair
has stated, the bill is of course in nowise
subject to the conference.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hooper. ] The Senate, I understand, has sent
this bill back. I suggest to the gentleman that
the House non-concur in the action of the Sen-
ate, so as to send this bill also to this commit-
tee of conference.
Several Members.. Oh, no!
Mr. ALLISON. That would be giving up
the whole question.
Mr. RANDALL. I am in favor of getting
as speedily as possible at the repeal of the
income tpx.
The SPEAKER. That is a question which
is not before the House. The only question
before the House, in regard to a conference,
is as to the constitutional privileges of the two
branches.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is a question of
privilege, and the Senate requests this cour-
tesy. I can see no impropriety in grantiug
their r6on6st>
The SPEAKER. The Chair has quoted the
precedent of the House relative to a request
of the Senate for a conference.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In acceding to the"
request we yield no principle.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts." I insist
on the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Hooper, of
Massachusetts, was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which-the motion was
agreed to.; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Hooper, of
Massachusetts, Mr. Allison, and Mr. Voor-
hees, managers of the conference on the part
of the House.
sew york judicial districts.
Mr. HOTCHKISS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2910) to reor-
ganize the judicial districts in the State of
New York ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
testimony before departments.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States, reportedabill (H. R. No. 2911)
to provide for the taking of testimony to be
used before the Departments; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that any head of a Department or bureau in
which a claim against the United States is
properly pending may apply to any judge or
clerk of any court of the United States in any
State, district, or Territory to issue a subpena
for any witness residing or being within the
jurisdiction of such court, to appear at the
time and place in said subpena stated before
any officer authorized to take depositions to
be used in the courts of theUnited States, there
to give full and true answers to such written
interrogatories and cross-interrogatories as
may be submitted with the said application,
or to be orally examined and cross-examined
upon the subject of such claim. It provides
further that if any witness after being duly
served with such subpena shall neglect or
refuse to appear, or, appearing, refuse to tes-
tify, the judge from whose'court the subpena
is issued may proceed upon proper process to;
enforce obedience to the process, or to punish
disobedience in like manner as any court of
the United States may do. The witnesses in
such cases are to be allowed the same com-
pensation allowed to witnesses "in the courts
of the United States. The second section
provides that if any witness duly sworn and
examined under the provisions of this act
shall be guilty of intentional false swearing
in bis testimony, he shall be deemed guilty
of the crime of perjury, and, on conviction
thereof, shall be punished in the same man-
ner ana to the same extent as is provided
against perjury committed in a court of the
United States. The third section provides
that whenever any head of a Department or
bureau shall make application to take testi-
mony under this act, and shall be of the opin-
ion that the interests of the United States
require the attendance of counsel at the ex-
amination, or if he shall be of the opinion
that the interests of the United States require
a legal investigation of such claim, he shall
give notice thereof to the Attorney General,
with all the facts necessary to enable the At-
torney General to furnish proper professional
services, and it is made the duty of the Attor-
ney General to provide for such services.
>"*Mr. POTTER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Vermont what provision there is in
this bill in respect of the localities to which
the witness shall be taken to be examined ?
How far may he be carried about the country
by this subpena ?
X Mr. POLAND. The bill provides that the
1 application shall be made to any judge or clerk
of a United States court to issue a subpena.
The subpena can only be issued in the case
of a witness residing or being within that judi-
cial district. He cannot be taken ont of his
judicial district.
Mr. POTTER. Where is he to be exam-
ined?
Mr. POLAND. Wherever the subpena
shall call him lo be examined.
Mr. POTTER. Is he to receive any fees
for attending?
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir; the bill provides
that he shall have the ordinary witnesses' fees.
Mr. NIBLACK. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Vermont to the
question of the expense which this matter
may involve. Ought there not to be some
limit, some supervising power, upon the ques-
tion of the amount of money it may cost to
| get witnesses, and to detain them the time
j necessary for them to give their testimony?
' I agree with the gentleman from Vermont
| [Mr. Poland] that perhaps something of this
: sort is very desirable, and it is, doubtless,
necessary for purposes of justice. But I think
there should" be a limited discretion in regard
to the amount of money to be expended under
the bill.
Mr. POLAND. I do not very well see how
we can make any limitation of that kind. The
object of this bill is to authorize the Depart-
ments to take testimony in cases pending
before the Departments. There is now no
provision of law by which any Department is
authorized to take any testimony in any case
pending before it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
inquire of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] if there is any provision in this bill
requiring that the claimant shall be notified of
the fact that testimony is to be taken affecting
his case?
Mr. POLAND. There is not, except that
the claimant is authorized to file cross-inter-
rogatories to be propounded to the witness.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How can
he do that if there is no provision requiring
him to be notified that the witness is to be
examined?
Mr. POLAND. There is no provision re-
quiring in terms that the opposite party shall
be notified. But if his claim is on file in the
Department and is pending there I apprehend
that there would be little difficulty on thatscore.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
make the suggestion that some notice should
be given.
Mr. JENCIvES. This bill provides for
taking testimony in the ease of claims pend-
ing before the Departments, exactly the same
as testimony can be taken in a case pending
