864
1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 81,
was then applied to the Army. If the gentle-
man wishes to go further and concur with the
amendment suggested by him, I hope it will
be done. If we do that, it will give the Houge
a better opportunity for the action it desires.
If we non-concur, and send the subject to a
committee of conference now, that committee
may report back something to which we are
opposed, but which we may be compelled to
agree to, rather than lose the bill itself. Oa
adopting the report of a committee of confer-
ence, We have either to agree or disagree, no
division being allowed under the rules. Let
the gentleman from Illinois propose the amend-
ment he has suggested, and let the House act
on it, and then^ when the subject is referred
to a commitee of conference, we will be more
likely to reach the object he has in view than
in any other way.
Mr. LOGAN. I know the gentleman desires
to have done that which I propose. If we
agree to the amendment of the Senate, what
then ? We have agreed to their amendment
and they have accomplished what they sought,
while we will not have accomplished what we
want.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let us agree to it with
an amendment. If we concur in the Senate
amendment with the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, then the subject will prop-
erly be before the committee of conference,
and we shall have action.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the House will not con-
cur. I think I understand what I am about.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in ; and the House agreed to request a
committee of conference on-the part of the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses. r
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report from the Committee on Appro-
priations a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to everything
but the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts must proceed or yield the floor.
kkconstruction.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Reconstruction,
Mr. Speaker, to report back Senate bill No.
218, prescribing an oath of odiee to be taken
by persons who participated in the late rebel-
lion, but who are not disqualified from hold-
ing office by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, and recom-
mend its passage.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. When was that bill taken
from the Speaker's t.able and referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction?"
The SPEAKER. This morning.
Mr..BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will ex-
plain the matter to the House in a moment.
There was referred to the Committee on Re-
construction a bill in the very words of the
Senate bill. That has been under considera-
tion by the Committee on Reconstruction some
two weeks. Being so under consideration, I
was instructed to have the Senate bill teferred
to the committee, and it was so referred; and
1 report that back instead of the bill we have
agreed to report.
Mr. MAYNARD. Upon that statement I
wish to make another inquiry. I understand
that the bill was referred during the session of
the House to-day. The Committee on Recon-
struction, by the rules of the House, so far as
I am aware, is not authorized to sit during the
session of the House. How, then, could they
repoit itback at the present sitting ? I hold it
is practically impossible that it could be done.
A Member. A very good point.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. " A very
food point!" The committee have often sat
uring the sessions of the House.
The SPEAKER. The point made by the
gentleman from Tennsssee [Mr. Maynard] is
one whicji the Chair, under the usage of the
House, would be compelled to submit to the
Souse if the gentleman Taises the question.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is a question of par-
liamentary law on which, it seems to me, the
Chair ought to rule.
The SPEAKER. What authority can the
gfistlfiiBau adduce to show that the question is
one on which the Chair should rule ? The ques-
tion is one which the Chair would submit to the
Housed When, there is a dispute as to a report
of a committee, whether they have a right to
report or whether the report is legitimately
made, the question is not one for the Chair to
rule upon, but one for the Chair to submit to
the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is no dispute as
to the facts.
The SPEAKER. There being' no dispute
as to the facts, and the facts being in posses-
sion of th£ House, the House can decide upon
them.
Mr. MAYNARD. The facts are unaisputed,
and what I desire the Chair to do is simply to
declare the usage of the House upon the facts.
The SPEAKER. The facts are. equally
apparent to the House as to the Chair, and
the rule is that all disputes arising as to reports
of committees are submitted to the House.
Mr. BECK. We have not heard distinctly I
on this side of the House the<questions which j
have been raised. .j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten- |
: nessee [Mr. Mayxakd] raised the point of >
: order that the bill was this day taken from the
Speaker's table, and that the select Committee
on Reconstruction, not being authorized to
meet during the sessions of the House, could
not, as a committee, take cognizance of this
bill, and therefore could not report it back.
Mr. BECK. May I be permitted to state
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear "the
j gentleman.
1 Mr. BECK. The facts are these: I intro-
| duced a bill in regard to the test-oath, and had
1 it referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
I subsequently introduced a substitute for that
bill, and had it referred. It was. submitted to
a sub-committee, and they reported it back
with the recommendation that it should pass.
It was word for word the same as the Senate
bill. The committee instructed its chairman
[Mr. Bctlek] to present that bill to the House,
and at the same time to take from the Speaker's
table the Senate bill and to have it referred to
the committee; and they instructed him to
report that back immediately to the House,
which he has done. All has been done regu-
larly. I beg also to state that the committee
has authority to sit at any time.
The SPEAKER. The committee has the
: right to report at anytime, but the Chair is not
advised whether it has the right to sit at any
time. The Chair will submit to the House the
question which has been raised as to the report
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Bctlek] on behalf of the committee.
Mr. WOOD. I believe the Chair has de-
cided on former occasions in cases analogous
to this one. Where a question arose whether
the chairman of a certain committee had a
right to report from that committee the Chair
ruled that his statement was to be received.
The SPEAKER. That is a somewhat dif-
ferent case. In the case the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] has referred to there
was a dispute between members of the same
committee whether the committee had author-
ized a certain report to be made. In this case
there is no dispute as to that. But the point
raised by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynakd] is that the committee were not prac-
tically in possession of the bill and could not
report upon it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to submit
a remark as to the right of the committee to
sit during the session of the House. I have
always understood that, as a question of priv-
ilege, the committee may sit during the session
of the House. But it cannot compel its mem-
bers to. attend while the House is in session,
nor can it excuse its members from being pres
ent during the roll-call in the House. But it
has always been considered that the committee
may meet find agree upon a biil during th<±
sitting of the House.
The SPEAKER. There is no dispute what-
ever as to the state of facts. The gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] has stated t&em,
as well as the chairman of the committee.
The committee had authorized a precisely
similar bill to be reported, and they instructed
the chairman to take from the Speaker's table
the Senate bill, and substitute it in lieu of the
House bill, with which it was identical. Under
those circumstances it would be a gross
assumption of power on the part of the Chair
to withhold this report from the House. (The
Chair therefore submits to the House the ques-
tion, "Is this bill property reported from the
Committee on Reconstruction?"
The question being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative.
The question was upon ordering the bill to a
third reading.
The bill was read. It provides that when
any person who is not rendered ineligible to
office by the provisions of the fourteenth
ameudmenttothe Constitution shall be elected
or appointed to any office of honor or trust
under the Government of the United States,
and shall not be able on account of histpar-
ticipation in the late rebellion to take the oath
! prescribed in the act of Congress approved
July 2, 1862, the said person shall, in lieu of
said oath, before entering upon the duties of
the said office, take and subscribe the oath
prescribed in an act of Congress entitled "An
act prescribing an oath of office to be taken
by persons from whom legal disabilities shall
have been removed," approved July 11, 1888.
Mr. MAYNARD. I askthe gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Bctler] to allow me to
say a single word.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to what this bill is. It in
effect repeals the act of 1862 prescribing an oath
of office; that is to say, it relieves every man
from the necessity of taking it who cannot take
it, and leaves those who can take it with a safe
conscience to take it as before. It is one of
those measures that goes fundamentally and
radically to the whole system of policy that we
have adopted with reference to what is called'
by the general name of "reconstruction," and
I trust that it witl not be passed in this hasty
and summary manner. . This is a bill which
has-been lying until this morning upon the
Speaker's table, and a bill that will effect the
entire abrogation of the present oath of office
prescribed in the act of 1862.
I shall not at this late hour of the afternoon
take up the time of the House in arguing the
question to show that we have not yet arrived
at the time when with safety this can be done.
I have merely risen for the purpose of stating
to the House what there is in the bill, what is
its purport, and what it will effect if enacted
into a law; and that statement will, I trust,
be sufficient to induce the members of this
House, or at least the majority of them, to
pause and hesitate before taking so important,
so fundamental, and so irrevocable a step as
would be the passage of this act atid the
removal of what has been for the last eight
years one of the most important restraints
against the enemies of our Government, those
who participated in trying to accomplish its
overthrow.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire,
Mr. Speaker, as the organ of the Committee
on Reconstruction, to state exactly how this
matter has been considered. Some two weeks
ago a bill in the precise words of this Senate
