1871.
THE COKGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
865
bill was referred to our committee. That com-
mittee appointed a sub-committee to examine
and report upon the subject to the whole com-
mittee. They were to have reported a week
ago to-day. They did not then report, but
time was given to them until to-day to report
011 the question. By the majority of that sub-
committee a bill, in ipsissimis verbis of the
Seriate bill, was reported to the Committee on
Reconstruction, and by the Committee on
Reconstruction the chairman was directed to
mnort this bill for the consideration of the
House ; and as the organ of that committee,
and by its direction, I have so reported it.
The scope of the bill is exactly this: what
is known as the "test-oath" or the " iron-clad
oath" cannot be taken by any man who took
part in the rebellion ; and the object of the bill
is to allow any man who took part in the rebel-
lion, but who is not disqualified by the four-
teenth article of the amendments to the Consti-
tution, to take an oath precisely as though his
disabilities were removed ; that is, an oath to
support the Constitution, such an oath as we
hear frequently at our desk. So that the effect
of the bill is to repeal the test-oath for every
man who took part in the rebellion but who
has not been disqualified by the fourteenth
article of amendment.
That is the entire scope of the bill; and when
the House understands that, they will be able
to vote understanding^ upon it. Its purpose
is to enable men who have no disabilities to
take the oath of office prescribed for men whose
disabilities have been removed.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
a few minutes?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly;
I will do so in a moment. That is the entire
scope and effect of the bill. It was my duty,
as the organ of the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, to present it fully and fairly, as I have
done, before the House. Upon it I express no
opinion. I now yield to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. I am permitted by the chair-
man of the Committee on Reconstruction
[Mr. Butler, of Massachusetfs,] to make a
brief statement in regard to this question.
Gentlemen will see, by referring to volume
seventy-eight of the Congressional Globe, page
2894, under date- of April 22, 1870, that this
bill passed the Senate, I believe, on the report
of Mr. Trumbull, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary of that body; and, so
far as the Globe shows, nothing was said upon
it. I believe it passed that body unanimously.
Another thing: all the persons whom this
bill proposes to relieve from taking the test-
oath can now hold office in their respective
States. It does not increase that class at all.
It only provides that persons not disqualified
under the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution of the United States from
holding office may take the form of oath pre-
scribed by this bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If no
further debate is desired. I will call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw for a few moments the call for the
previous question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
do so.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not know that it is
in order for me to refer to what occurred at
the other end of the Capitol; our rules say it
is not, and I will not therefore trespass upon
our rules. I will merely suggest what we all of
us see and know, that measures pass through
cither House of Congress at times when the
attention of members is not arrested in regard
to them, as was done in the case to which the
attention of the House was called yesterday.
That is one reason why there are two Houses
of Congress, in order that when a measure
passes one House unobserved and unchal-
lenged, either in the absence of members, or
41st Cong. 3d Sess.— No. 55.
when they are otherwise engaged, it may be
observed and criticised in the other House. I
cannot say more upon this point consistently
with our rules.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Morey.]
Mr. MOREY. While I am in favor of this
bill, there is one thing in it which strikes me
as rather peculiar. It is that we should pre-
scribe a simple oath to support the Constitu-
tion to those who were engaged in the rebel-
lion, and continue to require the test-oath of
everybody who was not engaged in the rebel-
lion. I think the bill should specify that all
those disqualified under the fourteenth article
o£ amendments to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States shall not hold office, and that every-
body else shall simply take an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is, to repeal
the test-oath.
Mr. MOREY. Yes; in other words, to repeal
the test-oath. It seems to me to be rather a
peculiar state of affairs, that the loyal people
should be obliged to take the test-oath, while
all those who were engaged in the rebellion
should take a simple oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States. It would be
more simple to pass a bill repealing the test-
oath entirely, and then leave all those disqual-
ified from holding office under the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution to
continue under their disabilities.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I concur in the
remarks just made by the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Morey.] There is no neces-
sity of the test-oath to prevent from holding
office those who are disqualified under the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States, for they cannot
hold office by taking any sort of oath. Then,
where is the necessity of continuing the test-
oath at all ? We propose by this bill to repeal
the test-oath so far as those are concerned
who were in the rebellion but are not ex-
cluded from office by the fourteenth article
of amendments to the Constitution, while we
continue it in reference to ourselves and all
others who were never engaged in the rebellion,
and require them to take an oath a yard long
before they can hold office. It prevents this
absurdity and incongruity of requiring a man
to swear simply because he can swear. I
would rather carry out the scriptural injunc-
tion to " swear not at all."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield for five minutes to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Porteii.]
Mr. PORTER. At the meeting of the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction this morning there
was but a bare quorum present; seven mem-
bers of that committee were absent. This
bill, which a majority of those present at the
meeting have directed the chairman to report
to the House, is virtually a repeal of the test-
oath. The gentleman from Louisiana, while
he favors the bill, yet would like it better if it
did not require that loyal men must continue
to take the oath, whereas those who partici-
pated in the rebellion are not to take it if
this bill passes, but are to be permitted to take
the modified oath. That is nothing new, for
practically disabilities have generally been
placed upon loyal men in the South instead
of upon those to whom they should more prop-
erly* apply. The passage of such a bill as
this will result in opening the doors of Con-
gress to men who are now disqualified from
occupying seats here or in the^Senate. It will
also throw open the whole field of appoint-
ments to Federal positions to men who are
now excluded by the test-oath.
Are we prepared to take this step ?• Are we
prepared to take this leap in the dark? We
know not what the future may have in store
for our country. We know not what political
changes may occur within tbe next two years;
and the question is whether this House is ready
to agree with the Senate in declaring that alt
these appointments shall be thrown open to
men who carried on the rebellion, who made
a gigantic effort to destroy this Government.
I am in favor, Mr. Speaker, of opening the
doors to the enemies of the country when I can
see the doors open to loyal men. I voted
against this bill in the committee room this
morning; and I am here now to protest against
its passage in the House.
Mr. BECK. Has the gentleman a right to
state how he voted in committee? If he has,
I want to say that he is the only man who did
so vote, thank God!
Mr. PLATT. I ask my colleague [Mr. Por-
ter] whether he will allow me to ask him a
question?
Mr. PORTER. Not till I get through with
this point,
Mr. Speaker, if I have violated any parlia-
mentary rule, I beg pardon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not hold
that the gentleman has done so. He has the
right to state how he voted, but not how any
one else voted.
Mr. PORTER. So, from the attempted
correction of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] I turn and meet the approval of
the Chair.
Mr. BECK. Did any one besides yourself
in the committee vote against this proposition ?
Mr. PORTER. If I were to answer that
question I should be subjecting myself justly
to the censure which the gentleman attempted
to put upon me unjustly a moment ago. Mr.
Speaker, I know no reason why the gentleman
from Kentucky should manifest so much feeling
in this matter. In the remark which I made
I was not aware of violating any rule, and the
Speaker confirms me in my position. But the
gentleman himself has violated the very rule
which he, with "conspicuous inexactitude,"
has charged upon me as infracting.
It is a fact—and I do not believe there is a
loyal man on this floor from any of the south-
ern States who will deny it—that outrages are
being constantly perpetrated upon people in
the South on account of their loyalty alone.
I desire to see protection afforded to that class
of persons; and when it is secured I shall be
ready to give protection to all others, if repeal-
ing the test-oath or other political disqualifi-
cations be considered protection. I will go
further. I will not even claim that protection
for loyal people ia the South shall be a con-
dition-precedent; but I am willing to let it go
baud in hand and side by side with the repeal
of these disqualifications. But I want to see
some manifestation that Congress is to adopt
legislation which shall protect the loyal men
of the South. This is a claim which gentle-
men cannot cry down by ridicule. The out-
rages now being committed are widespread
and fearful; and in States where personal
violence is not generally inflicted, hundreds
of thousands of loyal men are denied protec-
tion in the courts. In the very language of
the fourteenth article of amendment they are
"denied the equal protection of the laws."
Now, what we propose to do—what at least
some of us propose—is that Congress shall
pass laws which shall afford at least some sort
of protection to the loyal men, as guarantied
by this fourteenth article. When such a meas-
ure can be obtained, when gentlemen on the
other side of tbe House, aud some on this
side, shall be willing to extend such protec-
tion, then we shall be ready to throw open the
doors to all, and admit to the privilege of
holding office every man whomthepeople may
want to serve them or whom the appointing
power may select. Uutil this spirit is mani-
fested, until such a sign is given, I, for one,
protest against tbe passage of any such bill as
the one now before the House. Indeed, to
pass it, or any other measure of wholesale
enfranchisement, will lead to such demoral-
