1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ELECTIONS BY BALLOT.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator from Kansas
will withdraw his motion, I desire to introduce
a bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1099) to provide that all elections for
President, Vice President, and members of
Congress shall be by ballot; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. MORTON. I ask that the bill lie on
the table, and be ordered to be printed, to be
referred hereafter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before therefereneeof
that bill introduced by the Senator from Indi-
ana, providing that all votes for President and
Vice President shall be by ballot,'I should like
to inquire if that is not the law now? The elect-
oral votes are all required, under the Constitu-
tion and laws as they exist., to be by ballot. If
this means the election for electors, it may be
different, perhaps.
Mr. MORTON. I would state to the Sena-
tor that my impression is that in Kentucky the
election is viva voce. I know it is for members
of Congress, and I think it is for electors,
though 1 am not. sure as to the latter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps I did not hear
the bill aright. I understood the bill to relate
to the votes cast for President and Vice Presi-
dent, and not to votes cast for electors by the
people.
Mr. MORTON. I referred to the election
of electors by the people and to the election of
members of Congress. In Kentucky, and per-
haps in one or two other States, the election is
not by ballot, at least for members of Congress.
The bill was ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
DISTRICT COLORED SCHOOLS.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to be
good enough to take up a resolution that I
introduced the other day, calling for informa-
tion about the colored schools in the District
of Columbia, that I may amend it in accord-
ance with the suggestions of Senators about
me, and make the call on the Secretary of
the Interior. Therefore, if the resolution be
taken up, I shall move to strike out all after
the word "resolved," and insert a similar call
addressed to the Secretary of the Interior.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
offered by him a few days since in regard to
the colored schools in the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the resolution as modified.
The Secretary read as follows:
liesoloed, That the Secretary of tlic Interior be
requested to communicate to the Ser.ii.te any report
in his possession, or which ho may obtain irom the
trustees of the colored schools for Washington and
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, showing the
condition ot theschools under their chaigedui m g the
last seiiooi'year and at the present time, with the
receipts and expenditures of money by such board
during the last school year and since its existence;
also, whether the acts o£ Congress relative to iuuds
for the support of such schools have been complied
with by the coi'iKirations of V/:!M)i;.p,ton and George-
town, and the extent to which the educational needs
ot the colored!) ovulation of tiiose cities aie at present
pio-vided for; also, whether, m their judgment, any
additional legislation is required to promote the
educational interests of this population.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
HEIRS OF JETIIRO WOOD.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, as there appears to be 110 business before
the Senate, that, on the first day of the session
the Senate, on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Pratt,] asked the House of
Representatives to return to theSenate a House
bill rejected by the Senate on the last day hut
one ot the last session, the 14ih of July—a bill
for the relief of the heirs of Jethro Wood—as
the Chair thinks, with the intention of having
a motion to reconsider entered. That bill,
however, has but just been leturned by the
House of Representatives to the Senate, and
the time for a reconsideration has now elapsed.
The Senator from Indiana did not vote on the
prevailing side, and therefore he could not him-
self at that time have moved to reconsider.
The Chair does not know what his desires are
in regard to the bill; but under the rule, ex-
cept by unanimous consent, a motion to recon-
sider cannot be entered in consequence of the
delay in the return of the bill. Does some
Senator who voted on the prevailing side move
to reconsider?
Mr. PRATT. I ask that the matter lie over
for the present.
Mr. POMEROY. I voted on the prevailing
side, and if it is any accommodation to the
Senator from Indiana I will move a recon-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will still re-
quire unanimous consent, as under the rule
the time for reconsideration has passed in con-
sequence oT the bill not having been returned
sooner. If there is no objection the motion
to reconsider will be entered as made by the
Senator from Kansas. Is there objection?
The Chair hears none. It will therefore be
entered.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that is done I hope
the bill will be referred.
Mr. PRATT. I design to refer it.
Mr. POMEROY. It cannot be referred
now, as we have no committees.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire that it
shall not be taken up and acted upon without
a reference.
Mr. CONKL1NG. It is not reconsidered yet.
Mr. SHERMAN. A motion to reconsider
has been made.
Mr. CONKLING. It has beeu entered.
The VICE PRESIDEN l\ The motion has
simply been entered.
DELEGATE FROM INDIAN TERRITORY.
Mr. IIARLAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Missouri [Mr. Drake] claim thefioor
on his original proposition?
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir ; I will not interfere
with the bonoiable Senator from Iowa if he
has anything to present.
Mr. ITAULAN. I rise for the purpose of
asking the Senate to take up Senate bill No.
1092, to authorize the election of a Delegate in
Congress from the Indian territory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is a bill
introduced during this session ?
Mr. IIAIILAN. Yes. sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That does not
come within the rule. The Senator from Iowa
moves that the Senate proceed to the consid
eration of the bill introduced by himself, pro-
viding for the election of a Delegate from the
Indian territory, submitted at the present ses-
sion.
Mr. NYE. Has that bill ever been referred?
Mr. HA ULAN. It has not been referred.
It was introduced on the second day of the
session, and piinted. If the honorable Senator
from Nevada prefers to look it over before it is
taken up, of course I have no objection at all.
Mr. POMEllOY. There is a bill pending
to organize the Indian territory, which pro-
vides for the election of a Delegate and a great
many other things. I think this whole subject
is embraced in that bill, and that bill is before
the Senate. I think it would hardly be advis-
able to take up one branch of the subject con-
tained in that bill for the sake of electing a
Delegate to Congress, because that is embraced
explicitly in the bill to which I refer. I should
like to see whether or not we can pass that bill,
or how much of it we can pass. That bill is
quite a prolific one, embracing a great many
subjects. Still, 1 thought if Senators could
not agiee to pass the whole bill they might
consent to pass a part of it, and it would he
better to take this subject up as it comes in
that bill rather than to take up a bill relating
simply to one branch of it.
Mr. HARLAN. I will make an explanation
in a word or two. The treaties made with all
the leading tribes of Indians in this Territory
in 1866 provide for a general council; and in
some of those treaties, if not in all, it is pro-
vided that whenever Congress shall so authorize
the members of this general council, which is
in the nature of a Legislature, may elect a Del-
egate to the House of Representatives in the
Congress of the United States. At the last
session of Congress an appropriation was made
to pay the mileage and per diem of the mem-
bers of this so-called council, which I will call
a territorial Legislature. They are now in
session; and, as I understand, with the con-
currence of the President and the Secretary
of the Interior, the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs is on his way down there to confer
with them. It is probable they would like to
elect a Delegate now during this session of
their council, if Congress would authorize
them to do so. In this way the country would
be enabled to know the views of the Indians
in relation to their local affairs as expressed
by a person selected by themselves, a member
of their own race. I do not wish to press this
matter on the attention of the Senate if the
chairman of the Committee on Territories pre-
fers to have it lie over for a day or two; but
I have great doubt whether the bill which he
introduced will get through in time for action
by this council, even if it should be adopted
by Congress.
Mr. NYE. I hope the honorable Senator
will not pass judgment on the bill I had the
honor to introduce.
Mr. IIAIILAN. No; I only intended to
pass judgment on the time which would prob-
ably be necessary to mature and act on the
bill.
Mr. NYE. If I were to pass judgment on
the Senator's bill I should say I have very
serious doubts whether it can get through in
time to serve this session of the council. I
want to look at it.
Mr. HARLAN. As the Senator from Nevada
desires to look at this bill, and as he has been
heretofore, and I presume will be in the future,
chairman of the Committee on Territories, I
withdraw my motion.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several executive messages were received
from the President of the United States, by
Mr. Porter, his Secretary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and at twelve
o'clock and thirty six minutes p. m. the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business.
At five minutes past one o'clock the doors
were reopened; and, on motion of Mr. Chand-
ler, the Senate took a recess for ten minutes,
at the expiration of which time the Senate
resumed its session.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating a list of con-
sular officers ou October 1, 1870, and a state-
ment of the fees collected and accounted for
by sucli officers to December 31. 1869; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate the follow-
ing message from the President of the United
States :
To the Senate of the United States :
In answer to a resolution of the 5th instant, I trans-
mit to the Senate a report from the Secretary of
State. g_ graNT.
Washixotox, December 8,18T0.
The accompanying report of the Secretary
of State was read, as follows :
To the President: . _ , ,,
The Secretary of State, to whom was referred tho
resolution of the Senate of the 5th instant, reQuesung
thy President, if not iucompiitibl© wita tnc public
interest, to communicate to the Senate ail t.iy coi-
