40
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
December 8,
despondence between the minister of the United
States (vt Paris and the Secretary of State, from the
breaking out of the war between France and Prussia,
so far as the same relates to political subjects and to
matters connected with the said war, as well as to
the question of the protection of the subjeots of the
North German Confederation in Prance, with which
the legation of the United States at Paris has been
eharged, has the honor to report that all the corre-
spondence called for by the said resolution was com-
municated, with other diplomatic correspondency
accompanying the President's annual messages, to
the Senate and House of Representatives on the 5th
instant.
Respectfully submitted: fish.
DKP-UiTMEXT OF STATE,
Washington, December 8,1870.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that those paper3
lie on the table and be printed.
The motion -was agreed to.
ELECTION 01 COMMITTEES.
Mi. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate proceed to the election of the
standing committees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask unanimous consent
to dispense with the rule which requires the
chairmen of committees and the remaining
members to be elected by ballot.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Rhode Island asks unanimous consent
that the thirty-fifth rule of the Senate be sus-
pended, so that the committees may be elected
on motion. The Chair hears no objection, and
it is so ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the commit-
tees on the list which I send to the Chair be
elected. In reading the list you will observe,
Mr. President, that the name of the distin-
guished Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,]
who formerly occupied the chair which you
now fill, does not appear. His name has been
omitted at his earnest and persistent request,
made in writing to those who had charge on
the part of this side of the Chamber of select-
ing the committees, and they have reluctantly
acceded to his request.
The Secretary read the list, as follows :
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Sumner,
(chairman,) Cameron, Harlan, Morton, Pat-
terson, Schurz, and Casserly.
On Finance—Messrs. Sherman, (chairman,)
"Williams, Cattell, Morrill of Vermont, Warner,
Fenton, and Bayard.
On Appropriations—Mesars. Morrill of
Maine, (chairman,) Cole, Edmunds, Sprague,
Sawyer, Pool, and Stockton.
On Commerce—Messrs. Chandler, (chair-
man,) Corbett, Kellogg, Spencer, Buckingham,
Conkling, and Vickers.
On Manufactures—Messrs. Morton, (chair-
man,) Yates. Robertson, Boreman, and Mc-
Donald.
On Agriculture—Messrs. Cameron, (chair-
man,) Robertson, Tipton, Gilbert, and Mc-
Creery.
On Military Affairs—Messrs. "VViison, (chair-
man,) Howard, Cameron, Morton, Thayer,
Abbott, and Ames.
On Naval Affairs—Messrs. Cragin, (chair-
man,) Anthony, Nye, Drake, Scott, Osborn,
and Stockton.
On the Judiciary—Messrs.Trumbull, (chair-
man,) Stewart, Edmunds, Conkling, Rice, Car-
penter, and Thurmap.
On Post Offices and Post Roads—Messrs.
Ramsey, (chairman,)Pomeroy,McDonald.Gil-
bert, Cole, Flanagan, and Thurman.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Pomeroy, (chair-
man,) Williams, Tipton, Osborn, Warner,
Sprague, and Casserly.
On Private hand Claims—Messrs. Williams,
(chairman.) Feriy, Sawyer, Kellogg, and Bay-
ard.
On Indian Affairs—Messrs. Harlan, (chair-
man,) Ross, Corbett, Thayer, Buckingham,
Han.ilinri of Texas, and Davis.
On Pensions—.Messrs.Edmunds,(chairman,)
Tipton, Spencer, Pratt, Brownlow, Howell,
and Me0:ep:-y.
On JUeohtiiouory tjiniw-i—I>Itssrs. Yates.
(chairman,) Pool, Hamilton of Texas, Brown-
low, and Johnston.
On Claims—Messrs. Howe, (chairman,)WH-
ley, Scott, Sprague, Pratt, Kellogg, and Davis.
On the District of Columbia—Messrs. Pat-
terson, (chairman,) Sumner, Harris, Lewis.
Howell, Revels, and Vickers.
On Patents—Messrs. Willey, (chairman,)
Perry, Carpenter, Wiadom, and Hamilton of
Maryland.
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Messrs.
Morrill of Vermont, (chairman,) Trumbull,
Cole, Stockton, and Hamilton of Maryland.
On Territories—Messrs. Nye, (chairman,)
Cragin, McDonald, Schurz, Howard, Boreman,
and McCreery.
On the Pacific Railroad—Messrs. Howard,
(chairman,) Sherman, Ramsey, Stewart, Wil-
son, Harlan, Drake, Rice, Abbott, Fenton, and
Scott.
On Mines and Mining— Messrs. Stewart,
(chairman,) Chandler, Yates, Ross, Fowler,
Flanagan, and Lewis.
On the Revision of the Laws of the United
States—Messrs. Conkling,(chairman,) Carpen-
ter, Pool, Pratt, and Bayard.
On Education and Labor—Messrs. Drake,
(chairman,) Morrill of Vermont, Sawyer, Rev-
els, and Flanagan.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate—-Messrs. Ferry, (chair- j
man.) Windom, and Davis.
OnPrinting—Messrs. Anthony, (chairman,)
Harris, and Casserly.
On the Library—Messrs. Cattell, (chair-
man,) Howe, and Morrill of Maine.
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Thayer, (chair-
man,) Fowler, and Abbott.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Buckingham
(chairman) and Ames.
Select Committee on Revision of the Rules—
Messrs. Anthony, (chairman,) Pomeroy, ana
Edmunds.
Select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities—Messrs. Robertson, (chairman,)
Howe, Boreman, Ames, Hamilton of Texas,
Vickers, and Johnston.
Joint Select Committee on Retrenchment—
Messrs. Harris, (chairman,) Patterson, Schurz,
and Thurmati.
Joint Select Committee on Ventilation—
Messrs. Nye, (chairman,) Anthony, and Stock-
ton.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on agreeing to the list of committees as read,
and it was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is one
select committee appointed by the President
pro tempore of the Senate at the close of the
last session, on the levees of the Mississippi,
that has not been ordered to be continued. It
was appointed on the last day of the session
by the President pro tempore.
Mr. KELLOGG. I think by the terms of
that resolution the committee continues until
i the end ofthe present session. It was appointed
by the terms of the resolution to continue to
the close of "the next session," which is the
present session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is sufficient.
ItEFERENCE 01? BILLS, ETC.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that bills, peti-
tions, and other orders lying on the table be
referred to their appropriate committees, with-
out a special motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I presented a memorial
this morning, and was in doubt as to which com-
jl miuee it ought to be referred. I will suggest
i| the Committee on Commerce.
jj The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
i! the motion of the Senator from Rhode Island,
'i The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest that the bill I
!> introduced in regard to providing for elections
ij by ballot be referred to the Committee on the
l) Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
\> v/i!l m.'te these requests: and where no par-
ticular committee is indicated by the Senator
presenting a bill or petition will refer it to the
committee to which it appears appropriately
to belong.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
M r. FO W LE R. I ask o f th e Sen ate that I
be excused from serving or> either of the com-
mittees to which I have been assigned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Tennessee asks to be excused from ser-
vice on the committees to which he has been
assigned by vote of the Senate. The question
is on his motion.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and (at one o'clock and
thirty-five minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 8, 1870.
The House metat twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Buti.er, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
WISCONSIN LAND GRANT.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2463) granting lauds
to the State of Wisconsin to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Milwaukee to Lake
Superior, viaGreen Bay,Wisconsin; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
RELIEF OF TOWNS AND CITIES.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unani mops con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution (H. B- No.
396) explanatory of an act approved March 2,
1867, for the relief of inhabitants of cities
and towns upon public lands; which was read
a first and second time, and referred fo the
Committee on the Public Lands.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. TILLMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2464) for the removal
of legal and political disabilities from Hum-
phrey N. Cowden and Joseph McBride, of'Mar-
shall county, Tennessee, and James'Suoddy, of
Bedford county, Tennessee ; which was read
a first and second time, and, with the accom-
panying petition, referred to the select Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC SYSTE5IS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the Senate and Howe of Representatives^
I herewith transmit to Congress a report, dated the
5th instant, with the accompanying papers, received
from the Secretary of State, in compliance with the
requirements of the eighteenth section of tile act
entitled " An act to regulate the diplomatic and eon-
sularsystemsoftheUnitedStates," approved August
18,1856. U. S. CltAVf.
Washington, I>. C„ December 6,1s70.
The message, with the accompanying ;>apt->-s,
was referred to the Committee on Common;.-.
UNITED STATES ATTOJINE1" FOB KUW YOlti:.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2.16-3) to amend an
act entitled "An act in relation to the oilico
of the attorney for the southern district of In'evv
York,'' approved August 0. 1801 ; which wa 
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
LIGHT-IIOUSU RESERVE, I'OliT HTJBO.V.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, con:iidt;ied, and agreed to:
That, the Secretary of the Treasury be.
