1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
IN' SENATE.
Wednesday, February 1, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man", b. d.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house iulls rbfeitred
The bill (H. R, No. 200S) for the recov-
ery of damages for the loss of the sloop-of-
war Oneida was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee oil Naval Affairs.
The bill (H. 11. No. 2907) extending the
provisions of the agricultural college act to
the State of Mississippi was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 2909) to enable J. H.
Schnell, of California, to enter and pay for
a section of public land in California for his
tea colony was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
patent office report.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the acting Commissioner of
Patents, communicating his annual report of
the operations of the Patent Office for the year
1870; which was ordered to lie on the table and
to be printed: and a motion of Mr. Willey to
print the customary number of extra copies
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present the petition of
Nievas Aguilar de Serrano, of California, on
behalf of herself and the other heirs of her late
father, Rosario Aguilar, deceased. The peti-
tion alleges, with great detail, that at the time
of his death her father was seized by valid title
of a tract of land of one square league in the
State of California, and after his death, in con-
sequence of the ignorance of law on the part
of herself and theother heirs, requiringthem to
present a claim within a certain period of time,
they lost the right to have it passed upon by
the courts. She asks for a remedy by the pas-
sage of a bill granting them an equivalent
quantity of land elsewhere within the southern
district of California. I move the reference of
the petition to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
'The motion was agreed to.
Mi, WARN* 15R presented the petition of D.
L. Dalton, of Montgomery, Alabama, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Ken:oviil of Political Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Stephen D. English, of Franklin county, Vir-
ginia. praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select Cotn-
mmee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. R.VMSEY presented the memorial of
the Legislature of the Territory of Dakota, in
favor of the construction of a military road
from Fort Abercrombie to Fort Pembina, iu
that Territory; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
lie also presented the memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Dakota, in
favor of the removal of obstructions in the
Red River of the North; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the memorial
of Wallace & Co. and others, of Louisiana,
remonstrating against the passage of the bill
for the extension of John Young's patent for
washing and wringing machines; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of two
hundred and seveir citizens of Iowa, in favor
of an amendment of the Constitution of the
United Suites prohibiting the disfranchisement
of any of the citizens of the United Suites on
account of st-x ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of assistant
marshals for taking the eeusus in tho third
congressional district of Iowa, praying for
additional compensation ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Revision of the Laws
of the United States.
He also presented a petition of soldiers, cit-
izens of Adair county, Iowa, and of Warren
county, Iowa, praying an amendment to the
homestead law making more liberal provision
for soldiers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of
William Blanchard, late consul at Melbourne,
Australia, praying reimbursement of expenses
incurred in the prosecution ofa case of murder
committed on board an American ship on the
high seas; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I present the remon-
strance of Mrs. E. T. Fitch and one hundred
and fifty-two ®tber women of Connecticut,
mostly residents of the city of New Haven,
against female suffrage. During the rebellion
1 had occasion to make the acquaintance of
many of those whose names are signed to this
remonstrance, and I do not hesitate to say that
there are no women in New England who
were more devoted to all those interests which
tended to make the volunteers efficient and
tended to promote their comfort than those
whose names are signed here. They are intel-
ligent; they are patriotic; they are earnestly
anxious for the preservation of the Union and
the happiness of the people. They are true
to their nature. They are women, not manly
women, but womanly women, who are ready
to bear the burdens and responsibilities which
pertain to their nature; but they protest against
any action of Congress which will place upon
them burdens which belong to the stronger
sex or which would introduce into the family
circle any element of discord. I move the ref-
erence of this memorial to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON presented a memorial
of citizens of Anacostia village, Washington
county, praying the erection of a bridge across
the Anacostia river, near the navy-yard;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petitions
of James Porter and M. H. Soddington, of
Anderson comity, Texas, praying the removal
of their political disabilities; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. VICKERS. I offer the petition of
William Wann and forty-three others, surviv-
ing soldiers and the widows of surviving soldiers
ofthe war of 1812, asking for pensions. The
ages of these petitioners vary from sixty-nine
to ninety years, and if any relief is to be ex-
tended to them it must come quickly, for time
is doing its work with that class of our people.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Pensions having reported on that subject,
and the bill being now on the Calendar, this
petition will be laid upon the table.
Mr. FENTON presented resolutions of the
Madison county (New York) Homeopathic
Medical Society against the removal of Dr.
Stillman Spooner from the position of exam-
ining pension surgeon at Oneida, New York ;
which were referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. FENTON. I present resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of New York, for ref-
erence to the Committee on Indian Affairs ;
and as they relate to a subject of great interest
and importance to the people of a port ion of
that. State, I ask that they be read.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
State op Suit York, is Assembly,
Alkany. January IS, 1871.
Whereas a portion of the Alleghany reservation,
occupied by tho Seneca tuition of Indians, has be-
come populated bv til" whits.- people; and whereas
they have been iuduet-d to m.ike settlements there-
on. (especially in the town of Salamanca,) on account
of the natural loe.ition of the place ami a
ratification by fho Legislature of the Stats of New
1 ork of leases made by them with the Seneca
nation of Indians; and whereas the sale of tbisrej-
"'f3 recommended by the Indian agent in
j8o3; and whereas it has become a matter of import-
ance to the white settlers who have made improve-
ments and invested their means in business pursuits
thereon: Therefore.
ilwolwd,(\i the Senate concur.) That the Senators
from this State in Congress be instructed and the
Representatives be requested to procure the passage
of some act, or the formation of a treaty with the
Seneca nation of Indians, whereby title may be
obtained to tho whole or a portion of the Alleghany
reservation, or such relief secured for white settlers
as the circumstances demand.
the Senate concur.) That the Governor
of the State of New York be authorized at any
time to appoint a commissioner on behalf of the
State to act in conjunction with a commissioner
appointed by the United States for the purpose of
earryins out the foregoing object
llenohied, {if theSenate concur, )ThattheOSovernor
be requested to transmit a copy of the foregoing
preamble and resolutions to each of the Senators
and Representatives in the Congress of the United
States from this State.
By order: C. W. ARMSTRONG. Clerk,
In Senate, January 25,1871.
Concurred in without amendment.
By order:
HIRAM CALKINS, Clerk.
The resolutions were referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SCOTT presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Pennsylvania, urging upon
Congress the speedy passage of the bill now
betore it giving soldiers of the late war, their
widows and orphans, the right to locate and
perfect title to one hundred and sixty acres of
Government land without occupancy; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of James
H. Williams, of Frederick county. Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabil-
ities; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. STOCKTON presented the memorial
of II. L. Gamble, widow of the late Lieuten-
ant Colonel John M. Gamble, United States
Marine corps, praying compensation for the
capture by her husband during the war of 1812
of the vessel Seringapatam : which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STOCKTON (in behalf of Mr. Cat-
tell, absent by reason of sickness) presented
the petition of David Alexander, late a mem-
ber of the thirty-fourth New Jersey volunteers,
praying the passage of a resolution to author-
ize the Commissioner of Pensions to place his
name on the pension-rolls; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petition of Win-
efred Sams, widow of John H. Sams, praying
the enactment of a law granting her the same
back pay, bounty, and pension that would have
been due her had her husband's name been
carried upon the rolls of the eighth Tennessee
cavalry: which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Elizabeth
Tipton, widow of Stephen Tipton, deceased,
late private company E, tenth Tennessee cav-
alry, praying compensation for services ren-
dered by her husband in the late war; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. THAYER presented the memorial of
Miss R?beeea L. Wright, praying an appro-
priation for certain services rendered to Gen-
eral Sheridan and his army; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CONK LING presented a petition of
citizens of Jefferson county, New York, pray-
ing the establishment of a chair of homeo-
pathy 111 the proposed national university at
Washington ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee oil the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented a
petition of envelope manufacturers, printers,
and stationers, praying that the manufacture
and sale of stamped envelopes by the Govern-
ment be discontinued; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
