1.810.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and hereby is, requested to inform this House whether
any portion of the light-house reserve at Port Huron,
Michigan, canbesold without detriment'to the pub-
lic service, and if any, how much and what portion
of said reserve can thus be disposed of.
JOHN S. LINDEL.
Mr. STILES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill JH. R. No. 2466) granting a pen-
sion to John's. Lindel; which was read a first,
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
REDUCTION OF INTERNAL TAXJ$S.
Mr. TOWNSEND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R>. No. 2467) to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes ; whjck
was read a first and sepond tiine, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
PROCEEDS OP COTTON SALES, ETC.
Mr. VAN THUMP, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ) which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby instructed to report to this House in detail
what moneys, if any, have been covered into the
Treasury of the United States resulting from the
sale of United States vessels of war, transports, and
other vessels, during and since the conclusion of the
war of the rebellion, and by what authority snici
sales were made; also, what sums of money resulting
from the sales of munitions of war of all kjnds, cap-
tured from or surrendered by the confederates dur-
ing the late rebellion have been eoveied into the
Treasury; also, what sums of money resulting from
the siile of cotton seized or captured during and
since the conclusion of the late war ot the rebellion
hay© been covcred into the Treasury; and wh&t ■
sums of money resulting from any sales of cotton ;
are now held on deposit in the Treasury.
GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN. ,
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, sub j
mitfed the following preamble and resolution ; ;
which were read and referred to the Commit- j
tee on Appropriations:
"Whereas in view of the rapidly increasing legal and
postal business growing out ot the great increase ot
population within the western United fetates judicial
distuet of Michigan and the city of Grand Rapids,
the second city in population in said State, thereby
demanding greater facilities for the iidministra-
tion ot juoticcand postal interchange!* than can be
secured tlnough an occupancy of private property
at a fluctuating rental to the Government, demand-
ing as well gieater piotection agam.-t lof4 by fire or
otherwise of public and private records and property;
and such need of a suitable Government building in
said city beina generally deemed of puuial import-
ance :
Be it resolved. That the Committee on Appropria-
tions be, and are hereby, instructed to consider the
present necessity foi a suitable building in the City
of Grand llapids, Michigan, for the accommodation
of the several offices of the Government located in
that city, and if by them deemed of such Importance,
to provide for the erection of tho same by adequate
appiopriation out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
JOHN MOONEY.
Mr. FINKELNBUItG, by unanimous con-
sent, obtained ieave to have withdrawn from
the files of the House the papers in the claim
of John Mooney, heretofore referred to the
Committee of Claims and reported upoii
adversely.
THOMAS C MARTIN AND OTHERS.
Mr. MOKGrAN, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to have withdrawn from the files
of tho House the papers in the case of Thomas
C. Martin and others.
BRIDGE OVER TIIE OHIO.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of the Cincinnati Cham-
ber of Commerce, remonstrating against the
construction of the Newport and Cincinnati
bridge over the Ohio river upon the present
plan, and praying for such action as will pre-
vent injury to navigation ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
LAJIOR IN NAVY-YARDS
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced jl bill (H. li. No. 24G8) for the regula-
xion of labor in the navy-yards of the United
Siates, and the compensation thereof; which
was read a first, and second time, referred to
tho Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
paraguayan investigation.
Mr. ORTH. I desire to give notice to the
House that on Tuesday of the third week of
this session the Committee on Foreign Affairs
will present their report upon the Paraguayan
investigation, for the final consideration and
action of this House.
ADJQDKSWJSST TILL MONDAY.
Mr. PORTER. Upon consultation with the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
and gentlemen representing other important
committees, who think that it will facilitate
the business of the committees, I roove that
when the House a'djourns to-day it be to meet
on Monday next.
The question being taken, upon a division
there were—ayes 79, noes 61.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FAUNS WORTH called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken ; and it resulted
in the affirmative—yeas 03, nays 02, not voting
■i9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Atwood, Bailey, |
Banks, Barnum, Barry, Beam an, Benton, Biggs', ■
Bird, Blair, lioles, Booker, James-Brook*. Burr, j
SidneyClarkc, Amasa Cobb, ClipLon L. pobb,^ jCon- ;
ner. Cook. Cox, Cullom, Darralj, Dickey, Dickinson, :
Nathan F. Dixon, Donley, Duke, Duval, Eldridge, I
3?ernss, Fox, Garfield, Gctz, (Gibson, Uilfillan, (iris- }
wold, Hamilton, Ilavvkins, Jeuokes, Thomas L. j
Jones, Judd, Kelley, Knott, Manning, Marshall, j
Mayhaw. Maynard, McKee, McNeely, Mercur, j
i Milnes, Morgan, Morphis, Mungen. Neglov, Nib- ]
lack, Packer, Palmer, Verce, Peters, Porter, Reeves, }
i llico, Schenck, Sehuniaker, Scofield, Lionel A. Shel- j
j don, Poi'tertfheldon,>Sherrod,Shober,iSlocuin,John ;
I A.Smith, Joseph S. Smith,William .1. Smith, Worth- i
I ington C. Smith, Stiles. Stone, Slrader, Swann, i
j Sypher, Tafte, Tannei, Twichell, Van Horn. Van 1
j Trump, Van Wyek, Wallace, CuthvaladerO. \Vash- !
: burn. Wells. Winchester, and Wood—9J. j
i NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Arncil,As-
1 per, Axteil, Beatty, Bennett, Bingham, Bowen,
| Boyd, Georgo M. Brooks, Buffinton.Burehard. Bnr-
' dett, Benjamin I?. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Churchill, WilliamT. Clark,Coburn,Conger, Cowles,
Crebs,Dawes, Degoncr, Joseph Dixon, Farnsworth,
Ferry. Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Hale, llamble-
ton, llamill, Hawlcy, Hay, Hill, lioar, Holmes,
Hooper, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Julian, Kel-
logg, lvelsey, Ketcham, ICnapp, Laflin, Lawrence,
Jjoughridgc, Lynch, MeCrary. McGrew, McKenzie,
JBliakun it. Moore. William Moore, Morey. Daniel
J, Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard. Paine, Peck, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy,
Potter, Prosper, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Stark-
1 weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stougliton,
! Strickland, Strong, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend,
I Tyuer, Up&on, "WiHiurn B. Washburn,Wclker.W hit-
i more. Wtllard, Williams, John T. Wilson, Witcher,
and Wolf—02.
NOT VOTING—Measp*. Adams, Ames, Ayer,
1 Bec-k, Benjainia, Buck, Buckley, Cake, Calkin,
Cessna, Cleveland, Covode, Dockery, Dox, Dyer,
i 35la, liaight, Haldeman. Harris, Hays, HcfUn, Iloge,
liolman, LLotchkiss. lngcrasoll, Kerr. Lash, Lewis,
Logan, McCarthy, McCormick, Jesse II. Moore, Mor-
rissey, Newsham, Piatt, Randall, Rogers, Roots,
Shanks, Sweeney. Trimble, Van Auken, Voorhees,
Ward, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winans, and Woodward—19.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. PORTER. I move to reconsider the
! vote just taken ; and also move that the motion
' to reconsider be laid on the table.
! The latter motion was agreed to.
;| pnOCEKDIXGS ON DECORATION DAY.
j Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
Emitted the following resolution; which was
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing:
Itenofoed, That the proceedings of different cities,
■I towns, A,e., held on the 29th and 30th days of May,
1 3 860 and 1K70, in commemoration of the gallant heroes
:i who saerificcd their lives in defense of the Repuolic,
'! and the record of the ceremonies of the decoration
{ of the honored tombs of the departed, shall be col-
li lected, printed, and bound, under the direction of
j! such person as the Speaker shall designate, for the
; use of Congress.
; 3'CBLIC PA UK IX PITTSiiCttG.
i Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, inlro-
|! duced a bill (H. R. No. 2J09) granting land
j| now occupied by the Alleghati}' arsenal to the
city of Pittsburg for a public park ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee ou Military Affairs.
TARIFF AND JNIEBiSAI. TAXATB?!?..
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed .'by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union be discharged from the further eo#-_
sideration of House bill No. 1068, to revise, the
tariff, and House bill No. 1, revising the inter-
nal tas laws; ap,d that those two bills be recom-
mitted to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
VIRGINIA JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. McJLENZIE. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill of the Senate to divide the State
of Virginia into two judicial districts may be
talcejj from the Speaker's table.
Mr. DAWES. I object.
Mr. MpKJSNZlE. I merely wish this bill
taken up for reference.
Several members called for the regular order.
CODIKIOAJIOH or POSTAL LAWS.
The SPISAKEft. The regular order being
called for, the House resumes the consider-
atipn of tlie bill reported from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, being the bill
(H. E. No. 2295) to revise, consolidate, and
amend tjie statutes relating to the Post Office
Department, " The pending question is upon
an amendment offered yesterday by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maystard,] which
will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
In the ono hundred and eigUfy-seyenth section
add the name of barah Polk, widow of the late .James
K. Polk; so that the section wilt read:
That all mail matter to and from Mafy Lincoln,
widow of the late President Abraham JjipcoJn, and
of Sarali Polk, widow qf the late President James
K. Polk, shall be conveyed free during their natural
lives.
Mr. HILL. I move to amend, by striking
out the whole of the chapter relating to the
franking privilege and free matter. The sec-
tions I propose to strike out are numbered
from one hundred and eighty-two to one hun-
dred and eighty-nine inclusive. My reason for
submitting the amendment is, that we have
already passed a bill abolishing entirely the
franking privilege, which bill is still pending
in the Senate. It strikes me ws should not
take further action on fhis subject until some
definitive action of the Senate has been had.
Mr. h'ARNSWOETH. There is already
pending an amendment offered by me as a
substitute fqr the chapter of the bill now under
consideration.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Hili,] being
a motion to strike out, any amendment designed
to perfect the matter proposed to be struck out
would necessarily take precedence. The Chair
will consider the amendment of the gentleman
from New Jersey as pending; but all amend-
ments designed to perfect any of these several
sections must be entertained. The Clerk will
report the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. FAitxswoitTii.]
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out the whole of chapter thirteen, and
insert in lieu thereof tho following:
Sec.—. Andbe it farther enacted, That the frank-
ins privilege be, and the same hereby is, abolished
from and after the 1st day of July, A. D. 1871, and
that thenceforth all official correspondence, of what-
ever nature, and'other mailable matter sent Irom
or addressed to any officer of the (iovernment or
person now authorized to frank such matter, fihall
he chargeable wi til the same rates of postage as may
be lawlully imposed upon like matter sent by or
addressed to ottier persons: Provided, That newg-
papors, periodicals, and magazines reciprooally ia-
teiehangcd between publishers, and not exceeding
sixteen ounces in weight, to be conlined to a single
copy of each publication, and weekly^newspapers.
be required to distribute such' papers unless post&ge
is paid upon them at the usual rates.
iSpc. —. A nil be -it further enacted, Tuat there snail
be piep„ied and issued by llie Post OIiiqo iJepa) t-
ment to the President of tho United btates, to eae.1
head of Department, and to the Secretary or lue
Peltate and the Clerk of tho House ot JbOX->rese,i.a-
tivca, proper ftamping-niaehinm, which machines
shall print or impress the name of the l)epai\ment
or nfiiver using mo same, respective j.an.l thenatuie
