1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
understand the position of these claims. He
says we have never undertaken to pay claims
except for property taken by the quartermas-
ter and j-eceipted for. These are precisely
such cases; cases where property has been
taken ; where receipts have been given ; where
Ihe law was open, and under which all could
be p.iid, except that they were prevented by
the stay law passed in 1867. Here is a man,
if you please, who owns two vessels, one in
Philadelphia, and that is taken by impress-
ment, and another vessel which is found in the
waters of the rebel States. Now, under the
aet the one is paid for and the other is not.
The owner is the same man, with the same
character. Both vessels occupy the positions
in which they are found by the troops, under
law ; one by contract or impressment, or under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury;
the oilier under the laws as they existed before
the rebellion. Occupying the positions that
they do lawfully, he being a true and loyal
man, having been loyal from the beginning,
having continued loyal to the end, and resid-
ing in a loyal State, I submit that they are
cases which this Congress can meet without
any embarrassment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be placed upon the Calendar.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. EDMUNDS (by request, as he stated)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 12S6) to
amend an act entitled " An act to establish a
bureau of immigration;" which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FLANAGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1287) to incorporate the Red River
Valley, Oklahoma, and Santa F6 Railroad
Company; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1288) for the relief of the widows, heirs,
and legal representatives of Stephen Tipton
and John A. Sams ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1280) for the adjudication of title to lands
claimed by Jos6 and Pablo Apis, in the State
of California; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Private
Land Ciaims. and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY. By request of parties
interested, 1 ask leave, without notice, to
introduce another bill.
Theie being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1200) for the relief
of the heiis of Rosario Aguiiar, deceased;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1291) to incorporate the Shreveport and
Upper Red River Navigation Company; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. McDONALD. I move the reference
of the bill to the Committee on Commerce;
and I desire to say in this connection, that
this bill is not in conflict with the one form-
erly introduced by my colleague and referred
to the same committee. My object in sending
it to tlmt committee is that they may have
both bills before them, in order the better to
perfect the one that will answer the purpose
best. It is a matter of very great importance
to that section of the country. ,
The V1CK PRESIDENT. The bill will be
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr, THAYER abked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 301) to authorize the
Union Pacific Railroad Company to issue
bonds to complete their bridge across the
Missouri river at Omaha, Nebraska; which
was read twice by its title, ordered to lie on
the table for the present, and to be printed.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr.THAYER submitted three amendments,
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 2615) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling so-called treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1872, and for other pur-
poses; which were referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
RELIEF TO FRANCE.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer the preamble and
resolution which I hold in my hand as a sub-
stitute for the resolution I offered yesterday,
relating to our efforts to relieve the suffering
people of France. I ask that it be read. Our
charity, I think, should be impartial, and this
resolution embraces contributions, if they be
so desired, to Germany as well as France. I
desire that this may be substituted for the
resolution I offered yesterday; and I ask for
its immediate consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Kansas offers a resolution in lieu of that offered
by him yesterday in regard to sympathy with
the suffering French, and asks for its present
consideration. It will be reported, subject to
objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Whereas recent dispatches foreshadow the term-
ination of the great war in Europe, and we hailwith
gladness the prospect of peace; and whereas the two
great nations involved in that war are both entitled
to the friendship andgood-wiii of the American peo-
ple, one tor the aid they gave us in the days of our
early weakness and extremity and the other for the
practical sympathy they extended to us while we
were engaged in astruggle tor the life of the Repub-
lic; and whereas now, that the battle-cry is dying
away, the cry of hunger, destitution, and sorrow is
more distinctly heard, in Germany, from the widows
and orphans who have been bereit of their husbands
and fathers, and still more in the republic of France,
where, in addition to thesacrifice of human life, the
devastation of fields and homes under the heel of
fighting armies, and the destruction of the means of
subsistence has increased the general misery; There-
fore,
Be it resolved. That, in obedience to that Christian
charity which seeks the good of all nations and
ministers to all human distresses, we heartily com-
mend the sufferings of the belligerent nations in
Europe to the American people, and recommend
that a generous system of organized charity, seek-
ing out and providing first for the most pressing
necessities, be speedily inaugurated for their reliet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this reso-
lution ? The Chair hears none, and it is pend-
ing before the Senate.
Mr. TIPTON. Is any reference made to
the republic of France in the resolution of the
Senator from Kansas ?
Mr. POMEROY. There is a reference made
to the republic of France.
Mr. TIPTON. I think the Senate would
like to hear that resolution read again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be again
read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that resolution, but I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment by way of addition :
jLnd be it farther resolssil, That the President of
the United States is hereby requested to communi-
cate to the Preach Government the profound sym-
pathy of the American people tor the people of
France, no.w suffering under unexampled mislor-
tune; and he is hereby instructed to extend to them
every aid, assistance, encouragement, and support
consistent with the laws of nations and our treaties
with other Powers, in estubli&hiag upon a firm basis
a republican government.
Mr. POMEROY. While I cannot object to
that, I do not know whether it is proper for
the Senate to instruct the President. 1 think
a joint resolution might instruct the President,
but I do not know that a simple resolution of
the Senate could.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have used the word
"instructed" oniy in one connection. Iam
perfectly willing to modify it.
Ihe \ICE PRESIDENT. Does ihe Sen-
ator modify it to read '• requested?"
Mr. SHERMAN.' Yes, sir. I think we are
bound by the relations that have always ex-
isted between the people of France and the
people of the United States, now, when the
former are suffering under a misfortune that
is really unexampled in history, to express to
them our profound sympathy, and do all we
can, consistent with our friendly relations with
other Powers, to enable them to establish a
republican Government. I dd not know that
this is anything more than an expression of
sympathy, but I think it ought to be at ouge
given.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the amendment be
reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio modifies his amendment so as to
insert "requested" in place of "instructed."
It will be read as modified.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
follows:
And be it further_ resolved. That the President of
the United States is hereby requested to eommaoi-
cate to the French Government the profound sym-
pathy of the American people for the people of
France, now suffering under unexampled misfor-
tune; and he is hereby requested to extend to them
every aid, assistance, encouragement, and support
consistent with the laws of nations ana our treaties
with other Powers, in establishing upon a firm basis
a republican Government.
Mr. COLE. I am not certain that we are
authorized to say that the war has absolutely
ended. If it has not ended, this would be
certainly an interference with the rights and
privileges of Germany. I think this resolution
ought to go over, and the one introduced by
the Senator from Kansas as a substitute for
that offered by him yesterday ought to pass.
I do not think, furthermore, that we should
express our feelings and sympathies for one
of these nations as against the other. My
feelings and sympathies are as much with the
Germans certainly as with the French, and I
do- not know but that they have suffered as
ranch by the war as have the French nation
and people. I dislike, at all events, to seo
anythingthat looks likediscrimination between
these peoples. It is a war that has been ex-
cessively severe on both; and almost before
we have definite information, while we have,
as I understand, merely a rumor of peace, we
are asked to make apronunciamiento'm favor
of one party.
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution I have
submitted, drawn by me with great care, does
not express any preference for either of these
! parties in the great contest that has been waged
i in Europe. Certainly, at the beginning of this
< war the universal sympathy throughout this
I country was with the German people. Until
Sedan, I suppose there was very little division
of opinion. This resolution is not intended
to express our opinion on either side of the
controversy, to say who is wrong and who is
right; but by it we simply express what is
in the heart of every Senator, that here is a
great nation, that aided us in our time of trial
and trouble, which has been overwhelmed by
a series of misfortunes unexampled, and we
express simply our profound sympathy for
them and our desire to aid them, if we can
consistently with the laws of nations and our
treaties with other Powers, including Prussia,
in establishing on a firm basis a republican
Government. It is perfectly consistent with
and in harmony with the previous resolution ;
and it seems to me it is due to the American
nation and to the feelings of our people now,
without distinction of party.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio if he has thought of any one
particular thing that this Government can do
to aid the people of France in establishing a
republican Government?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, I can think of a
good many things; but to go into that would
