1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
ber of Congress, Senator, and Delegate to pay
the postage on his private letters. Will the
gentleman tell us where there is any economy
in that proposition? The, gentleman knows
that the objection to the franking privilege
now is in its abuse, because members write
their names on their official correspondence,
on their neighbors' correspondence, and upon
their business correspondence. It has been
charged that we all know that a member who
has been engaged in selling patent medicines
has flooded the mails with their circulars, and
editors have flooded the mails with their pros-
pectuses. The stamps may be used by the
various clerks of the Senate and House, and
Departments—and they probably have not on
an average an integrity above that of mem-
bers of Congress—and what guarantee have we
that the stamps may not be put upon all sorts
Of documents and papers and letters? If the
people desire anything on this subject it is
that the mails shall not be burdened, and the
expense of carrying legitimate mail matter
increased, by books which are never j-ead, and
many of which are at once sold as waste paper.
Yet that very objectionable feature of the
system is preserved and protected by this
amendment, while it proposes to allow every
member of Congress to put $100 into his
pocket for the postage upon his private letters,
•which the gentleman admits is now paid upon
three fourths of it. If it be true that the peo-
ple want the franking privilege abolished, they
will not be satisfied with this pretense of abol-
ishing it., when you really retain the abuse and
put $100 into the pocket of each member for
the postage on his private correspondence.
Sir, it will amount to $66,000 per year, to be
paid to Senators and members for their pri-
vate correspondence. Sncli retrenchment and
economy will never satisfy the demands or
intelligence of the people.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, it will be
recollected by the House that one day last ses-
sion we passed a bill, very brief in its terms,
abolishing the franking privilege. It was passed
under the previous question, and without debate.
The matter comes up again now, in the bill
before us, in a twofold form : on the motion of
the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Hill,]
to strike out the whole section on the subject
of franking and let the matter stand as it now
is upon the bill which we passed, and which
is pending iir the Senate, and also upon the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Fahnsworth,] the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Iioads, offered, if I understand aright, on his
own motion, and not as the representative of
his committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, yes; I reported
it from the committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. It was not so stated, that
I recollect..
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I stated it last night.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I understand from
the gentleman that this amendment is proposed
by him as chairman of the committee.
The subject of the franking privilege, Mr.
Speaker, is one that has attracted the atten-
tion of the House from time to time, and has
undergone a great deal of discussion, and it
is one, of course, which is not new to any gen-
tleman present. The arguments against it
are. first, its abuse, and second, the argument
derived from economy. That it lias been
abused is undoubtedly true. Instances have
been given of improper matter being sent under
the franks of members through the post office.
Instances have been given of gentlemen sell-
ing their franks. ' Bud these are matters that
necessarily expose themselves, and are reme-
died, as all similar misgovernment is remedied,
at the ballot-box by the people, and they are
not very slow to visit upon such offenders the
fail measure of punishment. I have no doubt
tha  mo.-t members, in an easy good-nature,
have given their franks to correspondence that
was iiot strictly covered by the letter of the
law; whether by its spirit or not is another
matter.
The question of economy, it seems to me,
has been very much overestimated. I do not
believe that abolishing the franking privilege
would save one dollar to the public Treasury
or to the tax-payers of the country. The cost
of carrying the mails, the sums paid to con-
tractors, I venture to say would be as much
whether the franking privilege was or was not
abolished. It seems to me a fallacy to suppose
that the principal free matter that now goes
through the post office would go post-paid if
the franking privilege were abolished; I mean
the publications that are made by order of
Congress and sent out to the people of the
country.
A great deal has been said, something has
been said here this morning, of the value of
this mail matter. I am aware that gentlemen
who represent different constituencies will take
different views of this subject, according to
their respective localities. Gentlemen who live
in the large cities, near to the centers of inform-
ation and of publication, doubtless, will place a
much less value upon these publications of ours
than is placed upon them by the people in the
rural portions of the country. Of the docu-
ments that we publish, I suppose that the
agricultural report is more voluminous by far
than all other matter that goes free through the
mails. But my experience has been thatthere
has been nothing so much sought for by my
constituents as that report from year to year.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSVVORTH. I desire to ask the
consent of the House to continue the consid-
eration of this bill to-day. It is very important
that this bill should be either passed or other-
wise disposed of early in the session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will_ state, as
he announced during the last session, that
unless some privileged question or some order
of the day entitled to precedence shall inter-
pose at the end of the literal morning hour of
sixty minutes, he will consider that the pend-
ing subject has the right to the day. Of course
it will be subject to the limitation of any special
order or privileged report which may inter-
vene, on which, in the pending case, the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Fabnsworth] would
have the right to raise the question of consid-
eration.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the sugges-
tion in the interest of the other committees,
for of course the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads will be entitled to the morning
hour of each day until this bill is disposed of.
It will facilitate the business of other commit-
tees to have the consideration of this bill con-
tinued during the rest of to-day. I do not
like to call'the previous question on a matter
of so much importance as this.
The SPEAKER. The present occupant of
the chair regards as the proper construction of
the morning hour that it will run through the
entire day, unless interrupted at the end of
the sixty minutes by something of higher priv-
ilege. Such will be his construction during the
remainder of this session.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to explain
this matter a little, as it does not seem to be
fully understood by members. The stamps
which this provision provides for are not to be
used by members of Congress ; they are not to
be in the custody of members of Congress.
The Clerk of the House of Representatives will
be the custodian of the stamp which is furnished
for the use of the House, and will be respons-
ible for its proper use. An account will be kept
of the use of this stamp, of the amount of
postage which would otherwise have to be paid
upon the documents thus stamped, in order
that the accounts may be properly kept hetween
the Post Office Department and the Depart-
ments using the stamps.
The gentleman from New York [Air. Vax
Wyck] objects to the passage of this amend-
ment, because betsays it continues the public-
ation and distribution of documents. I made
that same'argument at tlie last session of Con-
gress in favor of the abolition of the franking
privilege. We passed a bill for that purpose,
and sent it to the Senate, but it is very clear
that, the Senate never will pass any such bill.
Mr. HILL. I believe they will.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If they do, very
well. Although we may adopt this amend-
ment, it will not preclude the Senate from act-
ing upon the bill which wo sent them at the
last session, and passing it, thus doiug away
with the franking privilege altogether.
But the practical question presented to the
House seemed to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads to be between this, or
something like it, and nothing. The effect of
this proposition will certainly be to prevent
the abuse of the franking privilege, because
it cuts off entirely the franking of documents.
That is to be no longer continued. The stamp-
ing of documents by a stamp in the custody of
an officer who is responsible for its use is sub-
stituted for the use of the frank. Thus the
abuses now practiced by members and by those
who counterfeit their franks will be remedied.
The abuse of the franking privilege is not. so
great among members by the franking of let-
ters for other people as the abuse resulting
from the forging, the counterfeiting, of mem-
bers' autographs by persons who have no right
to the use of the frank. The bill will certainly
put an end to such abuses. It will abolish
those abuses about which we have heard so
much hue and cry. The substitution of the
stamp for the frank upon documents will re-
lieve members from the very great burden now
imposed upon them of franking documents
themselves. When the documents are issued
by the Clerk of the House they will all be
stamped ready to be directed and deposited in
the post office. Now these stamps cannot be
used anywhere else than in Washington, in the
Departments, and in the two Houses of Con-
gress. They are not to be carried about the
country in members' pockets or trunks. Doc-
uments cannot be stamped in other places and
sent to Washington. There will be no oppor-
tunity for counterfeiting, for counterfeiting
would be so readily detected if it should be
attempted.
This substitute will continue the law as it now
is with reference to the free circulation of coun-
try newspapers within the county where they
are published, and the exchange of newspapers
by publishers. Perhaps there should be a fur-
ther amendment providing for the free trans-
mission of petitions to Congress and official
documents to the Departments of the Govern-
ment. If such an amendment be necessary,
let it be made. But it seems to me, as it
seemed to the committee, that it is useless for
us to pass again a bill abolishing the franking
privilege, as we did at the last session ; for we ,
should find ourselves at the end of the session
precisely where we are at the beginning.
Mr. KNAPP. I move to amend the first
section of the substitute by inserting at the end
of line nine, before the word " newspapers,"
the words "petitions to Congress and;'' so
that the clause will provide for the free trans-
mission of such petitions.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, it seems to me
that the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Illinois[Mr. Faknsworth] preserves
allthatisodious and liable to abusein the frank-
ing privilege as it now exists, while it only cuts
off that which should be preserved, if we con-
tinue the franking privilege to any extent. By
this amendment the franking privilege is to be
still exercised by the Executive Departments
and by the members of the two Housesof Con-
gress. The simple proposition is that a stamp
shall be substituted for the written frank ; but
thefrankingof all public documents is tobecon-
tinued, though a cash allowance is offered to
each member of Congress as an equivalent for
the use of the frank. But by this amendment
the privilege of the citizen to communicate
