1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45'
little to reform the existing abuses which we
all admit to exist. We want to prevent the
violation of the law by men who frank any cor-
respondence or other matter than that which
applies to their official duties. Any man who
does that violates the existing law, and we shall
provide a penalty for that violation of law, and
the offender should be punished just as any pri-
vate individual is punished who offends against
any criminal statute of the country. But I
object to this entire change of the system, this
introduction of checks and balances by a new
principle and process of book-keeping. This
thing of holding up to public indignation the
aggregate amount that the House of Repre-
sentatives is charged with upon the books of
the Post Office Department for the number of
speeches members may send to their constit-
uents, thus making members odious, is, in my
judgment, unwise, impolitic, and unjust. In
endeavoring thus to reform a conceded abuse
we shall be introducing a system of abuse
greater and more outrageous than that which :
now exists. We have no reason to believe that
there are men more honest, intelligent, and
upright in the Executive Departments than we
have in Congress, elccted by the States and by
the people of the several congressional dis-
tricts. In my judgment, this would be unwise
and impolitic, and I, for one, shall feel com-
pelled to vote against it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH obtained the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to sav a word?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield to the
gentleman for a moment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
that the absolute abolition of the franking priv-
ilege, for which I voted last session, has cer-
tainly one advantage that this does not possess,
namely, it would be a very considerable cheek
to the extreme profligacy, if I may use such
an expression, in printing public documents.
That seems to me to' be one of the greatest
evils we now labor under. But though the
House passed that bill, there seems to be no
probability of its becoming a law. The measure
now proposed has this advantage over the
present system: it reduces to shape and puts
into the form of a definite account all ex-
penditures that are now made under the loose
designation of fianked documents. It there-
fore has the advantage of putting into a defi-
nite and known quantity certain items ot public
expense, and in that regard it is certainly a
very great betterment. .
I am in favor of it for another reason. It is
an enormous burden to a man to frank the vast
volume of public documents that come through
his hands as a member of Congress. It is a
burden that ought not to be imposed. _ I regard
it a misnomer to call it the "franking privi-
lege " It ought to be called the "franking
burden." No member of Congress ought to
be required to send off cords oi these docu-
ments at his own expense; and tnere is no
sense in refusing him the right to stamp his j
name or to let another mail do it lor him, but i
to require that he shall turn himself into a
stamping-machine for at least one tenth of ^he I
waking life of a member of Congress. Now, j
this amendment does away with this useless
necessity; and for that reason, also, lam m
favor of it. These two points strike me favor-
ably, and therefore I shall -vote tor the amend-
ment. ~
Mr. McKENZlE. 1 desire to say a few
words about this matter. I voted last session
for the abolition of the franking privilege. I
am now satisfied that I made a great mistake
in so doing, and I am opposed to its aboli-
tion. I happen to be president o, a rauropd
company which receives fitly dollars per
for carrying the United States mail, and i
know that it does not cost the Government
one cent more if 've carry ten ear-io:ids instead
of one. Ihi'vc heard a great deal of the abuse
of the franking privilege, but I do not believe
in it, just as ! had heard of a great many
abuses before I came here that I do not believe
in now.
now. \
My late colleague, who represented the fifth
congressional district of Virginia, Mr. Ridg-
way, voted in opposition to the abolition of the
franking privilege; and he was right, in my
opinion. I voted for it, because the various
petitions sent out from the Post Office Depart-
ment to the several post offices in my district
asked me to do so. But I am satisfied now that
the South does not want the franking privilege
abolished, for we want just the information
there which we can get in that way and in no
other,
I am amazed that the Postmaster General
should talk about saving two^or three million
dollars per year by the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege. How is he going to do any such
thing? Does he suppose he will pay the rail-
road companies any less for transporting the
mails than he does now ? I know it is said he
will charge to the various Departments the
amount of their mail matter. _ As to the great
expense caused by the franking by members
of Congress, of the two hundred and fifty mem-
; bers of the House, and the sixty or seventy
! members of the Senate, that, in my opinion,
1 is a very little matter—all humbug and_clap-
i trap ; I am perfectly satisfied of that, with all
proper respect to the Postmaster General.
[Laughter. 1 As to your $ 100 to each member,
I do not want it. I am willing to pay my own
postage if you say so.
This idea of abolishingthe franking privilege ,
is allnonsense. You, Mr, Speaker, know very !
well yourself that the bill abolishing the frank- j
ing privilege is not going to pass the Senate, i
[Laughter.] It has been hanging there for |
months, and every time it is called up there ,
is some other matter that is sure to come up
before it. [Renewed laughter.] Members of j
this House know very well that bill will never >
pass the'Senate. Theie will be no abolition j
of the franking privilege in this House either; j
you may be sure of that. .Like a goose, I voted
last session for a bill to abolish the^ (ranking
privilege. [Laughter.] But I had just come
into theHouse, and knew no belter. I thought
that the petitions which 1 received oil the subject
were the honest expression of opinion on the
part of the people ; but I afterward found out
that those petitions had all been manufactured
in the Post Office Department and sent free
I through the mails.
i Another word about the saving of two or
; three million dollars each year by the abolition
\ of the franking privilege. Where and how is
1 it to be done? 1 suppose that during a prest-
| dential election, and at some other times, a
j large amount ofmatter ofa very inferior quality
i is sent through the mails. [Laughter.] But
' it costs no more to carry the mails including
! the matter sent from Congress than it would
i if nothing of the sort was carried. But if the
' mail matter sent from the Interior, War, Navy,
i Treasury, and other Departments was charged
; to them and paid for, I have no doubt the 1 ost
> Office Department would pay its own expenses,
i'i and then the member who proposed the two-
s' cent postage would have some chance to get
ji his proposition through.
!• Mr. MUNGEN. I desire to offer the follow-
■ ing as a substitute for what may be called the
i third section of the pending amendment-
Thai the Postmaster lionei-al shall only pay to rail •
roail companies the proportion ot tiic amount agreed
upon for carrying the mails m accordance wi h Uu
w'Hsllt ot malt matter transmitted, taking as a basis
the average weight tor the ptist Uu'ec years on ctich
railroad so carrying the mails.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is not the
proper place for such an amendment ; it will
be more appropriate in some other part ot the
bill.
Mr. FERRY. I move to amend by striking
out the provision allowing $100 to each mem-
ber of Congress.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
considered as pending. .
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. In order to obviate
some objections which have been made, I move
to amend the clause in relation to newspapers,
&c., so that it will read as follows:
Thatnewspapors, periodicals, and magazines recip-
rocally interchanged between publishers, ana not
exceeding sixteen ounces in weight, to be confined
to asingle copy of each publication, and %veekly news-
papers, ono copy to each actual subscriberwithm the
county where the same is printed and published, ana
official communications addressed to the heads of
bureaus, chief clcrks of either of the Executive De-
partments, and petitions to Congress, shall continue
to go free as heretofore; but carriers shall not be
required to distribute such papers unless postage is
paid upon tliem at the usual rates.
That will leave the law as it now is, so that
official communications to the Departments, as
well as petitions to Congress, may go free
through the mails.
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Faunsworth] answer a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will try to do so.
Mr. JENCKES. Would there beany sav-
ing in the Post Office Department, and conse-
quently to the Government, by omitting from
the original bill all the exceptional provisions
in relation to free mail matter?
Mr. FAllNSWORTH. Nodoubttherewould
j be a saving, because a great many letters are
i addressed to members of Congress upon which
! no postage is paid.
! Mr. JENCKES. "Would there be any saving
; in the cost of transporting the mail?
! Mr. FARNSWOliTH. Perhaps not.
j Mr. JENCKES. Why, then, omit the eighth
| in the series of exceptions ; that is, the notices
| to publishers of papers not received? That
; provision was found necessary some years ago, ,
i because a great many papers accumulated in
i the post olfices.
Then, again, why is there no provision with
'i reference to dead letters? Why should they
i! not be returned?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Dead letters may
be returned under the bill, but not under the
amendment. They will be returned under
stamp as official communications from the
Postmaster General.
Mr. JENCKES. They are not generally
so considered.
Then, again, I would call the gentleman s
attention to the copyright matter transmitted
to the Librarian of Congress. The transmis-
sion of copyright works from the publishers
to the Librarian of Congress is in no sense a
matter of privilege, but is a convenience to
the Government.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. So far as regards
copyright matter, there is scarcely enough of
it to call for an exception in the law ; but it
the gentleman desires to move an amend-
ment in regard to that, I have no objection.
Mr. JENCKES. 1 will move my propo-
sition as an amendment to the gentleman s
amendment. .
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to .that.
Mr. JENCKES. Then, I may consider the
amendment as accepted. _
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of order. 1 understand that the
morning hour has expired, and I desire to
report an amnesty bill from the Committee on
Reconstruction, but if the pending bill can be
1 finished to-day I will withhold my report tor
the present. _ ■
! The SPEAKER. It is the expectation of
' the chairman of the committee that this bill
: will be finished to-day.
, Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is my purpose to
i have the bill disposed of to-day P0.®8 , j
After the present, question shall be decided, l
think there is nothing else that will detain tue
1' House. i
'i Now, Mr. Speaker, one fact has not been
i. ailuded to in this debate, and it is that, we
j. appropriate annually §700,000 for the tome),
i ance of free mail matter. Gentlemen com
! plain that the §100 to be allowed to each
: member of Congress for postage y'11 ^ouut
jl to $00,000 a year, but they forget that we save
