1871.
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
No. 849) to authorize the sale of certain lands
reserved for the use of the Menomonee tribe j
of Indians in the State of Wisconsin ; which
was thereupon signed by the Vice President.
SENATORS FROM GEORGIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate now
resumes the consideration of the unfinished
business, being the Georgia election case, on
which the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Sauls-
bury] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Delaware, and in pursuance of the
notice I gave some days ago, I move that the
present order be postponed for a time, in order
that we may proceed with the consideration
of House bill No. 2689, making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic service
of the Government for the next fiscal year.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California asks the Senator from Dela-
ware to yield to allow him to move a post-
ponement of the unfinished business, for the
purpose of considering the consular and diplo-
matic appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator
from Delaware will not do that. We certainly
ought to finish this Georgia ease.
Mr. SAULSBQRY. I will not yield if the
Senator from Illinois objects. I am subject to
his direction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it would be wast-
ing time to pass it over now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware is entitled to the floor, and the floor
cannot be taken from him except by his con-
sent, and the motion cannot be made while he
is on the floor.
Mr. COLE. I thought I had his consent.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Oh, no; you had not.
I thought the Senator rose with some morning
business.
Mr. COLE. This is very proper business
for the morning hour. I think we ought to be
proceeding with the appropriation bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware is entitled to the floor, and will
resume his remarks.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, some
ten years ago, I believe, there lived ill a town
somewhere up in the northern part of Illinois
a man that very few of us had ever heard of.
He suddenly sprang into supposed greatness;
but whether it was real greatness or not will
not require ten years in the future to determ-
ine. Weil, sir, he once opened his mouth,
although by some he was called silent, and
was thought to possess a great deal of wisdom
because he did not use his tongue very freely.
But he opened his mouth on one occasion and
uttered a most memorable sentence ; he said,
"Let us have peace." Now, sir, I know how
anxious ihe Senate is for a vote upon this ques-
tion ; and as the honorable Senator from Ne-
vada [Mr. Stewart] is adiscipleof that silent
philosopher who once uttered this great senti-
ment, I now propose, let us have peace; let
us take a vote. I will say nothing if you will
not. What say you? [to Mr. Stewart.] The
Senate can get along without being further
enlightened by you or myself.
Mr. STEWART. I want to say a word of
explanation.
Mr. SAULSBURY. How long shall that
word be? How many sentences?
Mr. STEW A LIT. Not over five minute3.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the Senator will
promise that he will not speak over five min-
utes I will yield the floor to him, and unless
he makes some allusion to me, or something
that I liave said, I promise not to say a word
in reply, and then let the Senate take a vote
Oil this question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Agreed. .
Mr. SAULSBURY. I understand theSen-
ator to say that he will only oecupy five min-
utes, and 1 will give him live minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Seuator from
Delaware yields for five minutes to the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. If I exceed that timethe
Senator can take the floor again. On the
seventeenth page of the report of the majority
of the committee, I find the following state-
ment :
"Deducting those who were excluded by military
order from taking part in the reorganized Legisla-
ture. the result would be as follows: Hill, Go votes;
Brown, 93 votes; Stephens, 1 vote ; Styles, 1 vote."
There was one vote taken by the calculation
from Brown's vote, leaving it ninety-two ; but
there were others who did not appear, and the
fair presumption is that they were unable to
take the oath and did not appear in the reor-
ganized Legislature. The report g.ss on :
" Beside I Sic persons excluded by military order
from taking part in the reorganised Legislature, six
senators, n.imely. Graham, Moore, Collier. Wynne,
Anderson, and McCutehen, and four representa-
tives, namely, Crawford, Long, Taliaferro, and Me-
Cullou!?h, took no part in the Legislature as reor-
ganized, and minority candidates were seated in
their places. No investigation into the eligibility
of these six senators and four representatives ap-
pears to have been had. One of them(McCutchen)
deceased about the time of the reorganization. The
act of December 22, 1889, did not specify any time
within which the persons declared elected by Gen-
eral Meade's proclamation should appearand qual-
ify in the Legislature as directed to be reorganized."
That is not material, because the Governor's
proclamation did designate the time that they
should come forward.
"Of the above senators and representatives, six,
namely, Anderson, Moore, McCatchen, Crawford,
Long, and Smith, voted for Hill, and one, Graham,
voted for Styles."
There would be six more who voted for Hill
and who did not appear in the reorganized Legis-
lature. If they were deducted, it would leave
Hill's vote 90 and Brown's vote 92; and if
we take the criterion of the reorganization as
being a criterion of qualification, if weassume
that those who were unable to participate or
failed to participate were properly excluded,
then of the qualified voters, that is, those en-
titled to reorganize the Legislature, Brown had
a majority of two. It will be seen by this, and
it is an important fact, that whether or notthe
Senate go into an investigation as to the rights
of members to sit in the body, conceding it to
be a legal body, whether we disturb that ques-
tion or not, in the Legislature as reorganized
Hill could not be legally elected. If you exclude
those who stayed away or who were excluded
in the reorganization, the result would be to
leave Hill in a minority, and Brown, the regu-
lar Republican nominee, in a majority. So it
will be seen that Hill was the man benefited
by securing the presence of members who were
disqualified under the fourteenth amendment.
I think it a pretty clear ease that he could
not possibly have been elected if he had not
secured their presence in that first Legislature.
I wanted to call the attention of the Senate to
that fact, which appears in the report, and
having done so, I shall not occupy any further
time.
Several Senators. Question! Question!
'The VICE PRESIDE N T. The Senator from
Delaware is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If we can have a vote
I am willing to yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered'on the amendment of
the Senator from Nevada to strike out the
name of "Joshua Hill" and insert the name
of "Henry P. Farrow." The Secretary will
first read the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The resolution was read as follows :
Resolved. That Joshua Hill has been duly elected
Senator of the United State's by the Legislature of
the State of Georgia, and is entitled to take his seat
on taklug the oaths required by the Constitution
and laws.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Nevada moves to amend this resolution by
striking out the name of "Joshua Hill" and
inserting the name of "Henry P. Farrow."
Mr. CARPENTER. Before the vote is taken
I desire to state that on this question I am
paired «vith the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Rice.] If he were present he would vote
"yea" on this proposition, and 1 should vote
"nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 36 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreman, Brown-
low, Chandler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Nye,
Osborn. Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson.
Spencer. Stearns, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, and
Wilson—19.
2JAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair. Bucking-
ham, C.isserly, Conkling,Corbett, Cragin.Edmiinds,
Fenton, Flanagan. Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamlin. Harlan, Harris, Howard, Johnston, Ket-
logg, McCreery, MorriH of Vermont, Patterson,
Ro.-'s, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Sprague,
Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vicfeers,
Warner, Willey, and Williams—36.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Oattell,
Cole, Davis, Ferry, Howe, Howell, Lewis, McDon-
ald, Morrill of Maine. Morton, Pool, Revels, Rice,
Schurz, andYatea—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the resoluiion reported
by the Committee oil the Judiciary.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART and Mr. THURMAN ad-
dressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recog-
nizes the Seuator from Ohio, in pursuance of
a notice which he gave to the Senate in regard
to the colleague of Mr. Hill.
Mr. THURMAN. I offer a joint resolution
which I send to the Chair.
Mr. SHELtMAN. I suggest that the reso-
lution just adopted be carried into execution,
and that Mr. Hill be now sworn in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio yield to allow the Chair to
administer the oaths of office to the Senator-
eleCfc '
Mr." THURMAN. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator-
elect will present himself to the Chair for the
purpose of taking the oaths of office.
Mr. Hiu, presented himself and advanced
ta the desk. The usual oath to support the
Constitution of the United States, and also the
oath prescribed by the act of July 11, 1808,
were administered to Mr. Hill, and he took
his seat in the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. Now I ask for the read-
ing of the joint resolution which I have sent
to the Chair.
The joint resolution was read as follows :
A joint resolution prescribing the oath to be taken by
II. V. M. Miller. Senator-elect from Georgia.
Be it re-ohed, ifcc., That H. Y. M. Miller, of Geor-
gia. on entering upon the discharge of the duties of
any oflico or position to which he -has been or may
be elected or appointed, insread of the oatn pre-
scribed by the act of July 2,18tS2, may take and sub-
scribe the oath prescribed by the act of Congress
entitled '* An act prescribing an oath of office to be
taken by persons from whom legal disabilities havo
■been removed," approved July 11,1868.
Mr. STEWART. That is in the nature of a
bill, and I object to its further reading to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Nevada objects to the second reading of the
joint resolution.
Mr. STEWART. Let it go to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ought to go to a com-
mittee. I could not vote for that without its
being referred to a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada does not object to its second reading
and reference?
Mr. STEWART. No.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask leave of the Sen-
ate to say a very few words to explain the res-
olution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Ohio asks unanimous consent to explain Ms
joint resolution. Is there objection ?
Mr. STEWART. I do not object, but as
soon as that is through, I have a privileged
motion to make in regard to Mr. Whiteley.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, four per-
