1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
47
Mr. SARGENT. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Add to section two hundred and four, lino three,
as follows:
Xhe Postmaster General shall have power to es-
tablish additional post roads -whenever the same
in his judgment, shall be neeessary for the public
convenience.
I believe there will be no objection on the
part of the chairman of the committee to this
amendment. Its object is to do away with the
merely formal vote of Congress in designating
localities. There would certainly be better
examination given by the Postmaster General
into the circumstances of each case than is
given under the present system. It would be
for the advantage, also; of those who desire
additional facilities to be provided. We should
not have to wait for many months to have the
necessary facilities provided. This is especially
necessary m the West, where new communi-
ties are constantly growing up, and greater
rapidity of action is needed than we can get
under the present, system.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There would be no
objection to this amendment but for the fact,
which seems to have- been overlooked by the
gentleman from California, that the Consti-
tution provides that Congress may establish
post routes, and 1 doubt the authority of Con-
gress to transfer that power to the Post Office
Department.
Mr. SARGBNT. It maybe that that objec-
tion is well taken. But Congress has dele-
gated to it the power to establish a postal sys-
tem for the United States, and yet a great
many features of that system it leaves to the
discretion of the Postmaster General. It seems
to me that Congress can authorize the Post-
master General to designate the post routes in
the same manner that we authorize him to per-
form other duties in connection with the postal
service.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gen'tleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As this
is a delegated power, can the delegate delegate
that power?
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose that every
power which Congress exercises is a delegated
power, and I can see no distinction between
the powers of Congress in these respects.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will suggest to thegen-
tleman from California that the same clause
in the Constitution which confers upon Con-
gress the power to establish post routes also
confers the power to establish post offices, and
yet we know that we have conferred upon the
Postmaster General the powerto establish post
offices as in his discretion the exigencies of the
publicservice may require, without the interven-
tion of Congress. I suppose the same authority
might be given to establish post routes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
suggest to the gentleman this distinction, that
the power to establish new post offices confers
no right to take private property, while the
power to establish post routes mightgive aright
to take lands over which the route is to pa.<s.
Mr. MAYNARD. That may all be as a con-
sequence of establishing post routes. But the
question is one of power. If the Constitution
empowers us to delegate this power to the
Postmaster General in the one case, I see not
why we may not do it in the other. As to the
expediency and propriety of doing it, thatis a
matter for consideration, and concerning which
I express no opinion.
Mr. SARGENT. There can be no question
as to the expediency or propriety of the course
I propose, and it seems to me that the point
made by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Mayxakd] is well taken. The Constitution
gives to Congress the power to establish post
offices, and yet post offices throughout the
United States are established under the author-
ity of Congress by the Postmaster General.
It seems to me that we can delegate to him in
the same manner the power to establish post
routes, and that it is eminently fitting and
proper that weshould do so. I know from my
who experience that it would be a great accom-
modation. I have waited for months for the
meeting of Congress, and will have to wait
for months before the Post Office Committee
can get the omnibus post-route bill through,
to have important and necessary post routes
established in my State.
Mr. AXTELL. I desire to add to what has
fallen from my colleague that under the letter-
carrier system in cities the law is that those
routes shall be post routes, and yet they are
established by the postmasters of the cities,
under the direction of the Postmaster General,
who, in fact, does now make post routes in
that way.
The question was taken on Mr. Sargent's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. HILL. I offer the following as an
additional chapter:
That all laws and parts of laws giving the right to
any officer or Department of the Governmentor other
person to either send or receive through the United
States mail, free of charge, any letter, document, or
other mailable matter are hereby repealed, and that
this section shall take effect on and after the 1st day
of July, 1871.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, Mr. Speaker,
the gentleman has already accomplished the
object of that amendment by striking outthe
chapter which gives the right of franking.
What is the use of doing it again?
Mr. HILL. We want it in the code of laws,
to go with this bill to the Senate, and give addi-
tional force to the putting through of the bill
repealing the franking privilege.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman will
find at the conclusion of this bill a provision
repealing all laws in relation to the Post Office
Department except those contained in this bill.
There is no use in adding this to it.
Mr. WELKER. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Hill] by adding to it the following:
Except that newspaper periodicalsand magazines
reciprocally interchanged between the publishers,
and not exceeding sixteen ounces in weight, to be
confined to a single copy of each publication; and
weekly newspapers, one copy to each actual sub-
scriber within the county where the same are printed
and published, shall continue to go free as hereto-
fore: but carriers shall not be required to distribute
bttcl) papers unless postage is paid upon thorn at the
usual rates.
The question was put on the amendment to
the amendment; and there were—ayes 21, noes
50 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered : and Mr. Welkeu and
Mr. Kelley were appointed.
The House again divided; but before the
tellers reported,
Mr. WELKER. There is some misappre-
hension concerning the count, and I therefore
call for the yeas and nays.
Pending the call for the yeas and nays,
Mr. STILES. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from the
Alexandria district of Virginia [Mr. McKen-
zie] has informed the Chair that the Virgiuia
delegation desire this afternoon to announce
the death of their late colleague.
Mr. STILES. I will for that purpose with-
draw my motion to adjourn.
general amnesty;
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The bill
in relation to general amnesty is out of print.
I ask leave to have it reprinted for the use of
members.
No objection was made; and it was accord-
ingly ordered to be printed.
Mr. COX. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Bctler] to fix
some time when this bill, which is of great
interest, can be considered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
House will agree, I propose to call it up for
consideration on Tuesday next, after the morn
ing hour.
Mr. COX. I think it is one of the first sub-
jects demanding our attention.
WAR CLAIMS OF MONTANA. ; • * > .
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent,* ob-
tained leave to have withdrawn from the files
of the House certain papers relating to <war
claims in the territory of Montana, for refer?
ence to the War Department.
UNITED STATES COURTS IS- INDIANA. .
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanitrious consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2470) providing
for the appointment of clerks to the circuit
and district courts for the district of Indiana
at Evansville and New Albany, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
SUFFRAGE.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2471) to repeal
the act entitled " An act to enforce the rights
of citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States of this Union, and for other pur-
poses," approved May 31, 1870; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the .
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
WILLIAM GREENE.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2472) for the
relief of William Greene, of Knox county,
Indiana; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
death of robert ridgway, of virginia.
Mr. McKENZIE. Mr. Speaker, since the
adjournment of this House, on the 15th July
last, Robert Ridgway, Representative from
the fifth congressional district of Virginia, has
been taken away by death, and I trust to a bet-
ter world. He died at his 'home on Sunday,
October 16, after a long and painful illness.
To his mother, now in her eighty-eighth year,
and three sisters, to whom he was devotedly
and tenderly attached, this is a sad bereave-
ment. Mr. Speaker, while here he often told
me of his mother's love and devotion to him,
and never did so without shedding tears. May
God, in His infinite goodness and mercy, now,
in this sad and lonely hour to them, comfort
and sustain them.
Mr. Ridgway completed his education at
Emoryand Henry College, in Roanoke county,
Virginia; afterward studied lawandtook charge
of the Bedford Sentinel. He was" an uncom-
promising Whig, of the Henry Clay school, and
was devotedly attached to that great American
statesman. In 1853 he became editor of the
Richmond Whig, and during all the time of
his connection with that paper his editorials
show that he was a worthy successor to John
Hampden Pleasants, much of whose fire and
popular qualities he possessed. At the break-
ing out of the rebellion against the Union,
being opposed to the course of the State, and
differing with the proprietors of that paper in
the course they should pursue, he retired from
the editorial chair and returned to his home
in Amherst, where he remained during the war.
After the close of hostilities he was again in-
vited to resume his editorial connection with
that journal, which he did until he became a
candidate for Congress, in 1865, when he was
elected, but as the reconstruction measures
were not completed he did not get his seat.
He was again elected in July, 1869, as the con-
servative candidate from the Amherst district;
but his health was very delicate, and before the
adjournment he found it neeessary to ask for
an indefinite leave of absence, t.o seek rest and
quiet, but the fiat had gone forth ; he was no
more to return to these Sails. He passed away
peacefully and quietly in the forty-eighth year
of his age.
I have known Mr. Ridgway personally since
1853, and while a member ofthe General Assem-
bly of Virginia I had frequent counsel with him,
and in the stormy days of I860 and 1861 we
frequently consulted on what was the proper
