874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
pose of it now than at any future time. You
will have this Georgia question again as long
as a Georgia Senator is to be disposed of; and
if it is postponed you will probably have sev-
eral days' debate upon it. I think we can prob-
ably dispose of it now in a short time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I thinkwe are entitled to
a report from the Committee on the Judiciary
in reference to this matter. I am surprised to
hear the Senator from Illinois engage iu this
discussion with so much zeal when we have no
particular report in reference to the right of
these respective claimants to a seat in this body.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to correct the
Senator. If he will look, he will see that we
have a report which states, in so many words,
that Whiteley and Farrow are not entitled to
seats, and that Miller is not entitled to take his
seat because he cannot take the oath.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not say that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We state the fact why
he cannot take the oath.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well, that may be;
but certainly before any steps can be taken,
according to the report of the committee, for
the admission of Mr. Miller, it involves legis-
lation by Congress; and upon that subject I
desire to have a report from the Judiciary
Committee. I therefore move to postpone
the pending and all prior orders, and proceed
to the consideration of the steamship bill,
which was made the special order for last
Friday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Oregon that under
parliamentary law he caitnot move to postpone
a motion to take up a resolution. If the Sen-
ate shall decide to take up the resolution then
his motion will be iu order.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say one word, to
correct a misapprehension of my friend from
Oregon. The Judiciary Committee have re-
ported that Hill and Miller were duly elected.
They reported in favor of Hill taking his seat,
because Hill's disabilities are removed, and
he can take the oath. They state why Miller,
although duly elected, cannot at this time take
his seat; because he cannot take the iron-clad
oath. They state the reason : simply because
he was a surgeon in the rebel army. If he
could take the oath he would have been sworn
in just precisely as has been the Senator who
has just taken his seat. The only objection in
the world to his taking his seat is that he can-
not take the iron-clad oath. That is the report
of the majority of the committee. I concurred
in it with this modification : in my judgment,
the test-oath, if it ever was constitutional,
which I do not believe, is completely and
utterly repealed by the adoption of the four-
teenth amendment. 1 do not think, therefore,
that the test-oath act is any longer in force;
and I think Miller is entitled at once to take
his seat upon taking the oath prescribed by
the Constitution itself. But I do not wish to
press that against what is perhaps the opinion
of the majority of the Senate and perhaps the
opinion ot the majority of the Judiciary Com-
mittee; but it is a mistake to suppose that the
committee have not reported on this question.
So it seems to me that the only question before
the Senate is whether they will allow Mr. Mil-
ler to take precisely the same oath that Mr.
Hill has taken this morning.
One word more in regard to taking this mat-
ter up. The Senate has really already passed
upon what is called the minority resolution.
A minority of a committee cannot report a
resolution. The Senator from Nevada can
offer one, it is true; but the Senate has already
passed upon that very question, for he moved
it as an amendment to the resolution reported
by the majority of the committee, that Farrow
and Whiteley were duly elected and entitled to
their seats; and nineteen Senators voted for
that, and thirty-six Senators voted agaiust it,
upou the direct proposition to amend. Why,
then, should we take up that resolution upon
which we have already voted, and which has
already been voted down by nearly two to
one? I see no reason for taking it up at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not propose to enter
into any discussion, but it is admitted on all
sides that legislation by Congress is necessary
to enable Mr. Miller to take his seat, if he can
{ill
Mr. THURMAN. Not on all hands. There
are a great many Senators on this floor who do
not believe that any legislation is necessary.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is possible; but
that question ought to be referred to the com-
mittee. We anderstand that there is a division
of opinion in the Committee on the Judiciary
as to whether such a bill ought to pass or not.
and I wait to hear a report on that subject.
The Senator from Ohio himself has proposed
legislation oa this subject. I ask, if it be in
order, to move to lay this matter on the table.
Mr. THURMAN. The joint resolution that
I offered has already been referred to the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. STEWART. I will not insist on taking
up my resolution to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about sustaining the point made by the Sena-
tor from Ohio, that a resolution offered by a
minority of a committee is not upon the table
of the Senate; it is only offered as matter of
information. Besides, this particular resolu-
tion was offered as a substitute for the report
of the majority and disposed of, that substi-
tute embracing the name of Henry P. Farrow,
who the Senate has decided was not entitled
to a seat in this body. The Senator from
Nevada, as a question of privilege, can pre-
sent a resolution in regard to Mr. Whiteley,
but it cannot be considered on this day if any
Senator objects.
Mr. STEWART. I apprehended what the
Chair was about to decide, and I was just
going to offer and I now offer the resolution
modifying it by striking out the name of Henry
P. Farrow, and let it lie over so that it will
be in order to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over on the objection of the Senator
from Oregon.
message from tub 1iousk.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, itsClerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 484) to authorize the Secretary of
the Interior to dispose of certain documents,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 218) prescribing
an oath of office to be taken by persons who
participated in the late rebellion but who are
not disqualified from holding office by the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States.
iioose bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No 2914) making an appro-
priation for the contingent fund of the House of
Representatives was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The bill (H. R. No. 2911) to provide for
the taking of testimony to be used before the
Department was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 484) to
authorize the Secretary of the Interior to dis-
pose of certain documents was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee oa the
Library.
The bill (H. R. No. 2797) to enable honor-
ably discharged soldiers and sailors, their
widows and orphan children, to acquire home-
steads on the public lands of the United States
was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
leave it to the Senate to decide whether this
bill shall be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs or to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 think that bill clearly
belongs to the Committee on Public Lands,
and I move its reference to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENTS TO A I'l'IiOt'lil ATION BILLS.
Mr. THAYER submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 2615) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling so called treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1872, and for other pur-
poses ; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McDONALD and Mr. CRAG IN sub-
mitted amendments intended to be proposed
by them to the bill (II. R. No. 2S24) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1872; whieh were
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (II. 11. No.
2914) making an appropriation for the contin-
gent fund of the House of Representatives;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
OttDKR OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bills that I have indicated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Oregon moves to proceed to the consideration
of the first bill named in the resolution of the
19th of January last, making certain bills spe-
cial orders for the 27th of January, the title
of which will be reported.
The Chief Clbrk. A bill (S. No. 083)
authorizing mail steamship service in the Gulf
of Mexico between the ports of New Orleans,
Louisiana, and certain ports of the republic
of Mexico.
Mr. SPliAGUE. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLE. I shall not object to taking up
this bill if the Senator from Oregon will ihen
agree to give way to the consideration of two
small appropriation bills, which have been
pending for some time, and of which notice
was given that they would be called up to-day.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let us take up the bill first.
Mr. SHERMAN. Have the yeas and nays
been ordered on this motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They have been.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a good time, then,
without much debate, to test the sense of the
Senate as to the whole subject of subsidies to
steam vessels; not upon the merits of the prop-
o'sitions themselves, but the question whether
or not we will consider those bills at this
period of the session. Now, without any de-
bate on the subject, I wish to preseat to each
Senator the question whether it is not idle,
worse than idle, for us to attempt to pass upon
this class of measures now. We have but
four weeks of the session left, with all the
appropriation bills unfinished. Not a single
appropriation bill of any importance has
passed the Senate. I appeal to Senators, and
especially to my friend Irom Oregon who has
charge of this bill and is interested in this
general subject, whether it is worth while to
attempt to pass any of these bills providing
for subsidies at this session. The subject
will undoubtedly go over until the next Con-
gress. Even if the bills should pass here the
condition of business in the House of Repre-
sentatives is such that none of them can be
reached there. Perhaps it may be a harmless
thing for us to waste our time in this way; but
as to the passage of these bills, I think it is
impracticable. I shall therefore vote against
taking them up, and, so far as I can, aid ruy
friend from California to pass the appropria-
tion bills, which, if we consider them fairly
and fully, will occupy most of the residue of
this session.
