1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to state that
tht're are no appropriation bills ready, as I
understand, reported from the committee, ex-
cept one or two small ones that usually pass
wilbout any discussion, and which I presume
will not take five minutes. Now, sir, these
steamship bills were set down for a hearing
upon a particular day, and were crowded out
by the privileged question just disposed of.
They ought to have been considered at the
time fixed by the resolution of the Senate, but
of course we were compelled to yield to a
privileged question.
Now, as to the particular bill named, I do
riot understand its merits, and therefore I say
nothing upon that subject; but these bills were
put together, and therefore it is fair and right
tiiiit that bill, being at the head of the list,
should be first brought up for consideration.
But I desire to say one or two things to the
Senate about one of the other bills, the Aus-
tralian bill, and I hope I may be heard, and
that Senators will not, simply because here is
a proposition which provides for a subsidy, at
oiice shut their ears and their eyes to every
vi nsideratiou that may bear on the subject,
j'iiere is a possibility that some such bill may
have merit in it.
I know that a proposition has been received
from the postmaster general of New Zealand
to contribute to the support of a line of first-
cla^s steamships between the United States
and the Australian colonies if a bill can be
passed by Congress at this session contribut-
ing, also, from the Treasury of the United
Slates to that purpose 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
icmiiid the Senator from Oregon that debate
upon the merits of the bill is prohibited by the
elevenni uile. The question is oil taking it up.
Mi. WILLIAMS. Very well. I am show-
ing the necessity of action at this time, as it
aopears to me.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
been requested by Senators to enforce this rule:
"Motions to take up or proceed to the considera-
tion ot' any question shall be determined without
debate upon The merits of the question proposed to
be considered."
The Chair enforces the rule with reluctance,
and only in conformity with the demands of
Senators.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I submit to the decision
of the Chair, but I have not said a word about
the subjectmatter of the bill.
Mr. ivELLOGG. I desire to make a single
remark in regard to the question of taking up
this bill. I think I can truly say that I have
occupied as little of the attention of the Sen- j
ate with regard to matters which have specially 1
concerned that portion of the country that I
have the honor in part to represent as any
Senator on this floor. I haveno hesitation in
saying that the question involved in this Senate
bill No. G83, upon which the vote is to be
taken, inasmuch as that is the first bill men-
tioned in the resolution, more widely concerns
the interest of my constituents than any bill
that has been or can come before this Senate ;
and I desire to be heard upon the bill.
I propose, with the consent of the Senate,
not to be shut off because the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio happens to think that this bill
does not concei n the people that I represent
and that other southern Senators represent suf-
ficiently to demand consideration at the hands
of the Senate. I aver that it is the most vital
question before the Senate to-day, and I can
show it, and I ask to be heard upon it. I wish
it to be distinctly understood that the ques-
tion is whether Senate bill No. 683, author-
izing ocean mail service in the Gulf of Mexico
between the port of New Orleans, Louisiana,
and certain ports of Mexico, shall be taken up
and considered by the Senate or not.
I hold in my hand a resolution on this sub-
ject, adopted by the Chamber of Commerce of
the city of New Orleans, and it is but one of
a doz;m memorials, petitions, or resolutions
that now lie upon your table from Chambers
of Commerce and Boards of Trade of the dif-
ferent cities of the Mississippi valley, from
St. Louis to the mouth of the Mississippi 
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
that if he desires to make a speech an the sub-
ject, I presume the unanimous consent of the
Senate will be given to allow him to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent, as the eleventh rule prohibits
debate upon the merits on the motion to take
up a bill. The Senator from Nevada asks
unanimous consent that the Senator from
Louisiana may speak on the merits of this
bill. Is there objection?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
Mr. KELLOGG. I do not propose to dis-
cuss the merits of the bill; I am only giving
some reasons why I think the Senate should
consider it; and in justification of my earnest
appeal to the Senate that this bill should not
be passed over in this manner, but should
receive that consideration from the Senate to
which I think it is entitled to. I am simply
referring to these various memorials, petitions,
and resolutions coming from the people in the
valley of the Mississippi, from its head-waters
to tlfe Gulf, asking that this question be con-
sidered. I am frank to say that if this bill
shall be taken up, as I hope it will be, I desire
to be heard upon its merits ; and I appeal to
the Senate to take up the bill, if for no other
reason, in order to afford me that opportunity.
I do not care to discuss it to-day. I had in-
tended, if I could get the floor on this bill, to
give way to the Senator from California, in
order that the Senate might consider the con-
sular, and diplomatic appropriation bill which
he desires to call up and have considered, and
which, he says, will occupy but a few moments.
I thought that that would perhaps occupy to-
day, and then I should very much like the Sen-
ate to hear me to-morrow morning on this
question: whether we shall allow Great Britain
to absorb further, as she has at the present
moment almost entirely absorbed, the trade
of all the Spanish-American colonies that lie
south of us and in close proximity to us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
compelled reluctantly to state to the Senator
from Louisiana that this is certainly debate on
the merits. If the Senate would relieve the
Chair from the necessity of enforcing the rule,
he would be obliged to them; but they require
him to enforce it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We do insist upon it.
Mr. HARLAN. Would a motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness be in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be.
Mr. HARLAN. I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
motion of the Senator from Oregon, the Sen-
ator from Iowa moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business. _
The motion was not agreed to; there beiDg
on a division—ayes 21, noes 26.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Oregon.
Mr. COLE. I wish barely to say that I feel
a great deal of interest on behalf of at least
one of the bills to be brought forward on the
motion of the Senator from Oregon, and it is
with great reluctance that I would in any way
antagonize an appropriation bill with it; but I
understand now from the Senator from Oregon
that if the bill he names is taken up he will
immediately give way to allow «ne to briug up
for consideration the appropriation bills that
are pending; aud for that reason I shall vote
for his motion.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope this bill will be
taken up. I have examined somewhat the
merits of it. I believe it is one of the most
important measures pending before Congress
relating to the reestablishment of our com-
merce. I think it very important that we
should act upon it, and also upon two or three
other similar bills. The Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] at the close of the last ses-
sion, was very anxious to increase the com-
merce of our couutry, and he endeavored to
force through here at the close of the session
a bill which would have destroyed our entire
American ship building interest, and to-day he
opposes taking up any bill whatever relating
to commerce. It does seem to me that this
subject should be taken up, and that it is most
important to be considered. I hope we shall
take up the bill. It only requires a small ap-
propriation to establish this commerce with
the Central American states.
Mr. RAMSEY. • I hope the Senate will
take up these bills, and dispose of this class
of questions. Let the Senate indicate to the
committee what the views of the Senate are
on this subject. We have had a number of
bills before us in the Post Office Committee;
we have acted upon them; we have attempted
to mature them and put them in the very best
possible shape for the Government and the
interest intended to be revived; and yet all
through this session we have been unable to
get the attention of the Senate to their consid-
eration. I think the sentiment of the country
requires some action on the part of the Gov-
ernment in this regard for the revival of oar
commerce. We must either do something
ourselves, or continue to wait upon divine
Providence, which, for some reason or other,
has not come very much to our aid in that
direction so far. Unless we help ourselves
the probability is we shall be placed behind
three or four States in the world ia our com-
mercial relations. Enterprising men all over
the country are here desiring to assist you oat
of your predicament, and they have from time
to time proposed various schemes for the re-
vival of your commerce. They are enterpris-
ing and patriotic men ; and in justice to them
I think we should determine what we are going
to do with these questions, and send ihose men
home, if we do not intend to accept their
offers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should certainly vote
with the Senator from California to dispose of
the appropriation hills at this stage of the ses-
sion; and that is the embarrassment that I
feel about this motion; but I understand him
to say (and I rise merely to make that inquiry)
that the Senator from Oregon has agreed that
if the bill he moves to take up is taken lip by
the Senate, he will give way for the considera-
tion of the appropriation bills.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose somebody ob-
jects?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope nobody will ob-
ject to the acting chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations bringing forward his bills
when he has them ready. That is according
to the usage of the Senate, and I think, we
ought to yield to it. But if he insists on taking
up the appropriation bills, I shall vote against
the motion that is now pending. If, however,
the Senator from Oregon is willing that they
shall come up, and that' is satisfactory to the
Senator from California, then I am willing to
vote with the Senator from Oregon to take up
these bills; and let us dispose of them in some
way.
Mr. HOWELL. I shall object to over-
slaughing the regular order under any circum-
stances, and if my sole objection will prevent
the arrangement that is now proposed I shall
interpose that objection at the proper time.
I think it is now proper to go on with the
regular order of business in the mode in whieh
bills have been heretofore assigned; and I
think it is a great deal more important and
more in accordance with the general sentiment
of the country that we should pass one ot
those bills, the bill pensioning the soldiers of
the war of 1812. That bill is npw second in
order on the regular Calendar. I therefore
shall vote against any motion which will inter-
pose Buy bill in advance of that in the Senate;
and if necessary, I shall object personally to
