1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
of him: "He had a genius above talent and a
courage beyond heroism."
I hope that I may be pardoned for adopting
the language of another, who was his intimate
friend and neighbor, which is more appropriate
than anything I could say :
"He was a man of decided ability. His mind was j
not only brilliant, but it was solid; he could write
in poetry, and also reason closely and logically. lie
was defiantly independent—if he thought himself
right nothing could change him; he never compro-
mised his principles. In the social circle he was tho
sincere friend a.nd honorable gentleman. At home
he was the tender and affectionate brother. High-
toned and chivalrous, he feared no danger when
honor called upon hitn."
This is as high eulogy as could be pro-
nounced on any man ; and yet it is true. He
loved his State with the devotion of a fond
child for his mother, but when she took a
position on the subject of secession in opposi-
tion to what he believed to be the best inter-
ests of the country, and in antagonism to his
life-long principles, he had the courage and the
manliness to differ with what appeared to be
almost the unanimous opinion of her people.
And yet, sir, immediately upon the close of the
war, and when time had not sufficiently cooled
the passions and prejudices engendered by the
clash of arms, so great was the confidence of
the people in his patriotism and honesty of
purpose in the course which he had felt it his
duty to pursue, that he was elected to Con-
gress by an overwhelming majority. I doubt
if an instance parallel to this can be found in
the history of the country.
Thus has passed away, at the early age of
forty-seven, Robert Ridgway, in the merid-
ian of life and in the full vigor of manhood.
This inscrutable dispensation of Providcnce
should admonish us that we, too, are "passing
away that in a few short years, to most of us,
at least, Mr. Speaker, the " places and things
which know us now will know us no more for-
ever." It would seem when we see our
friends cut down around us by that "insatiate
archer," Death, that man was formed in vain,
but for the hope that,our Creator has planted
in our bosoms, that of existence in another
and a happier sphere. In the language of the
philosophic poet—
" Man but dives in death
Dives from the sun, in fairer day to rise;
The grave his subterranean road to bliss.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted.
The House accordingly (at three o'clock and
twenty minutes p. m.) adjourned until Mon-
day next.
I Jersey Shore National Bank, Pennsylvania,
| to change its location—to the Committee on
! Finance. .
' A bill (H. R. No. 2452) to place on the naval
pension-roll the names of the widowsand minor
children of Newton H. Adams and John Ruden-
stein—to the Committee on Pensions.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 386) to supply
an omission in ail enrolled bill—to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
P1UNTINU OF DOCUMENTS.
The House concurrent resolution of July 10,
1870, for printing extra copies of the reports
of Professor Barnard, late Commissioner of
Education, on technical education and on pub-
lic instruction in Europe, was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
The House concui:ent resolution of July 15,
1870, for printing extra copies of the report of
John Eaton, jr., Commissioner of Education,
on the condition of education at the South,
was referred to the Committee on Punting.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
, must decide, as has been repeatedly ruled from
i this chair, that petitions must be addressed to
' the Congress of the United States. Letters to
individual Senators cannot be regarded as peti-
tions, except by unauimous consent.
Mr. PRATT. As I stated before, this is
really in the nature of a memorial to Congress,
although it is addressed to me as a member
of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The point of
order being made, the paper cannot be received.
Petitions and memorials are still in order.
Mr. McDONALD presented the petitions of
G. Wilcox, Van Buren, Arkansas; of Lorenzo
Gilbreath, Scott county, Arkansas; and of H.
King White, Pine Bluff, Arkansas, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the .select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petitions of
James W. Johnston, Trinity county, Texas;
of Iioswell W. Lee, Fannin county, Texas;
of John A. King, Gonzales county, Texas ;
of Everett Lewis, Gonzales county, Texas;
Mr. HAMLIN. I have received and been I of J. H. Banton, Huntsville, Texas; ot B.
i requested to present to the Senate a petition
j signed by sundry persons who served in the war
of 1812, asking that a pension may be granted
I to those persons and their widows, and that it
i may commonce ten years anterior to the pas-
I sage of the law. I move that it be referred to
j the Committee on Pensions.
i The motion was agreed to.
i Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of
' William B. West, praying compensation for
I extra services rendered by him while consul at
I Dublin, Ireland, from 1863 to 1870; which was
| referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
! tions.
il Mr. FENTON presented the petition of John
|i C. Beales, Maria D. S. Beales, and Anita Exter,
II praying the confirmation of title to them of
jl
Chenault, Gonzales county, Texas; of Eli
Baily, Anderson county, Texas; and of R.
S. Walker and Bennett Blake, Nacogdoches
county, Texas, praying the removal of then-
political disabilities; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
j ical Disabilities.
! Mr. CRAGIN presented the memorial of
i Z. C. Robbing, counsel for Asa O. Butman,
! administrator of James A. Cutting, deceased,
: praying for the extension of a patent for an
| improvement in composition for making photo-
' graphic pictures ; which, with the papers relat-
i ing to the case on the files of the Senate, was
i referred to the Committee on Patents.
reports olf committers.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Commitee on the
  jurisdiction   -
orado grants ; which was referred to the Com- jj 'te<} States in cases of maritime contracts and
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under
the rules, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. ARCHER : The petition of William
Schilling & Co.. end vouchers accompanying
the same. . , j.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of M. J. ;
Burdine, widow of John T. Burdine, late pri- ;
vate company M eighth Tennessee cavalry vol- '
unteers. praying that the charge of desertion ,
lie removed from the record of her said hus- j
band. . . . T ,,,
By Mr. I'ROSSER : The petition of J. v\. 1
Lawless, late captain and commissioned colonel
of the fifth Kentucky cavalry, for additional ;
pay, fee.
IN SENATE.
Fiuday, December 9, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man. D. D."
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
HOUSE BILLS REl'KRIUiD.
The following bills and joint resolution ofthe
House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below: , . ,
A* bill (H. R. No. 2431) to authorize the
41st Cons. 3d Sess.—No. 4.
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BROWNLOW presented two petitions
of soldiers of the war of 1812, residing in east-
ern Tennessee, praying to be allowed pensions;
which were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. OSBOllN presented the petition of James
D. Greene, of Florida, praying pay for services
as lieutenant and captain of volunteers in the
United States Army; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. PRATT. I hold in my hand a letter
from Martin Schultz, a soldier of the war of
1812. It is written to me as a member of the
Committee on Pensions of this body ; but as
, the letter states most forcibly the reasons why
j a general bill should pass for the relief of the
i soldiers of the war of 1S12, I send it to the
Clerk's desk and ask that it may be read and
i then referred to the Committee on Pensions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the rules a
: brief statement ofthe contents of a petition or
j' torts upon the navigable rivers above the ebb
|j and flow of the tide, have had the same under
j consideration, and have instructed me to sub-
I rait a report in writing, recommending the
! indefinite postponement of the bill, and to move
| that the report be printed.
i The report was ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no objection
; be made, the bill will be considered as indefi-
nitely postponed. The Chair hears no objec-
; tion, audit is so ordered.
;; Mr. PRATT subsequently said: My atten-
tion was not called to a report made a moment
ij since by the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
I CaRI'K.xtku] on a bill which I had the honor
. to introduce at the last session. I desire to
!; move that that bill be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. CARPENTER. There is no objection
, to that.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. _ Instead of being
:j indefinitely postponed, the bill will be placed
on the Calendar with the adverse report of the
other paper presented to the Senate is to he c0lnm;ttee. and the report will be printed.
made by'the Senator presenting it. The Sen-
ator from Indiana, however, desires that this
paper be reported by the Secretary.
Mr. HAMLIN, is not this in violation ot
the rule? The paper is not addressed to the
' Senate*
Mr. PRATT. I ought to have said that, it,
is really in the nature of a memorial to Con-
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1082) to authorize the election of a del-
egate in Congress from the Indian territory,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, submitted a report in writing, to
accompany the bill (S. No. 717) for the relief
gressj although addressed to me as n member ]£arra(m K. Wentvvorth, late second lieu-
" t>~"' " tenant fourteenth New York heavy artillery,
reported at the last session. The report
ordered to be printed.
PRESIDENTS MESSAGE
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
five thousand extra copies of the President s
message, have instructed me to report H back
and recommend its passage. I ask for its pie.•
ofthe Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have a box fall of letters
tiled away which are in the nature of memo-
rials, not only upon that, but I believe upon
almost every 'subject that has required the
attention of Congress for twenty-five years. I
! only make the point because if we depart from
' the rule ofthe Senate we set everything afloat
: and we do not know where we are.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine makes the point, and the Chair i! ent consideration.
