r4 &
50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
; There b^ing no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
' ""TTeiolved, That five thousand additional copies of
the President's message bo printed for the use of the
Sena to.
committee service.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe a vote was passed
yesterday authorizing the Chair to fill vacancies
on the committees from which the Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Fowlep.] was excused.
I did not notice, as the Journal was read, that
that was recorded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. ANTHONY. If I am mistaken as to
such an' order having been made I will make
the motion now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order does
not appear in the Journal or Globe; but the
Chair understands that it was made.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move the Chair have
that authoriiy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be so ordered. The Chair
hears no objection.
bills introduced.
Mr. NYE. I ask unanimous consent to in-
troduce a bill, and I take occasion to say in
introducing it that I do so at the request of j
the Secretary of the Interior. It is a subject j
which the committee of which I have the honor ;
to be chairman, the Committee on Territories,
have investigated; and I think they reported
last year in favor of such a measure as this.
It is a bill changing the supervision of the
territorial prisons from the Department of
the Interior to the Department of Justice, who
have charge of the fund out of which they are
supported. I presume the bill had better be
referred to the Committee on Territories.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1100) in relation to
certain territorial penitentiaries; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1101) to regulate rank in the Navy of the United
States, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1102) to amend an act governing the colored
schools of the District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1103) to define and protect the rights of
miners and to encourage the development of
mines; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Mines and Mining,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave toiutroduce a bill (S. No. 1104)
relatingto the exportation of petroleum ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No._ 1105) to enable the Jackson, Lansing, and
Saginaw Railroad Company to change the
northern terminus of its railroad from Trav-
erse bay to the straits of Mackinaw; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr, KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1106) to amend an act entitled "An act
to amend the naturalization laws and to pun-
ish crimes against the same, and for other
purposes," approved July li, 1870; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1107) to reduce the number of certain
officers of the Navy ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBOliN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1108) for the relief of James D. Greene;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
DONATION OF OLD CAIiPETS.
' Mr. POMEROY. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That the Serjeant-at-Arms be author-
ized to present to the lady managers of the Colored
Orphan Asylum, and thoSoldiers and Sailors' Orphan
Asylum, such old carpets as may be selected by them
from the old carpets lately removed from the com-
mittee-rooms of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not a member of
the Committee on Contingent Expenses; but
I see that the chairman and.the other members
of that committee are not present. I think
the resolution had better lie over until they
come in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to say, before the
resolution passes over, that thesci old carpets
are advertised to be sold to-morrow at auction,
and unless the resolution is acted upon to-day
it cannot be acted upon at all. These orphan
asylums could make some use of the carpets
removed from the Senate Chamber and the com-
mittee-rooms, which were full of moths, and had
been rolled up the whole year. They have at
present almost no carpets fit to be used ; and I
thought the Senate would be willing to make a
contribution at least of an old carpet—one to
the Colored Orphan Asylum, and one to the
Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Asylum; and
they could, by cutting them, make respectable
carpets of them for some of their rooms; and
yet they are advertised for sale to-morrow,
Mr. NYE. They will fetch nothing.
Mr. POMEROY. No; and why can we
not give them to these institutions?
Mr. SUMNER. If we give them we shall
save them.
Mr. POMEROY. The Sergeant at-Arms
has no authority, I understand, to present
them without, the authority of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that it is
in order to say anything. I do not wish to be
thought an enemy of orphans or of widows,
for 1 am not, and t am ready to join my honor-
able friend from Kansas and my distinguished
friend from Massachusetts in a subscription,
and in forming what might be called a " ring,"
and bidding in all this carpet at the auction
and paying the money into the funds of the
Senate, and giving fche carpet to these orphans.
But these carpets belong to the tax-payers of
the country, (if that is not an unfashionable
phrase to use here,) and if they are worth any-
thing the tax-payers ought to have the benefit.
We have already stripped the District of
Columbia of most of the public buildings for
the beuefit of one institution or another; and
if there is any value in the articles proposed to
be sold, it occurs to me that it might do quite
as well for us, who are so friendly to these
institutions, to raise a little purse and bid on
this property and give it away, by which course
nobody is injured. I am perfectly in earnest,
and I say to my honorable friend from Kansas
that I will unite with him, if nobody else will,
and we will go down to-morrow and bid against
the .world for these carpets, and the children
shall have them. But I should not vote in
favor of the resolution at all unless 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless the objec-
tion to the present consideration of the resolu-
tion is withdrawn, the resolution is not before
the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, sir, I do not with-
draw it.
Mr. NYE. I should like to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution, and then, I take it, the
honorable Senator from Vermont will with-
draw his objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Vermont withdraws his objection, the
resolution is before the Senate.
Mr. NYE. Then I move to amend by pro-
viding that the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont shall furnish the money, and one of us
shall volunteer to bid them in and presentthem
to the institutions in the name of the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If you leave off the
latter part I will accept the amendment.
Mr. N5TE. Very well; I will leave off that
part.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I accept the amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont withdraw his objection to
the present consideration of the resolution?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the reso-
lution is before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Besolved, That the Serjeant-at-Arms be author-
ized to present to the lady managers of the Colored
Orphan Asylum, and the Soldiers and Sailors' Orphan
Asylum, such old carpets as may be selected by them
from the old carpets lately removed from the com-
mittee-rooms of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say one word
upon that resolution. The Senator from Ver-
mont puts his objection upon the ground that
this property belongs to the tax-payers of the
country, and that we have no right to give it
away. I wish to say in reply to that, that the
tax-payers of the country help now and con-
tribute to support the orphan children of the
soldiers who fell in the war who went from
this District, where they have no means of sup-
port. We have voted out of the Treasury of
the United States for several years a small sum
to take care of these orphans, who lost their
fathers in defense of the country ; so that we
do give a small sum in'that way. Now here
are some carpets, taken out of the committee-
rooms. Our experience is such that we know
they will bring a very small trifle, if anything.
When you take out the expense of removing
them down to the auction-room for the pur-
poseof having them sold, and deduct the com
missions, the amount received into the Treas-
ury will be very small indeed. If we do not
let these charitable institutions have them wo
shall have to furnish them money. I presume
the Senator will join with me in providing
whatever may be necessary and thought proper
to sustain these orphan institutions, to some
extent; I do not know how much.
Now, it seems to me this is an economic
measure. I would allow these societies to
select a few of these earpets that may be use-
ful to them and may help them in taking care
of these children. I know that the Senator
from Vermont is as anxious to promote this
object as I am, because he has manifested that
already; and my only purpose in rising was
to reply to his suggestion, which seemed to
have some force, that it was taxing the people
to give these things to these orphan homes.
We do that any way by giving money, or have
done it at any rate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not at all afraid of
being misunderstood about this business : but
I wish to suggest to my friend from Illinois
that while I am quite as much in favor of doing
something for these people as he is, I want to
give them something besides old clothes to
begin with. In the next place, this property,
although in this particular instance it is prob-
ably entirely trifling in value, is still public
property. _ it does not belong to the Senate
of the United States to give away; it is not
ours; it belongs^ to the United States ; and
whenit is to be givenawayas property belong-
ing to the public it must be given away by the
consent of Congress, justas we have given away
the use of some buildings on some of the squares
