1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
of the city. We pass resolutions every session
disposing of public property that is not of any
use to the Government to charities here, in one
way or another; bat we do it by the consent
of the House of Representatives and by the
consent of the President,, because it is not the
private property of this body as a body, but it
is public property, just like anything at the
Treasury, or at the White House, or at the
Department of the Interior: and that is the fact
about it. It is merely the principle that I object
to. Of course these old carpets are of very small
value, indeed almost trifling. The whole lot
of them probably would not sell for more than
$100. They are of no account, in substance ;
but yet the public property about this Capitol
of one kind and another, when you take it all
together, which may be given away to this or j
that charity (and we may in that way aid one j
charity more than we ought to do at the ex- !
pense of another) is of some value; and the ,
principle of disposingof it in that way is to ray I
mind, of still greater importance. '.Therefore, |
what, I object to is not the fact that the Con- [
gress of the United States shall furnish liberal ,
aid to all these charities as they are here ; we j
ought to do it, and 1 always vote for biljs for
that purpose ; but for the Senate of the United
States, as a separate body, to undertake to dis-
pose of public property that it has had the use
of, wbenit gets through with it, is going beyond
what we ought to do. This may be thought
more nice than wise, but that is the real truth
about it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from Kansas that his resolution
goes a little further, perhaps, than lie is aware 1
of. With a slight amendment, I shall vote for j
if. I suggest to him that after the words allow- j
ing the directors of these institutions to select j
these articles he insert the words 11 with the |
approval of the Sergeant at-Arms;" and for i
this reason : we have recently taken up the j
carpet of this room. There are portions of it :
that are entirely unworn and that will answer
for fitting up committee rooms. Then there
are many carpets taken up from large com-
miltee-rooms, only a portion of which is badly
worn, and the greater portion of which will
answer forsmallercominittee rooms. It ought, j
therefore, to be " vvitli the approval of the Ser- ]
geanl at-Arms."
Mr. POMEHOY. I am entirely in favor of
that. 1 do not want anything done in this
matter that the Sergeant at-Arms would not
approve.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas modifies his resolution in accordance
with the suggestion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill,] and the question is on
agreeing to the resolution as modified.
The resolution was agreed to.
annexation" of dominica.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a reso-
lution calling for information, and 1 ask tor
action upon it.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of tho United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, it in his
opinion not incompatible with The public interest,
copies ot all papers and correspondence relating to
the proposed annexation ot the Domnne tn portion
of thu i=ljnd ol Pan Doming :> or the puic.na e oi any
part thereof, including the oiisuial and aK subse-
quent instructions to any agent or consul oi the Lul-
led States, with the eon espondence ol such agent or
consul; also, any protocol or convention signed by
Rich agent, or consul: also, an account ol the debt
and liabilities of the Dominican Government e=pe-
liallv it* obligations to the neighboring republic ol
Havti; also, the provi-ions ot the existing constitu-
tion ot Dominica so far as the same relate to the
sale or transfer of the national domain; also, anv
treaty with Hayti or France by which Dominica is
bound or affected; also, any communication Irom
tl;e neighboring republic of Hayti, or from our linn-
i-t.-r there, relating to the proposed annexation;
 i<o instructions to the commander oi our naval
'rmadron m the waters of the island since the com-
mencement oi the late negotiations, with the reports
and correspondence of such commander; also, any
information tending to show what luiropean Powei,
n any, propose to acquire jurisdiction oi any part
of the island, and if so, of what part; also, any
information with regard to the position of President
Baez, under whom the treaty of annexation was
negotiated, and the extent to which ho has been
maintained in power by the presence of United
States vessels of war; also, any information with
regard to the sentiments of the people in Dominica
and the reported pendency there of civil war; also,
any information with regard to any claim of juris-
diction by the republic of Hayti over the territory
of Dominica.
Mr. CONKLING-. I think that had better
lie over. It is a very broad resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I ask to have it printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the resolution being printed? The
Chair hears none, and it is so ordered.
ra1liioad aid bonds.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciarybc,
and i'. is hereby, instructed to inquiro and report
whether the railway companies which havo received
aid in bonds of tbo United States are lawfully bound
to reimburse the United States for interest paid on
such bond* before the maturity of the principal
thereof, and, if so, what legislation,if any,in. neces-
sary to compel saeh reimbursement.
use of' army and navy ix xiik state*.
Mr. CASSERLY. I offer a resolution call-
ing for information, and 1 ask for its present
consideration.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be, and hereby is, requested to transmit to the Senate,
if not iucompatible with the public interest, tho
following information : 11
I. When unci where since March 1, lco9, the Army
or Navy of theUnited States, or any portion thereof, I
has been employed to aid the civil potter, Mate or
Federal, either by enforcing revenue lawn, or assist- ,
ing in any manner at State or Federal elections or '
contests arising out of the same, or preserving the \
public peace, (except in what are known as Indian j
disturbance?, or in maintaining tho neutrality laws
of the United States,) or in any way whatever other ■
than in the guarding and preservation of torts, posts,
and the places and propeity of the United States. ;
It On whose request, advice, or representation, t
either verbal or wiitten, the Army or Navy was }
thus employed in each case, together with copies oi j
all letters, dispatches, or papers from Government !
officers or civilians, which are in possession ot the ;
Executive or any of its departments or bureaus j
advising, asking, or justifying such employment. # ;
III. Complete copies ofali orders, dispatches, requi- 1
-itions, approvals, or reports made in each case, either
■ by the President, the Secretary of War, the> sfec- ,
| retary of the Navy, or any military or naval officer,
j together with a statement of what were the dispo- 1
i sitionsin detail madcof the Army and Navy in each ;
! ease, and what outers weio issued for such disposi- [
tions and for the arming and other preparation ;
of said Array and Navy, with copies of all reports j
made of what took place under the aforesaid outers, 1
dispatches, requisitions, or approvals,  nd oi any i
information respecting the same.
IV. An estimate in each case ot what was or will
be the probable cost to theGovernrnent of such em-
ployment of the military or naval forces, including
the pay and rations of officers and men and the
transportation ot them, their arms, munitions, and
supplies. , . , ,
V. A copy of all orders or regulations, printed or
written, general or special, in force in the military
or naval service of this Government at this time, pre-
scribing the circumstances under which the Army, tbe
Navy, or any portion thereof, may in time of peace
move or otherwise act m aid of the civil power, and
, ordaining what civil officer, if any, shall be respons-
i! ible for the conduct of the military or naval forces
! toward the people, or for injuries inflicted by them
on the people on such occasions, in -violation of the
law of the land. TT ^ c
VI. What civil officers of the United Slates or of
any State have been since March 4,1H60, or are now
recogni/.ed by the Administration as having author-
ity otherwise than by tbe requisition of the Legis-
lature or Governor ot a State to call upon the Pres-
ident or directly, without his intervention, upon a
commander in the Army or Navy, for the services
ot the Army and Navy upon the ground ot executing
the laws of the United States orot a State, or ot
regulating elections or the registration oi voters, or
of preserving the public peace within the limits of
any State oi the Union ; and whether or not, when
such commander is so called upon by a civil officer
of the United States, or of a State, he is permitted
to make independent inquiry into the circumstances
of the case, or to exercise his own .discretion as to
the necessity and extent of the military or naval
services to be rendered by the forces under his com-
mand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution?
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, the Secre-
tary has read that resolution very clearly and
very distinctly, and read it very well, and I
have listened very attentively to it; but as it is
so long, occupying four solid pages of manu-
script, I certainly have not the capacity to
carry along in my memory every distinct point.
It is so broad that I think it had better He over
until to-morrow.
Mr. DRAKE. And be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The present con-
sideration of the resolution is objected to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask that an order be
made for printing it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri has already made that sugges-
tion. The Chair hears no objection to it; and
the resolution is ordered to be printed.
public buildings in california.
Mr. COLE. -I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration :
lieaohed. That tho Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds of the Senate be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of erecting a building for the
use oi' the Government offices on the unappropriated
portion of the custom-house block in the city of San
Francisco; and also to inquiro into the expediency
of erecting a building at the city of Sacramento for
a post office and for the use of other United States
offices in that city; and that they report by bill or
otherwise.
I will state that I think these subjects are
already before the committee in the form of
petitions from the citizens of those localities,
and this resolution proposes to ask for action
upon those petitions.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
miami reservation in kansas.
Mr. ROSS. X ask for the consideration now
of the resolution offered by me yesterday in
relation to the disposal of the Miami Indian
lands in Kansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the resolution offered by him
yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the follow-
ing resolution;
Whereas it is alleged that frauds are being perpe-
trated m the disposal of the lands embraced lu the
Miami Indian reservation in Kansas; it is therefore
Jtevolved, That the Committeeon Indian Affairs is
hereby directed to inquire whether it is not advisa-
ble to direct a suspension of the issu.mee of patents
or other evidences of title to said lands until such
action may be taken for their disposal as is contem-
plated by tho terms ot the treaty of 18o4 with said
Miami Indians.
The resolution was agreed to.
adjournment to monday.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day it
be to meet on Monday next.
committee service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
take this occasion to announce tbe appoint-
ment of Senators to fill vacancies upon com-
mittees, in accordance with the authority con-
ferred upon him this morning. By the thirty-
fourth rule of the Senate, the Committee on
Engrossed Bills should consist of three Sen-
ators, whereas only two have been appointed
at this session. The Chair now appoints to fill
the vacancy upon the Committee on Mines and
Mining, Mr. Hamilton, of Maryland ; upon the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, Mr. Lewis ; and
upon the Committee on Engrossed Bills, Mr.
Johnston.
executive session.
Mr. ANTHONY; I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after one
hour and fifteen minutes spent in executive
session the doors were reopened, and the ben-
ate (at two o'clock and eight minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
