878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
understand the pnrpose of taking up the bill.
If the bill is proposed to be taken up for the
purpose of allowing the Senator from Louis-
iana to make his remarks, I shall certainly
vote for the motion with great cheerfulness;
but if the bill is to be taken up for the purpose
of proceeding with it until a vote is reached,
that is a very different matter.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is the purpose I.
have in view.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we can accom-
plish it in this way: I do not wish to cut off
the Senator from Louisiana from making any
observations that he desires to make. That
is a courtesy which we have always granted to
members in the Senate, and I have no objec-
tion to the bill being taken up for that pur-
pose : but I give notice that as soon as I can
get the floor at the conclusion of his remarks
1 shall move to lay the bill on the table; not
that I have any particular hostility to this
special bill, but because I am opposed to the
granting of any subsidies.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well; let that be
the test.
Mr. SHERMAN. That motion not being
debatable, it would be a test of the sense of
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays on the motion of the Senator
from Oregon ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. While the suggestion
made by the Senator from Ohio is very con-
venient in some respects, it is quite objection-
able, I think, in others. I do not wonder that
the Senator from Rhode Islands wants to know
before he votes the understanding with which
the present bill is to be taken up, and I think
he would have sufficient occasion to feel some
solicitude in that regard if it were only for the
fact that the newspapers of the country treat
in such a singular way the subject now under
discussion. I, for one, have never yet seen a
subsidy bill, as it is called, for steamships,
which I had made up my mind to vote for,
which I was willing to vote for, and yet a bill
cannot be introduced for reference to a com-
mittee without its conveying apparently to the
public the idea that the Senator who intro-
duces such a bill is especially committed to
that bill, and is going to espouse it through-
out.
Now, if this bill be taken up as a matter of
courtesy toward the Senator from Louisiana, I
shall be very glad to have that done; but if it
is to be taken up without that definite under-
standing, then I should feel very differently in
regard to it. Although I do not, I hope, attach
undue importance to the impression made by
the proceedings of the Senate beyond tke Sen-
ate itself, yet I think it is not worth while,
without understanding it, to have any motion
prevail which will carry abroad the idea that
we have entered upon the business of steam-
ship subsidies. It is a very important subject.
It is a subject which I am willing to vote. c.t the
proper time, to consider; but I am entirely
unwilling to give any vote which commits me
to any single bill, or to any bill whatever, or
to bills in general on the subject.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Taking up the bill does
not commit you.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator before me
very properly remarks that the taking up of a
bill does not commit anybody to it. I will re-
mind him that introducing a bill for reference
to a committee is as much a matter of course
in the Senate as presenting a petition ; and
yet when I introduced a bill myself, merely for
the purpose of reference, I find itstated in the
Chicago Tribune, for example, at the length of
columns, that I ana especially wedded to that
bill, that it is my bill, that it contains a job,
and that I am seeking to put through this job.
Very well, Mr. President; I have no objec-
tion to Jhe Chicago Tribune discussing me or
the proceedings of the Senate in that way;
but I take this occasion to file a caveat for
myself, both in reference to this bill and all
these bills, against that mode of treating the
proceedings of the Senate. A man comes to
me with a bill relating to a particular subject,
proper and suitable in its terms; I do not feel
at liberty to deny him the privilege of having
that bill referred to a committee for consider-
ation : but if it relates to steamships, even
that cannot be done without its being under-
stood by great bodies of the people that the
Senator who introduces it is committed to it.
So when we move to take np this subject I
admit, as the Senator says, it ought not to be
held that any Senator who so votes is com-
mitted to the merits of the bill; but it seems
to be a fashion, an understanding, a sort of
common law of public rumor now, that, on
this one subject, a vote cannot be given to
allow a man to be heard before a committee,
or to allow a scheme to be considered in the
Senate without that vote, thereby meaning
that the Senator who gives it is committed all
the way through to the destinies and merits
of that bill.
Now, as I rose to say, I shall vote very
gladly to take np this bill for the purpose of
enabling the Senator from Louisiana to make
remarks apon it. If it is to be taken up for
consideration, I am not prepared to give even
that vote; and when the Senator from Ohio
moves to lay it on the table, although that may
furnish a test, not being a debatable motion
it will preclude every Senator from assigning
the reasons he may have for voting one way
or the other. Therefore I think the bill had
better be taken np, merely for the purpose of
allowing the Senator from Louisiana to make
his remarks; and then upon some different
question, if it is desirable to make one, which
is debatable and which will not cut off debate,
let evtry Senator assign his reasons for the
vote he shall give.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, it seems to me
the honorable Senator from New York is over-
sensitive on this subject. The honorable Sen-
ator cannot be unaware that there is a great
cry from a large majority of the people of this
country to reinstate, if possible, our commerce
upon the seas. For myself, I am not afraid to
say here and everywhere that I am in favor
of reinstating that commerce and of increasing
that commerce by all proper means that Con-
gress can provide, and I am willing to be
heralded in the papers as being an earnest, if
not an able, advocate for the reinstatement
of the commerce of our own country upon the
seas.
What particular measure I am in favor of it
is perhaps best not now to state; but, sir, if
the honorable Senator from New York or any
other Senator expects to stifle debate and the
consideration of that question, he is entirely
mistaken. The voice comes up to us from
every quarter of adwarfedand dying commerce
demaudingat the handsof the legislative power
of this nation a proper consideration at least
of that great subject; and it will have it, and
my honorable friend from New York will not
be able to prevent it, nor will the honorable
Senator from Ohio, who seeks to take this
question up merely as a matter of courtesy.
Sir, I will go ag far in courtesy as any other
man; but this subject is too large, it is too
important to be dealt with upon the mere
question of courtesy alone. I am in favor of
taking up this measure. I do not know that I
am in favor of this particular bill; I have
never read it; but I am in favor of this whole
subject being discussed, as discussed it will be,
and the quicker we get at it the better. The
honorable Senator from New York undoubt-
edly will share iu that discussion, and he will
give such reasons, if they can be given, as will
convince the Senate that it is improper to sub-
sidize any line, if that should be the judg
ment of the Senate, I shall be satisfied; but I
shall not be satisfied and the country will not
be satisfied if the subject does not receive a
fair, manlv discussion upon the merits of the
several bills presented.
I discard all idea of fastidiousness on this
subject. I am the friend of rebuilding the
commerce of this nation, and let the papers
say what they please about it. What particular
measure will revive it I leave for the assem-
bled wisdom of Congress, if they can uuite
upon it, to determine; but whatever it is, if it
will have that end, it will receive my support.
Sir, I think the magnitude of this ques-
tion deserves consideration, and consideration
now; and therefore I am opposed to having it
expressly understood that this great subject is
taken up and to be discussed as a matter of
courtesy to the honorable Senator from Louisi-
ana. It should be discussed upon its own
great and commanding merits. Commerce is
the great artery through which the life-blood
of a nation flows, and the more rapid tneflow
and the greater the flood the more prosperous
is the nation. Therefore, I ask at the hands
of the American Senate that they will give
this subject that consideration to which it is
entitled. Let the world know whether we are
to make an effort, by subsidy or otherwise, to
rebuild our wasted commerce. It is due to
the world, it is due to the energetic men who
appeal to us to consider their projects, and let
each be passed upon on its merits.
I ask the Senate of the United States, upon
what greater subject can they spend a day or
two than upon this great question of com-
merce? Every appropriation bill that is ready
for action has been passed to-day. Whenever
appropriation bills come in I will lend my aid
to give them immediate attention. But, sir,
in the interim. I deny that there is any ques-
tion now pending before the American Con-
gress that is entitled to higher and fairer con-
sideration than the question of rebuilding our
commerce. I hope that the Senate will act in
a spirit of manly independence,. and say to
these people whether or not their propositions
are to be considered; say whether or not the
deliberate judgment of the assembled wisdom
of both Houses of Congress is against making
any effort to revive our commerce. If it is the
settled judgment of the two Houses of Con-
gress that we should draw ouiselves within
our shell, that our mails should be carried
under every flag but our own, the quicker the
world knows it the better.
I hope most sincerely that this question will
not be taken up asa matter of courtesy, but as
a matter of commanding right and interest to
this nation; and I ask Senators to act upon it
as they would act upon any other question. I
do not quite understand the sensitiveness of
the Senator from Ohio. He says it is a ques-
tion of money. Let the Senate then decide
it upon discussion, and if they agree with the
honorable Senator from Ohio, I shall be con-
tent with their decision, although differing in
opinion with regard to it. But I repeat that
it demands at the hands of the council of the
nation immediate, earnest, and honest atten-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President. I deem this a
proper time to say a general word 011 the sub-
ject of subsidies in relerence to the particular
question iu connection with that subject which
is before the Senate.
1 am a friend to American commerce ; I am
a friend to American shipping; and I waut
to see by ail legitimate means American com-
merce and American shipping restored to their
former ascendency. 1 doubt whether granting
subsidies is the best mode of aiding to that
great national end. I am opposed in princi-
ple and feeling and in every property of my
nature to monopolies : and, as connected with
that feeling, 1 am opposed, as a general rule,
to all subsidies; and the history of subsidies
in congressional legislation for the last year
or two has not at all conciliated my opposition
to them.
Now, I throw it out as a suggestion to my
honorable and ablo friend from Nevada and
