1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
879
to the friends not of subsidies but of Amerioan
commerce and American shipping and of equal
and just legislation upon these subjects as upon
all oilier subjects by Congress, whether the
best, the most equal, the most effective mode
of promoting a restoration of American ship-
ping and American commerce would not be
to permit iron ships to be purchased by our
citizens in foreign countries and brought here
duty free.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me a word? I agree with him on that subject
entirely, and that is a part of this dissuasion;
it is why I say that the importance of the ques-
tion demands diseussion. That is one of the
considerations.
Mr. DAVIS. I will make one other remark.
I am satisfied that in the present condition of
the productive industry of the world in build-
ing ships, and the experience of the world as
to the best material for building ships, espe-
cially in the fast lines of commercial.intercom-
munieation, timber has gone out forever as one
of the principal materials of ship-building;
that instead of timber iron has been and will
continue still further to be used as the great
element in building ships; that owing to the
enormous taxation which exists in our conn-
try upon labor, upon the whole subsistence of
the laborer, upon all the necessaries of life,
and upon all the raw material that is brought
from abroad for the purpose of ship-building,
or that enteis into ship-building, it is uttei'ly
impossible for the industry and the artisans of
our country, under the existing condition of
things, to enter into competition with the ship-
builders across the ocean in the production of
iron ships. I therefore believe that it would
not seriously interfere with American industry
to allow the purchase of iron ships abroad and
their importation here duty free, and that that
would give essential aid and facility to those
gentlemen who wish to enter into commercial
pursuits, and their friends who wish to bring
back the former high position of our country
in commerce and in ship-building.
I suggest, then, to the honorable Senator
from Nevada, and to every friend of American
commerce and of American ships engaged in
foreign commerce, whether or not they had
not better withdraw their attention from sub-
sidies, that are nothing more than monopolies,
that are confined to rings, the chief object and
effect of which is to enrich a few people with-
out permitting the competition of the country
at large in the matter of ship-building. I ask
•them whether it is not the juster, the more
liberal, the more effective and wiser and more
politic mode of promoting ship-building and
American commerce to permit every man who
wishes to enter into it to go abroad and to pur-
chase an iron ship and bring it here dutyfree.
Mr. COHBETT. I should like to ask the
Senator from Kentucky 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to state that the motion pending is to take
up the bill, and debate on the merits of the
bill is not in order under the rule. The Chair
slates this because he was temporarily out
of his place when the motion was made.
Mr. COHBETT. I simply wish to put a
question to the Senator from Kentucky. Take
the case of an English line that has its ships
built in its own country, where they build ships
cheaper than we do here, and that has a sub-
sidy from the English Government of five
hundred thousand or a million dollars. If we
allow ships to come from abroad into this
country duty free, can we compete with that
country which gives a subsidy to that line
which competes with our shipping?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer that question
ivhen it legitimately comes up, but I will say
at this point that to permit our commercial
men to go abroad and buy ships and bring
them here duty free would certainly give them
very great aid.
Mr. HARLAN. It is manifest, I think,
that this question cannot be taken without
debate; and 1 therefore move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. NYE. I think we can get a vote on
this question.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa give way for a vote? The
Senator from Maine has risen 
Mr. HARLAN. I will give way for a vote.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will yield anything I
have to say for a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate on the
merits is not in order.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish simply to express
the hope that the bill will come up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it had better
come up in the morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion falls
with the day unless unanimous consent be given
to have it considered the unfinished business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe it was stated
that by unanimous consent the motion was to
come up at one o'clock to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that thaf was not propounded to the Sen-
Mr. SHERMAN. I think, if it be submitted
to the Senate now, it will be agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks unanimous consent that this motion
may be regarded as pending at one o'clock to-
morrow as the unfinished business of to-day—
the motion to proceed to the consideration of
this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object; not that I have
any special objection rn this case, but I do not
like that way of doing business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in
accordance with the usage of the Senate. The
motion fails with the day.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is for the purpose
of hearing the Senator from Louisiana submit
his remarks, certainly I shall not object to
that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do Hot wish to agree to
any understanding that when the bill is up it
shall not be proceeded with.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope that this bill will
be taken up. I desire to be heard upon it. I
suppose that the same vote which takes the bill
up will table it, if the Senate sees fit, after I
shall have made the remarks I desire to sub-
mit. I cannot, of course, in good faith ask
that this bill be taken up merely for the pur-
pose of my being heard, irrespective of the
interests of other gentlemen who have other
bills at heart and who desire that they should
be considered by the Senate. I cannot do
that; I am estopped, I think, in all fairness,
from doing it. I have stated fully to the Sen-
ate what 1 desire. I think the bill is entitled
to consideration, and I should like to have it
taken up by the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Inasmuch as I under-
stand the suggestion of my friend from Ohio
was made for the purpose of hearing the re-
marks of the Senator from Louisiana, I cer-
tainly shall not interpose any objection for
this occasion to having that understanding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont withdraws the objection. If
there is no further objection the motion will
be regarded as pending at one o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. FOWLER rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Tennessee object?
Mr. FOWLER. I rose to make an objec-
tion, because I think we can take the vote
now. I do not see any reason why we should
not.
Mr. ANTHONY. Allow me to suggest that
if to-morrow at one o'clock the Senator from
Louisiana rises and says that he desires^ to
take up this bill for the purpose of making
some remarks on it, I am quite sure no Sen-
ator wiM object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand the objec-
tion is withdrawn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Tennessee withdraw hi? objection?
Mr. FOWLER. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further objection, the motion will be regarded
as the unfinished business of to-day, to come
up at one o'clock to-morrow.
executive session.
Mr. HARLAN. I renew the motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After one hour and forty-four min-
utes spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened: and (at five o'clock p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 1, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
knoxville, tennessee, a p<3rt of delivery.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report a Mil
to reestablish Knoxville, Tennessee, a port of
delivery.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections, if any, will
be in order.
The bill was read. It proposes to repeal febe
act approved on the 11th July, 1862, entitled
"An act to abolish certain ports of delivery
in the Mississippi valley," so far only as the
same relates to Knoxville, in the State of'Ten-
nessee.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does this bill come from
the Committee on Commerce?
The SPEAKER. It is reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,]
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire to state
that all those bills relating to ports of delivery
have uniformly been referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and have been in the hands of
a sub-committee of that committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the bill is not before the House.
pubmc documents.
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Appropria-
tions a joint resolution (II. R. No. 483) to
authorize the Secretary of the Interior to dis-
pose of certain documents; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. LAWRENCE. _ I ask that the joint
resolution be put On its passage, and desire
to submit as the basis for the resolution the
following communication from the Secretary
of the Interior:
Depaktmext of the Ixteisiok.
Washington, D. C., January 21, J871.
Sir : I have the honor to report,, that on assuming
the control of this Department X found that a large
quantity of public documents had accumulated m
the rooms of the Interior Department buildings.-
They are comparatively of but little use or value.
In regard to most of them, the Secrotary of the
Iuterior is without authority to make any proper
disposition.
Owingto the want of accommodation in the Depart-
ment. and the propriety of carrying into" effect the'
intention of Congress in relation-to the distribution
of public documents, I respectfully ask legislation
on this subject: and therefore submit the inclosed
draft of a joint resolution which I think ^flgivcttwi
Department the necessary authority in the matter.
C. DELANO,
Secretary of the Interior.
lion. James G. Blaise, ' ,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
The resolution reported from the committee
differs from that reco.mmewled by the Secretary
of the Interior in so-me respects.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
(hat whenever (here shall be in the custody
