880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBK.
February 1,
of the Department of the Interior any sets of
tbe documents of any session of Oeagtess, or
other documents or odd volumes not neees-
sary to supply deficiencies or losses that may
happen in the Library of Congress, in that of
either of the Executive Departments of' the
national Government, in State libraries, or in
territorial libraries, the Secretaty of the Inte-
rior shall distribute such documents and vol-
umes as nearly equally as practicable to the
several Senators, .Representatives, and Dele-
gates in Congress, for distribution to public,
libraries and other literary institutions in their
respective districts, and such documents and
volumes now on hand shall be so distributed
for said purposes to the Senators, Representa-
tives, and Delegates of the Forty-First Con-
gress
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; .and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed. •
Mr. LAWRENCE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
■WILLIAM II. POWKLL.
Mr. GETZ, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. .484) of
inquiry relative to the contract with William
H. Powell, artist, for the painting of a picture
ior the national Capitol illustrative of some
naval victory, as authorized by resolution of
Congress, approved March 2. 1865; which was
read a first, and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Library.
JAMBS II. 31EKKIS AND OTHERS.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. II. No. 2915) for the relief
of Jaoie3 H. Meekin, Charles Meekin, Martin
H. Jleekin, and George W. Aitken. citizens
of Indiana : which was read a first and second
timp, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
tokm of exacting clauses.
.Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the House
bill No. 1351, which has been returned from
the Senate with amendments, for the purpose
ot' disagreeing to those amendments and ask-
ing a committee of conference.
There was no objection; and the bill (S. R.
No. 1301) prescribing the form of the enacting
and resolving clauses of acts and resolutions
of Congress, and rules for the construction
thereof, was taken from the Speaker's table,
and the amendments of the Senate disagreed
to : and it was ordered that a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses be asked.
rllazil coffee.
Mr. SWANN. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution :
llcnofoetl. That the Secretary of the Treasury he
requested to communicate to this House a statement
of the number of bags of Brazil colfee imported into
the United States at. each port of entry, together
with the amount of net weight thereof, and of the
liquidated duty for each respective port, say. New
Urleans, Mobile, Baltimore, and Jiew York, the same
to include a period of two years.
Mr. KELSEY. We get all that information
in the statistics published monthly by the Sta-
tistical Bureau.
Mr. SWANN. I think the gentleman will
find that that information has nbt been com-
municated.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
sale of arms.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. t I ask unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution:
liesohed. That the Secretary of War be requested
to furnish this House with a statement of all arms
gold by the Government since July 1,1870.specify-
ing dates of such sales, prices realized, from what
arsenals sold, to whom sold, under what law aDd by
wnose directions such sales were made, and whether
such sales were advertised.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not think it neces-
sary to fight over the European war here. I
object.
Mail service.
Mr. MOREY, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, Tbatthe Postmaster General be requested
to furnish this House with information as to the
amount of services performed on route No. 6162, as per
his report, the said route being the steamship route
from Baltimore to New Orleans, stating by whom
such service is performed, the date of commencement
and termination of said contract, and whether the
mail is carried between any intermediate points.
claims commission.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, by
unanimous consent, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2917) to
provide a board of commissioners for the
examination of claims; which was read a first
and second time, recommitted to the commit-
tee, and ordered to be printed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. BETHUNE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. 11. No. 20f8) to relieve
certain citizens of Georgia from political dis-
abilities ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Commttee on
Reconstruction.
Mr. BARRY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2919) for the removal
of political disabilities; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the select
Committee on Reconstruction.
statue of abraham lincoln.
Mr. BEATTY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was read,
and referred to the Committee on Printing :
jResolved, That five thousand copies of the pro-
ceedings attending the ceremony of unveiling the
statue of Abraham Lincoln in the Rotunda of the
Capitol on Wednesday evening, January 25, together
with the addresses delivered on that occasion, be
printed in pamphlet form, for the use of the mem-
bers of this House.
reconsideration.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
various votes taken this morning; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I now call for the regu-
lar order of business.
oath of office.
The House resumed as the regular order of
business the consideration of the bill (S. No.
218) prescribing an oath of office to be taken
by persons who participated in the late rebel-
lion, but who are not disqualified from hold-
ing office by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United Slates, reported
yesterday from the select Committee on Recon-
struction, upon which Mr. Butler, of Massa-
chusetts, was entitled to the floor, thirty-five
minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
ten minutes to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Upsox,] who is a member of the Committee
on Reconstruction.
Mr. UPSON. Mr. Speaker, having been a
member of the sub-committee to which this
bill was referred by the Committee on Recon-
struction, and having reported in favor of its
passage, I ask the attention of the House to a
statement of some of the reasons why it should
be passed. The law requiring every person
elected or appointed to any office of honor or
profit under the Government of the United
States, excepting the President, to take the
oath commonly called the test-oath, or the
iron-clad oath, was enacted during the rebel-
lion, when it was necessary to exclude from
office every man who had in any manner taken
part against the Government or given aid and
comfort to its enemies. This law made but
one exception, and provided no mode in which
the disabilities thus created could be removed.
After the close of the war it became an im-
portant question whether any, and if so how
many, of those who had engaged in the rebel-
lion should be allowed to hold office. This
subject received the earnest consideration of
Congress for a long time, and the final result
was that Congress proposed and n large major-
ity of the States ratified the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution. The third section
of tbis amendment provides that—
" No person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Presi-
dent, or hold any office, civil or military, under the
United States or under any State who. having pre-
viously taken an oath as a member of Congress, or
as an officer of the United States, or ns a member
of any State Legislature, or as an executive or judi-
cial officer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United States, shall h=tve engaged in insur-
rection or rebellion against the same, or given aid
or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress
may, by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove
such disability."
It has been argued by able lawyers that this
amendment, by thus describing the persons who
shall be disqualified from holding office by rea-
son of their having engaged in insurrection or
rebellion does, in fact, repeal the law imposing
the test-oath. This is, 1 think, going too far;
but it seems to me that the adoption of this
amendment does clearly show the judgment of
the people that the persons therein described,
and no others, should be deprived of the right
to hold office. After this amendment was pro-
posed Congress, by the law of July, 1868, pre-
scribed a form of oath to be taken by those
whose disabilities should be removed by a two-
thirds vote of each House, but left unrepealed
the test-oath law. We have, then, this strange
and inconsistent state of the law, that while
those whose guilt is the most, aggravated, those
who by engaging in rebellion after having
sworn to support the Constitution have added
the crime of perjury to that of treason, may be
restored to all of their former rights and privi-
leges as citizens of the United States, there is
no legal mode in which those persons whose
crimes are comparatively small can be relieved
from disabilities created, not by the Constitu-
tion, but by this law. 1 know that some per-
sons have brought themselves within the letter
of the law by falsely admitting that they were
under the disabilities mentioned in the four-
teenth amendment and obtaining the removal
of those disabilities, but this is a mere evasion
of the law. This bill substantially repeals the
law requiring the test-oath, and I prefer to vote
for it because it will effect that object without
further action on the part of the Senate. It
is certainly time that we should remove this
unjust discrimination against the smaller and '
in favor of the greater criminals.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I would have
preferred if the Senate bill had provided sim-
ply for the repeal of what is known as the
(1 iron-clad oath'' of 1802, and for the reason
that the oath was, in my judgment, superseded
by the provision of the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution, and from the
day of the adoption of that amendment, should
not have remained upon the statute-book.
Mr. Speaker, as has been remarked, a new
official oath was prescribed by the Congress of
the United States, in 1868, as to persons whoso
disabilities under the fourteenth article of
amendments had been removed. While the
"ironclad oath" remains as to all persons
not under disabilities, it does not remain as to
that class of personsfrom whom, by the action
of Congress, disabilities have been removed.
Gentlemen standliere and ask, " Why should
you require a loyal man to take the iron-clad
oath?" I answer back, why should you excuse
a man who broke his oath to enter upon the
work of the rebellion from taking the iron-
clad oath, and deny that privilege to the man
who never committed that offense at all ? This
act of the Senate merely puts those who never
did violate an oath to enter upon rebellion upon
a footing with those who did, and whose dis-
abilities have been removed. It ought to occur
to the House that this is simply equal-handed
justice, andnha#the*eis nJUj&.io.Mtftr.Qf the
