54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
The Secretary read as follows:
Meaohed, That on Monday next at one o'clock the
Senate will proceed to the consideration of the Cal-
endar, and bills that are not objocfed to shall be
taken up in their order; and each Senator shall be
en titled to speak once, and for five minutes only, on
each question; and this order sba,U be enforced daily
at one o'clock till the end of the Calendar is reached,
unless upon motion the Senate should, at any time,
otherwise order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless there be
further morning business, if there be no objec-
tion, the Chair will regard one o'clock as
having been reached and the execution of this
order commenced. It will be so ordered.
The Secretary will report the first bill on the
. Calendar.
franking privilege.
The Secretary. The first bill on the
Calendar is the bill (II. R. No. 986) to abolish
the franking privilege.
Mr. DRAKE. I object.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us pass that bill now.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is no objection to
that, I imagine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is objec-
tion by two Senators.
Mr. CONKLING. Who objects?
Mr. RAMSEY. Where does the objection
come from?
Mr. CONKLING. No Senator rose and
objected.
Mr. DRAKE. I object to it for this rea-
son : that there is now pending a bill revising
all the laws connected with the Post Office
Department, and this subject should be con-
sidered in connection with that bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I am sorry that the Sen-
ator has no better reason.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri has objected to the present consider-
ation of the bill, and it is therefore not subject
to debate. Where a bill is objected to it is not
subject to five minutes' debate by each Senator.
The bill will be passed over.
atlantic and pacific railroad.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 401) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the States of
Missouri and Arkansas to the Pacific coast by
the southern route," approved July 27, 1860.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. When last con-
sidered this bill was leported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and the question was on
concurring in an amendment. Is there objec-
tion to its present consideration?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
IheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Rhode Island objects; and the bill will be passed
over.
sea islands of beaufort.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 2<32) to provide for the sale of certain
lots and lauds of the sea islands of Beaufort
county, South Carolina, and for other pur-
poses.
Air. WILSON. Let that be put on its pas-
Mr. BAYARD. Let it lie over.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware desires the bill to lie over. This
exhausts the list of special orders; and the
. Secretary will now report the general orders.
schooner l. s. davis.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2200) to carry into effect the decree
of the circuit court of the United States for
the southern district of Now York in the case
of the schooner L. S. Davis and her cargo.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill has
passed bolh Houses, but there is an amend-
ment pending between the two Houses. The
Senate, on the 14th of July, 1870, receded
from its amendment, and on the 15th recoil
sidered the vote on the question of receding,
and the question again recurs on the motion
of the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr, Cabpex-
ter,] that the Senate recede from its amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
first ask if there is objection to the consider-
ation of the bill. The Chair hears no objec-
tion ; it is before the Senate, and the Senator
from Kentucky is recognized.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the only ques-
tion between the two Houses in relation to this
bill is a question of interest. The Government
of the United States is a stakeholder of a sal-
vage fund that belongs to a ship. The com-
mittee of the House of Representatives reported,
a bill for the payment of the money, charging
the Government with interest on the money
which it held as a stakeholder. The report of
the committee of the Senate simply departed
from the House bill upon the point of interest,
and our committee reported a bill to pay the
money without interest.
Well, Mr. President, how far the Govern-
ment is responsible for interest to its creditors
is rather an unsettled question; but I believe
that there is not an example in the legislation
of Congress in which the Government has been
charged where it was simply a stakeholder. It
seemed to me that the claimants of this fund
ought to have been satisfied with the recom-
mendation of the Senate's committee, that the
amount be appropriated without interest. I
therefore hope that the amendment of the Sen-
ate will be adhered to, because I believe that
it is right in principle, and that it is not wrong
in abstract justice..
It is a very unsettled question whether the
Government is ever responsible for interest or
not. There is a great want of uniformity of
precedent and practice on the part of the Gov-
ernment in relation to the question of interest;
but when the Government occupies the posi-
tion of a stakeholder, and is willing to respond
to the party who is entitled to the money in
the amount of the principal, I do not think
that the practice or the policy of the Govern-
ment ought to allow it to be charged with
interest. I therefore, for myself, deem it right,
and recommend to the Senate that they adhere
to the amendment which was proposed by the
Senate's committee to the House bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not quite understand
the disposition that my friend from Kentucky
desires to make of this bill. I would suggest
to him that I have looked at these papers since
the report was made, and I think he is laboring
under a misapprehension as it respects where
this interest that is spoken of lies. As I under-
stand it, the interest that is the subject of his
amendment was interest allowed by the circuit
court in the ordinary course of its constant
jurisprudence against the claimants, and in
favor of the salvor upon a judgment rendered.
If that is true, then I submit, in analogy to all
the bills we have passed in regard to such
cases, that the case differs from what it would
be if it were a claim allowed by Congress for
interest against an executive department, it
being a part of the judgment of the court.
1 would suggest to my friend from Kentucky
whether it would not be agreeable to him to
have the bill and amendment committed to his
committee for investigation into the fact; be-
cause it may be, if the fact is as I have stated,
that he will be satisfied to concur in the action
of the House.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to the
course suggested by the honorable Senatorfrom
Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I move that the bill
and amendment be committed to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
management of indians.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 010) to promote the civilization of the
Indians, and to prepare them for the rights and
duties of citizenship.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
passed by the Senate on the 23d of March,
1870, and the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stew-
art] entered a motion to recousider the vote
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am not
going to stand opposed to the will of the Sen-
ate by objecting to the consideration of this
bill. However, I fear great evils from ita
passage. It places extraordinary powers in
the hands of a commission. If they should
turn out to be men entirely worthy, of course
it would work great good; but they have such
power that if they turn out to be bad men
they can do an immense amount of harm. If
they are inefficient, if there is a want of judg-
ment, or anything of that kind, great mischief
will result, for there are very few checks upon
them: they have almost dictatorial power in
this Indian business.
It is well known that I differ with almost-
everybody here in regard to the proper treat-
mentof the Indians. I believe that our system
of treating the Indians will prevent any of them
ever becoming civilized. I believe that if the
Indians had been let alone, to work out their
own civilization without being supported in
idleness, we should have them now in the
Senate and in the other House. I believe
they are capable of civilization; but in my
judgment labor is the foundation of civiliza-
tion. I do not believe it is possible to civilize
people until they have learned to labor. I
have observed some of the effects of this in
my own State. You give us a very small
appropriation, of from fifteen to twenty thou-
sand dollars a year, and we have quite a
large numberof Indians, variously estimated at
from eight to twelve thousand. Fifteen or
twenty thousand dollars for such a number of
Indians is nothing compared to your ordinary
appropriations for the Indian service. The
Indians there have not come in contact with,
the whites to any very great extent, and the
result has been that a large number of them
have gone to work. As I was traveling over
the Stale this fall I found them everywhere
herding stock, cutting wood, and learning the
value of property and money, and advancing,
although very slowly. Although they are not
in a condition of great advancement, still they
are very much more advanced than those who
have been fed for the last hundred years, and
they are very much better Indians.
This bill proposes to inaugurate a very ex-
travagant policy. If it should happen to be
the opinion of these commissioners that we
must be exceedingly generous to the Indians,
and appropriate very large amounts of money,
extravagant amounts, as we are very likely to
do, and feed them in idleness, the result would
be that they would depend entirely on the
appropriations made for them, and would not
attempt to provide for themselves, and the
whole appropriation would amount to a large
corruption fund all around, doing more harm
than good.
While I believe in treating the Indian^,
humanely and gently, and in giving them every
chance to improve, I know that there is noth-
ing so bad forthem as the lavish expenditure of
money on them; and I suppose it would be so
with any other class of people. If you attempt
to support in idleness a people who have never
learned to labor they never will learn to labor.
I understand that the drift of this measure is
to inaugurate rather an extravagant system of
attempting to educate Indians without labor,
attempting to buy our peace with them more
extravagantly than we are now doing. If such
be the case i should be very sorry to have the
bill pass. I shall not object to the bill coming
UP consideration. 1 do not want to be
placed in that situation. I am willing that it.
should come up, but I would like to have it
read through, so that the Senate may under-
stand it. i will not stand in the way of its
consideration if the Senate desire to proceed
with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no*
