1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. %
881
proposition to commend it as it now stands
which never did exist to commend it in the
other case at all 5 never. It became a neces-
sity in 1862 to require of United States officers
the iron-clad oath, and that was the reason
of its enactment. And because, after disabil-
ities were removed, while the oath remained
unchanged the officer-elect could not enter
upon the discharge of his duties Congress
passed the act of 1868i
Now, we are told that we must deny to the
people of the United States everywhere the
privilege that rightly belongs to them under
the Constitution of this country, to elect to
Federal offices those who are not under dis-
abilities imposed by the Constitution itself.
It is not competent for the Congress of the
United States to impose such disabilities; not
at all.
By the passage of the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States the will of the people was incorporated
in the Constitution to the effect that all per-
soas having the qualiScatious of age, citizen-
ship, and residence required by the Constitu-
tion for Federal offices, and not under the dis-
abilities named in the fourteenth amendment,
shall be elective to the offices designated in
the Constitution and laws, and if elected by
the people should enter upon the office.
I therefore make this appeal to-day, not so
much in behalf of the persons directly affected
by this bill as in behalf of the rights of the
American people. So long as your statute
remains unchanged you say to the voters of
every congressional district in America, that
although they should vote unanimously for a
citizen of the United States, resident in the
State, qualified as required by the Constitution
to represent them in the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, we willinterposethis iron-clad oath
and nullify their action. Sir, I deny the right
of the Congress of the United States, under
the circumstances, to do any such thing, and
for the simple reason that since the passage of
the act of 1862 prescribing the test-oath, the
people have declared their will and purpose in
this behalf, and the extent to which participa-
tion in rebellion shall disqualify for office, by
an express provision in the fourteenth article
of amendments and also the mode by which
such disabilities might be removed.
That was an instruction by the people to
the Congress of the United States to repeal
the test-oath. The question now comes before
us in this form. As I said in the outset, I
would have preferred aNsimple repeal of the
test-oath; but as the Senate have unanimously
passed this bill, and as it works substantially
the same result, in my opinion, I am in favor
of this bill as it now stands. It restores to
the people of the United States their own right
under, the Constitution to elect to the office of
Representative in Congress, and to every other
elective Federal office whatever, such citizens
of the United States as possess the qualifica-
tions required by the Constitution of the United
States. And for this reason, above all other
reasons, I ask that the House will concur in
the bill of the Senate and pass it. Gentlemen
know right well that it is substantially the
same thing as a repeal of the test-oath ; yet
by proposing, now to amend the bill so as to
repeal simply the law imposing the teat-oath,,
you will probably defeat your object by delay
in the Senate, as the Senate has no previous
question,' and is doubtless pressed for want
of time to consider the current business now
before them.
Sir, I care not in what way you obey the
people's will, but I ask the Republican liepre-
sentatives in Congress here assembled to heed
that will and regard it. I need not undertake
longer to say to the freemen of this country
that although they may unanimously elect to
office a man having the qualifications required
by the amended Constitution of the United
States, and not under either of the disabilities
therein imposed, and send him here to repre-
41st Gong. 3b Sbss.—No. 5C>.
sent them in Congress, we will disregard their
will, and say that he shall not qualify and take
his seat. Sir, a man who comes here with
such a title to represent the people should
no longer be restrained from tafiing the oath
prescribed in 1868 for those whose disabilities
have been removed by act of Congress. The
people did not interpose such a disability, nor
did they repose in Congress the power to con-
tinue in force the oath of 1862.
When the people in 1806 adopted the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
they notified the Congress of the United States
of the extent to which they desired men to be
held under disabilities by reason of their par-
ticipation in the rebellion. Sir, in passing
this bill, we will be simply discharging our
duty to the whole people of this country, not
simply to those who participated in the rebel-
lion, by saying to the people that hereafter we
will recognize their right under the Constitu-
tion of the United States to elect men to Fed-
eral offices. That is all I desire to say.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield five minutes to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Pi.att.]
Mr. PLATT. I would have preferred, Mr.
Speaker, that this bill should have provided
for the entire repeal of the iron-clad oath.
And had it been such a bill, I would have
voted for it with much more pleasure than I
shall now vote for the bill as it is. But as in
effect and practically it accomplishes the same
object which would be accomplished by a total
repeal of the iron-clad oath, I will vote for it;
and I hope that every gentlemen who desires
to see peace restored to the South, and to see
that party prevail which put down the rebel-
lion, will support this bill.
I stand here, Mr. Speaker, directed by the
Republican party of the State of Virginia, to
vote for the total repeal of all test-oaths and all
disfranchising clauses. That party in the State
of Virgiuia has time and again during the last
eighteen months put itself upon the record in
favor of thaj, policy; and, sir, I point to the
State of Virginia to-day as an evidence of the
effects of that policy of the South. Why is it
that we do not hear coming up from that State
the cry of outrages which we hear coining up
from other southern States? Because in that
State the Republican party has risen to the
demands of the occasion, has placed upon
record and adopted as part of its platform a
declaration in favor of general amnesty to all
the people of Virginia, and the repeal of all
these obnoxious relics of the rebellion.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman 
Mr. PLATT. I decline to be interrupted;
I have only five minutes. On the 26th of last
May there was held in the State of Virginia a
conference of representatives of the Repub-
lican party. My colleague [Mr. Porter] was
a member of a committee appointed by the
conference to draw resolutions for that body;
and as a member of that committee he reported
for incorporation in the platform a resolution
in favor of general amnesty, so sweeping in
its terms that at the suggestion of one of the
Senators from our State, Senator Lewis, it was
modified before being adopted as a part .of the
platform. Sir, I repel with indignation, on the
part of the Republican party of Virginia, a
statement made by my colleague in his speech
on the day before the adjournment for the
holidays. I deny that the Republican party
meant anything ambiguous by that resolution.
They meant it to be understood as broadly as
the language employed would indicate. That
resolution expresses their sentiment to-day.
Since its adoption a convention of the dele-
gates of that party from all parts of the State
which assembled last September has reaffirmed
that resolution adopted by the conference of
May last.
Sir, I am utterly surprised at the course of
my colleague in this House; for only two
months ago he stumped his district, the third
district of Virginia, as an advocate of general
amnesty. 'He- advocated it from the stump,
repelling with- ihdignation the charge that he
was- in favor of a continuation of the policy
of proscription; and I aver here to-day that
he would not have been elected to this House
if he had not taken that stand.
Look how this thing works withus. Eighteen
months ago, in. the election of 1869, when the
Republican party of Virginia advocated the
policy of incorporating in the constitution then
before the people of the State the disfran-
chising clauses of the fourteenth amendment
and the iron-clad oath, we were defeated from
the Atlantic ocean to the Alleghany mount-
ains; we were defeated by over twenty thou-
sand majority. But, sir, growing wiser with
experience, we last September took away from
our political enemies the plank of general
amnesty, adopting it as a part of our platform;
and on that broad policy we retrieved the dis-
asters of the previous year; we overcame the
adverse majority of twenty thousand; we car-
ried the State of Virginia on that platform of
general amnesty.
Sir, as I said before, I stand here instructed
on this question by a resolution adopted by
the representatives of the Republican party of
Virginia at a meeting of their State central
committee only two months ago. A resolution
adopted by that committee unanimously (with
the exception of one member, who afterward
apologized for voting against it) urges the Con-
gress of the United States to give this measure
to the people of the South. I say that the
existing system of disfranchisement in the
South is a mere farce. It does the loyal men
no good.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Will thegentleman allow
me to ask him one question?
Mr. PLATT. I decline to be interrupted.
I say tha£ the existing system of disfranchise-
ment in the South is a delusion and a snare;
because when the loyal people of the South
come here asking Congress for protection we
are told that we have protection, that disloyal
men cannot hold office. When we ask for
bread you give us a stone.
For six years I have been, as a citizen of
the South, engaged in business there, mingling
with the people in various business enterprises.
I have been a close observer, and having a
personal interest for myself and every member
of my family in this question, I assert here
to-day that the true policy for this Govern-
ment to pursue is to remove all these disfran-
chising clauses, to -sweep away all these test-
oaths as soon as we can. Sir, give us protec-
tion by the removal of these disabilities. Take
this irritating question out of our polities.
Protect the loyal men of the South by such
means as will really give them protection. If
the occasion demands, send into the South as
large a force as may be necessary to put down
disorder; I will vote for such a measure with
pleasure. Send a sufficient force to give us
the protection we desire, but do not attempt
to give it to us in the form of this miserable
delusion of iron-clad oaths and disqualifying
clauses.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
next yield to the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. PIiATT. I am much obliged to the
gentleman from Massachusetts for the five
minutes he has allowed me. I hope he will
give me as much more.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield any further.
Mr. PLATT- I wish, then, only to say that,
speaking for Virginia and for the Republican
party-in Virginia, I hope the House will pass
this bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield the floor for five minutes to the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Long.]
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker the object of the
bill before the House is to modify the test-oath.
As a citizen of the South, living in Georgia,
born and raised in. that State, having been
