882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
there during the war and up to the present
time, I know the condition of affairs in that
State. Now, sir, we propose here to-day to
modify the test-oath, and to give to those men
in the rebel States who are disloyal to-day to
the Government this favor. We propose, sir,
to remove political disabilities from the very
men who were the leaders of the Kuklux and
who have committed midnight outrages in that
Stat.-.
What do those men say? Before their dis-
abilities are removed they say, "We will re-
main quiet until all of our disabilities are
removed, and then we shall again take the
lead." Why, Mr. Speaker, in my State siuce
emancipation there have been over five hun-
dred loyal men shot down by the disloyal men
there, and not one of those who took part
in committing those outrages has ever been
brought to justice. Do we, then, really pro-
pose here to-day, when the country is not
ready for it, when those disloyal people still
hate this Government, when loyal men dare
not carry the "stars and stripes" through
our streets, for if they do they will be turned
out of employment, to relieve from political
disability tiie very men who have committed
these Kuklux outrages? I think that I am
doing my duty to my constituents and my duty
to my country when I vote against any such
proposition.
Yes, sir: I do mean that murders and out-
rages are being committed there. I received
no longer ago than this morning a letter from
a man in my State, a loyal man who was ap-
pointed postmaster by the President, stating
that he was beaten in the streets a few days
ago. I base also received information from
the lower part of Georgia that disloyal men
went in the midnight disguised and took a
loyal man out and shot him ; and not one of
them has been brought to justice. Loyal men
are constantly being cruelly beateu. When
we take the men who commit these outrages
before judges and juries we find that they are
in the hands of the very Kuklux themselves
who protect them.
Mr. Speaker, I propose, as a man raised as
a slave, my mother a slave before me, and my
ancestry slaves as far back as I can trace them,
yet holding no animosity to the law-abiding
people of my State, and those who are willing
to staud by the Government, while I am will-
ing to remove the disabilities of all such who
will support the Government, still I propose
for one, knowing the condition of things there
in Georgia, not to vote for auy modification
of the test-oath in favor of disloyal men.
Gentlemen on the other side of the House
have complimented men on this side. I hope
the blood of the Kuklux has not got upon this
siue: I hope not. If this House removes the
disabilities of disloyal men by modifying the
test-oath, I venture to prophesy you will again
have trouble from the very same men who gave
you trouble before.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I give
the gentleman from Louisiana ten minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has only
six minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I give
the gentleman five, reserving one minute to
move the previous question.
Mr. MOREY. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment, in the nature of a substitute:
fie it enacted by the Senate and fjoune of flepresenta-
t ay '''' the United States of America in Congresxaaseni-
(two thirdsof each llouseconcurring,) :U!
Peisons other than those hereinafter excepted, now
(li.-quiiliiieti to hold ofBce by the third section of the
iouiioenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tor! the United States, arc hereby relieved from
such disability, and the s>ume is hereby removed,
from and after the passage of this act, except from
tuefoliowing classes of persons:
_ first. Whoever, having been educated at tbe Mil-
itary Academy at West Point, or the Naval School
at Annapolis, shall have engaged in rebellion and
insurrection against the United States, or giving aid
and comfort to the enemies thereof.
Second. \| hoever, having been a member of cipher
House of Congress of the United States, shall have
engaged in rebellion against the same, or given aid
and comfort to the enemies thereof.
Third. Whoever shall have held the office of head
of one ofthe Executive Departments of thi Govern-
ment of the United States, or minister plenipoten-
tiary. or minister resident, or judge of any court under
the United States, and shall have engaged in rabel-
lion or insurrection against tho same, or given aid
and comfort to the enemies thereof.
fourth. Hereafter no oath shall bo required of any
Senator or Representative in Congress, or of any
person holding office under the United States Gov-
ernment except the oath to support tho Constitu-
tion and laws of tbe United States, and to faithfully
execute the duties of his office.
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask the chairman
of the committee a question. Does he yield
to allow amendments?
Mr. BUTLElt, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
I allow this amendment to be offered, but not
to be voted upon.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] does not yield for the
amendment to he considered as pending ?
Mr. BOTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. MOREY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to extend my time five minutes.
There was no objection.
Mr. MOREY. Mr. Speaker, in offering this
amendment I wish to state a few facts. In the
first place, there is no class of people at the j
South disfranchised on account of participation I
in the rebellion, or giving aid or comfort thereto,
unless it is in the State of Arkansas. There
is also no class of people prohibited from hold-
ing State office on account of participation in
the rebellion unless it is in the State of Arkan-
sas. The only oath required is an oath to
support the constitution of the State and of
the United States. We find, then, two classes
of people prohibited from holding office under
the United States Government: first, those
who are disqualified by the third article of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution;
and second, those who, from having given aid
and comfort to the rebellion, are unable to take
the test-oath, but are not disqualified by the
fourteenth amendment. Now, sir, it is a fact
well known to every gentleman on this floor
from the South that there are as many or more
men in each and every congressional district
of the South who have opposed reconstruction,
and have opposed peace, order, and good gov-
ernment since the war, who belong to the class
that is not disqualified from holding office by
the fourteenth amendment, but merely by the
test-oath, than there are of that class whieh is
disqualified by that amendment. Now, sir,
who are disqualified by the fourteenth amend-
ment? Let us see:
" Sec. 3. No person shallbe a Senator or Represent-
ative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice
President, or hold any office, civil or military, under
the United States, or under any SoiU, who, having
previously taken an oath, as a member of Congress,
or as an otficer of the United State*, or as a member
of any State Legislature, 01 as an executive or judi-
cial officer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United States, shall have engaged in insurree- i
tioa or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof."
Under thi3 article it is held that whoever
previous to the war had sufficiently the confi-
dence and respect of his neighbors and friends
to be enabled thereby to hold the office of con-
stable, justice of the peace, or captain or other
officer of a militia company, and afterward
engaged in the rebellion, should, for having
held such office previous to the war, be dis-
qualified from holding office under the national
Government. We will not pause now to con-
sider to their full extent how very unfortunate
in their practical operation these provisions
were—that they were unfortunate I think wiil
be accepted unquestioned ; thousands of well-
known Union men were deprived of the privi-
lege of holding office, and will yet be deprived
of that privilege or that duty, whichever you
will, if this bill passes without amendment;
while such men as General Forrest, and, if
I mistake not, Wade Hampton and Linton
Stephens, will be allowed to hold office.
Now. Mr. Speaker, it is these unjust dis-
tinctions that we make by our hasty and ill-
digested political legislation that is doing
much mischief; and if 1 might be allowed a
remark more in place in a party caucus, it is
the party of the majority that reap all the
curses and suffer from the ill-feeling provoked.
Let us make haste slowly and do our work
thoroughly, I am certain my friends on this
side of the House wish and intend to do noth-
ing unwise and that will at the same time
affect them disastrously politically. What will
be the political effect if this hill passes in
its present shape ? The men relieved thereby
will take advantage of it by going before the
people as candidates for office, many of them
generals, colonels, and captains in the late
"so-called," and will say to the humble pri-
vate soldier or non-combatant who gave a sol-
dier a clean shirt, (which is both aid and com-
fort constructively.) aud who had previously
been a justice of the peace, " See the injustice
of this Radical Congress, and see what yoa
get for being Union men. 1 was a general in
the army ; 1 hunted conscripts and burned
cotton. Since the war I have hunted niggers
and burned school-houses. I can hold office
by the grace of this rump Congress, while you
cannot."
I would like some of you gentlemen to come
down to Louisiana in 1872 and explain this
thing. I have been through two hard-fought
campaigns, one of which was a very bloody
campaign, and while I am willing to bear my
share, 1 do not wish to have thi3 kind of a job
marked out forme and my Republican friends
in the South to perform unless there is a neces-
sity for it. Now, let us invoke to our aid some
broad principles of statesmanship by which to
settle this matter. It is said that these dis-
abilities should remain imposed because John
Smith has sworn that he will never ask to have
his removed. Well, who cares whether he
does or not? The fact that he was laboring
under disabilities has given him the only prom-
inence that he ever had, the removal of which
with or without his consent will plunge him
back into his natural condition of insignifi-
cance. Again, it is said that disorder aud
kukluxism reign in the South, and that hell is
to pay generally. Admit the fact; I have every
reason to believe that it is too true; but have
we any evidence that the leaders and partici-
pators in these outrages are laboring under
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment?
No, sir; in all probability nine out of ten
are of that class which will be allowed to hold
office after the passage of this bill. Mr.
Speaker, continuing men under disabilities
will not put an end to these outrages, and
whoever labors under that delusion and acts
in accordance with that idea will, in my judg-
ment, commit a fatal mistake. Sir, the facts
are against any such theory, and the history
of the late political campaign in Louisiana
furnishes an excellent illustration'of my argu-
ment. During that campaign there was no
charge made by either party of violence or
disorder. Why? First, the Republican party
declared itself in favor of removing all political
disabilities and in favor of general amnesty;
second, and most important of all, the laws
were rigidly enforced by an able State govern-
ment. What is needed in the South to-day to
preserve order is not a continuance of dis-
abilities, but the thorough enforcement of the
laws, both State and national, and more espe-
cially the latter. Give us United States courts
where needed, and give us, not more laws, but
the means to enforce the laws now on the
statute-books and remove the disabilities from
all that labor thereunder, or if not from all,
from all with but few exceptions.
And now, in conclusion, I wish to say to my
friends on this floor that if they have not tit.;
wise statesmanship to pass a liberal hill, their
successors in the Forty-Second Congress will
do it, and they will lose the advantages which
politically they might gain bypassing StU'h a
bill. Atid-1 ask them if they have not the
