1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
wisdom of statesmanship to liave the political
sagacity to pass a fall amnesty at this time,
and not deal in these patch-work bills.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
the previous question.
Mr. SHANKS. I rise to make a parliament-
ary inquiry, if the previous question is not
,«econded, will the bill then be open to amend-
merit?
The SPEAKER. Of course itwould be, if
the House does not second the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. SHANKS. Then I hope that the de-
mand for the previous question will not be
seconded.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] allow me a moment
to ask leave to print a lew remarks in illus-
tration of a statement of mine yesterday as
to frequent oath-taking being the odium of
history?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have 110
objection if the House has not.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will have no objection
if I inav be allowed to reply.
Mr. COX. I shall be glad to meet the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynabd] in a
philosophical inquiry into this subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hear3 no objec-
tion to the request of either gentleman, and it
is granted.
[See Appendix.]
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 73, noes 22; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and Mr. Maynard and Mr. Kerb were
appointed.
The House again divided' and the tellers
reported—ayes eighty, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question is, " Shall
this bill be read a-third time? "
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I pro-
pose to debate it and yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynaed.]
Mr. RANDALL. This being a Senate bill,
I beg to inquire if the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] is entitled to an hour
to close debate?
The SPEAKER. It is a Senate bill, but it
is a bill reported by a committee, and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has a right to an
hour in which to close debate.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not object, but I do
not think it is in accordance with the usages
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the gentleman from Massachusetts take
his hour on the question of passing the bill.
The bill was ordered to be read athird time;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
ten minutes to the gentleman from Tenuessee,
[Sir. MAYyAP.n.]
Mr. MAYNARD. When this bill was re
ported last evening I took the floor simply to
call the attention of the House to the charac-
ter of the proposed legislation, without taking
any lime to explain the reasons why I should
vole against this bill. By the mail of yester-
day I received a communication addressed to
the gentleman who reported this bill, which I
was requested to present to him. I will take
this opportunity of presenting it to him, as part
of my speech. 1 ask that the Clerk will read it.
The Clerk road as follows:
Deak Sir: The undersigned would respectfully
rsincsunt to you and your committee, and through
that medium make known to Congress, thatthe Union
jicoplo ot Tennessee are in a helpless and deplorabio
condition, . , .
Many of us have persistently opposed any further
efforts'at reconstruction, having been willing to
await remits before asking Federal intervention;
but we sue now constrained to appeal to yo\i tor pro-
teciion in the enjoyment of that liberty v?hich is
rejjulatod by law.
Under the present state of affairs we are com-
pletely under the control and at the mercy of the
enemies of the Government. We yielded to the
usurpation of the legislative branch of the State
government; quietly submitted to the forced
adoption of an odious iostrument dignified by the
name of constitution: we witnessed the overthrow
of the State government, the displacement of its
regular constitutional chosen officers, including
the judiciary. This was all-appalling, but we trusted
in the wisdom, if not in the patriotism of the judicial
department of the State government. We relied on
the good sense of the new rulers. In all this we have
been disappointed. Wo have seen the supreme cofirt ;
organized in defiance of the national Constitution. |
It nas proclaimed the confederacy a nation, a gov- j
eminent de facto; it has turned Union men out of i
oourt and justified rebels in robbery and crime; it has i
established doctrines which, if permitted to become j
the settled law of the State, will ultimate in making i
treason honorable and loyalty odious. The law
officer of the State, the attorney genera!, has already j
caused several thousand dollars of the rebel war !
debt to he paid, notwithstanding the United States
Constitution expressly prohibits the act.
The Legislature is proposing to provide pensions
for the rebel soldiers in the shape of artificial Iknbs.
A measure is pending to reimburse certain rebels
for judgments recovered against them in the Federal
courts for their toils in behalf of rebellion. In fact,
the rebellion reigns in this State. We are neither
protected in power or property. Many of our best
men are trying to dispose of their property and leave
the State.
We therefore earnestly invoke such protection as
Congress may deem just and calculated to meet the
demands of the Uniou-loviug people of this State.
We close by adding that we represent ninety-nine
hundredths, if not the entire sentiment, of the Re-
publicans and Union men of East Tennessee.
J. M GREER, Assistant Assessor.
B. P. STACY, Assistant Assessor.
JOHN 13. CLOTWORTHY.
M. 0. WHITE.
J. A. TAYLOR.
william s. Mcknight.
JOHN BLEATT.
E. H. MATTHEWS.
JOSEPH A. COOPER. .
Collector Second Distriet Tennessee.
GEORGE W. ROSS,
Assistant Assessor Second District.
M. J. WILDS.
JAMES RODGERS, Postmaster.
A. S. PROSSER.
S. P. EVASiS. United States Marshal.
GEORGE ANDREWS.
L. L. 03MENT, Assistant Assessor.
W. P.liAlES.
SAMUEL L. CHILDRESS.
RICHARD SLOW.
J. s. 1uggs,
301IN ANDERSON,
Hamilton county.
R. H. GUTHRIE, Hamilton count]/.
XL P..K1N2EL.
JOHN GIBBS, Deputy Sheriff.
JOHN W. STEWART.
L. H. WESTERN.
D. T. PETERMAN. Roane county.
JOHN P. WALKER, Rhea county.
D. G. THORNBURGU,
•Jefferson county.
R. THORNBURGU/
Jejjcvso'.i county.
J. W. THORNBUKGH,
Jctfer/ton county.
A. THORNBURGH.
Jefferson county.
J. LAWRENCE. Jefferson county.
M. V. WYltfOK, Marion county.
E. A. MILLARD, Sullivan county.
JOHN I?. HAMiLL,
Hamilton county.
WILLIAM HUNT. Bradley county.
WILLIAM CiRILL. Scott county.
j. J. EDENS, (Jttrfer evitnty. .
FREDERICK BULE, Knox county.
SAMUEL MeMAHAN,
Sexier county.
ALEXANDER REEDOR,
Knox county.
W. F. YARD LEY,
Justice of the Peace for Knox county.
M. L. PATTERSON. Kncxcounta.
STEPHEN MATTHEWS,
Blount connty.
E. C. CAMP, U. S. District Attorney.
J. P. KDMONDSON, Blount county.
It. H. BROWN, Knox county.
L. C. IIOUK.
B. C. EDWARDS, Anderson, county.
LUKE WILDS.
Hon. B. f. Butler, Chairman Reconstruction Com-
mittee, Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. MAYNABD. The list attached to that
paper contains the names of representative
men in that part of the State, men like the
honorable member from Georgia, [Mr. Loxg,]
native there and "to the mariner born," though
but few of them are of his race and color, an d
these men state whereof they know. Their
testimony ought to be received as evidence.
And it is one of the things that should give us
pause in connection with this bill that'just at
the time it was taken up yesterday it Was pro-
posed to take from the Speaker's table a hill
that came from the Senate appropriating a"
comparatively small sum to enable a commit-
tee of that body to investigate the outrages^
and enormities perpetrated ih the South, and*
the objection to that proposition came from
the very same quarter that the objection to
the investigation originated in the Seriate, and
from the same quarter whence came the maiu
support of this bill.
Now, sir, we hear a great deal, and the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] talks a great
deal and very beautifully about " peace" and
"harmony"and "concord," and "everybody
enjoying their rights," &e. I concur in every-
thing he said, in the letter in which be said it,
but not in the spirit. If we could have in our
part of the country a state of things thatsho'ald
allow every citizen to enjoy his rights Under
the law, that shonld let every man enjoy the
same franchises, and that should open the bal-
lot-box for everybody to vote according to his
sentiments, I would certainly say, "Amen, re-
joice and thank Godforit." But it is not so;
it never has been so since the war, and is not
so to day. Why, in my own State, wherfe nom-
inally and by the letter of the law all the men
of suitable age and residence are authorized
to vote, there are practically more men* dis-
franchised, prevented from voting to-day, than
there ever were by the law and the constitu-
tion as framed by the Union men at the close
of the war. The only difference is that in one
ease the disfranchisement was by the operation
of law, and in the other by violence. When
it becomes a, question whether-it shall be Union
men, the loyal men, the friends of this Gov-
ernment, or the rebel element, its enemies,
who are disfranchised, I say our friends first
and then our enemies. Make your friends
safe, then provide for your enemies.
The difference'between me and the gfetitle-
maii from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] is, that on so
many occasions he puts forth his>voi'ce iirfavor
of the enemies of bis country. I endeavor to
be heard in favor of its friends. The Govern-
ment that would not take care of and protect
its friends and supporters not oYtly cannot
stand, but ought not to stand; it is unworthy
to be dignified with the name of Government,
it is no Government. And while you see," as
you must see if you will open your eyes; while
you hear, as you cannot choose but hear if you
will open your ears, your friends stricken down,
murdered, assassinated, whipped, scourged on
every hand because they are your friends,and
you stand here indifferent to their fate, with
miserable namby-pamby sentimentality in be-
half of the men who are perpetrating these
wrongs, you are doing more to sap the found-
ation of your Government and to overthrow-
it than ever did the arms of-~Lee and fill his
hosts. I indulge in 110 personal acrimony. I
have never in this House or out of it sought
to lay a finger in wrath upon a single one of
my fellow-citizens; but I do want to protect
the men that I know need protection. X Btind
here in behalf of the weak, in behalf of tho
oppressed, in behalf of the overridden and
the downtrodden ; and although I may fail, be
unheard, as I probably shall be and as I have
been heretofore in similar endeavors,.I have
at least the satisfaction in behalf-of those wan
that I represent of putting their sentiments
upon record and indorsing them by an "expres-
sion of my own opinion.
Mr. DAWES. -I wonld like to make nti in-
quiry of the gentleman from Tennessee for the
sake of information. I do not want to vote
on this bill without a proper understanding,
and I do desire to cast my ?ote in that, way
that will most contribute to peace in the South.
If the gentleman from Tennessee can point
out that way to me. I will give him mv_ vote
just, as he says, la the light of his experience
in Tennos^e.-I put to him (his question : kivo
we not. had there during the p.ist two years
