1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
ter, and I desired to make a personal explana-
tion in reply, you were the only man in all this
House mean enough to object to my doing so.
Mr. POUTER. I call the member from
New York to order.
Mr. McNEELY. I object to the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Porter] proceeding.
Mr. PORTER. The member from the sixth
district of New York is the only man in this
House mean enough to make such a remark
as he has just made.
Mr. COX. I never was put in irons for
abasing the Government. But I do not pick
any quarrel with the member. He is not a
fighting man.
Mr. POUTER. The charge that I was ever
put in irons for any cause whatsoever is utterly
false; and whether I am a fighting man or not,
you had better try it on, and then you will
tind out.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
now for five minutes to the gentleman from
New York. [Mr. Vas Wyck.J
Mr. VAN WYCK. My only excuse for
trespassing a moment upon the attention of
the House is that I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Platt]
to one or two facts, and to ask hira a question.
Mr. PLATT. I am perfectly willing to
answer any question, if the gentleman irom
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] will allow me.
Mr. VAN WYCK. It seems from this dis-
cussion that everybody in the South is to be
forgiven except Union men. The gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Long] has stated that
from three to five hundred men have been
murdered in his State, and that they were all
Union men, and because they were Union
men. We do not hear any man from that
State or any other stating that five hundred or
three hundred, or three, ex-rebels have been
murdered by those who followed the old flag
in the field. Representative men, members
of the Assembly and members of the senate,
have been murdered in those States, while, on
the other hand, we find that no ex-rebels hold-
ing positions of that kind are murdered. And
yet we are treated here to statements of the
wrongs and outrages and oppressions inflicted
upon those men who sought to destroy their
Government! I would like to have gentlemen
point them out. They labor only under polit-
ical disabilities. The gentleman from Ohio
£Mr. Garfield] says that they were imposed
by Congress and not by the people; but does
he not know that Congress was only the ex-
ponent and representative of the people, and
spoke their wish when they sought to place at
least a few disabilities upou those men who
had sought the nation's life, and a stigma and
brand upon the great crime of rebellion ?
Sir, 1 was surprised at the speech of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Platt;] and
now I desire to ask him, does he remember, not
over a year ago, when he stood with me in his
own city of Petersburg at a political meeting
and white men, who had been rebels seek-
ing to destroy the Government, loudly, boldly,
aud defiantly cheered for Davis and for Lee?
But gentlemen may say they were vagabonds,
irresponsible, the ruffian element which exists
in all society.
Mr. PLATT. I would like to answer that
question.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Very well; I have only
a moment to spare.
Mr. PLATT. I was present with the gentle-
man on that occasion, and the Republicans of
Petersburg then did a thing which, if it was
copied by the Republicans of the South when-
ever they have a majority, would put a stop to
a great many outrages; we cleared out that
rebel crowd in about two minutes, so that you
could play checkers on their coat-tails as they
ran down Sycamore street, the principal street
of the city, and the geutleman went on with
hisspeeeh. [Laughter and clapping of hands.]
Mr. VAN WYCK. So they did; and if the
colored men of Petersburg had not -more cour-
age than some of their Representatives on this
floor they would not have cleared the rebels
from that meeting so suddenly. [Laughter.]
Mr. PLATT. In answer to that taunt of
the gentleman, whibh is entirely uncalled for,
I answer that I have proved-Trry cotfrttge on
as many battle-fields as the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. VAN WYCK. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] pronounced an eloquent
eulogy in this House, in the presence of the
Representatives of the* people, upon the late
General George H. Thomas, a native of Vir-
ginia. Now, in the State of Virginia, a higher
grade of rebels obtains seats in the Legislature
than those who take part in the midnight orgies
of the Kuklux Klan.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VAN WYCK. Will the gentleman give
me a moment or two more?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, no.;
I cannot. I yield now to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Arxei.l.]
Mr. ARNELL. Mr. Speaker, I have no
hostility to any portion of the people of the
South, not any feeling of unkindness even,
toward them. The real feeling and desire of
my heart is to help them to a more peace-
ful, better, and higher life. I was born on the
soil of Tennessee, and hope that when my life
of faith and duty draws to a close to rest my
body in some one of its quiet valleys. Still, I
recollect that I am on tliis floor as a Repre-
sentative of the Union men of the South. I
do not see any protection in this bill for them.
They sadly need protection. As I understand
the legislation now proposed, it will put the
Union element more completely under thecon-
trol of its old enemies. Sir, I bold in my
hand certain petitions asking for the removal
of political disabilities, which I received one
day this week from my own district. Attached
to these petitions are the names of certain
persons known to me, also urging this relief.
In the same mail, from these same persons, I
received also private letters to this import:
"You will see my name appended to certain peti-
tions for the relict" of . I signed those petitions
unwillingly, but felt it was necessary to do so_ in
order to have peace with certain parties who ride
while they should he sleeping."
Again:
"I sign 's petition for relief from political
disabilities, because I am fearfal of his kind of men
who ride in the dark.
" P. S.—Please bnrn this when you read it"
I have other letters of like import, but I dare
not read them.
These writers evidently believe that they
would not be able to live undisturbed one
single night by masked marauders who infest,
their portion of the country, had they refused
to append their names to these petitions. The
men who have so written are neither cowards
nor sneeks. Some of them carried the banner
of the Republic in its darkest hour. The re-
mark of the gentrleman from Virginia [Mr.
Platt] is simply insulting' to the union men
of the South. He says '-conciliate the eue-
mies of the Government first, and then pro-
tect the Union men." No, sir; I stand here
to ask Congress to exert its whole power to
protect the humblest Unionist of the South,
and we will talk afterward about conciliation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr,
Beck] for five minutes.
Mr. BECK. I shall not need two minutes.
I desire simply to say that the House need
not be astonished at the scolding of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] be-
cause his habit of scolding has become chronic;
he has scolded in that way all his life. .He
has scolded the old State of Massachusetts,
the State where he was born, worse than he
now scolds Tennessee, the State of his adop-
tion. By turning to volume thirty-six, page
1209, of the Congi^ssional Globe, under date
of March 20, 1858, gentlemen will see that he
then heaped more denunciations upon Massa-
chusetts than he now does on Tennessee, and
while doing so he said of the party with
which be is now acting and of which he is a
shining light:
" But, sir, I have not time to dwell upjn'ffny of
these matters. I wo Id like, if I had time, to follow
that same element, this same abolition tury, for it is
such, through all its ramifications in the Kansas
troubles; I would like to follow it ia the form of
grave and learned professors, in the form of rever-
end clergymen—ay,sir,in the form of lovely women;
sending to that troubled land emigrants from public
meetings, armed with a rifla in one hand, aad, Mr a
counterpoise, a Bible in the other. I would have
liked to have shown, if I had had the time, how
those rifles were used for the murder of some of my
own neighbors, people who were not slaveholders—
and there is a gentleman now in my eye who knows
very well to whom I allude—people who went into
Kansas because they were poor, with the hope of
providing far their children a condition better than
their own. These men, I say, were shot down, shot
down by the free-State men. decoyed from their beds
at the hour of midnight; not only were their lives
taken, but their bodies mutilated aad mangled in
a manner that would have disgraced a troop of
Sepoys."
I hope gentlemen on the other side wili read
the speech in full, and they will see that the
gentleman from Tennessee is, as I said, so
in the habit of railing and scolding that it has
become a chronic disease with him, he can-
not help it. I now yield to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 desire the House
to understand the situation of this question.
This is not a bill to relieve from disabilities.
All the men who will be affected by the pas-
sage of this bill can now hold office and vote
ia their several States. The State constitu-
tions ot the different States allow all these per-
sons now to vote and hold office. Therefore,
the passage of this bill will not affect them in
the least in that respect. _ _ ,
Then, what will the passage of this bill do ?
It wili enable some man to hold a Federal
office, provided he can secure an election or
appointment to that office. How is such a
man to obtain a Federal office? There are
but two ways in which he can do it: one by
being elected by the people, and the other by
appointment of the President of the United
States. The only offices to which such men
are likely to be elected are those of members
of Congress; and when they come here we
will be the judges of their election and quali-
fications.
As to the other Federal offices which they
may obtain by appointment, they are postmas-
terships and various others of that sort, to
which the President or the Postmaster Gen-
eral may appoint them. Now, I would like
to know how many will obtain Federal offices,-
unless General Grant gives them offices.
Now, how is the passage of this bill to pro-
tect any man from Kuklux outrages, or prevent
the killing by rebels of any officers of the Uni-
ted States? Gentlemen have been discussing
this question as though the great panacea for
the woes of this country was to swear. I fan-
cied when the gentlemen from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard and Mr. Aumll] were on the floor
a moment ago that their voice was that of
the ghost of Hamlet's father, crying "Swear!
swear!" [Laughter.] Those gentlemen argue
as if oaths were the great panacea for all the
woes under which the South is suffering. Why,
sir, it is not the abolition of test-oaths that has
produced the troubles in Tennessee. That is
one of the few States that have disqualified
and disfranchised men on account of participa-
tion in the rebellion. We see the effect of such
a policy in that State as we see it in every State
where the attempt has been made to disqualify
and disfranchise the intelligent white people
of the country. It cannot be done. Sooner
or later they will break down all such restric-
tions. They have done it in Tennessee. Had
you yourselves removed the disqualifications
in Tennessee, had you passed liberal laws and
allowed these people to come back to the fold,
to vote and to hold office if the people should
see fit to elect them to office, you would have
