886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
had none of the troubles you now have in
Tennessee.
(Here the hammer fell.]
Alt-. MAYN AUD. Have there been any
such disabilities imposed in Kentucky? Yet
is there not abundant evidence that there ate
in that State wrongs and outrages as great
as those committed in Tennessee, although
in Kentucky the colored men are denied the
right, of suffrage, while every rebel is allowed
to vole?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Have I time to
reply ?
Mr. BUTLEfl, of Massachusetts. I am
willing, if it does not come out of my time.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to ex-
tending the time by unanimous consent?
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To ena-
ble the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxs-
worth] to reply I will give him two minutes
out of my time.
Mr. FARNSWOR.TH. I do not desire to
trespass further. I only wish to say that I
have not contended, nor do I now contend
that there are no riots where test-oaths are
not enforced ; but I say that the greater part
of the trouble has been caused by the policy
of disfranchisement; and I believe it to-day.
Mr. ARNELL. I deny it.
Mr. FARNSWOETH. In the great State
of Missouri the policy of disqualification and
disfranchisement was adopted and you see
the result—a political revolution. There will
be such a revolution sooner or later in every
State where such a policy is attempted. In a
republican government you cannot, for any
considerable length of time, deprive the intel-
ligence of the people of its voice in the affairs
of the Government. There will be a revolu-
tion sooner ei' later.
These people came before the Reconstruc-
tion Committee applying for a removal of their
disabilities. On inquiring into their cases we
tind that they have no disabilities under the
fourteenth article of the amendments; but they
ask us to pass laws removing their disabilities
because then they will not be required to take
the test-oath. Thus the room of the Recon-
sn action Committee is lull of applications from
men laboring under no disabilities by virtue
of the fourteenth article of the amendments.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield three minutes to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Van Wyck.]
Mr. VAN WYCK. Mr. Speaker, when my
remarks were cut short a few moments ago by
the fall of the hammer I was alluding to the
eloquent speech of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] on the occasion of the death
of General Thsmas. Allow me to say, in
lesponse to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farxsworth] who has just spoken, that Vir-
ginia at least lias not been harshly treated, if
Tennessee has been. Hence, it cannot be
claimed that the outrages in Virginia are the
consequence of any harsh policy. The out-
rages and murders of the Kuklux Ivlan, which
some gentlemen on this floor are disposed to
excuse, may not prevail to any considerable
extent in Virginia. But do we not find, sir, that
the Legislature of Virginia, overcome by the
amenity and kindness of the American Con-
gress, has just voted an appropriation of $600
lor a portrait of General Lee, to be placed in
the capitol of the State, while the same Legis-
lature refuses to vote $000 for a portrait of
one of the grandest heroes the American nation
ever produced, General George H. Thomas,
himself a native of Virginia?
Suppose, after the revolutionary war, the
Commonwealth of Connecticut or Massachu-
setts or New York had appropriated money
tor a portrait of Benedict Arnold, while it had
refused to order a portrait of George Washing-
ton. Shall we ignore such outrages as these
upon the loyal sentiment of the country be-
cause they are committed by men who are
socially above the grade of the Kuklux Klans,
and who are encouraged to sucli conduct by
the kindness and generosity of the American
people ? Are these the results of the policy
of forgiveness and a libefal reconstruction?
Are these tl«« returns for repeated removals
of disabilities and almost universal amnesty ?
It shows the result of the kindness and the
generosity of the American people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
now yield to the gen the man from Tennessee
[Mr. Tillman] for three .minutes.
Mr. TILLilAN. Mr. Speaker, I will not
controvert what my colleague from Tennessee
and other gentlemen liave said about violence
in the South by the Kuklux Klaus. It is a
fact, as stated by my colleague, that there are
outrages committed in the South, outrages
unprovoked on the part of the Republicans,
aud unprovoked, in my opinion, on the part
of the colored people. But the question, Mr.
Speaker, is whether a refusal- to repeal the
tast-oath will have any effect upon the temper
and spirit of the South. I believe there is not
a particle of doubt of it. Have we not tried
this thing all over the South? Has not pro-
scription been exercised ? We have had the
power, and we have exercised it; and what has
been the result? When that plan has failed
is it not the part of wisdom to try some other?
I wish to see the loyal people of the South pro-
tected. I wish to see Union white men and
colored men protected. Unless you protect
the colored people you cannot have the Union
white men protected. White loyalists will not
have protection unless the eolored people of
the South are protected. I say, Wipe ont all
restrictions, do away with all pretext whatever
for violence on the part of the southern peo-
ple, and then pass laws, and execute them,
which will protect us without the necessity for
swearing of any sort.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
retained, Mr. Speaker, but a few minutes of
the hour allowed me in this debate sUiplyfor
the purpose of once more explaining the bill
and its action to the House in order that there
may be a full understanding of its provisions.
I did not vote for the bill in the Committee on
Reconstruction, nor did I vote against it; but
I have made the report as the chairman of that
committee. I would that I could support this
bill. I remember when the test-oath wasplaced
among our statutes. It was when hundreds of
thousands of rebels stood with arms in their
hands against the Government. It was in the
very darkest day, almost at the time of the
battle of Bull Run. It was a measure of pro-
tection to the country.
If, at the end of tho war, those arms had
been laid down in good faith, if from that hour
there had been peace and quiet in the South,
if the elective franchise in the South could be
thoroughly aud safely exercised, I would vote
for this bill; and I would vote for every other
bill of relief in the same direction. I was
inclined when this bill passed the Senate some
months ago to vote for it; but the difficulty I
find in the way is this: I find hand in hand as
we have relieved disabilities, hand in hand
as we have given way here, hand in hand has
been the increase of murder of those in the
South who are our friends and whom we are
bound to protect. That is the paramount ob-
jection to our action I find in the way. When-
ever the men of the South will stop violence,
stop outrage, and stop murder, I will vote to
remove political disabilities of every descrip-
tion.
But, sir, it has come to be understood in
the South that when we give way here it is the
giving way of northern sentiment. It is under-
stood when we give way that it i3 the giving
way of the firmness with which loyal men stand
ior tho Government they fought to preserve,
and therefore every step backward on our part
encourages these outrages. Therefore, sir,
every giving way here is the death-knell of
some black or white Union man of the South.
This seems to rae an insuperable objection to
the passage of this bill, whose provisions will
be so interpreted at the South.
Now, I wish to answer an objection made by
my friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Morey.] He
objects to applying the test-oath to loyal men
when disloyal men are relieved from it. It is
objected by my friend from Louisiana, that,
while we say that disloyal men may take an
oath simply to support the Constitution, we
keep the test-oath, the iron-clad oath, for loyal
men. I hope the iron-clad oath will never be
repealed—ay, even after every disability is
removed from every rebel in the South. I
want always to take it. It is the patent of
nobility for every loyal man. We can walk up
and declare with the oath of God upon us that
we never bore arms against the Government
we love and the country we have saved. And
I want these other men to come up to the altar
and be able only to take the "short oath," i. e.,
that they will defend the Constitution here-
after. I want that distinction ever borne in
mind.
Let the men engaged in the rebellion be
admitted to power, let them be admitted to
place, let them be admitted to offices of trust,
but keep up always that distinction, the proud
privilege of him who fought for his country,
that he can swear that he never fought against
it. And if 1 were a southern Union man 1
never would have the test-oath repealed. I
should be glad to be able to stand up in the
presence of my children and in the presence
of my neighbors and to be able to swear
that under all difficulties, all inducements, all
oppression, I never voluntarily did anything
against my country and its Constitution. And
therefore I am not for removing the iron clad
oath from loyal men. On the contrary, for
one, I roll it as a sweet morsel under my
tongue, as a declaration I am glad to make,
and which every loyal man ought to be glad
that he is able to make.
Now, sir, this bill provides simply this:
that whoever has fought against the country,
not having heretofore held office, whatever may
have been his sins—Forrest at Fort Pillow,
everybody—may take an oath and may hold
office irrespective of his loyalty. And it is for
the House to judge whether that should be
done ; it is for the House to judge whether the
time has come to take this great step. It is
for the House to judge whether our friends in
the lately rebellious States are safe enough to
do that; whether before we do this it is not
better to have some legislation for the protec-
tion of the loyal men of the South.
Why, Mr. Speaker, if there is anythiug that
stirs the blood, if there is anything that almost
inflames the judgment, it is for us to hear that
the poor colored man at the South, the man
who everybody agrees does not want to fight
except when he is enrolled in the Army of the
United States, is shot down in cool blood, is
deprived of liberty and property and life. Oh,
Sir, what a spectacle of ingratitude it is on
the part of the white people I Just reflect
upon it. When the war was going on, men
of the South, aud you werp away fighting to
destroy your country, who protected your
wives and your children, saw to it that they
were safe, that no outrage was committed
upon them, when there was none but women
and old men left to defend those dearest to
you against the strong arms of the stalwart
slave laborers of the South? Was is not
those very negro slaves of yours? When you
could not protect your homes, for you were
fighting your country, did they not protect
your wives and children with tender care?
Nay, more; did they not work for their sus-
tenance and support, loyally, kindly, and in
some cases gratefully? Aud what* is their
reward for this loyal, true, brave, aud generous
conduct? When the Constitution of theircoun-
try gives theiu the right to hold the ballot,
