1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
makes tliem citizens, puts thera on an equal
fooling with yourselves, their reward for their
labor and kindness to your wives and children
in your extremity is that tbey are driven by
bludgeons from the polls or shot down, the
victims of midnight murder unavenged. That
is what you call southern chivalry, is it? That
is what you call high-souled courage, is it, to
shoot uriolFending persons at midnightin their
own homes, who protected yours when you
were powerless to protect or defend them?
That is the conduct of those whom we are
called upon to regard as only our erring
brethren ! Compare the chivalry of the negro,
in caring for and protecting your wives and
children during the war, with the chivalry of
the Kuklux Klans, countenanced and protected
by yourselves, killing the wife and children of
the defenseless colored father and husband in
midnight murder, disguised to escape punish-
ment.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I desire to ask the gentle-
man this question: how will the defeat of this
bill tend to repress these outrages and mur-
ders? If the gentleman will tell the House
that 1 will be glad to vote with him. If not
1 will vote for the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
tell you. It is in this way: every time we give
way here it is an encouragement to these
Kuklux Klans and their abettors.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Have we ever given way
to these men as classes before? Has it not
always been in special cases?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We have
relieved disabilities by thousands and thousands
at a time almost without question. We have
done it without its being asked for.
Mr. JOXES, of Kentucky. I want to ask
the gentleman a question. Whom do you mean
by tlie Kuklux ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. First let
me ancwer the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Bcuki.ey.]
Mr. JOSES, of Kentucky. No; answer me.
I want an answer.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Wait one
moment and then I will. We gave these men
their lives which they had forfeited by rebel-
lion and treason. We gave them their prop-
erty which they had forfeited. We gave them
back their country which they had forfeited.
We gave them the right to vote and take part
in the Government they had sought to over-
throw. We give way and give way and give
way all the time evermore to them.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. When did you
give way in the right direction, sir? [Cries
of'"Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We gave
way when we admitted the gentleman to his
seat. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell, Mr. Butler's hour
having expired.]
Mr. J O^JES, of Kentucky. Now, I want to
ask you whom you mean by the Kuklux?
[Cries of " Qtder!"] I say you are a rebel
against the Constitution and the Union ; and
the Honse went in the wrong direction when
it admitted you to a seat. [Loud shouts of
"Order!"]
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is out of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I repeat,
we gave way when the gentleman was admitted
to ins seat.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is out of order.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. It is all out of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky cannot speak.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I rise to ask a
question of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. If it is a parliamentary
question'the Chair will hear it.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts if he will
yield lor a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no;
that is not a parliamentary question. I am
not in the chair. I wish I was.
The SPEAKER. That is not a question
for the Chair to answer.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Is it not proper
for me to ask the gentleman to yield for a
question ?
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butlkr] has
expired; and the House has ordered the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. ARNELL. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays wers ordered.
Mr. ARNELL. I mov'e to lay the bill upon
the table.
The question was put; and the House re-
fused to lay the bill upon the table—ayes CO,
noes 90.
The question was then taken on the passage
of the bill; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 118, nays 90, not voting 31; as fol-
lows:
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Archer, Asper, Axtell,
Ay er, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Bcck, Bethune, Biggs,
Bingham. Bird,Blair, Booker, Buck, Buckley, Burch-
ard, Burr, Calkin, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cleve-
land, Conner, Cook, Cos, Crebs, Darrall, Degener,
Dickinson, Joseph D ixon. Dockery, Dex, Duke, Dyer,
Eklridge, i'arn-:\vorth, Fmketnburg, Garfield, Getz,
Gibson, Griswold, XXaight, llaldeman. Hale, Ilumble-
ton, ll-uaitl. llarris, Hay, Itefiin, Hill, llolman,
llotehkiss, Jenekcs, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones,
Judd, Kellogg, Kerr.Ketcham, Latlin, Lewis, Lynch,
Manning, Marshall, Mayharn, MeCormick, MeKee,
McKenzie, McNeety, Morer, Morgan, Morphis, Nib-
laek, Halbert E. Paine, William IV. Paine, Perce.
Peters.Piatt, Poland, Potter, Price, Randall, Reeves,
Rice, Sanford, Sargent, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod,
Sliober, Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
Stiles, Stone, Strader, Strickland, Strong, Swann,
Sweeney, Sypher, Taylor, Tollman, Trimble, Upson,
Van Auken, Van Trump. Voorhees, Wallace^ Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Well-, Eugene M. "Wilson,
Winans, Winchester, Witcher, Wood, Woodward,
and Young—118.
HAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Atwood,
Boa man, Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, George
M. Brooks. Buffinton. Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
RoderickR. Butler, Cessna, William T.Clark, Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb. Goburn, Conger, Cowles, Cul-
lom, Dawes.Dickcy, Nathan P. Dixon. Donley, Du-
val, El a, Ferriss, Ferry, Fisher. Gilfitian, Hawley,
Hoar, Hoge. Holmes. Julian, Kelley, Keisey, Knapp,
Lawrence, Logan. Long, Loughridge, Maynard, Me-
Crary, MeGrew, Mcrcur,BiiakimH.Moore,JesseH.
Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myer3,
Newsham, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Peek, Phelps, Pomoroy, Porter, Prosser, Rainey,
Roots, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, William J. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Stougbton, Tafi'e,
Tanner, Town send, Twieheil, Tyner, Van Horn,
Van Wyek, Ward, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willaid, Williams, John T.
Wilson, and Wolf—90.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Barry,
Boles, Bowen, Boyd, James Brooks, Cake, Corker,
Fitch, Fox, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hays, Hooper, In-
gersoll, Alexander H.Jones, Knott, Lash, McCarthy,
Milnes, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Muutten, Neg-
ley, Rogers, Schuniaker, Porter Sheldon. Worthing-
ton 0. Smith, Stevenson, and Whitmore—31.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PORTER. I ask unanimous consent
to have printed in the Qlobe some remarks
upon the bill just passed in addition to those
I have already made.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. PORTER. What! The balance of my
remarks?
Mr. VAN WYCK. I trust the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Baxdall] will not
inaugurate anything so unnsual in this House.
Mr. PORTER. I would like to know the
gentleman's reason for objecting.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, I am not bound to
give it.
Mr. PORTER, (to Mr. Randmx.) If yo-u
ever get unanimous consent in this House for
anything afterthis you will know it.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to have printed in the Globe some remarks
explanatory of my vote on this bill.
Mr. PORTER. I object. If I cannot have
leave to print the balance of my remarks I will
object to any gentleman in this House having
leave to prim any remarks on this bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I will withdraw my objec-
tion.
No further objection being made, leave was
granted to Mr. Porter and Mr. Saugext to
have printed in the Globe some remarks on
the bill just passed. [See Appendix.]
order of business.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. If the regular order be
called for, the morning hour will begin at
thirty-two minutes past two o'clock, and
reports will be in order from the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr, BINGHAM. Then I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House now t
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
for the consideration of the joint resolution
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay certain cotton claims, the; net proceeds
of which are at present covered into the Treas-
ury, arising from the sales of cotton unlaw-
fully seized after June 30, 1865.
Mr. KELSEY. Oh, no ; I hope not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If that
motion should be adopted would it use up
one of the morning hours ta which the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary is entitled?
The SPEAKER. It would not. The Chair
would state that as the joint resolution men-
tioned by the gentleman lrom Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] is not a special order in Committee of the
Whole, should the House now resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
. the Union, and no special order is insisted
1 upon, the several bills on the Calendar would
i have to be considered in their order. The
Clerk will report the general orders on the
Calendar in Committee of the Whole, down
to and including the one referred to by the
gentleman.
The Clerk read as follows:
A bill (H. R. No. 046) to Suspend the provisions of
ail act to strengthen the public credit, approved
March 15, I860, until the United States resume pay-
ment in com of all the obligations of the Govern-
ment:
Resolution relative to the acquisition of territory;
A bill (II. R. No. 593) to apportion the representa-
tion of the several States m the House of Represent-
atives for the Forty-Second Congress;
A bill (.11. R. No. 1 'l'u) to setaside certain proceeds
from internal revenue for the erection of eapitot
building in the Territories of Arizona, Dakota,
Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming;
A bill UI. R. No. 1858; to reduce and lighten the
burdens of taxation;
A bill (H. R. No. 18S5) to reduce the duties on im-
ports;
A bill (H. R. No. 2088) for the reduction of internal
A bill {II. R. No.2211) to abolish the duty on coal r
A hill (H. R. No. 2176) authorizing the appoint-
mentof aoommissionerand the settlement of claims
of citizens of Kansas:
A bill (II. R. No. 2288) to organize a department
of internal revenue and to regulate the collection
of internal taxes: ....
A bill (H. R. No. 2346) to authorize the issue of
convertible bonds;
A bill (II. R. No. 2349) to reduce the duties on
imported salt;
A bill (II. 11. No. 1769) to provide for the construc-
tion of a breakwater for the Cape Cod ship-canal;
and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 340) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay certain cotton
claims, the net. proceeds of which lire at present
covered into the Treasury, arising from sales
of cotton unlawfully seized after June .'10, 18tiS.
The SPEAKER. It will be necessary to
take up these bills in the order in whioii their
titles have just been read. A majority vote
would be sufficient in each case to lay them
aside informally.
Mr. DAWES. I hope we shall not lay
aside all other bills for the purpose of taking
up one which will deplete the Treasury in this
manner.
Mr. ALLISON. We might go on with the
Caleudar regularly and see haw mauy bills we
can pass.
The SPEAKER. When the House goes
into Committee of the Whole on tho gen-
