1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
81
bill is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
The bill was read. It is a direction to the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Mrs. Jane
Northridge, widow of William Northridge, de-
ceased, late colonel fifty-ninth regiment New
York State volunteers, the sum of $10,250 32,
4h full payment far moneys advanced and
services rendered by William Northridge in
raising troops in the State of New York.
Mr. HOWE. Is there a report accompany-
ing that bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is. It will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Abbott from the Committee
on Military Affairs on the 3d of March last:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred for investigation the claim of Mrs. Jano
Northridge, widow ot W illiam Northridge. deceased,
late colonel of the fifty-ninth regiment New York
State volunteers, beg Leave respectfully to submit
the following report:
It appears upon examination that on or about the
1st day of June, 1861, Colonel Northridge commenced
recruiting troops for the United States volunteer
Armv; that on or about July 24,1831, he reported to
the "War Department and was authorized to complete
a regiment of volunteers; that at that time he had
five companies, and had established a camp at Elm
Park, Staten Island, Richmond county. New York,
and that from the 1st day of June. 1861 to the 13th
day of October, 1861, at which time his men were con-
solidated with othersandformed the fifty-ninth New
York State volunteers, ho had expended large sums
of money in subsisting said men.
It appears, upon an examination of official copies
of affidavits on file in the War Department, fur-
nished by the honorable Secretary of War to your
committee, that the sum of $5,490 was paid for pro-
visions ; that the sum of $3,525 was paid for wall and
A tents; that $151 32 were paid for rentof offices: that
8388 were paid for printing, and that the sum of $406
was paid for stoves and fore-imp and garrison equip-
age; and that the total amount thus expended by
Colonel Northridge was $10,260 32.
It further appears that at the time these various
purchases were made receipts and vouchers, covering
the entireamountofsaid expenditures,were obtained
by said Northridge, and by his order were carefully
filed away with other valuable papers, and were lost
in the m.mth of August, 1862, iu the following man-
ner, to wit: while the army was lying at Harrison's
Landing. Virginia, an order was issued by Major
(General George B. McClellan, ordering all the extra
baggage of officers to be forwarded to a place of
safety, and the army to be in readiness to move in
light marching order; and that, in obedience to said
Older, Colonel Northridge ordered his trunk to be
placed in charge of the regimental quartermaster,
and by him to be transported to barges lying at Har-
rison'slianding, Virginia, to beshippedio Washing-
ton, District ot,Columbia, and from thence to their
destination; that his trunk, containing the bills
and receipts heretofore referred to, including other
papers pertaining to the organization until the 13th
day of October, 1861, with his extra clothing, was
carefully marked and directed to be shipped by ex-
press from Washington, District of Columbia, to
Baliimo; e, Maryland, and that his trunk was lost or
stolen after delivery on b"ard the b.irge as aforesaid;
that he has made diligent search for the same, but
without suceess. While the petitioner in this case is
unable to produce the proper receipts for the expend-
itures made, it is shown by positive evidence from
whom the purchases were made, and the reason why
other vouchers cannot be produced is satisfactorily
accounted for in the affidavit ot James H. Birdsall,
late captain in said regiment. Itis m evidence that
there were about two hundred men subsisted daily
from the 1st da/of June, 1861, to the 1st day of Octo-
ber, 1861; and further, that the men were accepted
l y the United States Government. _
The committee further find that the said^North-
ridge during his life time presented the aforesaid
claim to the War Department for adjudication, and
that iho same w<is rejected for the reason that he,
Northridge. was unable to comply with a certain
order existing in regard to the payment of such
claims, to wit, furnishing receipts of the parties to
whom payment was made, the reason being, as here-
tofore stated, that such receipts were unavoidably
lost with his baggage. It further appears that the
said Northridge is now deceased, and has left a
widow surviving; that bis record whilein the Uni-
ted States Army was good; that he subsisted out of
his own private funds an average of two hundred
men daily from the 1st day of June, 1861, to the 13th
day of October, 1861; and that the Government m
the hour of trial had the aid and services of the men
thus recruited.
Your committee therefore firmly believe that, the
claim is just in every particular, and earnestly rec-
ommend that the bill bo at once passed for the full
amount of said claim.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for athird
reading, read the third time, and passed.
alfred e. brooks.
The next bill ou the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 272) for the relief of Alfred E.
Brooks, postmaster at Ilion, New York; which
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in adjusting the accounts of Alfred E.
Brooks, as postmaster at Ilion, in the county
of Herkimer, New York, to give him credit
for the sum of $1,176 17, the amount of
postage stamps deposited with him for sale by
the United States and money received by him
on sale of postage stamps belonging to the
United States, of which he was robbed on the
10th day of October, 186$, while acting in the
aforesaid capacity, if the Secretary shall be
satisfied upon due investigation that Brooks
was robbed without fault or negligence on his
part.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported on the 3d of March last by the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] from the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Iloads,
without amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ee peal of test-oath.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 301) for the repeal of certain laws
therein named.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported on the 4th of March last from the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities by the Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Robertson.] It will be read in full;
after which the Chair will ask for objection.
|| The bill was read. It proposes to repeal an
il act entitled "An act to prescribe an oath of
Jj office, and for other purposes," approved July
j| 2, 1862, and all parts of other acts requiring
the taking or administration of the oath in the
first-mentioned act prescribed.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to the considera-
tion of that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
treaty -with cherokee nation.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
•{S. No. 631) to provide for carrying into effect
provisions of a treaty concluded between the
United States and the Cherokee nation of
Indians, July 19, 1866,
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Harlan,] from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, on the 7th of March last. Is there
objection to its present consideration ? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know what the
bill is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the bill in full, after which it will
be open to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the bill?
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the committee if this bill allows
the Cherokees to sell what is known as the
Cherokee strip ?
Mr. HARLAN. That is included in the
sale of the lands lying west of the ninety-sixth
meridian.
Mr. POMEROY. But all those lands do
not lie west of the ninety-sixth meridian.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes-, they lie west of the
ninety-sixth meridian, but not south of the
south line of Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. But they are not in this
bill.
Mr. HARLAN. They will be all sold by
this bill, if it shall become a law.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not.so understand
the reading.
Mr. POOL. 1 object to the consideration
of t his bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from North Carolina objects to the consider-
ation of the bill, and itisnot before the Senate.
NEUTRALITY LAWS. • " < : : .
The next bill on the Calendar -was the bill
(S. No. 368) making it'a misdemearior to fit
out or equip ships of waj-, or to sell or furnish
arms or munitions of war, with intent that
they shall be employed in the service of any
foreign prince or State to commit hostilities
against the people of any province, district, or
colony who are in a state of armed; rebellion
against such foreign prince or State,: arid pro-
viding for the forfeiture of such ship or vessel.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This, Ml was
reported by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton,] from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, with amendments. Is there objection to
its present consideration ?
Mr. MORTON. I am willing that that bill
shall be passed over for the present; but I shall
ask the Senate to fix a day for its consideration,
for I think it is a very important measure.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope it will be post-
poned until after the Alabama claims are set-
tled and all the claims for depredations upon
our commerce by citizens of other countries.
Mr. MORTON. I do not think it is import-
ant for the reason suggested by the Senator ;
I think it will contribute, perhaps, to the settle-
ment of the Alabama claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho bill will be
passed over, and the Senator from Indiana gives
notice that he will ask the Senate to name some
day hereafter for its consideration.
withdrawal of. spirits.
The next business on tbe Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 17-9) for extending
time for the withdrawal of spirits from distill-
erv warehouses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joint reso-
lution was reported adversely on the 9th of
March last by the Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Williams] from tbe Committee on Finance.
Is there objection to it present consideration ?
Mr. SHERMAN. As the resolution was
reported adversely, I move its indefinite post-
ponement.
Mr. BAYARD. Will it be in order for me
to substitute a motion to pass it over? I am
perfectly satisfied that there ought to be, in
justice and for the furtherance of business,
some increased allowance of time to the manu-
facturers of distilled spirits to withdraw their
goods from bond. Although the resolution
was reported adversely by the committee, and
by my friend, the honorable Senator from Ore-
gon, yet I have some reason to suppose that
his views may have undergone modification
since that report was made. I should be sorry
to see a motion adopted indefiuifcely postpon-
ing the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Delaware objects to the present consid-
eration of the joint resolution, that will have
priority of the motion to indefinitely postpone,
and leave it on the Calendar. The Senator
objects, and it will therefore remain on the
Calendar.
james sr. ellison.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 648) for the relief of James M. Elli-
son.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported from the Committee on Claims by the
Senator from West Virginia, [Mr. Willey,] on
the 10th of March last, with a written report.
The Secretary will read the bill, after which
the Chair will ask for objections, if any.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
refer the claim of James M. Ellison against
1 the United States for his property, (which he
alleges was seized by the troops and military
authorities of the United States, at or near the
town of Williamsburg, in the county of James
City, in the State of Virginia, in (he years 1802.
1863. and 1864, and used by the troops and
military authorities, consisting of houses of
various descriptions, lumber, fencing, fire-
wood, cut and corded, horses, mules, wagon,
harness, and portable steam saw-mill,) to th«
