&2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
Court of Claims, which is vested with jurisdic-
tion in the premises, and whose duty it is to be
to. investigate and determine what amount of
property belonging to Ellison was actually taken
and used by the troops and military authorities,
and the value thereof, and whether the United
States are liable to make compensation there-
for, and if so, the amount of compensation, on
the principles of justice and equity.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the bill?
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it go over.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator will not
insist on putting that bill over unless he thinks
it is very important that it should go over. Just
now the Senate passed overabill to referclaims
like this to the Quartermaster General and the
Commissary General. G^iat bill has been re-
peatedly discussed here in the Senate ; and
sometimes when it has been discussed Senators
have objected that it was not safe to trust those
Departments, but that these claim's should go
to the Court of Claims. Now here is a specific
claim, and the committee thought they would
try the sense of the Senate with reference to
the expediency of sending this to the Court of
Claims. I have been prospecting, if that is the
proper term to use, ever since 1 have been a
member of the Committee on Claims, in order
to ascertain what was the disposition of the
Senate in reference to these matters, what they
would do. If they would only say they will do
nothing, that would be satisfactory to me. But
hitherto, when any distinct proposition has come
before the Senate, it has been cudgeled to death
by a variety of counter-propositions; not that
the Senate were indisposed to do anything at,
all about paving these claims, but they were
not prepared to do that particular thing. As
the Senate have refused to help me to refer
these claims to the Quartermaster General and
the Commissary General, I should like to see
if the Senate are disposed to refer them to the
Court of Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does 'the Sen-
ator from Michigan insist on his objection?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will bo
passed over.
railroad in wyoming.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 60D) granting wild lands in the Terri-
tory of "Wyoming to aid in the construction of
a railroad from a point on the Union Pacific
railroad. _at or near Church Butte Station, in
said Territory, to the head-waters of Smith's
Pork, in the Uinta mountains, and to secure
to the Government free transit for postal mat-
ter, troops, <fec., over the same.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported on the, 11th of March last by the
Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomkroy,] from
the Committee on Public Lands, with amend-
ments. Is there objection to its present con-
sideration ?
Mr. CAMERON. I guess it had better go
over. ''
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Senator would i
not object if he understood what it was. !
Mr. CAMERON. I always suspect there is |
something wrong iu a bill when it proceeds '
to tell in its title what it is going to do for the I
Government. j
Mr. POMEROY. _ This is to make a road !
from the Union Pacific railroad to the mount- |
ains. ;
Mr. CAMERON. I think wo had better '
have an opportunity to examine it. !
Mr. POMEROY. The bill was presented j
by the Senator irom New York, [Mr. Coxk- j
i.ixo,] and the committee reported it unan- j
imously. It is very carefully guarded, and j
it will be a great public improvement if the !
road can be built. I do not suppose that it j
ctlll fc)6 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from j
Pennsylvania objects, and the bill will be passed |
exemption from succession tax.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution- (S. R. No. 155) to exempt
from succession tax property in the city of
Baltimore intended to be conveyed by Mrs.
Isabella Brown to the Presbyterian church in
that city, connected with the General Assembly
of the Presbyterian church in the UnitedStates.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joint reso-
lution was introduced on the 14th of March
last by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scott,] and has never been referred.
Mr. SCOTT. As the subject-matter of the
resolution is covered by a general bill which
has since passed I move its indefinite post-
ponement.
The motion was agreed to.
J. milton best.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 667) for the relief of Dr. J. Milton Best.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported on the 15th of March last by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] from the
Committee on Claims, with a written report. Is
there objection to its present consideration?
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan objects, and the bill will be passed
over.
southern maryland railroad.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
'(S. No. 597) to authorize the authorities of the
city of Washington, District of Columbia, t,o
indorse the bonds of the Southern Maryland
Railroad Company.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Lewis,] on the 15th of March last, from the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, with an
amendment. Is there objection to its present
consideration ?
Mr. CAMERON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania objects, anil it will bo passed
over.
samuel miller.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 678) for the relief of Nicholas M.
Page, executor of Samuel Miller, of Campbell
county, Virginia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This hill was
reported on the Kith of March last from the
Committee on Claims by the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] with a written re-
port. Is there objection to its present con-
sideration? The Chair hears none.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
appropriate ยง41,309 40 in satisfaction of the
claim of Nicholas M. Page, executor of Sam-
uel Miller, of Campbell county, Virginia, for
reimbursement of that sum paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States, it having been paid
under a decree of the district court of the dis-
trict of Indiana, confiscating $109,000 in the
five per cent, bonds of the State, and ยง10,900
cash, being two years' interest on the bonds,
belonging to Miller, which decree was after-
ward reversed and set aside by the circuit court
of the United States; but before such pay-
ment shall be made to the executor the State
bonds which were the subject of such decree
of confiscation are to be deposited with the
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States,
subject to such disposition as the Legislature
of the State of Indiana may see fit to make of
the same; which State bonds are described as
follows, namely: No. 512, amount $12,000;
No. 699, amount $4,000; No. 715, amount
$4,000; No. 1328, amount S9,000; No. 1519,
amount ยง2,000; No. 1540, amount $3,000;
No. 1614, amount $5,000; No. 1663, amount
ยง4,000; No. 1708, amount 88.000; No. 2007,
amount $4,000; No. 53, amount $16,000;
No. 277, amount $22,000; No. 354, amount
$13,000; No. 419, amount $3,000; No. 1015,
amount $5,000.
No objection being made, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed fora third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
2508) to repeal several acts relatingto the tenure-
of civil offices ; in which it requested the con
currence of the Senate.
j. milton best,
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Chandler] withdraws his ob-
jection to the bill which was passed over a
moment ago, for the relief of Dr. Best, of Ken-
tucky, and I hope that bill will be taken up.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Senator from
Michigan withdraws his objection, and if there
be no further objection the bill (S. No. 667) for
the relief of Dr. J. Milton Best will be consid-
ered as before the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. If nobody else objects, I should
like to have it considered now.
Mr NYE. It is a bill that ought to be
passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the bill, and if there be no objection
it will be before the Senate as in Committec-
of the Whole.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
appropriate the sum of $25,000 to Dr. J. Mil-
ton Best, of Paducah, Kentucky, in compen-
sation for the destruction of his dwelling-housr-
and its contents, by order of Colonel S. J.
Hicks, commanding the United States troops
at Paducah, Kentucky, on the 26th of March.
1864.
Mr. TIPTON. I should like to hear in a
single word the character of this Dr. Best.
Mr. HOWE. All 1 know about the cliarac
ter of Dr. Best is that he was a physician liv-
ing at Paducah, was at one time a surgeon in
the Army of the United States, and on tin-
right side in the "late unpleasantness," and
gave some evidences of his sincere regard for
the Government of the United States, one oi
which was that when Paducah was attacked
by Mr. Forrest and some of his friends he stood
on the roof of his house signaling to the gun-
boats in the river how to direct their fire; and
it was this very house that was destroyed by
the Government for military uses, for which this
bill seeks payment. Of his loyalty there is no
sort of doubt.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the ground of
the claim, if the Senator will be good enough
to state it?
Mr. HOWE. The ground of the claim is
that he lived in Kentucky, on the banks of the
river there, and owned some property. This
house was about the whole that he owned. The
Government destroyed it, and madeapoorman
out of a man who was perfectly loyal and tol-
erably well off before.
Mr. CONKLING. It was destroyed by mil-
itary forces in war.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
^Mr. CONKLING. I may be wrong about
this; but will the honorable Senator be good
enough to state how he distinguishes this case
from the many others of persons who suffered?
Mr. POMEROY. It is the Sue Murphey case
over again.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend from Kansas
suggests that it is the Sue Murphey case over
again. It is distinguishable from that case,
because the claimant resided in a State which
had never been declared in insurrection. That
is one difference, and there may. be others.
But how is this distinguishable from the cases
of persons in the border States whose property
was destroyed by the military forces of the
United States? I am not mistaken in sup-
posing that many of those cases have been
postponed and a very cold shoulder turned
toward them. If this case is like those, I do
