888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
eral Calendar the first question with reference
to any bill which may be reached is whether
it shall be reported to the House, pendiug
which any gentleman desiring its postponement
may move to lay it aside.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is it in order to have
rend at this time the bill indicated by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham ?]
The .SPEAKER. It might be in order to
read it for information if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The motion, I under-
stand, is to go into Committee of the Whole
on that bill.
The SPEAKER. The proper course would
be to read the bill in Committee of the Whole,
bnt by unanimous consent it might be read
now.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Before voting on going
into Committee of the Whole I would like to
know what the bill is.
The SPEAKER. The bill has had two read-
ings and has been referred to the committee.
The gentleman is presumed to be acquainted
with its contents.
Mr. SCOFIELD. A very violent presump-
tion ! [Laughter.]
Mr. ARNELL. Does this come out of the
morning hour?
The SPEAKER. Should the House go into
Committee of the Whole, there would probably
be no morning hour to-day.
Mr. DAWES. Would it be in order to move
to go into Committee of the Whole on the naval
appropriation bill?
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] who has
charge of the naval appropriation bill does not
desire action on it to-day. I therefore move
that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the Army appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. It would require unani-
mous consent to put one special order ahead
of another which antedates it.
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to sug-
gest that if the morning hour does not go on
several committees having important measures
to report will not be reached at ail. I hope
we shall insist that the morning hour shall
proceed.
The SPEAKER. If the House does not
go into the Committee of the Whole on the
motion of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, the next business must be
the morning hour, during which the call of
committees will proceed.
Mr. COX. I rise to a parliamentary inquiry.
Is it not in order for me to move an amend-
ment to the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] so that we may
take up in Committee of the Whole the bill to
abolish the tax on salt ?
The SPEAKER. It would require a sus-
pension of the rules to take up out of its order
a bill on the general Calendar ; and the motion
to suspend the rules cannot be made except
on Monday, after the morning hour.
Mr. COX. I move to proceed to bills on
the general Calendar for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules appro-
priation bills have the preference when the
House is in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw my motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole if the
business of the morning hour can go on.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will make a
statement relating to a point which may come
up again. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] who has charge of the appropri-
ation bills is aware that they are made special
orders after the morning hour; but should the
House go into committee before the morning
hour, they are not special orders, though they
are preferred under the general rule which gives
appropriation bills the preference. They may,
however, be laid aside by a majority vote of
the committee, which could not be done after
the morning hour, for they are then the special
order by direction of the House. So that if
gentlemen desire to reach the general Calendar
they must go into committee before the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. COX. I move to go into Committee of
the Whole :to take up the salt bill out of its
order, the bill relating to the duty on salt-
Mr. DAWES. I hope that will not be done.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] is not in order
in the form in which he puts it. He cannot
specify any particular bill. It is for the Com-
mittee of the Whole to determine what bill it
will act upon. The gentleman from New York
moves that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole for the consideration
of the general Calendar.
The motion was not agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins, at two o'clock and forty minutes. Re-
ports are in order from the Committee on the
Judiciary.
department of justice.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back, with an amend-
ment in the form of a substitute, a bill (H. R.
No. 2805) supplementary to an act to estab-
lish the Department of Justice.
The bill was read. It provides that there
shall be in the Department of Justice an addi-
tional assistant of the Attorney General, who
shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
hold his office until his successor is duly qual-
ified, and who shall be paid the salary of other
Assistant Attorneys General.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the previous
question.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. How many Assistant
Attorneys General are there already ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The Attorney General
has made this request, as he has not enough to
supply the several Departments. They were
cut off by a recent act from having further
assistants unless in this way.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
female suffrage.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to report back
from the Committee on the Judiciary the
petition of Victoria C. Woodhull in relation
to female suffrage; not however for the pur-
pose of having the House act on the report
and the resolution at this time, but merely
that the report be made the special order for
the consideration of the House on the second
Wednesday of February, after the morning
hour.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to its being made
a special order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not propose to have
the House pass on the subject now, and not
wishing to delay the House, I will for the
present withdraw the report.
rights of citizens.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report back
House bill No. 2634, to amend an act approved
May 31, 1870, entitled "An act to enforce the
rights of citizens of the United States to vote
in the several States of this Union, and for
other purposes.'' This is an act of great length,
and it cannot be considered in the morning
hour. I move that it be made the special order
for the third Wednesday in February next,
after the morning hour. Itisa matterof great
public importance and should be considered.
Mr. RANDALL. Let us have the bill read.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is too long to read,
Mr. RANDALL. If the gentleman will not
allow it to be read 1 object absolutely.
Mr. COX. I do not want that law to be
amended. It was passed in the interest of the
Republican party, but it has turned out to the
advantage of the Democrats.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will have to withdraw
it and report it another time.
cherokee indians.
Mr. YOORHEES. Before the gentleman
from Ohio takes his seat I wish to ask him a
question as chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yery well; I willhearit.
Mr. VOORHEES. Now, one year ago, I
introduced resolutions on this floor involving
a question arising out of a conflict between the
treaty of 1866, entered into by this Govern-
ment a^d the Cherokee nation of Indians, and
an act of Congress of July, 1868. The con-
flict was on the subject of the right and power
of the Government to assess and levy upon
persons in the Cherokee Indian country, when
they were exempted by the treaty, the taxes
sought to be levied by this act of Congress.
The point I wish to call the attention of the
gentleman from Ohio to is this: those reso-
lutions involving private rights of the highest
character, rights of property and liberty, were
referred to the Judiciary Committee with in-
structions to inquire into the points involved,
and with leave to report at any time by bill
or otherwise. For oue year those resolutions,
involving the property as well as the liberty
of a person, have been pending before the
Judiciary Committee with instructions to them
to make inquiry as to those questions, and with
leave to report by bill or otherwise. I have
become tired of waiting, Mr. Speaker, and I
rise for the purpose of asking why the Judi-
ciary Committee has not acted on this ques-
tion, and why they have not reported? Fur-
ther, before I yield to the gentleman 
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield further.
I yielded to the gentleman merely to make an
inquiry. We cannot have the morning hour
taken up in this way.
Mr. VOORHEES. I only wish to say a
word or two more.
Mr. PETERS. I object. This is a waste
of time; there is nothing before the House.
Mr. VOORHEES. I submitthat.it is not a
waste of time ; and there is something before
the House as importantas the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Peteks] ever saw in his life.
Mr. PETERS. The matter referred to by
the gentleman will be before the House in the
next morning hour. It is a waste of time to
discuss it now.
Mr. VOORHEES. It is not a waste of time
when the Judiciary Committee has waited one
year without reporting.
Mr. PETERS. I object to the gentleman
proceeding.
Mr. VOORHEES. I hold the floor by the
courtesy of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham.)
Mr. BINGHAM. I resume the floor. I
will just say this in reply to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,] that the com-
mittee are considering the matter. But by
reason of a question arising, after the matter
was brought under the consideration of the
committee, in the courts of the United States,
where the subject-matter of the inquiry is still
pending in the Supreme Court of the United
States, no report has yet been made. There
may be one, for aught I know, made to-mor-
row. That is all I have to say on that subject.
I now yield to my colleague on the committee,
[Mr. Butler.]
jurisdiction of courts in certain cases.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported back,
