1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
not think it ought to pass it^this unceremonious
way without our understanding what we are
doing.
Mr. HOWE. I did not know that any dis-
tinction had been made between claimants
in the border States and claimants in other
States.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no; I did not say
that. I say cases came here from the border
States, they being States never declared in
insurrection. They were not likely to arise in
the State of the honorable Senator, for exam-
ple, as not a great many pitched battles were
fought in the State of Wisconsin, and not a
great deal of destruction of that kind com-
mitted.
Mr. HOWE. More than the Senator knows
of, I think.
Mr. CONKLING.. I referred to States in
which battles were fought, it was there that
such cases chiefly arose, I take it.
Mr. HOWE. If I understand the interroga-
tory of the Senator from Now York, I can Only
say in reply that I do not know that there is
any distinction to be made between this and
other cases. I do not know when we have
refused to pay any loyal person in any loyal
State for property of any kind taken by the
Government for its use.
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Sen-
ator will pardon me a moment, I will say that
if this were that case, whether we had refused
or whether we bad not, I should not be able
at this moment to see any very good reason
for refusing. If this were the instance of a
man whose property, in the language of the
Senator, had been taken by the United States,
I could see a great many reasons why the Uni-
ted States should pay for it, and no reason for
refusing. But, as 1 understand it, it is no such
case. On the contrary, it is the case of a man
who was domiciled in some portion of this
country at a time when a war broke out which
came to be a public war, a territorial war;
and I employ now both expressions, 1 believe,
employed by the highest judicial tribunal of
the country in characterizing it. This person
titus domiciled fell, as to his property, a victim
to the ravages of war, the particular case being
that the troops of the country in which he was
domiciled, and not the troops of the enemy,
destroyed it. That is not the case of my buy-
ing or acquiring or taking property from ray
honorable friend and being bound to pay him
the value of the property. I put the case as
between individuals. It is not the case of a
Government taking the property of a citizen
and devoting it to the public use, he being
entitled to compensation. On the contrary,
it is the case of an obliteration of property
because trodden out under the hoofs of war.
Mr. HOWARD. I was about to make an
inquiry of the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin, and I shall be obliged to him if he will
state the facts in regard to the mode and man-
ner in which this property was destroyed. Was
it not destroyed in the course of regular mili-
tary operations in the field and as a matter of
necessity for the prosecution of a battle, or
some operation of that kind? I understood
him to intimate that it was taken by the author-
ities of the United States for public use. If
that be bo we shall pay for it; there is no doubt
about that. But if that be not the case—if it
was destroyed as an act of necessity in the
prosecution of actual hostilities in the field,
the case, it seems to me. is very different. It
differs vastly from the ordinary process of taking
private property for public use. 1 merely ask
t he question of the honorable Senator as to thp
mode in which it was destroyed.
Mr. HOWE. I will answer the question
of the Senator from Michigan by reading an
extract from the report:
"This claim is for the value of a dwelling-house
and its contents, destroyed by order of Colonel S. (J.
Hicks, of the fortieth regiment of Illinois volunteers,
commanding rhe Union forces in defense of the city
of Paducah, Kentucky, in March, 1864.
"On the 25th of March G-eneral N. B, Forrest attacked 1
the city in force. Colonel Hicks, with a command of
about seven hundred men, withdrew into Fort Ander-
son. Thesharp-shootersoftheenemysoon took pos-
session of claimant's house and grounds in large num-
bers, about ono hundred ar,d fifty yards irom tha
fort; and that position did great execution in pick-
ing off the men at the guns within the defenses. They
were driven from the house by shells from tbe fort
and gun-boats: and the enemy's whole force retired
from the assault ateleven o'clock that night without
success.' They appeared again next morning with
reinforcements, and Colonel Hicks, regarding his
command in great peril, having exhausted, or nearly
exhausted, his ammunition the preceding night, gave
orders for the destruction of all houses within mus-
ket-range of the fort. The order was executed at
once, and claimant's house was burned, with its con-
tents. The enemy then withdrew."
Now, Mr, President, it was suggested by the
Senator from New York that this property was
not taken by the Government, but was oblit-
erated by the foot of war; that it was in time
of war, and this property was destroyed during
a war. I cannot deny that it was in the course
of military operations, to use the language of
the Senator l'rom Michigan; but, there was a
distinct determination of the military author-
ities, speaking for the Government and in the
name of the Government, that to deprive this
man of his property was a public necessity ;
and you never take property for the Govern-
ment except in case of public necessity. That
was the decision ; and then they sent out and
took possession of the property and destroyed
it. That was the use to which they put it.
They did not live in it; they did not buy it, iti
the language of the Senator from New York;
but they took it and then destroyed it, because
that was the use they desired to make of it. I
am not prepared here now, and I never can be
prepared,to prove that this is a taking; but
two things are very certain: one is that Best
lost the property through a governmental act,
and the other is that the Government, by its
constituted authorities, put it to just that use
which they thought would serve their purposes
best. There cannot be any doubt about that.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator
a question ?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Shall I understand him
to maintain that if a military officer in the field,
engaged in an act of war, causes a forest to be
leveled or a house to be removed, to give gun-
range in a battle, that is taking private prop-
erty, in the judgment of the Senator, for pub-
lic use, in the senso of the Constitution? In
other words, that a general embodies in him-
self the Government of the United States, so
that his act is the act of the Uuited States,
constitutionally speaking, in taking private
property for public use?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, Mr. President, I think
the general, the officer in command, besomes
for the time being the Government of the Uni-
ted States, acting within the line of his duty;
so that if be takes the Senator's horse, or
house, or grain, or meat, and applies it to a
legitimate use of the Government, the Govern-
ment is as much bound to pay for it as if it was
appropriated by the express authority of an
act of Congress. So it has always seemed to ;
me. It seems to me that is the equitable rule, ij
and I supposed it was the legal rule. '(
Mr. HOWARD. This bill plainly opens the h
whole field of discussion in regard to the obliga- jl
tion of the Government of the United States j
to indemnify persons whose property has been ji
destroyed by acts of war. We all know very jl
well how much time has already been con- i
sumed in the discussion of that matter. If it
be in order, for the purpose of making some
progress with the Calendar, I renew the objec-
tion to the further consideration of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would scarcely
be in order now under the rule under which we
are acting ; but the Senator can move to post-
pone the lurther consideration of the bill until
to morrow, the effect of which motion, if car-
ried, will be to remove it from the present con-
sideration of the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I make that motion.
Mr, RAMSEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending this
motion ?
Mr. HOWE. Oh no; let this be disposed of
first.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; let the pending
motion be disposed of first.
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand that the
motion ot the Senator from Michigan removes
the bill from the consideration of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion does
not.
Mr. HOWE. Then I shall have to ask the
Senate to divide on that motion; and I shall
have to ask for the yeas and nays. I want to
remind the Senate of these two things; first,
that this bill was considered during the last
session; second, that 1 think the Senator from
Michigan will, upon reflection, concede that he-
is mistaken in supposing that this opens the
whole question of indemnity for losses during
the war. There is only a single question in-
volved, and that is the question raised by thi-
Senator from New York: is this a taking by
the Government for the public use or not?
That is all the question that is involved here.
If it is, then the Constitution is imperative. I
must ask the Senate to give me the yeas and
nays on the motion to postpone, because 1
really think there ought to be a vote on these
questions at some time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the motion
of the Senator from Michigan, to postpone the
further consideration of this bill until to mor-
row, the Senator from Wisconsin demands the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Fonton, Hamilton of Texas, llamlin, Har-
lan, Howard, Howell. Revels, Sherman. Thayer,
Tipton, Trumbull, Williams, and Windoui—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly,
Davis Drake,Fowler. Hamilton of Maryland, Ilar-
l-is, Howe. Kellogg, McCreer.v, Morrill of Verm nt,
Morton, Nye, Pool, Pratt, Rice, Ross, SauUbury.
Sawyer, Scott. Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Vioker*.
and Willey—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Corbett, Cragin, Ed-
munds, Ferry, Flanagan, Gilbert, Johnston, Lewis,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Patterson.
1'omeroy, Kauisey, Robertson, Schurz, Stockton,
Sumner,Thurman, Warner, Wilson, and Yates—2s.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill remains
pending; but the Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
Ramsey] now moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CAMERON. Before that is done 1
desire to call up a bill, simply with a view of
presenting a substitute and asking to have it
printed and then recommitted.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to thai.
SOUTHERN EXPRESS COMPANST.
Mr. CAMERON. I move, then, to take up
Senate bill No. 701, to incorporate the South-
ern Express Company.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I now offer a substitute
for the bill, whicli I desire to have printed,
and I move the bill and substitute be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 2508) to repeal several
acts relating to the tenure of civil offices was
read twicc by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
2509) to abolish the offices of Admiral and
Vice Admiral in the Navy, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a concurrent resolution for the
adjournment of the two Houses from Thursday,
