64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
the 22d instant, to "Wednesday, the 4th of Jan-
uary next, at twelve o'clock, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
executive session*.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after nearly an hour spent
therein the doors were reopened, and (at
three o'clock and fifty-seven minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 12, 1870.
The House metat twelve o'eloclc m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctleii.
The Journal of Thursday last was read.
correction op tub journal.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
make a correction of the Journal. When the
bill was up relating to the codification of the
postal laws I am recorded as voting iu favor
of the abolition of the franking privilege. That
is a mistake. I voted in the negative.
The correction was made; and the Journal
was then approved.
member-elect sworn in.
Mr. DAWES presented the credentials of
Joseph H. Rainey; member-elect from the first
congressional district of South Carolina, and
moved that he be sworn in.
There was no objection ; and Mr. Rainey
was duly qualified by taking theoath prescribed
by law ot Juiy 2, 1802.
order of business.
The SPEAKER,. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order.
cape coi) ship-canal.
Mr. BUFF1N TON introduced a joint reso-
luiion (H. R. No. 397) relative to a harbor of
refuge and breakwater at the entrance of the
Cape Cod ship-canal; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
carriage of passengers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 2473) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to regulate the carriage of pas-
sengers in steamships and other vessels," ap-
proved March 3, 1855 ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordeied to be printed.
catharine coen.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a bill (H. it.
No. 2474) granting a pension to Catharine
Coen ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
huildino at hartford, connecticut.
Mr. STRONG introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2475) to provide for a building for the use of
the post office, pension office, custom-house,
United States circuit and district courts, and
internal revenue offices at Hartford, Connec-
ticut; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
income tax.
Mr. IiETCHAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2470) to repeal the income tax ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
collection of imp out and tonnage duties.
Mr. TANNER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2477) to amend sections three and iour of the
act approved March 3, 1817, entitled " An act
to enforce an act entitled 'An act further to j
provide for the collection of duties on imports j
and tonnage, and for other purposes, passed i
the 3d of March, 1815;' " which was read a first ,
and second time, referred to.the Committee on j
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
rachel a. kennedy.
Mr. SLOCUM introduced a bill (H. R. No. \
2478) for the relief of Rachel A. Kennedy; j
which was read a first and second time, and j
referred to the Committee of Claims. j
MARY B. COLLINS. j
Mr. FERRISS introduced a bill (H. It. No. j
2479) granting a pension to Mary B. Collins ; ,
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
mineral land fund.
Mr. FERRISS also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2480) to create a fund to be known j
as the mineral land fund, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Mines and
Mining.
census Of 1870.
Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 398) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior to increase the compensa-
tion of assistant marshals in taking the census
of 1870; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
the Ninth Census.
taxes on legacies, etc.
Mr. COX introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 399) relative to and repealing all taxes
on legacies and distributive shares ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
american commerce and ship-building.
Mr. GETZ introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2481) to encourage maritime commerce under
the American flag, and the maintena ^e of the
sciences of naval architecture and engineering,
and of the arts of ship and marine engine-
building, by American citizens : which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
henry snowden.
Mr, PLATT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2482) for the relief of Henry Snowden ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
repeal of income tax.
Mr. MOREY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2483) to repeal the tax on incomes; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
relief of internal commerce.
Mr. UPSON introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 400) to further relieve the internal
commerce of the United States from certain
duties; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
relatives of deceased soldiers.
Mr. BEATTY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2484) to extend the provisions of the twenty-
fifth section of the act making appropriations
for the support of the Army, &c., approved
July 15, 1870, to the relatives,of deceased offi-
cers and soldiers, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
rights of citizens.
Mr. LAWRENCE introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 401) to correct a mistake in
section twenty of an act to enforce the rights
of citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States of this Union, and for other pur-
poses, approved May 31, 1870 ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
improvement of falls of the ohio.
Mr. STEVENSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2485) making an appropriation for the
improvement of the falls of the Ohio river and
the Louisville and Portland canal; which  as
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
ocean mail lines.
Mr. SCHENCK introduced a bili (H. R
No. 2486) to establish ocean steamship lines
for the transportation of the mails between the
| United States and Europe, and for other pur-
: poses; which was read a first and second time,
! referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
! ordered to be printed.
! tax on merchandise.
Mr. MUNGEN introduced a joint resolution
i (H. R. No. 402) relative to the ten per cent.
| additional tax imposed by the act of July 13,
i 1870. on merchandise, &c. ; which was read a
j first and second time, referred to the Com-
i mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
I printed.
! purchase of persons as chattels.
; Mr. MUNGEN also introduced a jointreso-
; lution (H. R. No. 403) in regard to the pur-
1 chase of persons as chattels, whether under
I the name of territorial purchase or otherwise ;
! which was read a first and second time, referred
! to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, aud
' ordered to be printed.
I
j revolutionary claims.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2487) to provide for the settlement
of the claims of the officers and soldiers of the
revolutionary army, and the widows and chil-
dren of those who died in the service; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and
j ordered to be printed.
: national cemetery at knoxville.
; Mr. MAYNARD introduced a joint reso-
j lution (H. R. No. 404) appropriating old and
i condemned cannon to the national cemetery
| at Knoxville, Tennessee; which was read a
i first and second time, and referred to the Com-
I mittee on Military Affairs,
j william robinson.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 2488) to relieve William Rob-
inson, of Tennessee, from all political disabil-
ities ; which was read a first and second time,
I and referred to the select Committee on Recon-
| struction.
i 'private land claims in new mexico.
Mr. ORTH introduced a joint resolution
I (H. R. No. 405) authorizing patents to be issued
i on certain confirmed land claims in New Mex-
j ico; which was read a first and second time,
j and referred to the Committee on Private Land
j Claims.
i relief 0  towns and cities.
| Mr. JULIAN introduced a joint resolution
[ (H. R. No. 406) explanatory of and additional
| to an actapproved March 2,1867, for the relief
| of the inhabitants of cities and towns upon
i public lands, approved June 8, 1868; which
! was read a first and second time, and referred
j to the Committee on the Public Lands.
| territorial penitentiaries.
Mr. CULLOM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2489) in relation to certain territorial peniten-
tiaries ; which was read a first and second time,
r referred to the Committee on the Territories,
i and ordered to be printed.
i lands in illinois.
| Mr. HAY introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2490)
| to amend an act entitled "An act to confirm
i title to certain lands in llliuois which was
| read a first and second time, and referred to
I the Committee on the Public Lands.
