1871.
THE COKGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
quested,) that, in obedience to that Christian
charity which seeks the good of all nations,
and ministers to all human distresses, we
heartily commend the sufferings of the bel-
ligerent nations in Europe to the American
people, and recommend that a generous sys-
tem of organized charity, seeking out and pro-
viding first for the most pressing necessities,
be speedily inaugurated for their relief.
The message further announced* that the
President of the United States had notified the
Senate that he had approved and signed a joint
resolution of the following title:
A joint resolution CS. it. No. 246) granting
the right of way to the Pensacola and Barran-
cas Kailroad Company through the naval and
military reservations near Pensacola, Florida.
CRIERS IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. PETERS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back the bill (H. R. No.
2728) regulating the compensation of criers in
the United States courts, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
The bill provides that criers in- the United
States courts shall be entitled to and receive
the same compensation for travel and attend-
ance which jurors in the State courts are enti-
tled to.
Mr. PETERS. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF ACTIONS.
Mr. PETERS, from the same committee,
reported back the bill (II. R. No. 2727) regu-
lating the removal of actions from the State to
the United States courts, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that no
action shall be removed from the jurisdiction
of any State court to the jurisdiction of any
court of the United States upon the petition
of any defendant, unless such petition and
proceedings thereupon shall be made in such
State court during the term of said court in
which said action is entered; and all acts and
parts of acts relating to the removal of actions
are hereby so modified as not to be inconsist-
ent herewith ; but this act shall not be con-
strued to apply to any action against any per-
son for any act done by such person as an
officer of the United States, civil or military.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Maine a question. There are some terms
of the court lasting not more than a few hours;
and I should like to know whether such terms
are provided for in this bill.
Mr. PETERS. T think such terms must be
rare,
Mr. HOAR. They are not rare. Does this
bill give time enough?
Mr. PETERS. In the gentleman's State
fourteen days' notice is necessary if the defend-
ant wishes to remove a case; and if fourteen
days is not enough, I do not know what is.
Mr, JENCKES. I hope the gentleman from
Maine will explain the object of this bill.
M i\ PETERS. I will explain it very briefly.
Under the old judiciary act no .ease could be
removed from a State to a United States court
uuless the petition was filed at a particular
time. During and after the rebellion there
were a great many eases in the South in the
State courts which they wished to get under
the jurisdiction of the United States, but they
■were too late; and we have passed one or two
acts of a very different character, giving them
utitil final judgment to ask lor a removal houi
one jurisdiction to another. How does that
operate? A defendant in a court in the State
of Maine gets a delay of three or four years,
and when he comes to trial he looks over the
jury and he says, " I do not like the selection ;
I want more time." And then he asks forthe
removal of the cause to the United States
court3. We put parties under two jurisdic-
tions, and they have the delays of two courts.
I know of fifty cases which have been on the
dockets of State courts for four or five yeara,
and which are now going into the United
States courts to remain as long there. I move
the previous.question.
Mr. JENCKES. Before the gentleman
moves the previous question I wish to say a
word. Under the law of 1789 a party who
had the right to remove his cause into the
courts of the United States, and wishe'd so to
do, was bound to file his application or peti-
tion for that purpose, and his bond, at the
time of entering his application.
Mr. PETERS. Let me ask the gentleman
a question. If the party did not enter the case
at the first term, would there not be judgment
against him?
Mr. JENCKES. Notatall. He has to enter
in the district court of the United States on the
first day of the next term ; and if the cause is
not so entered it is remanded to the State
court and proceeds in the State court. I pro-
tost against any alteration of that law. With
reference to the alteration of subsequent stat-
utes, I agree that there should be some more
stringent provision, so that a party should not
be compelled to fight his cause through both
the State courts and the courts of the United
States.
Mr. PETERS. This only restricts and modi- j
lies the acts subsequent to the original act.
Mr. JENCKES. I should like to hear the
bill read again.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to say that I sympa-
thize entirely with the committee in the pur-
pose they have in view. But I am sure a sim-
ple suggestion will satisfy the gentleman who
has reported the bill that it is desirable to
make a slight alteration in its terms. In my
State the judgments are not entered at the
first term. There is a provisioh 
Mr. PETERS. If the gentleman will allow
me to interrupt him I will state, in order to
save time, that I will withdraw the bill, and
will endeavor to introduce it to-morrow in
perhaps a more satisfactory form.
The bill was accordingly withdrawn.
DISCHARGE OF POOR CONVICTS.
Mr. PETERS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back,with the recommend-
ation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1909)
in regard to the discharge of poor convicts.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that when a
poor convict, sentenced by any court of the
United States to be imprisoned and pay a fine,
or fine and cost, or to pay a fine, or fine and
cost, has been confined in prison thirty days,
solely for the non-payment of such fine, or fine
and cost, such convict may make application
in writing to any commissioner of the United
States court in the district where he is impris-
oned, setting forth his inability to pay such
fine, or fine and cost, and after notice to the
district attorney of the United States, who may
appear, offer evidence, and be heard, the com-
missioner shall proceed to hear* and determine
the matter; and if on examination it shall ap-
pear to him that such convict is unable to pay
such tine, or fine and cost, and that he has not
any property exceeding twenty dollars in value,
except such as is by law exempt from being
taken on execution for debt, the commissioner
shall administer to him the following oath:
"I do solemnly swear that I have not any
property, real or personal, to the amount of
twenty dollars, except such as is by law ex-
empt from being taken on civil precept for I
debt by the laws of the State of [State where
oath is administered,] and that I have no prop-
erty in any way conveyed or concealed, or iu
any way disposed of, for my future use or ben-
efit: so help me God." And thereupon such
convict shall be discharged, the commissioner
giving to the jailer or keeper of the jail a cer-
tificate setting forth the facts. The second
section provides that if at any time after sacli
discharge of such convict it shall be made to
appear that in taking the aforesaid oath he
swore falsely he may be indicted, convicted,
and punished for perjury. The third section
provides that the fees of the commissioner for
the examination and certificate provided for
in the first section of this act shall be five dol-
lars per day for every day that he shall be
engaged in such examination.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I would inquire of llie
gentleman who has reported this bill whether
he proposes that this discharge of the convict
shall take effect without any action whatever
on the part of the court which committed him?
Mr. PETERS. I will state to the gentle-
man that this bill proposes to adopt the prac-
tice which I understand is iu operation in per-
haps every State of the Union, that when a
man is imprisoned merely for the non-pay-
ment of a fine, he may, after a certain pe-
riod of confinement, take steps with a view to
securing a discharge; and that ifhe swears he
has nothing he may be allowed to take the poor
debtor's oath, and be released after thirty days.
Otherwise there is a perpetual imprisonment,
or it will be necessary, in the most minor mat-
ters, to resort to the President of the United
States for tfee exercise of the pardoning power.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Would it not be better
to require an order of the court? Why intrust
this power to a commissioner rather than to
the judge?
Mr. PETERS. This is a well-guarded bill,
which has already passed the Senate. I yield
for a moment to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. In the State of New York,
and, so far as I know, in other States also,
courts have a discretionary power to punish
certain crimes by fine, or imprisonment, or by
fine and imprisonment. Now, if a man has
been convicted of a crime, and is subjected to
a fine say of $10,000, that, in the judgment
of the court, is the punishment to which he is
subjected; audi do not see why, at the end
of thirty days, he should be discharged, merely
because he has no means with which to pay
the fine.
Mr. PETERS. Well, supposing he has no
money, will you keep him there forever?
Mr. POTTER. That ought to be left to the
discretion of the pardoning power.
Mr. PETERS. The judge has no discre-
tion, and you have to come here to the Presi-
dent of the United States and get him released
under the pardoning power; but-if this bill ia
passed, the court, instead of inflicting fines,
will inflict imprisonment.
Mr. POTTER. But this applies to past
cases as well as future cases.
Mr. PETERS. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The question was put upon seconding tho
previous question; and there were—ayes 46,
noes -17 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered, and Mr. Peters and
Mr. Potter were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 75, noes 50.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered ; and
tinder the operation thereofthe bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time.
The question being on the passage of thebill,
it was put; and there were—ayes 81, noes 47.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and al.= o moved
