66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
saehn setts offers it under the call of the States
for bills-and resolutions.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Itis before
the House regularly.
Mr. MAYNARD. Under the call for bills
and resolutions for reference, not to be brought
back by a motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. That call has been ex-
hausted, and the call is now for bills and reso-
lutions for action.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Was not a bill like
this passed at the last session 1
The SPEAKER. That is in the nature of
debate, and the Chair cannot entertain the
question. ■
Mr. FARNSWORTEI. I move that the bill
be referred to the Committee ou the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
pending the demand for the previous question.
The llousedivided; andtherewere—ayes45,
noes 55; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Butler, of Massa-
chusetts, and Mr. Garfield, of Ohio.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 82, noes 53.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read I he third time.
Mr. MA\'NARD demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. COX. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts whether this is an
absolute repeal of all the civil tenure acts?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is.
The SPEAKER. Nothing in the nature of
debate can be allowed under this call.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 150, nays 25, not voting
51; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Armstrong', Asper, At-
wood, Axteil, Ayor, Bailey, B.mkfl, Barry, Bentnan,
Bock. Bingham, Bird, Blair, Bolos, Bowon, Boyd,
George M. Brooks, Jaine4! Brooks. Buckley, Buftin-
ton, liurehaid, Bnrdolt, Burr, Benjamin I1. Butler,
Rodcnek It. Butter, Calkin, Churchill, William T.
Clark, Sidney Clarko, Amasa Cobb,Clinton L. Cobb,
Conger, Cook, Cowles, Cox. Crobs. Cullom, Ban-all,
Dawes, Dickinson, Joseph Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon.
Dockery, Donley, Dox, Duke, Duval, Eldridge, Fer-
ry, Fishor. Fitch, Fox.Gaifield, Uetz, Gibson, Gillil-
lan, Haldonnin, Hale, Hamill, Hamilton, Harris,
Hawkins, Hay, llefhn, Eoar, Holmes, Hooper, Inger-
Boll, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Julian, ICelley, Kellogg, Itclsey, Ketcham, ICnapp,
Knott, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Manning,
Mayhum, MeCormick, MoCiary, Mo Grew, McKee,
MeKeny.ie, McNeely. Jesse II. Moore. William
Moore, Morey, Morgan, Morphis, Daniel J.Morrell,
Samuel 1\ Morrill, Morrissoy, Mungcn, Myers. Neg-
loy, Niblack,O'Neill, Ortli, Packard, Packer, Paino,
Puluior, Peek, Peters, Piatt.Pomcroy, Porter, Potior,
Prosser, Beeves, Ktco, Hoots, Sargent, Sawyer, Sco-
ficld, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Shober,
Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph 8. Smith. William
J. Smith, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes,
Srono, Strickland, Strong, Swann, Syoher, Tanner,
Taylor, Townsend, Trimble, Twichell, Tynor, Upson,
Van Horn, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wallace,Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Wiilinm B. Washburn, Welker,
Wells, Williams, Kugene M. W ilson, John T.Wilson,
Winchester. Witehor. Wolf, and Wood—1
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Arnell.Boiitty. Benjamin,
Benton. Coburn, Degener, Farnsworth, Forriss, Fin-
kelnburs, Tlawley, Jenckes, Laflin,Lynch, Maynard,
Mereur. Bliakim II. Moore, Poland. Shanks, Worth-
ington C. Smith,Stevens, ijtoughtoo, Taffe, Tillman,
and "'lllnrrt—25.
NOT V0 PXiNG — Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Barnum,Bennett. Bices,Booker,Buck, Cake,Cessna.
Cleveland, Conner, Covode, Dickey, Oyer, Bla, Gris-
wold, Haig'ht. Hambleton, Hays.IIitl.Hoge, Holman,
llotchkiss, Judd, Kerr, Lash. Lewis, Marshall, Mc-
Caithy, Millies, Newslmin. Perec, Phelps, Kainey,
Randall, Rogers, Sanl'ord. Schenelt, Sehumnker,
bherrnd. Str.ider, Sweeney, Van Auken, Van Wyck.
Waid. Wheeler, Wliiunoro, Wilkinson, Winans.and
Woodward—ol.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ACQUISITION OF SAN DOMINGO.
_ Mr. I3ANKS. I desire to introduce, for con-
sideration at the present time, a joint resolu-
tion authorizing the President to appoint a com-
mission for the acquisition of San Domingo.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Be it resolved by the Senate and Houee of Represent-
atives, &c.. That the President be, and hereby is,
authorized to appoint a commission, consisting of
five members, to negotiate a treaty with the author-
ities of San Domingo for the acquisition of theterri-
tory of that Government, and to ascertain and report
such information as a full and complete examina-
tion of thesubject may enable them to present; and
that the report of the said commission shall be con-
sidered a privileged report and in order whenever it
shall be presented by the said commission.
Mr. BANKS. If there be any objection
to the passage of that resolution I shall ask
that it go over until next Monday. I wish to
debate it.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] had better withdraw
the joint resolution. If it is-not wiihdrawn
he will hardly reach it on Monday next for
debate uuder the rules. Tho gentleman can
consider this as a notice, and oli'er the joint
resolution again next Monday.
Mr. BANKS. Very well; I withdraw it.
PAY OF LOUISIANA MBMBKKS.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and demand 011 it the previous question :
Ilexolved, ThattheSergeant-at-Armsbc directed to
pay Hon. J. Hale Sypjier, and Hon. Frank Moeey,
Representatives from the State ot Louisiana, their
salaries and mileage from tho beginning of this Con-
gress, whenever they shall refund to the contingent
iund of tho House tho amount paid to them respect-
ively as contestants under tho resolution of the Ilouse
of June 2,1870, which amountso refunded the Clerk
of tho Itouso is hereby directed to deposit in the
Treasury of the United States to the credit of the
contingent fund of the House of Representatives.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Ihope, Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. DAWES. I would like the indulgence
of the House for a moment to state the nature
of this case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot allow
resolutions under this call to be debated. To
do so would be against the uniform practice of
the House.
Mr. DAWES. I only wish to say that the
adoption of this resolution will save 57,000.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; which was on agreeing
to the resolution.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays 011 the passage of the resolution.
Tho yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
acquisition of san domingo.
Mr. BANKS. At the suggestion of several
members, 1 again offer the res«lution which I
withdrew a few moments ago.
The joint resolution (H. K No. 413) author-
izing the President to appoint a commission
in regard to San Domingo was introduced and
read a lirst and second time.
The question was on ordering the joint reso-
lution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution was again read, as fol-
lows :
Be it resolved by the Senate and Tiowte of Represent*
olive*. c£-c.. That the President be, and hereby is,
authorized to appoint aoomtnission consisting ot fivo
persons to negotiatea treaty with the authorities of
San Domingo for the acquisition of the territory of
that Government, with instructions to report such
information as a full and complete investigation of
all tho various questions connected with the subject
may enable them to present to the two Houses et
Congress ; and that the report ot said commission
shall be considered a privileged report, and in order
whenever it shall be presented by the said commis-
sion.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry, wKether that portion of the
joint resolution changing the rule and making
this a privileged report does not require unani-
mous consent?
Mr. BANKS. I will modify the joint reso-
lution by withdrawing that portion of it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would have
sustained the point of order. What cannot be
done directly under the rule cannot be done
indirectly.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes 58, noes 79.
Mr. BANKS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Banks and
Mr. Wood were appointed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] not agree
to have the joint resolution referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs? I think no
one will object, to that.
Mr. BANKS. I would agree to that with
the greatest pleasure, were itnot that the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs will not be called for
several weeks. A reference of the joint reso-
lution to the committee would be equivalent
to its defeat.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 60, noes 82.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. COX. I move that the joint resolution
lie 011 the table ; and on that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. FARNSVVORTH. I rise to debate the
joint resolution. •
The SPEAKER. Had any gentleman risen
in time to debate the joint resolution it would
have gone over. But thegentleman from New
York, in moving to lay it 011 the table, exer-
cised his parliamentary right.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 06, nays 117. not voting
52 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ash or, Ax tell. Beatty,
Beck,Bird,Booker, GeorgeM. Brooks. JamesBrooks,
Burr, Coburn, Cowles. Cox, Crebs, D.irrall, Dickin-
son, Dox.Duke. Eldtidge, Farusworth, Finkelnburg,
Fisher, Fox, Getz,, Gibson, Griswold, llnldemau,
Hale, Hamill, Hawkins, Hoar, Holmes, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Knott, Manning, Maybam, Me-
Cormick, McNeely, Morey, Morgan, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Morrissey, Miingen, Niblack, Peters, Poland,
Reeves, JRice Sherrod, Shober, Sloeuili, Joseph S.
Smith, Stiles.Stone, Swann, Taffe, Townsend. Trim-
ble, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells. Willard.Eugene
M. Wilson. Winchester, and Wood—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Arnell, At-
wood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry, iieaman. Benja-
 ,Be~'-~   "■ , .
SidneyClarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook,
Culloui, Dawes, Degerier, Joseph Dixon, Nathan P.
Dixon, Dockery. Donley, Duval, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fitch. Garfield, Gil fillan, Hamilton, Harris. Ilawley,
Hay, Heflin, Hooper, Jenekes, Alexander II. Jones,
Julian. Kelley, Kellogg, ICelsey, Ketcham, Knnpp,
Lallin, Lawrence, Logan, Loughiidge, Lynch, May-
nard. MeCrary, McGrew, McKee, McKenaio. Mer-
eur, Eliakim n. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William
Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Mvers. Negley.
O'Neill,Urth. Packard,Paine, Palmer, Peck, Phelps,
Phi tt, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Rainey, Roots, San-
ford, Sargent. Sawyer, Seotield, Shanks, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Porter Sheldo.i, John A. Smith, Willinm
J. Smith,Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland,
Strong, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Twichell, Tvner,
Upson, Van Horn, Wallace, Uadivalader 0. "Wash-
burn, William P . Washburn, Welkei, Williams,
John T. Wilson, Witcher, and Wolf—117.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Bainum, Bennett, Biggs, Bowen, Buck, Cake, Cal-
kin. Cessna, Cleveland. Conger, Conner, Covode,
Dickey. Dyer, XOia. Haig'nt, Hamblcton, Hays. Hill,
Iloge, Holman. Hotehkiss. iugersoll, Jmid, Kerr,
Lash, Lewis, Mnr-hiill, McCarthy, Milnes, New-
sham, Packer, Perce, Potter, Randall, Rogers,
Schenck, Schumaker, Strader, Sweeney, Sypher,
Aukeii, \ an Wyck, Ward, Wheeler. Whitmore,
Wilkinson, Winans, and Woodward—52.
So the House refused to lay the juiut resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. PEl'ERS. I rise to debatethe resolution.
Mr. BANKS. I would ask unanimous con-
sent that the resolution bereietredto the Com-
mittee 011 Foreign Affairs, with liberty to report
at any time. I trust there will be no objection
to that.
