892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. MERCUR, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with amendments,
the bill (H. R. No. 2514) to amend an act enti-
tled '"An act to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United Suites."
The bill was read, as follows :
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of ike United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That line five, scctiont twenty-nine, of the act
approved March2,1867, entitled "An act to estab-
lish a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States," be amended by striking out the
words "one year" and inserting in lieu thereof
"five years."
S/iO. 2. And be it further enacted. That hereafter it
shall be the duty of the Attorney General of the
United States to nominate and'recemmeud the ap-
pointment of all registers in bankruptcy in the sev-
eral districtcourts of the United States; andsomuch
of section three of the act to which this is a supple-
ment as gives the nomination and recommendation
thereof to the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
ofthe United States is hereby repealed.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was in section one,
line seven, to strike out "five" and insert in
lieu thereof the word "two."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was to strike out sec-
tion two and insert in lieu thereof the follow-
ing :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That hereafter it
shall be the duty of the several circuit courts of the
United States to appoint all registers in bankruptcy
in the several districts within their respective cir-
cuits; and so much of section three of said act as is
in conflict therewith is hereby repealed.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That no prom-
ise hereafter made shall revive any indebtedness
from which the debtor shall have boon discharged,
under and by virtue of said act, unless such promise
shall be in writing, signed by the person to be
charged, or by some person by him duly authorised.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the first
proviso in section fourteen of said aet be amended
by striking out " not exceeding- that allowed by such
State exemption laws in force in the year 1864," and
insert in lieu thereof " equal to that allowed by such
State exemption laws, and to be designated as pro-
vided by existing laws, but not to exceed the sum
ofSl.OOO:" Provided, hoicever, That this section shall
apply only to ca3es hereafter arising.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
snid act contained shall be construed to pass to the
assignee any inchoate right of dower of the widow
of the bankrupt, or other estate in lieu thereof,
otherwise than according to the laws of the several
Slates in which the property is situate.
SkC. 6. And be it further enacted. That it is the
true intent and meaning of the several provisions
of said act, in relation to a certificate of discharge
and the impeachment thereof, that such certificate
of discharge can be impeached in a United States
court only.
Mr. MERCUR. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Rhode Island [Mr. Jexckes] to offer
an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend the last
section of the proposed amendment by striking
out the words " in a court of the United States
only" and inserting in lieu thereof "in the
court of the United States which granted the
same." That, as I understand it, is the pres-
ent law, and this amendment will simply
declare that rule.
Mr. MERCUR. There is no objection to
the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid-on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS OF VIRGINIA.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the same committee,
reported back, vrith au amendment, Senate bill
P98, to ..divide the State of Virginia into
two'judicial districts.
The amendment was to strike out the last
section, in relation to the census of 1870, and
to insert a section providing that this act shall
not affect the completion of the census of the
State of Virginia for the year 1870, and shall
not affect existing laws or existing officers
except as herein' modified and provided.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPEALS FROM THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with an amendment,
House bill No. 1385, to allow an appeal from
the Court of Claims to the Supreme Court in
certain cases.
The bill, which was read,provides that sec-
tion five of the act to establish a court for the
investigation of claims against the United
States shall be so construed as to extend to
claimants the same right of appeal to the
Supreme Court as is therein given to the
United States.
The amendment was to add to the bill "in
all cases where the cousent of the court is
given for such appeal."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE moved to reconsider
the.vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORT GRATIOT MILITARY RESERVATION.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2923) in
relation to the Fort Gratiot military reserva-
tion, in the State of Michigan.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
exclusive jurisdiction of the United States over
so much of the Fort Gratiot military reserva-
tion in the State of Michigan as under the act
of Congress has been ordered to be sold shall
be relinquished to the State of Michigan from
and after the date of the consent of the.Legis-
latnre of Michigan to the terms of this act,
and said portion of such reservation shall be
a part of the State of Michigan and within the
jurisdiction of said State.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECORDS OF COURTS.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with an amendment,
Senate bill No. 141, relating to the records of
the courts of the United States.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that whenever the record of any judg-
ment, or decree, or other proceeding of any
judicial court of the United States, shall have
been or shall hereafter be lost or destroyed,
any party or person interested therein may,
on application to such court, or on showing to
the satisfaction of such court that the same
has been lost or destroyed without fault or
knowledge of the party or person making such
application, obtain an order from such court
authorizing such defect to be supplied by a cer-
tified copy of such original record, where the
same can be obtained, which certified copy
shall thereafter have the same effect in all re-
spects as such original record would have had.
The second section provides that when such
defect cannot be supplied by means of a copy
of the original record, and any party or per-
son interested therein may make a written ap-
plication showing that fact, and that the loss
of such record will or may result in damage to
the party making such application, said court
shall cause snch application to be entered of
record in said court, and due notice thereof
shall be given by personal services of a copy
thereof upon each and every person interested
therein, other than the party or person mak-
ing such application, together with written
notice that on a day certain, not less than
sixty days after such service, said application
will be heard by said csurt; and if upon such
hearing said court shall be satisfied that the
statements contained in said application are
true, said court shall make an order reciting
what was the substance and effect of said lost
or destroyed record; to have the same effect,
subject to intervening rights, which said ori-
ginal record would have had if the same had
not been lost or destroyed, so far as concerns
the party or" person making such application,
and the person or persons who shall have been
personally served asprovided for in this section.
The third section provides that in all causes
which have been removed, or which shall here-
after be removed, to the Supreme Court of the
United States, a duly certified copy of the record
of such cause remaining in the Supreme Court
may be filed in.the court from which said cause
was removed, on motion of any party or per-
son claiming to be interested therein ; and the
copy so tiled shall have the same effect as the
original record would have had if the same
had not been lost or destroyed.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to strike out the last section.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] allow me to make
a single suggestion? So far as I could under-
stand the first section from its reading, I do
not see that it provides how the copies shall
be certified. It provides that a certified copy
may be substituted by order, of the court for
the record which has been lost.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman will rec-
ollect that the existing law provides for cer-
tified copies; and hence the certified copy pro-
vided for in this bill must be construed to be
the one already provided for by law. The
other section provides for the supplying of
records where there is no certified copy.
Mr. MAYNARD. If this were a House bill,
I would suggest an amendment, to insert the
words, " certified as now provided by law."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We do not think that is
necessary. The section is perfectly clear as it
stands.
Mr. MAYNARD. Very well.
The amendment of the committee was then
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMPETENCY OF WITNESSES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, reported
back from the Committee on the Judiciary a
bill (H. R. No. 355) allowing parties in certain
cases to testify.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
laws of the several States for the time being
wherein United States courts are held, except
where the Constitution and treaties of the
United States shall otherwise provide, shall
govern as to the competency of witnesses in
all criminal trials in such courts.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
