1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to debate the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and it does not require that debate.
shall arise to carry the resolution over. But the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
asks the indulgence of the House to make some
arrangement iu regard to the resolution. He
asks its reference to his committee, with leave
to report it back at any time.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will withdraw the latter part of his
request I will not object.
Mr. BANKS. No, I cannot withdraw it;
and I hope the gentleman from New York
will not object to it. I will modify the reso-
lution so as to insert the words "to consider
the expediency of negotiations."
Mr. COX. I object to conferring upon the
committee the right to report this resolution
at any time. It is evident that the House is
opposed to the resolution.
Mr. BANKS. If there be objection, I move
to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman gives no-
tice of his intention to modify his resolution
so as to make it a resolution to inquire into the
expediency, &c., and thus modified he asks
that it be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, with leave to report at any time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If he will leafe off the
latter part of his request there will be no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. WOOD. Let me remind the gentleman
that his committee will be called for reports
very soon.
Mr. BANKS. Oh, no; there are thirteen
committees to be called for reports before the
Committee on Foreign Affairs will be reached.
It would therefore be equivalent to sending
this matter over to the 1st of February. 1 hope
the gentleman from New York will not object.
Mr. WOOD. Other gentlemen object.
Mr. BANKS. Well, I appeal to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. There has been no debate upon
the resolution, and the House has been very
indulgent to the gentleman in regard to it; but
it is very evident that the majority of the House
is opposed to the resolution.
Mr. BANKS. There will be full opportunity
for debate when the resolution shall be reported
from the committee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to mod-
ify his motion so that the committee shall be
authorized to report after five days' notice to
the House, in order that the subject may not
be sprung suddenly upon the House.
Mr. BANKS. Very well; I accept the sug-
gestion, and modify my motion accordingly.
The motion to refer, as modified, was agreed
to by unanimous consent.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was referred ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
holiday uecess.
Mr. DAWES submitted the following reso-
lution, upon which he called the previous ques-
tion :
lle-olved, (tho Senate concurring,) That when the
two Houses adjourn on Thursday, the 2J(l instant,
they adjourn to meet again on Wednesday, the 1th
day of January next, at twelve o'eloek noon.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
expenditure op indian appropriations.
Mr. SARGENT. I offer for consideration
at this time the resolution which I send to the
Clerk's desk.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved, That the Committee oil Appropriations
be directed to inquire and report to this House what
effect, if any, has been given to the following pro-
vision of the act "making appropriations lor the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June 30.
1871, and for other purposes/' namely: " It shall be
the duty of said board of Indian commissioners to
supervise ail expenditures ofmoney appropriated for
the benefit of Indians in the United States, and to
inspect all goods purchased for said Indians in con-
nection with the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
whose duty it shall be to consult said commission
in making purchases of such goods." Also, to what
amount moneys have been expended on goods pur-
chased in disregard thereof; also, whether the con-
tracts for the purchase of flour or beef cattle for
the Indian tribes on the Missouri river have been
corruptly or jmprovidently made, or for greater
quantities than required by the service; also, to in-
vestigate the charges of fraud and improvidence
against the Indian sevvice made in tho report of
William Welch, esq., to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior; also, whether any portion of the sum of ~?90,000
appropriated in said act fur the Quapnw Indians
hus been paid to other parties or diverted from its
intended use; and that they have power to report at
any time and send for persons and papers.
No objection being made, the resolution was
received.
The question was upon the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. SARGENT. This resolution, as will be
seen, relates to a very important matter. There
are serious allegations that very great careless-
ness has existed in certain expenditures of the
Indian department, or that frauds have been
committed in connection therewith. I desire
that the matter shall be fully investigated, and
that, I have no doubt, is the wish of the ma-
jority on this floor. I say. farther, that it is
the desire of the Executive that this matter
shall be probed to the bottom, and when it was
first brought to his attention he required the
Secretary of the Interior to take steps to invest-
igate or to facilitate the investigation of these
charges. He will furnish every aid to make
the investigation thorough. I hope, perhaps
I may say that I believe, it will be found on full
investigation that no officer of the Government
has been guilty of fraud. But whether so or
not, I desire that the investigation shall be
impartial.
Mr. TAFFE. I would ask tho gentleman
to enlarge the resolution so as to include the
Indians of other portions of the country than
the Missouri river. I hope the gentleman will
have no objection to that.
Mr. SAliGENT. I will modify my resolu-
tion so that it will read " the Indian tribes on
the Missouri river or elsewhere." I now call
the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sauoest]
whether this resolution comes from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations and has their ap-
proval?
Sir. SARGENT. It has the sanction of
members of that committee. The whole sub-
ject of Indian afifairs has been referred to me,
as a sub-committee, by the Committee on Ap-
propriations. I was busy this morning in
examining this subject, and did not get to the
committee-room until late, after the commit-
tee had adjourned. I, however, saw individual
members of the committee, who have given the
resolution their approval.
Mr. MAYNAliD. That is the foundation
of another question, which is this : whether he
thinks the committee will have time, in addi-
tion to its other necessary duties, to make such
an investigation as ought to be made into this
matter?
Mr. SARGENT. I have no doubt the com-
mittee will have time to do it, and I think I
can pledge that the committee will make the
investigation a thorough one.
Mr. KELSEY. I hope the gentleman from
California [Mr. Saeqent] will modify his reso-
lution so as to send this inquiry to a special
committee. I think the Committee 011 Appro-
priations have quite as much as they can do at
present.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have no objection to
this matter going to that committee, if we can
have assurance that the investigation will be
thoroughly made.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under tho opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
admiral and vick admiral.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask consent to introduce a
bill to abolish the offices of Admiral and Vice
Admiral in the Navy.
The bill was read. It provides that the office
of Admiral of the Navy be abolished, there
being now a vacancy in that office, and all laws
and parts of laws creating the office are to be
hencefoit.il held to be repealed. The bill, in
its second section, provides that the office of
Vice Admiral in the Navy shall continue until
a vacancy shall occur in the same, and no longer ;
and when such vacancy shall occur in such office,
immediately thereupon all laws and parts of
laws creating such ollice are to become inop-
erative, and, by virtue of the act, thencefor-
ward to be held to be repealed.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction of this bill ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 object, unless the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] will allow it
to go to a committee.
Mr, LOGAN. I move to suspend tlie rules.
Mr. MAYNARD. Iaskthegentlema.il from
Illinois whether, if the rules be suspended, lie
will allow an amendment to be proposed to
the second section, to include the General and
Lieutenant General of the Army, so as to place
the Army and Navy on the same looting.
Mr. LOGAN. This is the law now in rela-
tion to the General and Lieutenant General of
the Army. That is exactly the reason I offer
this bill. A provision, word for word the same,
in reference to those officers is already the
law.
Mr. SCOFIELD. But the law in reference
to the Army passed after there had been one
promotion. I do not think it is becoming on
the part of tho House to be in haste just at
this time to pass this bill. It ought to go to
the appropriate committee, like other bills, and
there receive consideration. I do not always
want to be kicking a man just when he happens
to be down.
The SPEAKER. The question is 011 the
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, after what has
been said I desire to make a single remark. I
offer this bill without meaning any discourtesy
toward the committee of which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Suofield] is chair-
man. Nor do I offer it for the purpose of
inflicting a wrong upon any individual. I have
no personal feeling 111 the matter. I offered a
bill containing a provision of a similar cburao-
ter in reference to the Aimy, which bill was
passed. I at that time suggested to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs the propriety of pie-
paring a bill of this character with reference to
the Navy. The committee have not done so.
I tiied to have the pay of the Army and of the
Navy equalized. I did it for the good of both
branches of the service; not that I have any
feeling in the matter.
I care nothing about the present Vice Ad-
miral, nothing about his quarrels. I have
110 concern in them. I offer this bill, without
any refeienco to him at all, because there is a
vacancy now existing in the office of Admirai,
and now is the time to puss the bili, before tho
vacancy is filled. If the House would indulge
me for a few moments I could state many rea-
sons why not only these offices but many otheis
should be abolished. To-day, with eight thou-
sand men iu the Navy, we have one hundred
and sixteen officers with ranks corresponding
to those of General, Lieutenant General, major
