894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Mr, CONKLING. I present the proceed-
ings of the homeopathic medical societies of
the counties of Yates and Ontario, New York,
touching action which they think should be
taken in reference to the recognition and em-
ployment of surgeons and physicians' believ-
ing in homeopaihv as a school of medicine.
I move their reference to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also the pro-
ceedings of the medical society of homeo-
pathists in Madison county, New York, toach-
lng the propriety of recognizing as examiners
of those applying for pensions surgeons who
believe in homeopathy, and not restricting the
selection to surgeons who believe in allopathy
ulone. I move that these proceedings be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I desire unanimous con-
sent to take up a little bill, a mining bill. I
will state to the Senate that, it takes nothing
from the Treasury, it simply defines the rights
of miners a little more accurately iu harmony
with our former legislation, and I only want a
few minutes to pass it.
The VfCE PIIE3IDENT. The morning
business has just commenced, and the Senator
from Nevada asks unanimous consent that the
Senate proceed to the consideration-of a bill.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I prefer to continue
the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Sen-
ators have risen with morning business, which
is iu the nature of an objection to the motion
of the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented the petition of
Brevet Brigadier General Benjamin S. Rob-
erts. United States Army, praying that he may
be protected in his rights as patentee of a
mode of changing muzzle-loading fire-arms
into breech-loading fire arms, infringed upon
by the War Department; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN. I present the petition of
nearly a thousand citizens of Iowa, residing on
lands embraced within the limits of the grant
for the improvement of the Des Moines river.
It is not a long petition, and as it relates to a
matter of very great interest to these petition-
ers, 1 should very much like to have it read at
length, printed, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the petition will btf read.
file Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the Honoruble ihe Senator# and liepresentatives of
the United States in Congress assembled :
We, citizens of the Des Moines valley, Iowa, in
the assertion ot our rights, present ourselves before
yon, itnti lespectfuliy ask your attention to our case,
lo protect in our lights and preserve to us our
homes on the odd sections of land in the valley;
homes made in good faith, with immense toil and
great privations, uuder the protection of the Gov-
ernment through its local agents. After years of
patient labor, duriog which wo felt confident we
were making lor ourselves permanent homes by the
autiioiity oi the United Scates, we found ourselves,
by a recent decision of tho Supreme Court at Wash-
ington, stripped of all those rights that we looked
upon as securely guarantied by the Government,
J'oiced to resign our homes into the hands of heart-
leas speculators, and seek (a good many of us) in the
end of our day new homes, involving a repetition
oi the same toils and privations, with which we are
physically uuablo to cope.
Ttie decision ex the Supreme Court (December
term, l&>9j decreed those lands were the property of
the Gonoial Government, and therefore open to pre-
emption, (witness act of March, 1853, extending the
right of preemption on all reserves.) Inl86lOon-
ess granted a portion of those lands to the State
ot iowa, to adjust an erroneous conveyance said
M.ue made ro the Des Moines Navigation Company,
>in.l in 1SG2 Cougivss granted the remainder to said
Si.ue ot Iowa, reserving settlers' rights, (witness act
->t Ci>tigr< ss ot J uiy 12, ISoJ ;) and now the terms and
>puu ot tn.it act are rendered null and void by the
) (-cent u< <-iMuii of the Supreme Court in the case ot
W. 1). Wcilus v*. Hannah lliley. and patents regu-
lady and legally issued by the President ot tlie
United States to hardy, indubious, thrifty citizens
are declared nugatory, and we are shorn of our
lights, acquired ingood faith by legal contract with
the General Government, and left to the mercy ot a
soulless corporation, whose only aim h to in ilco uli
they can out of what they call their acquired
rights, and leave us and our families to shift for our-
selves as best wo can.
We have faith now, as heretofore, in the wisdom
and justice of Congress to protect us from sueh a
fate as this. We claim we have made this portion
of 'the public domain to be a fertile, producing
region from a barren wilderness, and we ask you in
your sovereign capacity to protect ns in our -rights,
acquired under the law which was made to protect
the toiling poor man, as well as the rich, and not
hand us over powerless to the control of heartless
monopolists.  We are numberedby thousands, from
the Iiaccoon forks to the northern boundary of the
State of Iowa, and deem ourselves worthy, as law-
abiding citizens, of the protection of Congress, and
this, our petition, entitled to its earnest considera-
tion and attention. We do not claim anything but
what we deem to be our just rights as actual settlers.
We come to Congress and ask that a sacred contract
entered into by us in good faith be sacredly ratified.
We have (some of us) resided on these lands for
ten, fifteen, and twenty years; wehave owned them,
looked upon them as ours, improved them for our-
selves and for our children, made them valuable
to the State and improved tho value of lands con-
tiguous for the General Government; and we now
ask Congress to investigate this matter, look iuto its
merits, aud preserve to us our homes as contracted
with us and guarantied to us by the proper officers
of the Government, (witness the preemption granted
in 1868, by authority of the Secretary of the Interior.)
We would further say that so far as the improve-
ment of the Des Moines river (for which the large
amount ot land, several hundred thousand acres, is
granted) is concerned, the little that has been done
has proved an obstruction rather than an improve-
ment.
Your petitionerstherefore earnestly pray that you
will cause this matter to be investigated, and &tay
what we cannot help calling those unjust proceed-
ings thatwould deprive thousands of good citizens of
the homes they have spent years of toil in making.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to make this obser-
vation in moving to refer the petition to the
Committee on the Judiciary. It is not on ac-
count of any lack of confidence in the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, bat that committee
lias investigated similar subjects, and the peti-
tion raises questions of law of great gravity,
on account of decisions of the district and
supreme courts of United States affecting the
rights of these parties; and I therefore prefer
that it should go to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Ths VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the memo-
rial of William E. Ward, praying for the pas-
sage of an act authorizing the Commissioner of
Patents to receive and act upon his application
for the extension of a patent for an improve-
ment in machines for making nuts ; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. FENTON. I present the petition of the
Sun Mutual Insurance Company, the Mercan-
tile Mutual Insurance Company, and the New
York Mutual Insurance Company, all of the
city of Newr.York, and the China Insurance
Company, of Boston, Massachusetts, who ask
for a rehearing of a claim for the loss of the
bark Caldera, and payment for the same out
of the surplus of the Chinese indemnity fund.
The petitioners ask for a rehearing before the
Couit of Claims, and I suppose it will be proper
that this matter should have consideration by
the Committee on Foreign Relations; and I
move that the petition have that reference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I have a petition to pre-
sent, and I am not certain that it is not a
transcript of a memorial to Congress pre-
sented by my colleague this morning. It is
from the Ontario and Yates counties Homeo-
pathic Medical Societies, and comes from a
meeting recently held at Geneva, New York.
They complain of the practices of the Peu-
sion Bureau in the appointment of examining
surgeons, and ask, in tin* establishment of a
national university at the city of Washington,
that a chair may be set apart for this school
of medicine. As the petition my colleague
presented was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, I move that this have the
same direction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON also presented the petition
of Samuel Kilbocn, of New York, praying to
be allowed arrears of pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senate allow
me now to pass my little bill ?
Mr. PATTERSON. I have a report to
make.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
have risen with morning business. Tho pre-
sentation of petitions and memorials is still
in order.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
Louis C. H. Finney, of Accomac county, Vir-
ginia, and of M. II. Morsel!, of Sullivan county,
Tennessee, praying the removal of their polit-
ical disabilities ; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of M.
M. Hartsook, of Rockbridge county, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabil-
ities *, which was referred to the select Com-
mitteeon the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Margaretta Becker, widow of Captain Leo-
pold Becker, deceased, praying to be allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. COLE. I present a petition signed, E
think, by all the assistant census marshals or
enumerators employed to aid in taking the
census in California, asking for further com-
pensation. They set forth that "by far the
large majority of your petitioners have actu-
ally expended in the course of the work an
amount greater in coin than they have received
in currency for all the labor performed.'7 I
will add that I have received letters from vari-
ous parties who were so engaged stating this
same fact, and I have no doubt of the correct-
ness of the allegation. They were of coarse
compelled in many instances to provide them-
selves with the means of conveyance, pur-
chasing perhaps a horse and buggy, and the
necessary expense thus incurred more than
consumed all that they are to receive under
the law. 1 believe a bill on this subject has
been reported and is now on the Calendar,
and I therefore move that this petition lie
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present the sworn me-
morial of Thomas H. Dowling, who claims
the island of Yerba Buena, in the harbor of
San-Francisco, directly opposite the city, as
his property, under a title dating back as far
as 1833. As the memorial affects a question
of considerable public interest, I move that it
be printed—it is not long—and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. At the request of the
petitioner, I also ask leave to introduce a bill,
to be referred to the same committee. The
object of it is to carry out the prayer of tho
memorial.
_ The^ VICE PRESIDENT. The introduc-
tion of bills is not yet in order.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the petition of
0. C. Horn, of Havvkinsville, Pulaski county,
Georgia, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
RELIEF TO 3FKANCE.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I rise
to a question of privilege for the first time iu
my lite; not a question of privilege so far as
appertains to myself, but a question of priv-
ilege much higher than that which can affect
any member of this body. It is a question
which affects the character and the dignity of
the Senate of the United States and of the
Congress of the United States; a question of
privilege that affects the people of the United
States at large.
Yesterday a resolution was offered in this
body, the preambieof which I moved to strike
