THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
general, and brigadier general. That is the
condition of your Navy wiih reference to its
officers. Up to 1802 the offices of Admiral aud
Vice Admiral did not exist, nor was there any
higher grade than that of captain. There was
no such office even as commodore, except by
courtesy, until 1862. Since that time Congress
has created the offices of Admiral, Vice Ad-
miral, rear admiral, and commodore; and we
have now one hundred and sixteen men hold-
ing these ranks on the rolls of the Navy,
although there are only eight thousand men
under their command. Why, sir, such a thing
is unheard of. You cannot find such a thing
existing in any navy in the world that exists
in our Navy, with such high rank and such
number of officers to the number of men in the
service.
X offer this, Mr. Speaker, as an improvement
in the light di-eclion. I offer it as a question
of economy, commencing in the Navy as we
have already done in the Army. I tell you
that these useless ranks should be lopped off
as opportunity is afforded to the Congress of
the United States to do so, in order that the
people miiy he iclieved of some of the burdens
of taxes now imposed upon them. This great
excess of rank should not he kept up when the
necessity for it has ceased. The office of
Admiral was created during the war, when, as a
matter of course, we were willing to give any-
thing deemed necessary for the salvation of
the country. The time has now come in the his-
tory of the country when a vacancy exists in
the office of Admiial, arid that vacancy should
be. allowed to exist. It should not be filled,
when the necessity for the office has passed
away. The office of Admiral was created for
Farragut aud as a compliment to him, without
any expectation that it would descend along
the line, But it seems as if it were the inten-
tion that, none of these high ranks should ever
be abolished; but as fast as one officer dies or
resigns the vacancy bhould be filled, and filled
in hot haste, before oppoituuily is afforded for
the Congress of the United States to act 011 the
subject.
Mr. Speaker, if this Congress ever intends
to act on a question of this kind, now is the
time ; and ii we. do not act now, then in a few
days there will bo no necessity for doing ss. I
therefore move to suspend the rules, in order
to introduce this bill, and have it before the
House for consideration and action.
Mr. 1IALE. 1 trust that the gentleman from
Illinois will not. insist upon his motion until
something may be said on the other side, and
otilv for a moment.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not object to the gen-
tleman proceeding.
Mr. HALE. In the last session of Congress,
Mr. Speaker, a hill was carefully elaborated
by the .Military Committee, the subject having
been relerred lo them, reorganizing the Army.
It was provided in that bill that the rank of
General, which had been created for General
Grant, as much as the rank of Admiral was
cieated tor Admiral Farragut, as stated by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] should
continue during the lifetime of General Sher-
man. I do not know, sir, that anybody ob-
jected to that tribute being rendered to Gen-
eral Sherman. The office of General continues
through his lifetime. Admiral Farragut has
deceased, and the President has appointed
Adiuual Porter to succeed him. Is it not fair
that tin: Navy should be put upon the same
basis with the Army, and that Admiral Porter,
a man of about, the same age us General Sher-
man, and of distinguished service, should for
his lifetime act, as and be the Admiral of the
United tatates Navy, as General Sherman is
to be General of ihe Army, and when these
officers die men let the offices also expire?
Should one office be allowed to stand for years
and nut the other? bhould not t.he Navy, sir,
be upon the ,-ame footing as the Array in that
regard ?
AU\ LOGAN. I ask the gentleman this ques-
tion, whether a vacancy does not exist in the
office of Admiral at this time? Suppose Gen-
eral Sherman were to die to-morrow, a vacancy
occurring, the office of General would cease in
the Army under the law. Now, by not causing
this office of Admiral to cease you encourage
the promotion of an officer to fill the vacancy
in the rank of Admiral.
Mr. HALE. There is no danger of its being
encouraged in perpetuity, because, in prolong-
ing the office for one more life, we are following
only in the line pursued in reference to the
Army.
Mr. LOGAN. There is a great difference.
Does the gentleman believe if a vacancy existed
in the office of General at the time the Army
bill passed Congress, we would have continued
and not abolished the office?
Mr. HALE. I believe that, as on the first
opportunity the Piesident appointed General
Sherman to the vacancy in the Army, and as
when Admiral Farragut deceased he appointed
Admiral Portertoacorrespondingvacancy, we
should recognize the same rule of action in each
case.
I wish to allude to one other thing which
seems to me to bear upon members' minds.
Everybody has heard of and read Admiral
Porter's letter. Now lo my mind it is beyond,
outside of the dignity of this House of Repre-
sentatives hereto day to base its action upon
any sentiment which may be felt as to that
letter.
Mr. LOGAN. Why does the gentleman
"lug in" the letter? I have not referred to it.
Mr. HALE. I know the gentleman has not.
I have referred to it on my own responsibility.
Mr. LOGAN. I know you have.
Mr. HALE. I say that it is not, as I believe,
in accordance with the dignity of this House
that it shall act suddenly aud rashly upon this
matter. It seems to me proper and fitting
that this matter should be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs. Had any gen-
tleman last winter, when the, Army bill was
before the Committee 011 Military Affairs, pro-
posed to put through in hot haste an act
abolishing the grade of General of the Army,
would not the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] have objected to such a proceeding?
Is there, then, anything unfair or unreasonable
in sending his bill to the Naval Committee ?
Mr. KELSBY. 1 rise to a point of order.
I submit that debate is not in order 011 a ques-
tion of a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
poiiit of order. Debate hitherto has pro-
ceeded by unanimous conscnt.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent,
including the consent of my friend from New
York, [Mr. Kelsey,] to allow me to make a
few suggestions in reply to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. KELSEY. I withdraw my ohjeclion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And I
ask unanimous consent to make a few sug-
gestions in reply to my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object. I have no
objection to the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs being heard; but I do not wish
that the debate shall proceed further. 1 desire
that it shall stop with the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If that
is to be the understanding, I object to any fur-
ther debate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butleii] is always heard
on all occasions, and takes up more of the
time of the House than any other member on
this floor.
Mr. BUTLEU, of Massachusetts. Now it,
is d(generating into a personal attack on me.
The gentleman is following Porter. [Laugh-
ter.]
Ihe SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts object to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] being heard ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do ob-
ject, if I am not allowed to spealc.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
object conditionally.
Mr. COX. If this debate goes on I wish
to be heard in vindication of human nature.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scofield, ] the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, desires to be heard.
Is there objection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman fiom Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] has taken some credit to
himself for having originated and carried some
great reforms in the Army last year, and says
he wished to get the Committee on Naval
Affairs to follow his example last year, and
that they declined. Now, I believe the War
Department, before that so-called reform bill
was passed presented to the Committee 011 Ap-
propriations an-estimate of the whole amount
required for the pay of the Army; that after
that reform bill passed the Committee 011 Ap-
propriations was obliged to call upon the De-
partment for another estimate ; and that when
the estimate came in of the amount to be paid
under that reform bill it was larger than it was
before.
Now let me say a word upon what the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] has said in
relation to the officers of the Navy. He tells
us there are a certain number of men in the
Navy who have the title of commodore, and
a certain number who have the title of admiral.
Now, under the legislation for the Navy re-
tired naval officers go on, so far as the mere
empty honor of the title is concerned, in the
line of promotion as before: but as regards
their pay they receive only the half pay of the
title upon which they retired. If an officer
retires as lieutenant commander he will get
only the half pay of lieutenant commander for
life, although he may go on and become a com-
modoreoradmiral. Butthisreform bill, instead
of giving the officers ths half pay of the title on
which they retired, gave them three fourths of
the amount of the active-service pay; and there
is not a single man now in the Army on the
active list who does not receive from twenty-
five to fifty per cent, more pay than the officer
holding corresponding rank in the Navy.
I am not arraigning the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Air. Logan] or his bill. I oniy reply
to his insinuations, when he gave the House
to understand that after having reformed the
Army he undertook to meddle with the Naval
Committee, but that they would not listen to
his advice. Aud I say that if you compare the
pay lists in the estimates last session for the
Army and Navy, you will find that the officers
in the Army have much larger pay than the
officers in the Navy.
Iain not saying, Mr. Speaker, that these grades
should not be abolished. I do not say whether
we should have an Admiral of the Navy or not.
But I must say that I do not sympathize with
those of our military men who are constantly
fighting their brethren in the other branch ofthe
service. I look down toward the South, and
wherever there is a prominent reb«l down
there, if they cannot, get him amnesty and give
1 him office, they will appoint him president of a
| railroad corporation with a good salary, or get.
' upa festival tobuy him a house, and if he hap-
pens to die they will have agret-t to-do about it.
But here, sir, gentlemen are requiring some
reform. Well, 1 know very well that Admiral
Porter has written a letter that, was not very
wise 1 believe, at least, that it was not very
wise; but I believe General Scoit used to write
letters sometimes that were not very wise. A
great many men have made this mistake of
writing foolish letters. All I am asking is that
this bill shah be treated like ihe bill in relation
to the Army which the gentleman's eommitiee
had charge of last session, mid shall be referred
to ihe Committee 011 Naval Affairs for con-
sideration.
Mr, FERRISS. Some of us 00 this side of
