1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
the House would be glad to know to which
letter of Admiral Porter the gentleman refers.
[Laughter, and cries of "Excellent!" "Very
good 1"]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I know that when any
man has committed some folly all the wits of
the country can turn in to put him down. I
remember the laugh raised against General
Scott for some letters that he wrote, and I
suppose he was laughed out of the Presidency ;
but he was a gallant and brave man. It is not
uncommon for men to write foolish letters.
There are some generals, members of this
House, that once in awhile do a foolish thing.
[Laughter.] A gentleman near me said the
other day that "a man had his fool's day, and
with some of them it lasts more than a day."
[Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. I desire just a moment 
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will allow
me to make an inquiry of the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to have him
state what, under the present organization of
the Navy, are the duties of Admiral'!'
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, I am not at all at
a loss to tell the gentleman what the duties of
Admiral are ; but as he knows just as well as I
do, and as he puts the question with a view of
showing thai no snch office is needed, I decline
to answer. I will say, however, that he per-
forins the same duties that Admiral Farragut
did.
Mr. DAWES. Is that all the answer the
gentleman has? lie says I know just as well
as he does what the duties of the Admiral are,
and that 1 put the question for the purpose of
showing that the office is unnecessary. He
could not come to that conclusion if he did not
know that the Admiral of the Navy, under the
present organization of the Navy, has no duties
to perform whatever that are known to the law.
Mr. SCOFIULD. 11'the gentleman had not
taken me up before I had completed my answer
1 was going on to say to him that the question
whether i here should be an Admiral in the Navy
is one that I did not wish to discuss, as that is
not the question at issue here.
Mr. DAWES. I think the very question at
issue is the question whether there should be
an Admiral of the Navy ; that is the very ques-
tion at issue upon a bill to abolish the office.
When we are considering such a question, I do
not know what else it is except a question
whetherthere should be an Admiral ofthe Navy.
T apprehend it is certain that the relation ofthe
Admiral to the Navy is quite different from that
ofthe General to the Army. He issues no com-
mand ; there is no squadron that receives its
orders from or through the Admiral of the Navy;
there is no officer of ibe Navy who receives his
orders from the Admiral of the Navy. But ail
the Army orders go through the General ot the
Army, wlio, in fact, is the General of the entire
Army of the United States. There is that
marked difference between the relations ofthe
Admiral to the Navy and the relations of the
General to the Army.
The office of Admiral was created for a good
and glorious purpose, namely, to testify by its
enactment to the important services rendered
by that great captain. He had that honor : he
bad no duties to perform ; and it is a fair ques-
tion whether this honor shall be conferred upon
another, and not at all with any idea that it is
necessary for the Navy. It is a supernumerary
office ; it is an honorary position, and that only.
I asked in good faith the question I put to my
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield;]
and it is because be seemed to see that an
answer would show that the office was utterly
unnecessary, was supernumerary, that he de-
clined to answer it.
Mr. SC0F1ELD. I decline, upon this pre-
liminary examination, to go into a discussion
of the question whether we need an Admiral
in the Navy. This is merely a preliminary in-
quiry as to whether this bill thai! be introduced.
Both the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] and myself, aud all who have spoken
upon this subject, have spoken with the unan-
imous consent of the whole House. It is not
designed that the merits of this bill shall be
open to consideration at tjiis time. Everybody
knows that the Admiral of the Navy performs
any duty that the President may assign him,
just as does any other officer, although I know
he has no duty defined by law. But the point
I am now discussing is as to the propriety of
rushing this bill through the House just at this
time, without allowing it to be considered by
a committee. I was replying to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] who said he had
set us a precedent last year which we ought to
follow.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not say any such thing.
The gentleman made a general attack On the
Army bill, which had not been referred to by
me, except that I asked him to report a bill
like it: but he did not do it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
yield to me for a few minutes?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield the floor entirely.
The gentleman can speak in his own time if
the House will permit.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
permission of the House to trespass upon their
attention for a few moments. A letter of
Admiral Porter has been alluded to, a letter
which otherwise I should never have alluded
to and brought before the country. As that
letter contains an allusion to me, I think it
may not be improper that I should call atten-
tion to it for a moment.
If gratitude could coutrol my vote in favorof
Admiral Porter, after the publication of that
letter I certainly would give him that vote, for
he has put. before the country a piece of evi-
dence for which I am deeply grateful, showing
that it was predetermined that the commander
of the army in the expedition against Fort
Fisher should never succeed. He has settled
that point for all time, and I am deeply grateful
to him for so doing. But while I tender him
my grateful thanks for what he has done in'
that regard, yet I cannot believe that it is the^
duty of" this Congress to keep up the grade of
Admiral even for the sake of having as good
letters written as the two to which I refer.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In his second
letter he takes back all of the first letter.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call the attention of members to this consid-
eration : whether it is worth while to have an
Admiral in the Navy who cannot for two days
together utter the same sentiments; whether
itls worth while to have an Admiral in the
Navy who one day maligns and the oilier day
commends his co-commander. It lias been
said that the Congress of the United States
should not take any notice of these letters
written by Admiral Porter. I think they
should. 1 can easily understand why the Pres-
ident should not take any notice of them, for
they are personal to him. Lut they are for the
whole people to consider in determining this
question. Is this the man to put in the place
of the noble, brave, open-hearted, and fair-
minded Farragut? Is this the man to put
before the youth in your Naval School as an
example for them to follow?
Are we to be told that it is proper to pro-
mote a naval officer who at one moment praises
his commanding general and the next moment
maligns him ; who one day writes a sycophantic
letter to the Secretary of the Navy, to obtain
promotion and place by abuse ot the general
then over hi m, and then when thai letter is made
public turns around and abuses the poor Sec-
retary, who is not in power, in order to gam the
favor of the President who is in power? Is it
for this that we promote men to the highest
place in the Navy? Are you going to hold up
before the country such a man as an example ot
the bold, flunk, open hearted sailor; ap a suit-
able successor of iiim who so recently died, and
who in his last moments said with trembling
lips to his attendant, in substance: "Never
raise over my body or carry before my coffin
the gridiron flag which.has been imposed upon
me by the man who expects to bo my suc-
cessor?" As the friend and associate of Far-
ragut, I must protest as well as I may, in the
face of the country, against this man having
that place, which should be kept sacred. I
submit that the Congress of the United States
should not step out of the way to tax: the peo-
ple for the purpose of conferring honor upon
a man who has dishonored the President and
dishonored the Navy.
Mr. LOGAN". Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman will
allow me one word.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I shall vote for
this bill, because, as I understand, it places the
Navy in exactly the same position in which we
have placed the Army. We have already passed
a bill providing that whenever there shall be
a vacancy in the office of General the commis-
sion shall be discontinued : and the same thing
has been provided with reference to the office
of Lieutenant General. We now propose, there
being a vacancy in the office of Admiral, that
the commission of that office shall bo discon-
tinued. This proposition does not differ trom
what we have already done with reference to
the Army. As this office is not necessary, I
trust the proposition will be adopted.
We are appealed to by the chairman of tho
Naval Committee [Mr. Suofielij] not to con-
sider for a moment the acts of the nominee for
this office, because his case may thus be pre-
judiced. I trust that if we are not allowed to
consider the recent acts of this individual, we
shall at least act upon the menis of the ques-
tion, and adopt with reference to the office of
Admiral the same action we have taken with
regard to the offices of General and Lieutenant
General of the Army, winch offices are, by
existing law, to be abolished whenever there
shall be a vacancy. We now propose to do
the same thing with regard to the office of Ad-
miral, in which there is now a vacancy. If wa
make an exception in favor of the officer now
nominated to fill the vacancy, there is no reason
why the office should not be continued to the
end of time. 1 know that those who are called
upon to pass judgment upon this nomination
desire that the question with reference to the
continuance of this office shall be settled upon
its merits. I hope the rules will be suspended
and that this bill will be passed.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I would like to
call the attention of the Ilouseto one point
which has not been touched on in this debate,
and it is this: Vice Admiral Porter has for
some time held a certain relation to the Navy
Department, which is, in iny judgment, (as it
must be, I think, in the judgment ot every gen-
tleman who will examine the matter,) utterly
abnormal and unknown to the law; and as
such it has been denounced in this House by
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Wash-
burn,] and by others. It may not be known
generally to members of the House that on the
12th of March, 1809, there was^ issued by Mr.
Borie, then Secretary of the Navy, under the
directions of the President, a circular letter to
this effect:
"All matters relating to the Navy coining under
the cognizance of the different bureaus will be suo-
mitted. to Vice Admiral Porter^ befcoro facing trans-
milted to the Secretary of the Navy."
Now, it is a matter of history that on the
9th day of March, 1869, Mr. Borie, accompa-
nied by Vice Admiral Porter, took possession
of the Navy Department. There was then
issued an avalanche of all sorts of legal auu
illegal orders, some new, and some repetitions
of old orders. There has been a complete
upturning of the whole business of that Dcpai t-
ment under the orders of this gentleman, who
is acting for the President in violation ot law,
under this special order from we Sccrewry c.i
