TO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
the Navy. I venturs to affirm—and I challenge
for this assertion the attention of gentlemen
familiar with the Navy Department—that there
is no law, no practice in any Department, which
authorizes Vice Admiral"lJorter to take charge
of that Department, to the dishonor of the offi-
cer properly at its head and to the dishonor of
the Administration. Such a thing never was
allowed under any former Administration, and
it ought not to be allowed under this.
I know very well, Mr. Speaker, that a great
many irregularities have taken place under this
Administration. I know very well, as does the
public, that Vice Admiral Porter has, in one
sense, played the sycophant and disgraced
his high position. I am willing to concede
his bravery and skill as a naval officer in every
relation in which he served during the war;
but X shall vote to abolish the office of Admiral
because.I am in favor of good administration
and responsibility at the head of the Navy. I
know it was said by the late Admiral Farragut,
for it came to me directly, that it was a strange
thing that he had to obey the orders of the
Secretary of the Navy issued by this Vice Ad-
miral Porter. He believed where men had
the power they ought to take the responsibil-
ity; but the condition of things has been such
in the Navy Department that the man who had
the power was not accountable and took no
responsibility. I will vote, not on personal
grounds, not because of these shameful letters,
not because of this humiliation of our Navy
and this Admiral of the Navy by this syco-
phancy, to vacate this office, becau, e I would
reform the administration of the Government,
and especially in naval affairs.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to discuss
this question any further, but will merely add
this, that what I have done in this matter I have
done, as I have already said, because I believe
it will redound to the advantage of the country,
and particularly to the naval branch of the
service, and not because of any feeling I had
of a personal character toward any officer who
might be affected by the passage of the bill.
One gentleman referred to in the bill I do not
know at all; never, so far as 1 know, having met
him. I think it is right, as a question of econ omy,
to abolish as soon as possible the offices of
Admiral and Vice Admiral. Now, when a
vacancy exists in the office of Admiral, Ibelieve
is the time to abolish it. It is an office never
before created in this country, and it is a rank
which should never be given hereafter. I now
move to suspend the rules in order that the bill
may be introduced and put on its passage.
The SPEAKER. Does thegentleman desire
to include the passage of the bill in the sus-
pension of the rules?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
The rules were suspended ; and the bill (II.
R. No. 2509) was passed, two thirds having
voted in favor thereof. " 
regulation of NAVAL 1unk.
_ Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to introduce a
bill which concerns a great many persons. It
is not my bill, and I do not know that 1 should
approve of it. It is only for reference.
There was no objection.
Mr. SCOFIELD introduced a bill (H. E.
No. 2510) to regulate rank in the Navy of the
United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
commerce or interior ports.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire whether additional legislation
(and, if so. what legislation) is necessary to give
increased efficiency and usefulness to the existing
provisions ot law for the transportation of imported
merchandise to certain interior ports of the United
States, as contained in sections twenty-nine, thirty,
thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-four.thir-
ty-flvo, thirty-six, andthirty-sevenof an act entitled
"An act to reduce internal taxes and for other pur-
poses," approved July 1!. 1870, and to report by bill
or otherwise.
REVENUE REFORM.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the true principle of revenue reform
points to the abolition of the internal revenue sys-
tem, which was created as a war measure to provide
for extraordinary expenses, and the continuance oi
which involves the employment, at the costot mil-
lions of dollars annually, of an army of assessors; col-
lectors, supervisors, detectives, and other oiheers
previously unknown, and requires the repeal at the
earliest day consistent with the maintenance ot the
iaith and credit of the Government ol all stamp and
other internal taxes: and that properly adjusted
rates shall be retained on distilled spirits, tobacco,
and malt liQuors so Ions as.the legitimate expenses
of the Government require the collection of any sum
from internal taxos.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to offer an amendment m the nature
of a substitute.
Mr. IiELLEY. I cannot do so; but will
move to suspend the rules to introduce my own
resolution.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
50, noes 35; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Kelley and Mr.
Allison.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 80, noes 29; no quorum voting.
Mr. KELLEY demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Ifthe House now adjourn
will this be the first thing in order in themorn-
ing?
The SPEAKER. It will go over until next
Monday after the morning, hour.
Mr. COX. I give notice that I will then
introduce an honest, square resolution on the
tariff.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. There are various gentle-
men who were not in their seats when their
States were called this morning who desire to
present bills, &c., for reference. With the leave
of the House the Chair will, pending the motion
to adjourn, recognize gentlemen for that pur-
pose, it being understood that these bills are
introduced under the restriction of the morn-
ing hour, that they shall not be brought back by
motions to reconsider.
There was no objection.
W. CARDWELL AND R. I. GAULDING.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2511) for the removal
of the legal and political disabilities from Wil-
liam Cardwell and Richard I. Ganlding, of
Charlotte county, Virginia ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the select
Committee on Reconstruction.
WASHINGTON AND NEW YORK RAILWAY.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous cansent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2512) to authorize
the building of a military and postal railway
from Washington, in the District of Columbia,
to the city of New York; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Railways and Canals, and ordered to be
printed.
PAYMENT OF CUSTOMS DUTIES.
Mr. INGERSOLL also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2513) making
United States Treasury notes receivable in
part payment of customs duties; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
REPORTS OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. INGERSOLL also, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, and referred, under the law, to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed from stereotyped
plates now in possession of the Public Printer, two
thousand copies each of the reports of tho Smith-
sonian Institution for the years 1865, 1866,1867, and
18(53; one-thousand of these to be for the use of the
members of the House, and the other thousand for
distribution by the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have a letter on this
subject, which I should like the House to hear
read.
The SPEAKER. It can be read when the
resolution is reported back to the House for
action.
REGISTRY OF FOREIGN-BUILT VESSELS.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means was discharged from
the further consideration of a joint resolution
and bill of the following titles, and the same
were severally referred to the Committee on
Commerce:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 387) to enable
citizens of the United States to register foreign
built vessels; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2440) admitting to registry
in the ports of the United States certain iron
and composite foreign-built vessels.
BANKRUPTCY ACT AMENDMENT.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent,intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 2514) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout theUnited States;"
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
LIliltARIES IN CARE OF FOREIGN MINISTERS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution, which was
read, considered, ancl agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be. requested
to communicate to this House, if not in his opinion
incompatible with the public interest, somuchofthe
correspondence of Hon. Samuel Shellabarser with
the State Department, while minister to Portugal, as
relates to public documents or libraries in the care
of foreign ministers, with any recommendation he
may deem it proper to make in relation thereto.
RICHARD P. HAMMOND.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
that Senate joint resolution (S. R. No. 226) be
taken from the Speaker's table and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
There was no objection, and the Senate joint
resolution (S. R. No. 226) for the relief of
Richard P. Hammond was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS OF VIRGINIA.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous con-
sent that Senate bill No. 698 be taken from
the Speaker's table and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
There was no objection, and the bill (S. No.
G98) to divide the State of Virginia into two
judicial districts was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and seeondtime, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. VOORHEES, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following preamble and resolu-
tion ; whiclrwere read, considered, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions :
Whereas by existing law it is made necessary for
a person who is entitled to a pension by reason of
injuries received, disease contracted, or death occur-
ring:, in the military or naval service of tho United
States, to make his or her application within five
years after the discharge or death of the party on
whose account the pension is claimed, ill order to
obtain the said pension from the date of said dis-
charge or death; and whereas there are many merit-
orious soldiers and sailors and officers of the Army
and N avy who have from various causes failed to urge
their just claims to pensions until the said iiveyears
have elapsed: Now, therefore,
Re it resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be, and thesame is hereby, instructed to inquire
at once into the expediency and propriety of report-
ing a bill to this House providing that all pensions
heretofore granted, or that may hereafter, within the
next ten years, begranted, shall commence from and
after the date of the discharge or death as aforesaid,
and that the said committee have leave to report at
any time.
REVENUE REFORM.
Mr. KELLEY. I now demand the regular
order of business.
Mr. COX. I insist upon my motion to
adjourn.
i'he SPEAKER. Only two motions are in
