1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89T
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the proposed substitute of the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining; and the ques-
tion will then be put on proceeding with the
consideration of the bill*
The substitute reported was read as follows:
That the mineral lands of the public domain, both
surveyed and unsurveyed, are hereby de*lared to be
free and open to exploration and occupation by all
persons, subject to such regulations as may be pre-
scribed by law, and subject also to the local cus-
toms or rules of miners in the several mining dis-
tricts, so far its the same may not be in conflict with
the laws of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the miners
of each mining district may determine the length
of their mining claims upon veins or lodes of quartz,
or other rock in place, bearing gold, silver, crana-
bar, lead, tin, or copper, subject to thefollowing lim-
itations : claims located previous to July 26,1866,
shall be limited as to extent along the vein or lode
by the local laws or customs existing at the date of
the location. Single claims located subsequent to
July 26,1866, shall not exceed two hundred feet in
length along the vein or lod*, with an additional
claim of two hundred feet for discovery to the dis-
coverer of the vein or lode. Several persons may
locate in common on a vein or lode, each person
taking one claim; but no person, except the dis-
coverer, shall locate more than one claim upon the
game vein or lode: and the aggregate amount of a
location in common made subsequent to July 26,
18G6, shall not exceed three thousand feet in length
along the vein or lode. No claim shall extend more
than three hundred feet on each side of the middle
of the vein at the surface; nor shall any claim be
limited by any raining regulation to less than twenty-
five feet on each side of the middle of I he vein at the
surface, except where adverse rights existing at
the passage of this act shall render such limitation
necessary.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the locators
of all mining locations heretofore made, or which
shall herealter be made, on any mineral vein,
lode, or ledge situated on the public domain, their
heirs and assigns, where no adverse claim exists at
the passage of this act, so long as they comply with
the laws of the United States and with State, terri-
torial, and local regulations made in accordance
therewith, governing their possessory title, shall
have the exclusive right of possession and enjoy-
ment of all the surface included within the lines of
their locations, and of all veins, lodes, and ledges
throughout their entire depth, the top or apex of
which lies inside of such surface lines extended
downward vertically, although such vein3, lodes, or
ledges may so far depart from a perpendicular in
their course downward as to extend outside the ver-
tical side lines of said surface locations: Provided,
That their right of possession to such exterior parts
of said veins or ledges shall be confined to such por-
tions thereof as lie between vertical planes drawn
downward as aforesaid through the end lines of their
locations, or locations in common, so continued in
their own direction that such planes will intersect
such exterior parts of said veins or ledges: And
provided further, That nothing in this section shall
authorize the locator or possessor of a vein or lode
which extends in its downward course beyond the
vertical line3 of his claim to enter upon the surface
of a claim owned or possessed by another.
Sec. 4. And be it further exacted. That where a tun-
nel is run lor the development of a vein or lode, or
for discovery of mines, the owners of such tunnel
shall have the right of possession of all veins or
lodes, not previously known to exist, discovered in
such tunnel, to the extent of fifteen hundred feet
on each side of the same; and locations on the lino
of such tunnels of veins or lodes not appearing on
the surface, made by other parties after the com-
mencement of the tunnel, and while the same is
being prosecuted with reasonable diligence, shall be
invalid.
Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted. That the minersof
each mining district may make rules and regulations,
not in conflict with the laws of the State or Territory
in which the district is situated, governing the loca-
tion, manner of recording, amount of work-neces-
sary to hold possession of a mining claim, subject to
the following requirements: the location mast be
distinctly marked on the ground, so that its bound-
aries can foe readily traced. All records of mining
claims hereafter made shall contain the name or
names of the locators, the date of the_ location, and
such a description of the claim or claims located by
reference to some naturalobject or permanent mon-
ument as will identify the claim. After the passage
of this act. and until a patent shall have been issued,
not less than twenty-five dollars' worth of labor
shall be expended or improvements made upon each
claim during each year; but claimants in common,
as defined in the second section of this act, may
cause all the labor to be expended or improvements
to be made upon any one claim, provided the aggre-
gate amount equals twenty-five dollars a year to
each claim. And upon a failure to comply with this
condition the claim ormine upon which such failure
occurred shall be open to relocation In the same
manner as if no location of the same had over been
made: Provided, That the original locator has not
resumed work upon the claim after such failure and
before such relocation. ' ,
Sec. 6. And be U further enacted, That a patent
shall be obtained in the following manner: any
person, association, or corporation in possession pf
41st Cons. 3d Sess.—No. 57.
a mining claim or claims in common, who has com-
plied with the mining regulations and the laws of
the United States, may file in the local land office
an application for a patent showing such compli-
ance, together with a plat of the claim or claims in
common; a copy of such plat, together with a notice
of intention to apply for a patent, shall also be
posted in a conspicuous place on the claim for the
period of ninety days. The register of the land
office, upon the filing of such application and plat,
shall publish a notice that sueh application has been
made for the period of ninety days in a newspaper
pub ished nearest to said claim, and he shall also
post such notice in bis office for the same period.
The claimant at the time of filing his applications,
orat any time thereafter within the ninety days of
publication, shall file with the register a certificate
of the United States surveyor general that §1,000
worth of labor has been expended or improvements
made upon the claim, that the plat is correct, with
such further description by sueh reference to natural
objects or permanent monuments as shall identify
the claim and furnish an accurate description, to
be incorporated in the patent. At the expiration
of the ninety days of publication the claimant shall
file his affidavit, showing that the plat and notice
have been posted in a conspicuous place on the claim
during said period of publication. If no adverse
claim shall have been filed at the expiration of the
ninety days of publication it shall be assumed that
the applicant is entitled to a patent, and that no
adverse claims exist; and thereafter no objection
from third parties to the issuance of a patent shall
beheard except it be shown that the applicant has
failed to comply with this act.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That where an
adverse claim shall be filed during the period of pub-
lication all proceedings, except the publication of
notice and making and filing of the affidavit thereof,
shall bestayed until the controversy shall have been
settled or decided by a court of competent jurisdic-
tion, or the adverse claim waived. It shall be the
duty of the adverse claimant, within twenty days
after filing his claim, to commence proceedings in a
court of competent jurisdiction to determine the ques-
tion of the right of possession, and prosecute the
same with reasonable diligence to final judgment;
and a failure so to do shall be a waiver of his adverse
claim. After such judgment shall have been ren-
dered the party entitled to the possession of the
claim, or any portion thereof, may file a certified
copy of the judgment roll with the register of the
land office, together with the certificate of the sur-
veyor general that the requisite amount ot labor
has been expended or improvements made thereon,
and the description required in other cases, and
shall pay to the receiver five dollars per acre for his
claim, together with the proper fees, whereupon the
whole proceedings and the judgment roll shall be
certified by the register to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and a patent shall issue thereon
for the claim, or such portion thereof as the appli-
cant shall appear from the decision of the court to
rightfully possess. If it shall appear from the decis-
ion of the court that several parties are entitled to
separate and different portions of the claim, each
party may pay for his portion of the claim, with the
proper fees, and file the certificate and description
by the surveyor general, whereupon the register shall
certify theproceedings and judgment rollto the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office as in the pre-
ceding case, and patents shall issue to the several
parties according to their respective rights.
Sec.S. And be it further enacted, That the descrip-
tion of vein or lode claims upon surveyed lands shall
designate the location of the claim with reference
to the lines of the public surveys, but need not con-
form therewith, but shall conform to the lines of the
claim or claims in common; but where a patent shall
be issued for vein or lode claims upon unsurveyed
lands, the surveyorgeneral in extending the surveys
shall adjust the same to the boundaries of such
patented claim, according to the plat or description
thereof, as in other cases of private claims.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That sections one,
two, three, four, and six of an act entitled "An act
granting the right of way to ditch and canal owners
over the public lands, and for other purposes,"
approved July 26.1866, are horebyrepealed, but such
repeal shall not affect existing rights or prevent
claimants now prosecuting their claims for patents
from proceeding under said act: Provided, That this
act shall be enforced as to such claims where it is
not inconsistent with the act approved July 26,18t>6,
aforesaid. , , „ T [iL
S®c. 10. udnti be it farther enacted, That the act
to amend an act granting the right of way to ditch
and canal owners over the public lands, and for other
purposes, approved July"9,1870, shall be and remain
in full force, except as to the proceedings to obtain
a patent, which shall be similar to the proceedings
prescribed by sections s>ix and seven of this act for
obtaining patents to vein or lode claims; but where
said placer claims shall be upon surveyed lands and
conform to legal subdivisions, no further survey or
plat shall be required, and joint entries shall be
allowed for contiguous claims, as provided m said
aet: Provided, That proceedings now pending may
be prosecuted to their final determination under
existing laws; but the provisions of this act, when
not in conflict with existing laws, shall apply to
such cases. , , ,
Sac. 11. And be further enacted, That where the
same person, association, or corporation is in pos-
session of a placer elairn and also a vein or lodo
included within the boundaries thereof, application
shall be made for a patent for the placer claim, with
the statement that it includes sueh vein or lode, and
in such case, (subjcct to the provisions of this actand
the act to amend an aet granting the right of way
to diten and eanal owners over the publiolands/and
for other purposes, approved .July 9,1870.) a patent
shall issue for the placer claim, including such vein
ordode, upon the payment of five dollars per acre
for such vein or lode claim, and one hundred feet
of surface on each side thereof. The balance of
the placer claim frhali be paid for at the rate of
02 50 per acre, and where a vein or lode, such as
is described in the second section of this act, is
known to exist within the boundaries of a placer
claim, an application for a patent for such placer
claim which does not include an application for the
vein or lode claim shall be construed as a con-
clusive declaration that the claimant of the placer
claim hasno right of possession of the vein or lode
claim; but where the existence of a vein or lode in
a placer claim is not known, a patent for the placer
claim shall convey all minerals within the bound-
aries thereof.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That the sur-
veyor general of the United States may appoint in
each land district containing mineral lands as many
competent surveyors as shall apply for appointment
to survey mining claims. The expenses of the sur-
vey of vein or lode claims and the subdivision of
placer-claims into smaller quantities than one hun-
dred and sixty acres, together with the cost of pub-
lication of notices, shall be paid by the applicants,
and they shall be at liberty to obtain the same at
the most reasonable rates, and they shall also be at
liberty to employ any United States deputy surv<*yo?
to make the survey. The Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office shall also have power to establish
the maximum charges for surveys and publication
of notices under tbi3act; and in case of excessive
charges for publication, he may designate any news-
paper published in a land district where mines are
situated for thepublication of mining noticcsiir saoh
district and fix the rates to be charged by sueh paper;
and to the end that the Commissioner may be fully
informed on the subject, each applicant shall file
with the register a sworn statement of all charges
and fees paid by said applicant for publication and
surveys, together with all foes and money paid the
register and receiver of the land office, which state-
ment shall be transmitted with the other papers in
the case to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office. The fees of the registers and receivers shall
be the same as in other cases for similar services.
But nothing in this act shall be construed to repeal,
impair, orin any way affect the provisions of the act
granting to A. Sutro the right of way and other
privileges to aid in the construction of a draining
and exploring tunnel to the Comstock lode, in tke
State of Nevada, approved July 25,1866.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hoar has expired, and according to the unan-
imous consent of the Senate given yesterday,
at the time it went into executive session, the
Senate now resumes the consideration of the
motion then pending, which was the motion
of the Senator "from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the bill (S. No. 683) authorizing mail steam-
ship service in the Gulf of Mexico.
exportation of spirits.
Mr. SHERMAN. "Without wishing to delay
that motion at all, I ask my friend from Oregon
to allow me to call up and put on its passage
a bill with which he is familiar, allowing the ex-
portation of brandy on the same conditions on
which we now allow the exportation of alcohol.
I am informed that it is important this bill
should be acted upon, and as I think it will
lead to no debate, I hope it will be passed now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I shall not object to that
bill being taken up if it does not lead to dis-
cussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
motion can be informally passed over, subject
to a demand for the regular order. If there
be no objection the Chair will entertain the
motion of the Senator from Ohio, subject to a
demand for the regular order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, then, to take op
House bill No. 2164.
The motion was agreed to, by unanimous
consent; and the bill (H. R. No. 2164) to
amend an act entitled "An act imposing taxes
on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes," approved June 20, 1868, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to amend sections fifty-four and fifty-five
of an act entitled '1 An act imposing taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 20,1868, so as to allow
the same rights of drawback of internal dufifes
on brandy and -distilled spirits exported
