1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
78
ing was to strikeout the word "said" and
insert "of tlie last," so as to read " eight hun-
dred full copies of the last annual report and
accompanying documents."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
'Che bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time and
passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask leave, without
notice, to introduce a bill in regard to matters
in New Mexico, knowing nothing ofthe merits
of the bill, and introducing it by request.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 1120) to amend an act
entitled "An act to amend an act to confirm
certain private land claims in the Territory of
New Mexico;" which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. CARPENTER also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1121) granting lmds to the State
of Wisconsin to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Milwaukee to Lake Superior, via
Green Bay, Wisconsin; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG- asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1122) to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from Vermilionville,
in the State of Louisiana, to Marshall, in the
State of Texas, there to connect with the Texas
Pacific railroad; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1123) to revive the grant of land to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Selma
to Gadsden in the State of Alabama, and to
confirm the same to the Selma, Rome, and
Dalton Railroad Company ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 2G3) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to limit the liability of ship-own-
ers,and for other purposes," approved March
3, 1851; which was. read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
SENATORS FROM GEORGIA.
Mr. STEWART. I move to refer the cre-
dentials of Hon. Henry P. Farrow and Hon.
Richard II. Whiteley, Senators-elect from the
Stiito of Georgia, to the Committeo on the
Judiciary. I believe they lie on the table at
present.
The motion was agreed to.
MRS. n. E. LEU.
Mr. McCREERY. Mr. President, in pur-
suance of notice, I offer a joint resolution for
the relief of Mrs. Robert E. Lee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky, in pursuance of previous notice,
given yesterday, asks leave to introduce the
following joint resolution 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that joint resolu-
tion will not be introduced into this body and
that leave will not be granted. The idea that
the Senate of the United States is to enter
into an investigation as to whether there is not
some contrivance by which the bones of our
soldiers can be dug up on the other side of
that Virginia stream and carried off somewhere
else, and that property given back to its late
rebel owners, is to my mind perfectly mon-
strous, and I hope the Senate will not consent
to receive or entertain scuh a proposition. I
have the highest respect for my friend ftom
Kentucky, as lie knows. He looks at it, 1
suppose, troiii a different point of view; but I
trust the Senate will not consent to enter into
any such investigation or to entertain any such
proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects to leave being granted for the
introduction of this resolution, and the question
is,, "Will the Senate grant leave?"
Mr. McCREERY. Mr. President, I sup-
pose 
Mr. POMEROY. The resolution lias not
yet been read. I have not heard it read, and
I do not know what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will te read
in full, and the Senator from Kentucky will
then bo entitled to the floor.
The Secretary read the proposed ioint reso-
lution, as follows:
Resolved hi; tie Sowfe and Home of lieprexentafiveb
of the United State* in (Join/rexx assembled. That a
joiut committee of five, two from the Senate and
three from tho House, be appointed, whoso duty it
shall be to inquire and report what real estate, if
any, belonged to the late General llobert E. Lee at
tho time he entered the confederatesorvicc; by what
right or title he held the farm and lands known as
"Arlington Ueights," and whether ho had any right,
title, or claim thereto which rendered " Arlington"
liabioto conliseation or torreituro by reason of his
participation in the rebellion. That the committee
ascertain and report whether that estate was or wag
not the properly of Mrs. Lee, formerly Miss Cuatis,
and inherited by her irom her ancestors, and whether
the title was or was not vested by law in herself apd
her children; and if so, had General Leo any rights
subject to forfeiture. If tho property was sold for
taxes tho committee shall report the amount of taxes
assessed upon it, the value ofthe property sold, who
paid and who received the money; whether a lcs3
quantity than tho whole was not sufficient to meet
the demands of Government, aud whether the sale
as mude was legal and constitutional. That the com-
mittee report what cxponditnro it would require to
put the house and farm in good repair, in order
that it may be restored to the owner or owners in
as good condition it was when the United States
Government took possession; also, what would be
a reasonable and fair compensation in the way of
rent since the occupation by the Government, as
well as for the waste that has been committed on
the premises by foiling the trees, destroying tho
orchards, or otherwise impairing the value ol tho
property. And if grave-yards have been established
on the bind, then the emutnittee shall ascertain and
report tho number of interments, on what terms a
suitable spot for a cemetery can be purchased in
the neighborhood, and the probable cost of removing
tho bodies to tho now place of sepulture. And if
improvements have been made upnn the land since
its occupation by the Government, or its agents, tho
committeo shall report upon their character and
value, and whether they were necessary and proper ;
and if of no real value to the owner and only an
incumbrance upon hei estate, then thoy phall re-
port the ostium t od or probable cost of their removal.
If the Government hold and occupy any real estate,
the title whereof was vested by law in Geneial
llobert E. Lee at tho time he entered thn confed-
erate service, the committee shall report the same.
The committee shall also ascertain and report the
amount and value of the personal property taken
by the Government or its agents from General Lee,
or from his family, and whether or no the same can
without detriment bo restored in kind, and if not,
what would be u jus>t and reasonable compensation.
If there are in any of the Departments any relics or
mementos left by George Washington to the Gustis
family, and tho same were taken from the house or
the possession of Mrs. Lee, thceoramittee will report
who is tho present custodian of such articles, and
whether any of them have been lost or damaged
while going to or remaining in said .Departments.
The committee shall take the statements of Mrs. Lee
in order to identify her property with greater cer-
tainty, to discover the extent of her losses; and they
shall report all facts neccssary to a settlement upon
the principles of substantial justice.
Mr. McCREERY. Mr. President, pre-
suming that the justice and courtesy of the
gentlemen who compose this Senate will ac-
cord fifteen or twenty minutes to me. 1 shall
proceed to submit the remarks which I had
intended to make yesterday.
The mournful intelligence of the death of Gen-
eral Lee reached us at our homes in vacation.
The melancholy tidings of the death of Gen-
eral Thomas, and the accents of sorrow in
which his surviving friends poured forth the
national grief at hie irreparable loss, were still
fresh in our recollection when we learned that
yet another of the great actors in the drama
through which we have passed had breathed
his last. These great men were natives of
Viiginia. They wereborn about the same time,
and when one of them had finished his career
a very brief period was allotted to tho other.
The God of nature had stamped tho brow ot
each with the seal of command, and He had
endowed them with faculties worthy of com-
mand. On the march and iii the battle they
had stood together. Common toil and common
danger had probably endeared them to each
other, for they appear to have been superior
to the petty rivalries which embitter the exist-
ence of inferior mortals.
But when the South raised her standard
and called upon her sons to rally in its defense*
each man had to settle the momentous ques-
tion for himself. The dignity and the strength
#f their understandings enabled them to survey
the prospect and to realize all its terrible con-
sequences. In their reflection they may have
been perplexed by doubts and almost over-
whelmed with anxieties, but their honest con-
clusions compelled their separation. Thomas-
resolved to follow the starry emblem of the
Union, while Lee resolved to stand or fall by
the State that had given him birth, with his
kith and kin ofthe South.
From the concurrent testimony of his most
intimate acquaintances, we are led to believe
that General Lee eryoyed a singular exemp-
tion from the faults and the follies of other men.
He was a stranger and an enemy to extrav-
agance, to dissipation, and to vice. The vanity
and flattery which usnally attend success could
not seduce him from propriety, while his inflex-
ible virtue could defy defeat.
" But his faults and his follies, whatever thoy were.
Be their memories dispersed like the winds of the
air."
General Lee was an American citizen, and
the American people will never relinquish the
properly which they hold in the name and the
fame of the great Virginian. His modesty and
sobriety, his spotless integrity, his virtue and
his valor, will be held up for the admiration and
the imitation of mankind as long as those ex-
alted qualities shall have a friend upon earth.
Parties and partisans should never fail to
recognize the fact that in the ranks of the
opposition hearts may beat as good and as pure
as their own. Heresy in religious faith and
treason in political action have been the cries
whenever men were to bo led by the million to
the slaughter.
When the sword is invoked the conqueror
has little difficulty in appropriating to himself
such titles as correspond, in his estimation,
with his own ellorts for the Church or the State,
and he is equally as ready to brand his adver-
sary as a heretic or a traitor. Tho sword has
less capacity to understand and decide a cause
upon its merits than any other tribunal that
has ever been known among men. Spears and
battle-axes, cannon and rifle balls, are the ad-
vocates that plead in this court, and tears and
blood and fire and famine are the costs levied
upon the litigants, Thejudgments of the sword
have not always commanded that universal
respect which might have been expected, com-
ing from a court of such enlarged jurisdiction.
The block from which the heads of Hampden
and Sydney dropped and the cord that stran-
gled Kmmett could not consign their names to
infamy. History has enrolled them among the
patriots and martyrs who ha^e died in defense
of the sacred cause of right-
War may be, for aught I know, one of the
necessities of our being. Nature itself is averse
to repose. The air that we breathe lashes itself
into fury, and the tornado sweeps over land
and sea, leaving desolation in its pathway.
The sirocco-blast of the desert buries camel
and rider in its course. The lightning leaps
from the cloud, and swift destruction follows
its fiery track. The ground upon which we
stand may be an upheaval, and the lofty mount-
ain, with its rocks and shells, may have risen
from the bosom of the fathomless ocean. It
the elements are thus liable tn commotion and
convulsion, is it wonderful that man, tite crea-
ture of passion and prejudice, of ambition,
revenge, and avarice, .should jjomet'mes fiuu
himself in onen hostility with his brother I
The right of secession aud the power of coer-
