l87i.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sec. 2. And be U further enacted, That the said Wil-
liam R. Garrison, Jam esM. Motely, Francis K. Baby,
Joseph C. McKibbin, Jacob 0. De Castro, and their
associates, shall, for the performance of the service
herein referred to, construct within eighteen calen-
dar months from the date of the contract herein
provided for, and place on said line in condition for
actnal_ service, not less than three first-class sea-
going iron steamships, which steamships shall have
been wholly constructed in the United States, and
after approved models and all modern improvements
adapted to sea-going steamships of the first class,
and shall be subject to inspection and survey by a
naval constructor, to be detailed for that purpose
by the Secretary of the Navyupon the request of the
Postmaster General, whose report shall be made to
the Postmaster General: Provided, That the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall have the right to
take said steamships for its own use in time of war
or threatened danger, either by direct purchase or
paying a sum of money equivalent to a fair interest
on the investment and for wear and tear said ships
may sustain while in the possession of the Govern-
ment; the compensation in either case to be determ-
ined by three sworn appraisers; one to be selected
by the Secretary of the Navy, one to be selected by
the within-named parties to this bill, and a third to
be selected by the two former.
SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General and the other named parties to this
contract be, and are hereby, authorized to make
such changes, adding to or leaving out such Ameri-
can or Mexican ports as the interest of the Post Office
Department ana the general intercourse of the two
countries may require: Provided further. That the
Postmaster General be, and is hereby, authorized to
pay to the within contract parties a pro rata amount
of the compensation for the first five years for any
suitable vessel or vessels as may be placed as pio-
neers on the above route prior to the commencement
of the contract service herein provided for.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said
contract shall be for a period of ten years, and shall
not involve upon the part of the Government of the
United States an expenditure exceeding $150,000
per annum for the first five years, and $100,000 per
annum for the other five years, to be paid out of
any money appropriated for the service of the Post
Office Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the substitute will be regarded as
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. Will it be subject to amend-
ment after having been agreed to in this form ?
The VICE PRESIDENT?. If it is proposed
to amend it the Chair, with the consent of
the Senate, will regard the substitute as the
original bill, and it will then be open to amend-
ment.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer that it should be
so regarded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The substitute
will be regarded as the original bill, and it
will then be open to amendment within the
furthest limits of parliamentary law.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. President, when we
adjourned yesterday I found myself in the not
very pleasant situation of having the floor by
common consent awarded me for the purpose
of discussing a bill involving to a greater or
less extent a principle that is of vital import-
ance to the commerce of the entire country.
It is a great responsibility for one so inex-
perienced in legislative matters as I am to
assume.
I heard a great many of our friends on this
side of the Chamber as well as on the other
filing a protest or a caveat against committing
themselves in any manner to the principle
involved in these bills. I desire also to file
a caveat on the question of subsidy so far as
any influence that the "lobby" may be able
to bring to bear upon me and those who, like
myself, represent that portion of the country
most vitally interested in the bill now before
the Senate. But, sir, I am willing now and
hereafter to be tried upon this question. As
I have said, I regard it as the paramount
question before us.
Mr. President, I have often noticed since I
have been a member of this body that in order
to pass a measure with the least delay, assum-
ing that it is one of real merit, it is better that
its friends occupy as little time in discussing
it as possible, deferring in that respect to its
opponents. Inasmuch, however, as this meas-
ure is set down for consideration with several
others of a similar character, involving a prin-
ciple which, I am warned by the events of
yesterday, is not looked upon with favor by
many, and one that is likely to provoke serious
discussion, if not upon this bill upon others
looking to the same end; and furthermore,
as this measure especially concerns the Gulf
States and their commercial relations with
the countries south of us, I feel justified more
than I otherwise should in considering at length
some of the distinctive features of this meas-
ure, and the beneficial results and consequences
that are likely to be attained, in my judgment,
by the passage of this bill.
I am quite willing to acknowledge the merit
of the other bills before the Senate of a like
nature ; -yet I can safely say that none of them
are of more importance, none more merito-
rious, and none more entitled to the favorable
consideration of the Senate. I fully appre-
ciate, sir, the difficulties that surround this
question, not the least of which is the great
prejudice sought to be engendered against any
measure looking to what is popularly termed
" subsidy."
Much has been said of late regarding sub-
sidy. The source of all this clamor and
denunciation, and the motives that actuate it,
I will not stop to inquire. It is difficult to
believe that such things will have any influ-
ence, at least upon those who are legislating
to promote the general interests of the coun-
try. I cannot suppose that a measure having
real merit is to be cried down by the simple
declaration that it contains a subsidy.
Now, sir, what is the definition of this term
of which we hear so much; a term which is
used as one of reproach, and intended to pro-
voke hostility to a measure? Yesterday I had
a curiosity, after the debate in the Senate on
this bill, to inquire into the definition of this
word. Webster tells us it is paying a stipu-
lated sum of money, furnishing help, or aid.
The history of legislation shows that from
the inception of the Government we have freely
appropriated money from the Treasury to de-
velop our inland and, in some instances, our
foreign commerce. We have for years appro-
priated liberally to the improvement of our
harbors and rivers; we have expended large
sums in surveying and mapping our coast, as
well as the tide and inland waters of the whole
world. Within the last two years I believe
we have sent some three exploring parties to
seek a route to divert the waters of the Orient
to our own; we have sought through Goyern-
ment aid to penetrate the Arctic and Antarctic
oceans. At the last session I voted with the
majority of the Senate for an appropriation
moved by the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Scmxer] iu aid of an exploration to the
north pole. We have appropriated money to
survey the Isthmus of Darien, and now we are
in the act, at the expense of the Government,
of exploring the Tehuantepec route. We have
appropriated millions in aid of the Pacific rail-
road, and granted unlimited quantities of land
in aid of the same and similar projects, many
of them of a local nature. There is scarcely
a State in the Union that has not been the
recipient of the bounty of the General Govern-
ment. All these manifold and, in the aggre-
gate, enormous appropriations have been made
in the interest of commerce or of science,
and all looking to the development of our
common country. But all this aid was, in
common parlance, subsidizing so many pro-
jects. It is gratifying to reflect that this sub-
sidizing, instead of retarding, has been chiefly
instrumental in developing the resources of
the country.
But for subsidy America would have re-
mained undiscovered. When Christopher
Columbus sought the aid of his native city of
Genoa she refused to listen to his petition for
aid. He failed also at Lisbon, and in poverty
and rags he appealed to the womanly kindness
of Isabella, picturing not only the glory bat
the vast wealth that would inure to Spain. His
appeal was not in vain; Europe grew rich to
suffocation from the discovered wealth; the
wilderness has given homes to millions of her
poor; a dozen empires have sprung into exist- I
ence,andyetthe mines and the soil are scarcely
broken.
And now, when our whole eonntry.is inter-
laced with railroads, many of them built by
aid furnished by the General Government, thus
opening a channel for the trade of Europe and
of the East across our continent; when our
domestic commerce has attained a high state
of development, and when we present the sorry
and humiliating spectacle of a great nation
absolutely dependent upon foreign transporta-
tion for the transmission'of her mails; when
European nations have appropriated four fifths
of the trade that of right belongs to us; when
there is not a single steamer sailing from an
American to a British port flying the Ameri-
can flag; when our ship-yards are abandoned:
when, in short, from a second-rate maritime
power we have become so feeble and so insig-
nificant in maritime prestige that there are
scarcely " none so poor'' among all the nations
" to do us reverence," and when it is attempted
to promote our commercial interests with for-
eign countries and attain somewhat of that
commercial importance and influence with
other nations that our commerce and resources
at home entitle us to, we are met at the
threshold by the cry of "subsidy," and by
those who, while opposing, take good care to
propose nothing effective to remedy this unfor-
tunate condition of affairs.
Now, what is this measure? I assert that, it
is a measure of real merit, and upon that I am
willing to stand. I confess that the chief rea-
son why I desired the vote to be taken on 'the
question of taking up this measure by yeas and
nays was to place certain gentlemen upon the
record. Let it be known in the Gulf States,
especially in the metropolis of the State that
I have the honor in part to represent, that the
Democratic party are committed against a
measure of this kind, and, sir, the most dilap-
idated fife and most inefficient drum coold
easily be heard upon the outskirts of all the
crowd of Democrats that eould be got together
in the whole State. I want these men put
upon the record. < I shall show yoo, sir, in a
short time, that before August Belmont was
made chairman of the Democratic national
committee, before they inaugurated this new
and modern policy, the Democratic party were
committed to the doctrine of subsidy, as they
call it, and voted for a bill precisely like the
bill under consideration, almost an exact copy
of it, and committed themselves to it by elab-
orate speeches.
I wish I had time to go into this subject of
the departure of the Democratic party from
their former policy upon this question of sub-
sidizing great projects. It is an illimitable
field of itself, and one prolific of good, and suf-
ficient reason, North, South, East, and West,
among all those who desire the development
of the great resources of our country, why that
party should be continued where they have been
consigned by the popular verdict of this coun-
try, that upon their tomb should be hereafter
as heretofore written by the popular verdict,
"no resurrection."
I confess, sir, that I speak with some earn-
estness. I should not have said what I have
said but for the fact that the vote recorded
to-day against taking up this bill was almost
entirely from the other side of the Chamber,
directly in contravention, as I again most pos-
itively affirm, of the most vital interests of the
South, particularly of the Gulf States, where
they expect to get their votes for President two
years hence.
Now, sir, what is this measure? Is it a step,
though never so short, in the right direction ?
Is it likely to prove effective, even to a limited
extent, in promoting our foreign commercial
relations and increasing oor foreign trade ? If
it is, I submit we can well afford to give it
countenance and support.
This bill asks for comparatively a small
postal compensation; and I use this term ia
preference to "subsidy " out of respect to the
