1871.
THE CONGKESSIQNAL GLOBE.
901
22, 1870. Mr. Blow, our present minister tro ]
Brazil, says: j
Our imports from Spanish South American repab- i
lies and the empire of Brazil in 1869 were, in round j
numbers ,    $41,600,000 ;
Exports to same  18,000,000 \
Balance against us..
$23,000,000
He says, furthermore, (and this should prop-
erly come in under another portion of the
remarks I have to make regarding the cause
of this decline in our commercial intercourse
with these countries, and the failure on our
part to secure that trade which of righ.t belongs
to us; but as I have the book before me, I will
read it here:)
" England and France have been liberal in their
subsidies to these great steamers, and during the
five years when we were driven from the ocean they
strained every nerve to establish those relations to
which I have referred, and which have resulted So
well for them and so unfortunately for us. To-day
England's exports to South America are probably
greater than her imports, and while our total im-
ports and exports may be fairly estimated for the
year 1870 at not exceeding sixty million gold dol-
lars, those of England will probably rcaeh if not
exceed one hundred and flfty million gold dollars,
and yet the bulk of the exports are articles which
we should supply." * * * " * *
" The resnect for the generous and honest charac-
ter of our Government is, I believe, common to all.
from the throne to the beggar." * * * *
"I may state, therefore, that our political system
and general prosperity are well understood in Brazil,
while the people do not appreciate our commercial
and manufacturing advantages, as they cannot com-
prehend the ability of a country which, though buy-
ing the bulk of their coffee, has but few steam or
sailing vessels in their ports, no banks and but few
merchants in their great commercial cities, and
which is content to pour a steady stream of gold into
their coffers through foreign channels."
I respectfully commend this letter of Mr.
Blow to the favorable consideration of our
Democratic friends on the other side.
As I have said, just before the war a meas-
ure similar to the one under consideration
received the attention of Congress, meeting
with more favor than any other, perhaps, be-
cause of its granting less subsidy, and because
its beneficial consequences and results were
more apparent. The subject was considered
during the last session of the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress in connection with the civil appropria-
tion bill. A report was made to the Senate
by Mr. Ward, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads. This report is so
concise and so instructive that I desire to call
especial attention to a portion of it. Mr.
Ward, then a Senator from Texas, says in his
report under date of February 15, 18o9 :
" If the effect of the proposed line''—
And let me say that the bill now before the
Senate is precisely a duplicate of the bill then
under consideration, except that it proposes
to give $30,000 more postal compensation
yearly—
" If the effect of the proposed line should result in
the increase of commerce the duties which will bo
paid on imports will very soon compensate the Gov-
ernment for the increased mail pay; and should we,
by a regular and ready communication with Mexico,
succeed in restoring our commerce from its present
dilapidated condition even to thepoint where it once
stood, the duties received will much more than
remuerato the Government for the expenditure
now advanced for mail sorvice.
" It will be seen from oar apathy toward Mexico,
and our indisposition to cultivate and extend our
commercial intercourse with her, that very much of
her trade, valuable to us, has been diverted to Eng-
land and other countries, which wo might easily
have secured, and which may yet be reclaimed."
I omit some reference that he makes to the
condition of our trade at that time with Mexico
and other countries south.
Accompanying this report was a communi-
cation from the then Postmaster General, Mr.
Aaron V. Brown, which is so full and so cor-
roborative of the reasons urged in support of
this measure that I feel justified in referring
to some extracts from it;
" Notwithstanding the proximity of Mexico, and
the special interest of this Government in everything
that appertains to and that might facilitate the
most friendly and enlarged intercourse between our
own and the people of that republic, it is well
known that for the last twenty years the commerce
between thetwo countrieshas been greatly decreas- ;[
ing, and, in fact, has dwindled down to a com- j
parati vely insignificant amount; whereas with Great ; i
Britain and other European nations it has been H
steadily increasing. This fact, it may be presumed, S
is attributable almost entirely to the policy of the ;l
British Government in protecting and supporting j!
regular lines of mail steamers, frequency, certainty, j
and regularity of intercourse between countries are 'i
the great life-springs of commerce. This it is'which >|
has given to Great Britain not only a commercial fj
greponderanee In the Mexican trade, but may, if it it
as not already done so, give her an equally sig- ;i
niScant political influence in the affairs of that !!
country." i.
After making a statement of the condition
of our trade in detail he says:
M Now, in order to divertthis trade, as above stated,
it appears to me that it can be effected in no other
way so well as by the increase of commercial and
postal facilities between the two countries. Estab-
lish such a line as the one in question, and the inter-
course and interests of the people of Mexico and
the United States will be so blended as greatly to
promote .future treaty arrangements, by which the
general commercial interests of this country may be
secured, and enable us to enjoy a commerce with
that country within a short period of thirty or more
million dollars per annum, instead of the paltry
trade wo now have." ******
"Apart from the great commercial advantages to
be derived from the establishment of this line, and
placing it strictly in a postal point of view, it is
obvious to any one acquainted with the political
relations of the two countries that the want of postal
facilities in what we should term the Mediterra-
nean of the American continent has been long and
seriously felt."
At the time that measure was under consid-
eration it was regarded by the Senate with
very general favor. Indeed, the Democratic
Senators at that time seemed to vie with each
other in approving it as most salutary and as
a measure calculated to restore our rapidly
waning trade with Mexico. Mr. Fitzpatrick,
of Alabama, and Mr. Shields, of Illinois, then
leading members of the Democratic party in
the Senate, were prominent in their advocacy
of the bill. I will not consume the time of
the Senate by reading more than a few brief
extracts. Mr. Shields said:
"Mexico will be a good market for our coarse
fabrics and a variety ot articles that are made in our
country; and my opinion is that if this line be estab-
lished it will do more to improve the revenue of this ,
country than all the lines we have established in-
that direction together." * * * * " It
strikes me that no proposition has come into the
Senate at this session that can compare with this."
44 From my knowledge of that country, its^ people
and its productions and its exports, my opinion is
that the establishment of this line will reimburse
our Treasury tenfold what it will cost the Govern- :
ment."
Mr. Fitzpatrick, of Alabama, on that occa-
sion, said:
44 There are many features of this proposition
which should commend it to the consideration of
the Senate. The proposed postal arrangement will
be a powerful auxiliary to commerce, and I am
astonished that the matter has been so long over-
looked and passed by without the notice of the Con-
gress of the United States.
44 Here is a population right at our own aoors that
receives one third of their imports from England;
and what is the reason of this? Simply because the
> Government of England keeps up a regular line of
steamers, and virtually bribes that trade into her
I own ports; and so deprives us of all the exports of
! Mexico, amounting to about twenty-eight million
j dollars. But a small proportion of that commerce
! comes to our country. , _
t *' Why, sir, it is but a drop m the bueketcompared
I with the commerce that will come into this country
I if wo establish the means to bring it here: and so far
! from its being a drain on the Treasury, I feel per-
fectly assured that, if the facilities are afforded
which I trust this provision will offer, for every dol-
lar we pay out of the Treasury we shall get ten m
return."
A gentleman who was then a Senator from
my own State, Mr. Benjamin, a great Demo-
cratic leader, while arguing in support of the
bill, said:
"We had a mail line last year to Bremen. The
Senator from Vermont (Mr. Collamer) suggests to
me that during the few years that line was in exist-
ence our importations from the ports to which it ran
were increased from three or four to nineteen mil-
lion dollars per annum. We changed our policy;
the service was subverved; the importations are
dropping off, and they are dwindling away to what
they were before."
In the same discussion the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] with his charac-
teristic liberality in promoting the interests of
the whole country without respect to locality,
and with his usual foresight as to the advan-
tageous results likely to result therefrom, also
advocated this measure. His remarks are so
forcible and to the point that I cannot refrain
from quoting them:
"Ihave devoted, during the present session, some
little time and attention to the subject of our con-
nections with tae.countries south of us on the conti-
nent; and it seems to me the>part of wisdom for the
Government of the United States to devote all its
power and all its energies to the opening of commu-
nications with all the countries south of us on this
continent. The Senator from Georgia (Mr. Toombs)
said the other day in the Cuban debate that our
India was south of us on this continent. That is so.
We hear a great deal of talk about the balance of
trade being against us in Europe. That is a mistake.
The balance of trade isin ourfavor on the continent
of Europe; but we have a balance of trade against
us of from thirty to forty million dollars annually
south of us on this continent. During the last ten
years we had a balance of trade against us in Cuba
and Brazil alone of $225,000,000, $22,500,000 annually.
"J shall vote for this proposition as a measure that
is to connect us more closely with Mexico. I shall
vote for all measures tending to conneet us with all
the nations south of us on this continent. I shall
vote for all measures that have a tendency to take
off restrictions on trade, to liberalize our commer-
cial connections, and prepare that portion of our
continent for intimate commercial, and, perhaps,
in time, political relations with us.,?—Congressional
Globe. Part 2, Thirty-Fifth Congress, second session,
page 1622.
It will be seen by the latter portion of the
Senator's remarks that at that early day he
entertained as little sympathy with the doc-
trine that this country is not constituted by
nature to have intimate political and commer-
cial relations with the tropics as he did a few
days sinee in his impromptu but happy rejoin-
der to the speech of the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Schbrz.]
Now, sir, certainly the trade of Mexico and
the countries south of us is very large and very
desirable. At one time we had a large propor-
tion of that trade, though not what we should
have had, considering our close proximity. 1
have shown that much of this trade has been
diverted from its legitimate channel, going to
other countries, mainly to Great Britain j that
while we have lost they have gained.
Now, why is it that the trade of a, neighbor-
ing republic, the principal ports of which are
within two or three days' sailing distance from
the enfrepdt to the Mississippi valley, contain-
ing twenty-two States and six Territories, with
a population of more than nine millions, with
landed estates outside of cities estimated at
more than $800,000,000, the town and city
property being estimated at more than $600,-
000,000, making a total of over $1,400,000,000,
forming a part of our mainland, our natural
neighbor and ally, why is that this great
trade, as well as the trade of the Spanish-
American republics south of us, is wrested
from us by European nations, chiefly by Great
Britain? Sir, it cannot be denied that it is
mainly owing to the settled policy of Great
Britain in granting liberal subsidies to steam-
ship companies running to North and South
American ports, subsidies (or aid, if your pre-
fer that term) which enable those companies
to put on their lines large, fast, and commodi-
ous steamers greatly superior to those that
any American line can afford, thus enabling
them to leave port and arrive with more cer-
tainty, make better time, carry more and
cheaper, procure rates of insurance much less,
and by these advantages crush competition or
make it extremely difficult and precarious.
It is this policy which has enabled Great
Britain to grasp and hold a large and lucrative
trade which belongs of right to us. In secur-
ing this trade alone, the policy of Great Brxtain
in extending Government aid to private enter-
prise is fully vindicated, as it is largely remun-
erated. Experience has shown that we cannot
compete in freights with subsidized vessels.
Did the United States and European nations
transportation would give the freight to the for-
eign vessel. The expense of an ocean steamer
