1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Illinois, if he will per-
mit him, that there are five precedents, in the
recollection of the Chair, running from the
Twenty-Second Congress to the present time,
upon this subject. Leave was refused to a Sen-
ator from New Hampshire (Mr. Hale) to intro-
duce a bill. Leave was refused to a Senator
from South Carolina (Mr. McDuffie) to intro-
duce a revenue bill. Leave was refused to a
Senator from Missouri (Mr. Benton) to intro-
duce a bill. Leave was even refused to a Sen-
ator from Missouri (Mr. Benton) to introduce
a resolution. And the first part of the twenty-
fifth rule seems to be in accordance with these
precedents—
"One day's notice pt least shall be given of an
intended motion for leave to bring in a bill or a
joint resolution;"
indicating that the notice must be given, and
then, after the one day's notice, there is a mo-
tion for leave to bring in a bill or joint resolu-
tion. Of course that motion is not put by the
Chair unless some Senator objects, as in these
cases Senators did object, and the Presiding
Officer submitted the question to the Senate.
In three of these cases at least leave was
refused.-
Mr. TP .UMBULL. I will inquire, what is
the paper that is before the Senate, 01- that is
proposed to be offered here? Is it a resolu-
tion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The resolution referred
to in the twenty-fifth rule, I apprehend, is not
of the character of that now before the Senate.
The twenty-fifth rale has reference, I suppose, to
bills and jointresolutions, technically so called,
such as require the approval of the President.
This is a resolution ''that a joint committee
of five, two from the Senate and three from
the House, be appointed, whose duty it shall
be to inquire and report what real estate," &c.
That,, I apprehend, is not a joint resolution
which goes to the President at all. As I sup-
pose, it is a concurrent resolution rather than
a joint resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If so, it would be within
the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; the rule refers to
bills and joint resolutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Illinois that this reso-
lution was sought to-be introduced yesterday,
and again to-day, under the call of the Senate
for bills and joint resolutions, not for Senate
resolutions. The Chair will also state to the
Senator that there are two kiuds of joint reso-
lutions. A joint resolution signifies the assent
of two Houses instead of one. One class of
joint resolutions requires three readings and
the assent of the President; the other class
is known as concurrent resolutions; but the
ti(le of both indicates that they require the
joint action of' both branches of Congress.
The Chair therefore thinks this must come, if
he understands the meaning of the language,
within the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not through with
the remarks which I designed to make as to
what I supposed this was when interrupted by
the Chair 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
posed the Senator was through.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not myself under-
stand that the term "joint resolution" applies
to concurrent resolutions. I suppose, accord-
ing to the distinction which has often been
recognized in the Senate, that a joint resolution
is one thing; it is named in the Constitution ;
it requires the assent of the President; but a
concun ent resolution of the two Houses relat-
ing to their own business is not a joint resolu-
tion. as I suppose, in the sense of the Consti-
tution of the United States. If it was, it would
have to he approved by him. Such lias never
been the understanding of either House of
Coiuiress. In the sense put by the President
of the Senate, that resolutions are joint because
concurred in by both Houses, everything in
reference to a committee is joint; but who ever
thought of sending to the President for his
approval a resolution of the two Houses to raise
a committee? It is not a joint resolution because
it has the concurrence of both Houses, in the
technical sense, and hasnever been so regarded. •
A joint resolution, as understood in this rule,
and as understood, I apprehend, by the Con-
stitution of the United States, which requires
all bills and joint resolutions to be submitted
to the President, is a different thing from a
concurrent resolution of the two Houses re-
lating to their business. Therefore I did not
suppose, although the Chair seems to have so
decided, that this resolution came within the
twenty-fifth rule. I was not aware of the decis-
ions which had been made, and to which the
Cliair has referred, and, of course, there is no
opportunity at this moment to look into those
precedents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Illinois has concluded that part of his
remarks in regard to joint resolutions the Chair
does not desire to interrupt him, but desires to
make a suggestion at that point. So far as
the Chair's reading of the Constitution is con-
cerned he does not remember that "joint"
resolutions are referred to in the Constitution
at all. "Bills" are referred to in section seven
of article one of the Constitution, and after
speaking of bills the third section of that para-
graph reads as follows:
"Every order, resolution, or vote to which the
concurrence of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives may bo necessary (except on a question of
adjournment)shaU be presented to the President of
the United States."
"Joint resolutions" do not, within the
recollection of the Chair, appear in those
words in the Constitution of the United States ;
but it refers to bills, and also refers to those
resolutions to which the concurrence of the
Senate and House of Representatives ma,y be
necessary. This third paragraph, as the Sen-
ator from Illinois knows, has been very much
enlarged in the construction put upon it by
both Houses, so that simple concurrent resolu-
tions, involving no legislation and binding no
one but themselves, are not sent to the Presi-
dent, although by the strict language of the
Constitution the Chair thinks they probably
might be required to be sent, the only excep-
tion being on a question of adjournment. The
practice, however, has been uniform and dif-
; ferent.
! Mr. TRUMBULL. The meaning of the
word "resolution" there used, I apprehend,
has become fixed by practice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
deems also.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ^ And the practice has
been to confine it to joint resolutions:
" Every order, resolution, or voto to which the con-
currence of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives may be necessary (except on a question of
adjournment) shall be presented to the President
of the United States; and before the same shall
take effect shall be approved by him, or, being dis-
approved by hini, shall be repassed by two thirds of
the Senate and House of Representatives, accord-
ing to the rules and limitations prescribed in. tlie
case of a bill."
That manifestly has reference to that class
of resolutions which are to have the force of a
hill and the force of law, and it has always
had that construction. I think it has been
uniformly held that the character of the reso-
lution hero specified was a resolution that
passed both Houses, not a separate resolution
of one House at all, and it, was therefore joint
in the sense that it passed both Houses, and it
was one which, as-in the case of a bill, was to
have the force of law. That is not the char-
acter of what we call concurrent resolutions.
That I suppose to be the difference between a
concurrent and a joint resolution.
I was about to remark that I did not recol-
lect the precedents to which my attention has
been called, but doubtless they have been
stated correctly. I should have liked, how-
ever, to look into the debate at that time, as
the precedents strike me as being at war with
the free proceedings of a legislative body.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has been parliament-
ary law for three hundred years.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senatorsays it has
been parliamentary law for three hundred years.
It may be so. If it be parliamentary law in
free America that men sent here to represent
the people and the States have not a right to
be heard it is time it was changed; it is high
time it was changed. If any member of this
body on his responsibility has not the right to
offer a resolution here, I think it was time we
changed the rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He has the right to offer
it. He offers it now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that the
objection is that it shall not be received. A
thing that is not received is not before the
body. I supposed that any member of this
body had a right to bring before it anything
that he thought proper upon his responsibility
to offer. I am sorry that the precedents are
the other way. The yeas and nays having
been called, I shall vote, notwithstanding
those precedents, in accordance with the views
I entertain against the proposition not to re-
ceive a resolution that is offered by one of the
members of the body unless there i3 some-
thing insulting in it. Perhaps a case might
be supposed (although it is hardly supposable
either, for it is not to be presumed that any
member of the Senate would undertake to
offer a personal insult to the other members of
the body) where the insulting character of a
proposition would justify a refusal to enter-
tain it.
Mr. CARPENTER. _ I should like to ask
the Senator from Illinois, if ho will allow me to
interrupt him, if this resolution,which proposes
to the Senate to enter upon a serious investiga-
tion of whether it will remove the slaughtered
dead from Arlington and return this farm to
its former rebel possessors, does not insult the
Senate of the United States? If it does not, I
should like to know the proposition that would
insult the Senate of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The resolution I have no
more sympathy with than has the Senator from
Wisconsin ; but it is not insulting in the sense
of a personal insult. It is offensive to the sense
of the nation, I have no doubt, and I should
unite as readily as the Senator from Wisconsin
in disposing of it very summarily. It is a mere
question with mo of whether a Senator lias not
a right to present his resolution.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of one
o'clock having arrived, the Senate resumes
the consideration of the Calendar, unless it
shall be postponed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us finish this matter.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the rule requir-
ing us to proceed with the Calendar be dis-
pensed with, to continue the consideration of
this question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in order
under the rule itself, under the clause allowing
the Senate at any time to otherwise order.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] moves
to dispense with the execution of the order for
the consideration of the Calendar until this
question shall be disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I do not
rise to make a speech, but simply to enter my
protest against even the consideration of this
resolution by the Senate of the United States.
I have heard, what I never expected to hear,
a eulogy upon the character of General Lee in
the Senate of the United States. Of " the two
great Virginians," General Thomas is passed
by with a few words, while a high-sonnding
eulogy is delivered upon the character of Gen-
eral Lee here, sir, within sight of the graves of
the victims of his rebellion. Hampden and
Sidney were the martyrs of liberty ; they were
not the martyrs of human slavery. They did
