?e
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IB,
not die for slavery ; they died for liberty. This
man, of all, wrs the greatest sinner; he sinned
" against light and knowledge." He was for-
bidden thus to sin by his revolutionary ances-
try, by the oath he had taken as an officer of
the Army of the United States, by the educa-
tion he had received, and by the high abilities
that he possessed. Sir, the enormity of his
crime cannot be concealed by strewing the
flowers of rhetoric over his grave. And it is
now proposed, sir, that we shall gravely con-
sider the proposition to desecrate the graves
of the patriotic dead, by removing them to some
other ground, in tender consideration of the
rights of the widow of the arch-rebel of the
most wicked rebellion in history!
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, it maj be that
long service in this Chamber has enabled some
Senators so to control their feelings tliat it is
deemed dignified not to give expression to
them. It may bo, sir, that it is even prudent
and that older Senators have learned that
prudence, not to attempt to give utterance to
sentiments when we feel that they are strong
ones. Sir, even at the risk of being imprudent,
I cannot refrain from giving utterance to the
sentiments which welled up in my bosom when
1 heard the opening sentences of the Senator
from Kentucky. Those opening sentences
uttered in this Chamber, coupling* together the
names of Thomas and of Lee, brought back
to my recollection the utterance of a Senator
who once occupied a seat in this Chamber, and
made at the time when Thomas and Lee were
taking their departures upon the paths that were
presented thein. Stephen A. Douglas declared
at that hour, that from that day hence there
were but two classes iu the nation—patriots
and traitors.
And, sir, another feeling arose when I re-
called that sentiment. It was this: I have
heard it uttered elsewhfere, I repeat it here,
that since the day when the sword (lamed at
ths east gate of Eden there has never been
such an exhibition of magnanimity and of
mercy as there has been by the United States
toward those who engaged in the late rebellion ;
and it was illustrated to-day, when the Senate
of the United States could sit in patience and
listen to a eulogy upon the man who on that
day started out in the path of treason.
Has it ever been, sir, that suoh a rebellion
against constituted government, carried on for
years, has terminated not simply without the
execution of a single criminal for treason, but
without even a trial for the purpose of defining
the law of treason? And has it ever heen
before that the highest legislative tribunal of
any nation has sat in patience and listened to
a eulogy upon the chief conspirator engaged
in tearing that, Government down?
If the man upon whom this eulogy has been
pronounced had been successful in the efforts
in which the laurels this day thrown over his
grave were won, where would this Senate have
been sitting? Would this be a land of freedom,
or would it not have been one over which the
dark pall of slavery would have ca&t its shadow
from the St. Lawrence to the Gulf? Should
wg be here to-day, sir, deliberating upon this
question if the man upon whom thia eulogy is
passed had been successful iu his efforts? And
now, sir, as if to add to this proposition all the
enormiiy that the proposition itself earriesupon
its face, what- is proposed? General Lee start-
ing out as the champion of the armies which
sought to establish ihe doctrine of secession ;
his property consecrated by the nation as
the burial-ground of the martyrs who fell to
seal the doctrine that our Constitution forms
a nation from which no State can secede ; to-
day on the heights of Arlington the doctrine
of secession lies buried beneath the bones
of the thousands of men who fell to seal the
covenant o; the nation; and we have the spec-
tacle to-day of a resurrectionist coming here
and reaching his hand beneath the bones of the
nation's martyrs to .Irag on! the dead doctrine
that lies interred beneath them. Shall it be
done, sir ? Can we sit in patience and listen
to such a proposition as this ? I, sir, though
a young member of the Senate, enter my pro-
test against it, whatever dignity or prudence
may require at the hands of the older mem-
bers of the body.
Mr. SAULSBUEY. Mr. President, without
indicating what would be my vote should this
resolution finally be received, I wish to state
that I shall vote for the reception of the reso-
lution, believing it to be the right of any mem-
ber of this body to introduce a resolution upon
any subject which he may deem it his duty to
present to the body.
For most of the resolution which has been
road I could cheerfully vote ; but there is one
portion of it which, according to my present
views, I could not vote for. I allude to that
portion of it which proposes to remove the
dead that lie buried on Arlington Heights.
I think, sir, the simple presentation of the
resolution is no cause for excitement. The
question is shall a member of a minority in
this body at any time hereafter be refused the
privilege of presenting and having received a
resolution which fee, according to his sense
of duty, deems it proper to offer to the body ?
That is the simple question. Whether General
Lee was a good man or a bad man, whether
the cause in which he was engaged wasagood
cause or a bad cause, does not present itself for
our consideration here to-day.
Expressing no opinion of my own upon the
merits of these questions, or as to the men en-
gaged in them, 1 have no doubt there were as
patriotic men engaged in the cause of the South,
as honorable men, as Christian men, men of as
high-toned character as any men who ever trod
American soil. 1 do not believe, sir, that, they
were guilty of treason. I believe they were
struggling for what they believed to be their
rights. Whether they weretheirrights, whether
they should have engaged in such a cause, is
not the question now before the Senate, and
should be excluded from our consideration in
determining this very grave matter, this very
serious matter—determining a question which
may hereafter, gentlemen of the majority, when
you cease to be the majority, come up to meet
you when you deem it your duty upon some
great measure to present, a resolution to the
body.
Judging, sir, from the indications of the
times, it will not be long before the political
complexion of the two Houses of Congress will
change. When that change shall take place,
as the indications of the time warrant ns to
believe it will, when we see member after
member of the majority passing away from
their seats in this body, and their places taken
by those entertaining different political senti-
ments, it may be that the precedent which you
set to-day may be visited upon you, and that
when you wish to make some inquiry into the
conduct of the incoming Administration you
may be denied the privilege of presenting a
resolution to the body.
Now, sir, precedents have been quoted, but
very few. Does a Senator in this body believe
that, the action of the Senate on those occa-
sions was right? Was it right in the Senate
of the United States to refuse to Mr. Benton
the privilege of introducing a resolution in
regard to the public revenue? Is there a Sen-
ator in this body now who would hold to such
a doctrine? If a Senator has a right to intro-
duce a resolution upon any subject which a
majority may think proper, why has he not a
right to introduce a resolution which a major-
ity may think not proper?
I shall be governed in my vote—for I do not
wish to discuss this question—by this simple
consideration: has a member of this body a
right as a Senator to offer a resolution which
he deems it his duty to .offer to the body? and
I warn the Senate now to think deliberately
before they set this precedent. When that
party to which I belon;* shall come into power,
when its members shall couitilute (and that at
no very remote period) a majority of this body,
I do not wish them to be able to find such a
precedent as this against the minority. Sir,
should I be in public life at that time, if the
minority should only constitute one member
I would give to him the privilege, or rather I
would recognize his right, to introduce a reso-
lution upon any subject which his judgment,
which his heart dictated to him was proper.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I wish to
say but a word or two. The first observation
is in relation to the parliamentary rule itself.
I heartily agree with the honorable Senator
from Delaware that any Senator has a right, to
offer a resolution or bill; but surely it is within
the legitimate power of a deliberative body to
control its own business, to determine whether
at any time it will consider new business, and
the order in which it will dispose of that already
before it; and that is all there is involved in the
parliamentary question.
Will the Senate at this time receive and con-
sider the proposition which has been offered
and explained by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky? I shall not vote to delay the con-
sideration of the current legislative business
now on our Calendar for that purpose. I do
not consider that there is any question of dis-
courtesy involved in it whatever. The Senator
has asked leave to introduce a concurrent reso-
lution and has explained it. It has been read
from the desk ; we all know what it is. 1 do
not desire to take the time of the Senate, which
ought to be devoted to the interests of the
country, for the consideration of anv such
proposition. There is nothing in the charac-
ter of the subject demanding it, and nothing in
the form in which it has been presented that
requires me to do so. Were it a memorial even
from the widow of General Lee I would receive
it. It is not a memorial. Nobody who has or
ever had any interest in the subject matter
referred to by the resolution has asked for it
the consideration of the Senate ; nor does it
come from a Senator from Virginia, the place
of residence of the widow of Lee, who are in
a certain sense the guardians iti this Cham-
ber of the interests of ail the residents of that
State; but a Senator representing another State
comes forward uninvited, as far as the Senate
is informed, by the parties in interest, and asks
the Senate to stop its business to consider a
question that is evidently very distasteful to
its members.
We are admonished, however, by the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Salisbury] that the Sen-
ator who asks leave to bring in this bill acts
with those who in a political sense are in a
minority in this Chamber; that the tables may
be soon changed; bad precedents should not
be set; that those who are now in the majority
may soon be in the minority. And then, if I
understand his argument, just such legislation
as this, however distasteful to those of us who
are in the majority, will ba forced through
Congress. I do not doubt it, Mr. President.
Whenever the people of the United States shall
so far forget their true interests as to send a
majority of members of the Senate and of the
House of Representatives of the political faith
of the author and supporters of this concur-
rent resolution, 1 do not doubt that the whole
current of legislation will be changed. The
time of Congress will be consumed in looking
after the interests of the enemies of the coun-
try instead of its friends; in devising means for
restoring to rebels and their families confis-
cated property. This is only a foretaste; it is
one proposition of a class. It contemplates the
removal of the bodies of the country's defend-
ers from their graves for the purpose of giving
the land to the widow of a rebel officer. Were
its author in the political ascendency, it, would
of course be followed by kindred propositions
to remove all rebel disabilities, all fines and
forfeitures; to repeal all laws prejudicml to
their interests; to stiike the names of the
widows and orphans of Union soldiers from
the pension-rolls, or to put the names of theirs
