'78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
posterity for three generations cannot over-
come—a debt wliich to-day is hampering the
industry of the laboring poor all over the North
and the South alike; that man of all others upon
whom the black stain of treason will rest in all
the hereafter is eulogized in the Senate of the
United States by an honorable Senator and
we are asked to inquire into the propriety of
restoring to his widow this estate, from which
the arch-rebel stole away, hurling back npon
the Senate and upon the capital of the nation,
and into the very face of the people, his con-
tempt; we are called upon to entertain this
proposition in behalf of the man who prosti-
tuted his large ability and his great office to
overthrow the Constitution of his country and
trail its flag dishonored in the dust.
We are asked to dig up the bones of the dead
who are sleeping upon the heights of Arling-
ton, and to lay them elsewhere, in order that
the woman who fled even before her husband
from the capital may come back to dwell where
our heroes fell for liberty and the nation's life.
Sir, it is an outrage upon the loyal feelings of
the country, it is an outrage upon the dignity
of the Senate, that this thing should be done.
I am against it. Let them sleep where they
are—the dead guard of the capital. I would
not say one word or make one movement that
would uncover the fires over which the ashes
of time are settling; I would do nothing to
cause a rekindling of the passions of the rebel-
lion; but when treason itself, when rebellion
itself, comes into the Senate and starts the sad
and terrible memories of the past, I think it is
due to ourselves, it is due to the loyal people
of the country, it is due to the living heroes
that fought for the Union, it is due to the dead,
that we should rise up here and indignantly
put our feet upon the pregnant purpose.
Mr. NYJG. I never expected, Mr. Presi-
dent, to witness such a scene as this, although
from the logic of events it might have natu-
rally been expected. When we consider the
rapid haste on the pari of some to restore rebels
to their privileges, the overweening anxiety
displayed to let by-gones be by-gones, and
let the past be forgotten, of which we hear so
much every day, 1 do not know but that this
proposition is in exact accord with the 11 logic
of events."
1 cherish toward General Lee the simple
feeling that he did all he could, after having
been nursed upon the besom of his country, to
destroy it. History will record him a traitor.
The testimony of the livingt.o-day records him
as a traitor; and if the countless dead could
speak, they would add their testimony to the
truth of the charge. And yet we are told by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky that
he was a hero! So was Arnold, whose name
has gone down to everlasting infamy. Why?
Because he betrayed his trust, lie was false to
his country and his flag, and the history of the
world to-day everywhere writes him a traitor.
What would havo been thought in those
ancient days, when patriotism had a new birth
and resurrection here, of a proposition to re-
store Arnold to citizenship and return to him
his property in Connecticut? Why, sir, the
person who would have had the audacity to
offer such a proposition would have been ac-
cused then of having feelings kindred with.
Arnold. I do not animate that, such is the
case here. I think tliisiesolutiou has emanated
from the over goodness of heart of theSenator
from Kentucky. But lie takes occasion to tell
us that Lee was a Christian man. Sir, I do
not know as well as I ought to know what
constitutes a Christian; but if the deeds of
Lee as recorded by the pen of the historian
make him a Christian, J do not want to be
one; and I assert here that if they are the
evidences of Christianity, 1 hope I shall never
possess it.
Sir, do the family of General Lee want
Arlington Heights ? Go, count the seventeen
thousand dead who lie there and see if the
#.roma from the graves of the patriot dead
would be pleasant in the nostrils of the sur-
vivors of Lee. Remove the bones, and yet the
scent of patriotism will bang around Arlington
still. No, sir; I do not believe that the widow
of this "Christian general," as he is called,
would be happy there.
But, sir, that is not the question. The ques-
tion is, shall we as a body join in a eulogy upon
General Lee ? Shall we as a body countenance
an effort to eulogize the man who has caused
the white stripes of our flag to be lost in the
general redness that pervaded it? I under-
stand, I think, what forgiveness is, and I crave
it as much as anybody ; but had I done what
General Lee has done; had I trailed the flag,
which I had sworn to protect underall circum-
stances, in dishonor; had I reddened the fields
of my native State with blood until the thirsty
sand cried "Enough;" had I seen countless
thousands fall by my order when bid to march
to the destructien of my country, I should not
have expeeted to be forgotten or forgiven here
or hereafter.
Sir, if there is one sin that towers above
another it is the sin of disloyalty to a good
Government, and that sin is increased and
aggravated when the acknowledged cause was
to bind the fetters stronger upon the oppressed
and to make oppression instead of liberty the
rule of government. Can the American Senate
long debate when that question is submitted to
them? Can my honorable friend by my side
[Mr. Howard] go home to Michigan and see
the vacant places around every hearth-stone in
his State and conscientiously recognize as a
Christian or a patriot the man who drenched
this country in blood and who clothed its inhab-
itants in mourning?
I do not wish to characterize things by strong
names; but, sir, I feel injured, if not insulted,
in my own person by such a proposition as this.
What did the State of Virginia do when the
brave Thomas lay down to his long sleep?
Where were the resolutions approving of his
conduct? None such have ever been intro-
duced in the Legislature of that State. What
did Virginia say when her arch-traitor died?
Eulogy after eulogy was pronounced upon him.
What is the next step? The next step is to pen-
sion the widow of this "Christian patriot;" to
tax still further the energies of a laboring, toil-
ing people to give back to his family not only
the property which the nation has purchased,
(for it was not confiscated, but purchased,) but
to give them an additional bounty, and for what ?
For treason!
Mr. President, I desire the bloody scenes of
the rebellion never to be reenaeted. How are
we to prevent their reenactment? Is it by
pampering the rebel, or is it by stamping him
with the seal of condemnation that shall be a
warning^ to future generations ? Go on with
this policy, and what is to follow? It is a
bounty for coming treason. The young man
whose pulse is nowbeating high with ambition
will say, "General Lee was honored by the
Senate of the United States that he attempted
to destroy; why may not I try the experiment?
If my property is wasted forthe moment, they
will generously return it to me, as per example
of General Lee?" No,sir; let him sleep with
himself, and let him be judged in the day of
judgment as an intelligent people have judged
him now. His rebellion was a failure, but not
for want of exertion on his part. Sir, suppose
he had triumphed, and suppose the Senate of
the nation over which he presided was sitting
here, and all his kind of people with him, do
you think any resolution would be introduced
that would offer an apology for and a eulogy
upon the lamented Wadsworth, who fell bravely
in the battle of the Wilderness, who turned his
back upon a home more luxurious than Gen-
eral Lee ever possessed, and took with him his
two living boys, all he had, and fell in the arms
of his countrymen.facing this Christian patriot,
Lee, in the battle of the Wilderness ? Sir, that
is'what I call Christianity, that girds on not
only the armor of patriotism, but of true Chris-
tian faith to battle for liberty and his country.
Sir, what would have been said of Grant or
Sherman had either of them fallen? Their
memories would have been forgotten.
I merely make these remarks to show that
we are going too fast in this thing. We are
asked to forget the past. Mr. President, the
Christian might with as much propriety be
called upon to forget the scene of the crucifix-
ion as that patriotism can forget or be made to
forget the sacrifices of our fellows in this great
struggle for freedom. More than eighteen hun-
dred years ago the scene of the crucifixion
occurred, and to-day every Christian with a
living memory turns his eyes to the cross, upon
which the blood-stains can yet be seen. But
we are asked, guarding a temple a little less
sacred than His, to forget the past and pay
tribute to those who made patriot blood run in
rivers. Sir, the Potomac literally was red;
the Uapidan and the Kappahannock wefe red-
dened with patriot blood; the very gr&und that
we are asked to give back was contested for
inch by inch. I well remember when those
works were first commenced to be thrown up
on Arlington Heights, and from the distant
woods came the shells that were charged with
death to some of the early patriot soldiers.
The rebels sought those heights to bombard
this city and destroy this Capitol, and a por-
tion of the graves are filled with the men who
fell in resisting them. Give it back ! As well
might the Christian give back the Holy Sepul-
chre ! Give it back, and into whose hands?
Into hearts and hands as rebellious as those
who fell in the cause of the rebellion.
. Now, Mr. President, I do not know what the
courtesies of the Senate may be. I hardly
ever study the printed rules; I do not like the
rules ; but there is a rule, perhaps not written
in this code, that governs us, which is the rule
of propriety, the rule of right. Now, is this
such a case? Is it right here, in the Amer-
ican Senate, to eulogize the rebel dead? Is
it right here to ask that the bones of the patriot
dead shall again be disturbed to make room
for the widow of General Lee?
Mr. President, I said once before, and I
call it to mind now, that this land is a collec-
tion of cemeteries; it is, I may say, a Mecca
to which thousands go; and you never go there
but what you see a mother, or a sister, or a
brother, or a father, standing at the head or by
the side of some grave ; and they do not forget
the past, for the quickening tears welling up in
the fountain of their loving memories bring
back recollections of those who are gone. I
think it is a good Mecca for us to go to, and,
when our faith is staggered and our zeal grows
less, let us go and renew our faith at the graves
of the patriot dead. Sir, there are forty and
five thousand dead lying around this city to-
day, and their average ages are not twenty-
four years. What a hecatomb of youthful
bone is reared to the defense of this capital!
Their graves should be as sacred to this people
as the Constitution under which we live ; and
if there is a Senator who does not feel that
sacred dust is deposited there his heart does
not beat in unison with the nation.
Disturb these dead, and for what? To make
room for a traitor's widow. Disturb these
dead, and what for but to gratify a morbid
taste, to cater to the spirit of disloyaltv that
has been and is yet abroad? No, sir ; I would
strike a circle around that place as sacred as
is described by Richelieu, and whoever invaded
it I would hurl the curse of this nation against
him. There, sir, is the sacred spot; there are
the country's jewels laid away as mementos,
and there they shall be forever.
Will the Senate consider this question ? Will
it gravely deliberate upon the question whether
twenty thousand dead shall bo removed as a
matter of courtesy? Away with it! Away
with it!
Mr. President, the consideration of such a
proposition is an indorsement of treason by
the nation. It is an apology for treason which
