1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
those concerned in it most seek. I protest
against it, Mr. President. Never till the Mis-
sissippi runs from the Belize to St. Paul, never
till it changes its course, should the bodies of
these patriot dead be disturbed. And I await
the time alluded to by the Senator from Dela-
ware ; it will be fitting then; but until that
time comes, let it not be said that a patriot
Senate have consented to such a deed.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, I think
it unnecessary to offer an apology for pre-
suming to discuss this subject further to-day,
because to me it is a subject of no light import.
The resolution before the Senate, in my opin-
ion, is of great magnitude. It presents to the
Senate, and through it to the nation, a ques-
tion paramount to all other considerations at
this moment. I simply ask whether "the great
war growing out of secession was correct? If
it was not, as has been so clearly held by this
nation, the resolution can be easily disposed
of. If it was correct, the resolution should be
entertained and should be indorsed. But, sir,
can the nation afford to take that step at this
time? Certainly it cannot. What is the nature
of this eulogy ? What precedent is thereby
established should it be indorsed ?
It has been said ably, finely, and ingeniously
that General Lee was a Virginian. George H.
Thomas was likewise a "Virginian. But the
suggestion is that because Lee was a Virginian,
when the tocsin of war was sounded he was
required to withdraw his allegiance from the
great nation of which he was a member and to
declare for his native State. No excuse what-
ever is made; not a fragment of one is pre-
sented.
I, too, sir, claim to be a native of the proud
old State of Virginia; I love the name, and
when the great issue was presented I had to
decide for the one or the other. There were
no moments of hesitation; I cast my lot with
the nation. 1, sir, was not allied to the immor-
tal Washington, or to his name remotely, save
that I was an American and a Virginian. The
formerly fond name of Lee is presented here;
its possessor was known to be nearly related
to the great name I have just mentioned. _ In
thai, much was given and much was required
of him upon that great occasion. He should
have stood up firmly and maintained the rights
and integrity of the nation until the very last
moments of time allotted by the God of nature
to him. Instead of that, he by his course was
looked upon and claimed as an indorsement
of the "sacred cause" of secession; he was
the great leader in it, he the relative, the imme-
diate connection of the mighty Washington!
And thus it was that thousands and thousands
of young minds were lured. They were led
away from the uath of rectitude and patriotism
and followed the flag of Lee, the great traitor
of the land; for such he was, and nothing else
can he be considered.
Now, sir, a resolution is presented to honor
him ; it is ingeniously done, and it has sprung
from a source that is able so to produce it, and
I compliment the gentleman l'or his ability.
But in that is there an allusion to the great
traitor Davis? Davis is yet living; lie is not
disposed of; and if this precedent be setit may
resolve itself at an early period into the election
of such a man as he to be President. Indorse
this action upon this occasion, immortalize the
traitor Lee, and what do you do with his leader,
Davis? Why, sir, it is a eulogy on him, not
directly but indirectly and ingeniously; and, for
one, I protest against it. I am opposed to the
name of L>=e being brought here in_ this con-
nection. The day was when I loved it. I love
it now when I look into the history of my coun-
tiv. It was a great and a fond name in the
early period of my native State, in her conven-
tions and her legislative halls. But, sir, a great
error was committed, a mighty crime was per-
petrated by the Lee who has so recently died.
The distinguished Senator from Nevada has
alluded to the attempt to raise an issue as to
his religion. And that Senator has said that
if Lee was a Christian, such a one as he was
the Senator would dislike to be. I do not go
exactly that length ; I am for Christianity un-
der any and all circumstances, and I will take
it as best it may be had. But, sir, when he
hauled down the flag of the Union and hoisted
that of the confederacy it did not look to me
as if there were evidences of Christianity in
that act. But, sir, as the poet says—
" While the lamp holds out to burn
The vilest sinner may return."
He may have returned. I most earnestly
hope he did. But that is with him and his
God; it is nothing for us. But in this matter
we are to consult the interests of the nation,
and we must look to precedents. With all the
magnanimity we can invoke—and I am grati-
fied to know that it is evidenced here most
clearly and unquestionably on the part of the
Senate in its action in sitting patiently by and
hearing the reading of a resolution which is
brought here manifestly for the purpose of
glorifying a traitor—the fact that wo are dis-
posed to be magnanimous does not necessarily
make the matter ofthe resolution, aspresented,
correct. In my opinion, it is incorrect. Sup-
pose, for argument's sake, that the dead sol-
diers who immortalized themselves dying glori-
ously and patriotically in the defense and for
the perpetuation of this blessed Union should
be undertaken to be ^removed from where they
now solemnly repose, would not that act in
itself be a revolution ? It would be a revolu-
tion in the minds of the civilized portion of
the whole United States; and what would the
next action be ? The next action would be,
perhaps, that Davis, or some one of his caliber,
would find himself placed in power, and the
result would be, instead of disinterring and
removing the bones of some twenty thousand
dead soldiers, to open up the pension-rolls of
the land to receive perhaps half a million, or
untold numbers, from the armies of the rebel-
lion. I have no idea that anything of that
kind is immediately upon us; but let this pre-
cedent be established at this day, and we know
not what may follow. This nation cannot afford
to indorse 3uch a precedent, and I am entirely
opposed to the resolution in every sense.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, being called
to vote on the pending motion, I desire to say
that I wish on this occasion to apply the par-
liamentary law in its strongest form. Whatever
rigors it may have against propositions inop-
portune or offensive in character should be
applied now, or they should never be invoked
again; for never in this Chamber before was
there similar occasion for what I have called
the rigors of parliamentary law. Therefore
shall I vote for the most summary proposition
to dispose of this resolution.
Beyond this, perhaps, there is no occasion
for remark, especially when I consider how
eloquent Senators have already characterized
the proposition and the traitor whom it seeks
to commemorate. I am not disposed to speak
of General Lee. It is enough to say that he
stands high on the catalogue of those who have
imbrued their hands in their country's blood.
I hand him over to the avenging pen of History.
But there is one practical remark that I
would make. I would call the attention of the
Senate to the character of this proposition in
another aspect. We all know the political
associations of the honorable Senator who has
introduced it. May we not regard this reso-
lution as showing the sentiments of his asso-
ciates? Does it not prefigure the policy that
they would establish should they obtain power
in the government of the country, as threat-
ened by the Senator from Delaware, as threat-
ened by -other Senators and by other asso-
ciates of those Senators ? Do we not see here
the policy that would be established—a policy
which is to take the old rebellion by the hand;
which is to install it in the high places ot
power, in the Executive Mansion, m these
Halls of Congress ? , ,
Now, sir, could I make my voice heard trom
one end of this country to the other, from
Massachusetts to Louisiana, it would be to warn
against that political combination which shows
its hands now in the proposition of the Senator
fromKentucky. Take warning, I would say to
my fellow-countrymen everywhere, not only at
the South but at the North, but especially at
the South, that the political party with which
She Senator is associated, should it obtain power
in this nation, will establish the policy of which
his resolution is the representative. That is
the practical remark I have to make.
There is a fact which I think I ought to eon-
tribute to this debate. It so happened that I
was with the late Mr. Stanton when he made
the order for the burial of our patriot dead on
the grounds of Arlington. He mentioned it;
disclosed to me his reason. He said he meant
to bury those dead there in perpetual guard
over that ground, so that no person of the
family of Lee should ever dare to come upon it
unless to encounter the ghosts of those patriots.
It was in that spirit that that ground was set
apart. Now, as I understand, it is proposed
to take up those remains and to give over the
ground to the family of the traitor.
My friend by my side [Mr. Nye] has already
used an expression which I think was a happy
inspiration, when he said that those dead lying
there were as sacred as the Constitution itself.
I think he was right. We may as well disturb
our sacred text as disturb their remains. Over
every grave are written words of warning. Do
you remember, sir, in some respects the most
memorable epitaph ever written, that over
the remains of William Shakspeare? It is as
follows:
" flood l-Vicnd I for Jesus' pake forbear
To dig t,bft (lust inclosed here. *
Blest be the man that spares these stones; •
And cursed be ho that moves my bones."
For two centuries and a half those words
have guarded the sacred remains of England's
greatest poet. I write them now over the grave
of every one of our patriot dead. May they
continue for centuries to come to guard their
remains.
Mr. McCUEERY. Mr. President, if I were
to attempt to answer all the arguments that
have been advanced against my resolution a
very short time would be required. There has
been a strange misapprehension on the part
of Senators as to the aim and object of this
resolution. It is not a question of loyalty or
disloyalty; it is not a question as to whether
the soldiers of the confederate army are to be
entered on the pension-rolls of the United
States; but it is simply an inquiry touching
the rights of property and an effort to secure
to a lady that which rightfully belongs to her.
Much vituperation has been indulged in on
this floor; and there were a few remarks made
by a gentleman for whom I have always enter-
tained great respect, in which I thought he
ascribed the character of a traitor to myself.
I allude to the amiable Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson.] He assures me,
however, that he did not use such an epithet in
reference to myself. I of course accept the
explanation.
I would remark, Mr. President, that I intro-
duced this resolution of my own will, without
consultation with any colleague upon this floor.
I am responsible for every word of the resolu-
tion and for every sentiment that I uttered in
opening this debate. If a wrong has been
done I am the author; 1 am responsible to this
body, to my constituents, to the country, and
to God for the honesty of my intentions. If I
do differ with gentlemen as to the proper mode
to be pursued, if it is my opinion that the whole
American people should be treated as one
family, and that equal and impartial justice
should be dealt out to all, my opinions may
differ widely from others, but they are no less
honestly entertained.
Several of my Democratic colleagues desire
me to withdraw the resolution. I introduced
it to obtain a practical end. In view of the
wishes of my friends, and of the fact that the
