80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
tone and temper manifested by the Senate de-
stroys all hope of a favorable result, and not
wishing to prejudice what I regard as the rights
of MrS. Lee! I now withdraw the resolution.
" Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. PATTERSON
rose.
r Mr. PATTERSON. Will the Senator from
Kentucky allow me to say one word?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Semjtprfrom
Vermont has risen for some purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS, I rise for the purpose of
objecting to the withdrawal. The yeas and nays
have been ordered, and I think it well now to
take the sense of the Senate on the propriety
of the proposition. It is not competent to
withdraw the motion now that the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The rule of the
Senate prohibits the modification or with-
drawal of propositions after the yeas and nays
have been ordered on them.
Mr. EDMONDS. The tenth rule.
_The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects to the withdrawal of the res-
olution.
Mr. PATTERSON. My friend from Ken-
tucky entirely misunderstood me if he supposed
that I meant to attribute to him the term "trai-
tor" in any sense. When I spoke of treason
coming into the Senate I merely designed to
say tlijit the treasonable spirit of the late rebel-
lion was now attempting to steal the livery of
a very honest resolution to serve the devil of
treason and rebellion in, and that this propo-
sition to dig up the dead who were sleeping as
a sort of guaidiari spirit over the capital of the
country on tlie heights of Arlington I regained
as treasonable in its character, so far as it was
instigated by the South.
• The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so un-
derstood the Senatorfrom New Hampshire, and
it came within the parliamentary law laid down
in Jefferson's Manual. The Chair did not
understand him to impute treason to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, which would be unparlia-
mentary.
Mr. McCREERY. I will simply remark
that the scope of the resolution was a simple
inquiry into the right of property : whether this
property belonged to Robert E. Lee, or whether
it was the property of his widow, inherited by
her from her ancestry. Loyalty or disloyalty,
as I conceive, has nothing to do with the scope
of this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read to the Senate the latter part of the tenth
rule, which states:
"Any motion may be withdrawn by the mover at
any time before a decision, amendment, or ordering
of tho yeas and nays, except a motion to reconsider."
As the yeas and nays have been ordered on
this proposition, it cannot be withdrawn under
the rule.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, as the Senator
from Kentucky is not allowed to withdraw his
resolution, I will make a suggestion to him
which perhaps may dispose of it.
A resolution has been introduced here to re-
lieve all the rebels of the South from their dis-
abilities incurred under the fourteenth amend-
ment. That resolution, wo have had notice, will
be called up on Thursday next. Inasmuch as
that relates to the same subject in effcct that
this one does, I think, as the Senator from Ken-
tucky is a lawyer, he had better move to con-
solidate the two sets of resolutions and have
them tried together. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it is very
difficult to deal with a resolution of this char-
acter—a resolution so repugnant to the feel-
ings f. f patriotic Senators that there is danger
of failing into a mode of proceeding that may
bo embarrassing hereafter.
The resolution offered by the Senator from
Kentucky has been denounced in very strong
terms; it was repulsive to the sense of most
Senators, unquestionably; but the suggestion
which I made in regard to it some time ago
was th^t the better way was not to refuse to
receive it. I would have preferred to meet
the resolution and reject it. I should like to
have seen a unanimous vote (with the excep-
tion, of course, of the Senator from Kentucky)
rejecting it or laying it on the table. I did not
wish it to have any significance by attaching
to it a right which might be thought by some
to pertain to every Senator; and therefore I
thought tlfe better way we.s to reject the reso-
lution, or lay it upon the table, and not raise
this question of reception.
I recollect how these questions of object-
ing to the reception of papers were received
by the country i* old pro-slavery times. I re-
member when in the House of Representatives
petitions of a certain class could not be pre-
sented. The sacred right of petition under the
Constitution was trodden down because per-
sons thought proper to petition for objects not
acceptable to the then majority. I think they
who objected to the reception of petitions only
gave the petitioners increased power. The
sacred right of petition became identified with
the matter prayed for; and now by adopting
a rule in the Senate not to receive a resolu-
tion offered by a Senator, I thought we should
be giving a significance and importance to the
resolution that it would not otherwise possess
and that it does not deserve.
This whole debate, in my judgment, is en-
tirely out of order. I have looked at some of
the precedents—1 suppose some of those to
which the Chair referred—and I find that the
question was raised on these oceasionswhether,
on asking leave to introduce a bill, the bill was
debatable, and it was decided that it was not.
This whole debate, then, is out of order.
Now, if the Senator from Kentucky has
been guilty, as the Senator fiom Wisconsin
[Mr. CAiirK.vteit] intimated, and the Senator
from West Virginia [Mr. Wii.lky] seemed to
suppose, of doing and saying things insulting
to the Senate, then he should have been
^stopped, and this debate should not have
been allowed to go on. But I thought, Mr.
President, that, any Senator had a right to
offer a resolution. What should be done with
it is another question. It, has been discussed
here as if somebody wanted to consider it and
deliberate about it. I did not. After it was
read here—that was the offering of it—I would
have disposed of it at once by laying it on the
table, to lie there forever, without debate. I
think that would have been a better disposi-
tion of it,. However, the debate went, on, and
the question now is, how are we to vote on this
question of reception?
We have been referred to the twenty-fifth
rule. I wish to say that if Senators wiil look
at the twenty-fifth rule they will see that it has
nothing whatever to do with this resolution.
I will read it :
" One day's notice, at least, shall bo given of an
intended motion forleavo to bring in a bill or joint
resolution; and all billsimdjointresolutionsrepoFtcd
by a commit tee shall, after the first reading-, be printed
tor tile use of theSenate, and also all reports of com-
mittees, unless otherwise ordered.''
The Senate sees that this refers to joint res-
olutions which have three readings, not to a
resolution to raise a committee, such as this
is. This resolution has but one reading. It
is a resolution to raise a committee, a joint
committee; it is not to be read three times,
and th£ twenty fifth rule refers to resolutions
that require three readings. The Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] intimates that this res-
olution has to be read three times. I submit
that resolutions to raise joint committees arc
not read three times in each House ; they are
read but once, and therefore the twenty-fifth
rule has nothing to do with them. I have not
had time to look through all the precedents,
and there may possibly be some which go so
far as to decide that a "Senator has not a right
to offer a resolution, and that the question of
reception may be raised upon it; but I havb
found none such.
The cases that I have found a re cases of bills.
One was the case of a bill offered to be intro- [,
dqced by the Senator frotft Massachusetts to
repeal the fugitive slave law. The Senate re-
fused to receive it. Another was a bill offered
by a Senator from New Hampshire, Mr. Hale,
on a cognate subject, I think, and the Senate
refused to receive that. Another case was that
of a bill offered by Mr. Benton, having some
reference, I think, to the construction of a
national road. These are the only cases to
which I have been able to turn. The Senate,
I think, would not decide that way now. Sec
how this rule was used in the olden time, to
refuse to allow the Senator from Massachusetts
to introduce a bill to repeal the fugitive slave
law of 1850, which half the people of this coun-
try always believed to be unconstitutional!
Shall we indorse to-day the action of a pro-
slavery Senate twenty years ago in refusing to
receive a bill to repeal the fugitive slave act?
We are now brought to this position: the
Senator from Kentucky offers a resolution, and
after it has been debated for several hours, he
very properly—and I am glad that he does it—
asks leave to do, what? To withdraw it. The
Senator from Vermont says, "No; you shall
not withdraw it; " but the Senator from Ver-
mont a moment ago said, "The Senate will not
receive it.'' We have not received it. The
Senator from Vermont says it is not in the
Senate, and the Senator from Kentucky can-
not get it, either. Now, where is this resolu-
tion ? Is it in the heavens above, or the earth
beneath, or in the waters under the earth.
Mr. BDMLTNDS. May I ask the Senator
a question, with his permission ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sure I do not know
where my friend is, and he will not know, him-
self, if he goes on much longer. What, I objected
to the withdrawal of was the motion of the
Senator from Kentucky, which is the proposi-
tion before the bydy. If my friend from Illi-
nois understands, as I do not doubt that he
does, the difference between a motion and the
resolution to which the motion applies, then
he will observe that the question before the
Senate is the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky for leave to bring in this resolution. On
that the yeas and nays have been ordered. Now
after debate the Senator from Kentucky asks
to withdraw that motion, which is the pending
question, which the rule says he shall not, do,
and which I am glad the rule so determines.
That is thp question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, Mr. President, I
suppose the suggestion of the Senator from
Kentucky was to withdraw his resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He cannot do that; it, is
not hero.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not here! He has
it in his pocket then? It is not before the
Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. His motion is before the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did he make a motion ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is pretty difficult to
separate'a motion from the resolution or feill
with which it is connected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not see that difficulty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the motion?
He moves what? For leave to bring in some-
thing. Then if you take away that something,
he moves what? He moves for leave to bring
in nothing. Is that it? The Senator from Vcr°
montsayshe has got his paper; that is not here ;
but his motion is left without anything to attach
it to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes. sir.
Mr. IRUMBULL. This is very much in
confusion, and I think it would have betui much
better originally to have laid the proposition
on the table—rejected it summarily when it
was first presented.
_ Mr. DAVIS. I inquire of the Chair what
is the question before the Senate?
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of the Senator's colleague for
leave to introduce a joint resolution.
