1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
yesterday been called since 1869. It was
called once last session, but was cut off imme-
diately by a request being made to take up
an appropriation bill. I ask, therefore, of the
House, knowing very well that all the business
which has been matured by the committee can-
not be presented during this morning hour, that
Thursday evening of next week be assigned
to the committee for action upon its further
reports.
Mr. RANDALL. I object absolutely ; and
if I can have an opportunity I will tell the
gentleman the reason.
The SPEAKER. The objection is sufficient.
COLLECTION OF JUDGMENTS.
Mr. HOTCHKISS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No.
2908) to facilitate the collection of judgments
in favor of the United States, and for other
purposes.
The bill was read in full.
Mr. JUDD. I desire some explanation of
that bill.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I cannot give it, because
it will cut off the hearing. I cannot permit
any debate upon it. If I do, it will take up too
much of the morning hour.
Mr. JDDD. I desire to say to the gentle-
man that this is not, as suggested, a local bill,
but reaches all the courts of the United States
and changes the whole practice in cases of
insolvency.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I move to recommit the
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What is the
use of recommitting it?
Mr. COX. Why does not the gentleman put
it upon its passage? It is a good bill.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Very wellthen; I with-
draw the motion to recommit, and move the
previous question on the bill.
The question was put on sesonding the pre-
vious question ; and no quorum voted.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. 1 am obliged to with-
draw the report, or it will take up the whole
morning hour. I move that the bill be recom-
mitted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted to the
committee; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN INDIANA.
Mr. KERR, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2925) to amend an
act entitled "An act to require the holding
of additional district and circuit courts of the
United States in the district of Indiana, and
for other purposes," approved June 30, 1870,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that section
seven of the act to which it is amendatory shall
be amended by adding thereto the following
additional proviso:
And provided further. That a deputy clerk for each
of said additional clerks shall be appointed in the
manner aforesaid as soon as practicable after the
passage of this act, and that such deputy clerk for
the additional courts to be held at New Albany shall
reside and keep an office at the said city, and that
such deputy Herk for the additional courts to be
held at Evansville shall reside and keep an office at
the said city, and that they shall respectively keop
atsaid places full reoords of all actions and proceed-
ings in said additional courts respectively, ana shall
have the same power to issue all process from saw
additional courts that is now enjoyed by the clerks
of other district and circuit courts of the United
States in like eases.
The second section provides that all actions
over which said district and circuit courts have
jurisdiction respective!)*, under existing laws,
may be instituted in the said additional district
and circuit courts respectively, in the first
instance by filing the proper pleadings or other
papers in the office of the deputy clerks per-
forming the duties of clerks of said courts
respectively} and that all proper and lawful
process shall issue therefrom as from other dis-
trict and circuit courts of the .United States
in like actions, cases, and proceedings.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, this bill I offer
as a substitute for the original bill introduced
by ray colleague, [Mr. Niblack.] It has the
unanimous approval of the committee-aud of
my colleagues on both sides of the House. It
creates no new offices, pays no additional sal-
aries, will lead to no extra or special expense
beyond existing laws. Its sole aim is to ren-
der effective and useful the act enacted by
Congress and approved June 30, 1870, and to
make its terms and objects more clear and
specific. The latter act has been so construed
as to prevent the permanent organization of
clerks' offices at New Albany and Evansville,
and the institution of actions in the Federal
courts at those places, and to require all actions
to be commenced in the first instance at the
city of Indianapolis, and that all process shall
issue out of the clerk's office of the court at
the latter city, and that, after actions have been
so instituted and have proceeded in the courts
at the latter city to issue, then they may be
removed to the courts at New Albany and
Evansville, respectively, for trial. It will be
seen at a glance that this construction substan-
tially defeats the objects of the present law, and
makes this bill indispensable. I hope it will
be passed without objection or further delay."
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SCHOOL LANDS IN OREGON.
Mr. KERR, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution (H. R. No. 487)
relative to school lands in the State of Oregon;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States ofAmericain Congressassem-
bled, That Congress hereby assents to the application
of the five hundred thousand acres of land granted
to the State of Oregon by the act of Congress approved
September 4,1841, to the support of common schools,
as provided in section two, article eight, of the
constitution of said State: Provided, That nothing
herein shall influence the construction or effect of
the act admitting said State into the Union as to
said application.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, this joint reso-
lution is designed to harmonize_ the laws of
the United States with the provisions of the
constitution of Oregon in reference to the par-
ticular manner adopted by the people of
Oregon for the investment of the school funds
of that State, arising from the proceeds of the
sale of the lands donated by the United States
to that State under the act of September 4,
1841, entitled "An act to appropriate the
proceeds of the sales of'the public lands and
to grant preemption rights." (See 5 Statutes-
at-Large, page 453.) , , . Pl , .
The disposition proposed by the State ol
Oregon violates in no sense the spirit of the
originaldonation or gift. It secures the pro-
ceeds and advantages to arise from the gift to
the interests of education in Oregon. The
purpose of this resolution is simply to approve
the mauner prescribed in the constitution,
which reads as follows :
Article VIII.
" Sec. 2. The proceeds of all the lands which have
been or hereafter may be granted to this State tor
educational purposes, (excepting the lands hereto-
fore granted to aid in the establishment of a uni-
versity;) all the moneys and clear proceeds of all
property which may accrue to the State by escheat
or forfeiture; all the moneys which may he paid as
exemption from military duty, the proceeds of all
gifts, devises, and bequests made by any person to
the State for common-school purposes: the Proceeds
of all property granted to the State where the Pur-
pose of such grant shall not be stated? all the pro-
ceeds of the five hundred thousand acres of land to
which this State is entitled by the provisions of an
act of Congress entitled "An act to appropriate the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands and to give
preemption rights," approved September 4.1841, ahel
also the five per cent, of the net proceeds of the sales
of the public lands to which this State shall be-
come entitled on her admission into the Union, (if
Congress shall consent to such appropriation of the
two grants last mentioned,) shall be set apart as a
separate and inviolable fund to be called the com-
mon school fund, the interest of which, together
with all other revenues derived from the school land
mentioned in this section, shall be exclusively ap-
plied to the support and maintenance of common
schools in eaeh school distriot and the purchase of
suitable libraries and apparatus therefor."
I think every member will at a glance be able
to approve this dedication by Oregon of the
proceeds of these lands. This resolution will
express the consent of Congress to the section
I have read from the constitution of that State,
I ask the previous question on the joint
resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JURORS OF UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. KERR, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 2926) to amend an
act entitled "An act defining additional causes
of challenge, and prescribing a valid oath for
grand and petit jurors in the United_ States
courts," approved June 17, 1862; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering tlie bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
act above entitled shall be amended so that its
provisions shall hereafter apply only to petit
jurors in the courts of the United States in
cases in which the United States shall be a
party in name or interest.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and beipg.engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOUTHERN RAILROAD CORPORATIONS.
Mr. MERCUR, from the same committee,'
reported back, with a substitute, House bill
No. 996, to provide for the collection of debts
due from southern railroad corporations, aud
for other purposes.
The SPEAKER. If there shall be no ob-
jection the substitute only will be read, and
will be treated as an original bill.
Mr. ARNELL. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill and sub-
stitute both will be read.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that no claim shall be entertained by any
officer, or Department, or branch of the Gov-
ernment, in favor of any railroad or railroad
company in any of the States lately in rebel-
lion ; or in favor of any such State, for the
use of any such road, rolling-stock, or other
property, by the Government, nor for any dam-
age inflicted by the United States military
forces on such railroad, rolling-stock, or other
property, nor for any property taken from any
such railroad or railroad company, nor tor the
transportation of troops. Government prop-
erty, or passengers, or mails, for any portion
of time during the late rebellion or prior to
the restoration or return of any road to the
original owners thereof after the cessation ot
hostilities. The Second section provides that
all railroad companies indebted to the United
States for railway rolling-stock and material
purchased upon the terms and conditions of
