1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
I move to lay that motion upon
I hope not. It is not
The motion is
Mr. DAVIS
I he table.
Mr. EDMUNDS.
debatable', however.
The VICE PRESIDENT.
not debatable.
Mr. BAYARD. If my friend from Kentucky
will withdraw that motion to allow me to say a
few words I will renew it again.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly; I withdraw it.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, when I came
to this city, a year ago from last March, one of
my first visits was to the cemetery at Arling-
ton. I had never before visited that great
sepulcher of my fellow-countrymen ; and as I
stood there and saw the myriad graves in their
long rows fading away in the distance, I am not
ashamed to say that my sight grew dim and
my eyes misty when I thought of the sufferings
civil war had brought to my countrymen.
"Rebel," as you term them, and "Union"
soldiers, as you term them, lay there together
i n their long last sleep, and were at peace ; and
I almost envied that sleep if it brought the
peace which seems from this debate to be
to-day so far from the hearts of those who
survive them.
Sir, it pleased the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] unfairly and dis-
ingenuously, and for partisan purposes, to seek
to fix the individual action of a Senator on this
floor upon those whom he supposed to be polit-
ically associated with that Senator. He would
seek now, as in the past, to create a party in
this country founded upon the animosities and
the hatreds of the inhabitants of the several
sections. Sir, he has no justification whatever
for asserting that that party, which is the only
truly national party in the country, can have
sympathy in aught that would tend either to
perpetuate unkind feeling between the living,
• or be otherwise than respectful to the memory
of the dead.
Why, sir, the very feelingthat any American,
come he from the North or the South, the East
or the West of our broad land, must have in
visiting the heights at Arlington, must be that
there is one of the cemeteries of the nation,
and that it would be impossible to change the
character of that ground or contemplate its
dedication to any other use. The thing cannot
be thought of, sir; it cannot be considered.
"The perishing dead who are past all pain"
are there ; they occupy the land; and surely
there is " ample room and verge enough " left
for those of us who are living to wander and
occupy elsewhere, without dreaming of dis-
turbing that repose which in a little time we
all must seek, and the general sense of human-
ity instructs us to respect.
Now, sir, this resolution offered by the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, be has affirmed
to yon, was offered upon his sole, individual re-
sponsibility. Wisely or unwisely, rightly or
otherwise, it was his own conscientious work,
and, like the true man he is, he has stood here
and avowed it. I had never heard, nor do I
believe had any other gentleman upon this
floor, excepting the honorable Senator from
Kentucky who himself presented this resolu-
tion, that it was to be offered. I had never
heard, nor was I in any degree aware of its
purport or tendency. It struck me at first, as
it does now that I have heard^ it read, that
every question contained in it is proper for
only judicial inquiry, and such as a legislative
body has nothing properly to do with. There
is no question involved in the resolution which
is not fit for the cognizance of a court of jus-
tice, and which properly might npt take_ the
form and shape of a legal plea in a suit at
law. What, therefore, have we in our juris-
diction to do with matters belonging to a sep-
arate and independent branch of our Govern-
ment? For that reason, I should not vote for
any portion of the resolution ; and for that
other portion, suggesting the propriety or the
right of removing the bones of our dead sol-
diers from the place where they sleep, I can
41st Gong. 3d Sess.—No. 6,
only say that I know of no man whom I rep-
resent who would for a moment sanction the
idea.
Now, sir, it will not do upon an occasion of
this kind, because Senators express themselves
naturally and strongly in words Jieated by the
memory of the scenes of revolution through
which our country has lately passed, for gen-
tlemen'to attempt to turn that which they would
have the country believe to be the sacred tide
of patriotic feeling to the poor and the low
purpose of a miserable partisan object. They
cannot fix upon the great party who have been
assaulted here by the Senator from Massachu-
setts and others anything that is unworthy or
unpatriotic. Sir, the attempt will fail, as other
slanders have failed. Such charges cannot
truthfully or justly be made, and must recoil
upon those who so basely attempt to misuse
the honest impulses of the great heart of the
American people to turn the petty wheels of
party managers.
Had I been consulted these resolutions never
would have been presented. I think this body
is not the proper one to try the questions sug-
gested by them, and there is the one question,
so harped on and dilated upon with such cheap
and easy eloquence and abundant feeling in
this Chamber, that in my opinion is not fit to
be presented to the American people in any
shape or before any forum whatever, and that
is the destruction of the cemeteries and re-
moval of the bodies of dead soldiers there
interred. I saw nothing here of the spiteful
animus which originally selected Arlington as a
burial-ground for the Army. The act isaccom-
plished, and the author is beyond the reach of
human censure or approval, and its results
must be accepted.
I should have said nothing upon this occa-
sion, and had inteuded silently to record my
vote against the resolution ; but in the condi-
tion of matters produced by this debate I shall
now vote against its reception, for I cannot
imagine what can be the object of the honor-
able Senator from Vermont in here interposing
his objection to its withdrawal altogether, unless
he desires in some way to make a record by
votes that shall be capable of an intendment
contrary to the real sentiments of those who
may vote for the naked technical reception of
these resolutions. I shall be glad to know the
contrary, but I can myself see no other object
in it. Here the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky rises and asks leave to withdraw the reso-
lution that has created so much feeling through-
out the Chamber, the discussion of which has
called me to my feet; and the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont objects to that withdrawal.
Why is this? Is not his object accomplished if
the resolution is prevented from being received
by the Senate? Does not that accomplish the
objection that he began yesterday to make?
Undoubtedly it does. Then, for what reason is
it that the yeas and nays shall be called upon
! this question, the mere technical question as to
I whether or not this resolution shall be received,
i in order that if it is received it may be com-
| mitted to its grave in some committee from
which there will be no resurrection? Now, sir,
as I do not desire to see this resolution even
passed upon by Congress, I shall be glad to
know that the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky has permission to withdraw it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I do not
II rise to occupy any time", but only to explain
i! to the honorable Senator from Delaware the
motive which he seems to desire to have me
explain that I entertain in objecting to the
withdrawal of this motion. It is not, as he
suggests, that I desire to place anybody in a
false position or to make a record against any
person by which he shall be misunderstood;
!: but 1 do desire, and I shall consider to-day
ji well spent if I accomplish that desire, to have
! the American Senate, by a vote tliat lepresents
l| no party but represents all parlies, to conse-
jl crate the graves at Arlington against any dese-
il cration now and forevermore ; and if my good
friends, the Democrats, represented by the gen-
tleman who has last spoken, are to be placed
in a false position by voting as my friend says
he shall vote with me upon that subject, a
position that they do not really mean to occupy,
the more will be their shame and the greater
will be my regret. But if they are realty ill
earnest in voting with me against this motion,
as I am bound to believe they are, then I shall
turn with pride to my constituents and say that
there are some questions upon which even party
lieat and party enthusia^p cannot lead a Dem-
ocrat to vote against a proposition of this char-
acter; and I shall be glad to say so indeed.
Mr. BAYARD. I regret that the profound
conviction of my learned friend of the reality
of ray motives on this occasion should have
needed the necessity of the suggestion of some
doubt on his part on the subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no; I do not doubt
it at all.
Mr. BAYARD. The question has been
raised here, which so inexperienced a parlia-
mentarian as myself might well have hesitated
about, and which has been most ably discussed
by the honorable and experienced Senators
from Illinois and Vermont, whether or not it
is in order to object to the reception of any
resolution, whether it is not in order to receive
it and let it go to its fate, to wit, by reference
to a committee, who shall report upon it accord-
ing to its merits. Whether that is or is not in
accordance with the rules of the Senate is not
for me to decide. My own inclination is always
in favor of the reception of all matters that are
not of themselves barred by some positive, arbi-
trary rule of the Senate. Therefore my feeling
would be, and it would have been still stronger
had I been a member of the majority on this
floor, even without rule, ex gr&tia, to receive
the propositions of a minority, and let them go
for wl^at they were worth to the proper com-
mittee, - giving every indulgence that power
ordinarily should extend to weakness.
Therefore I might have hesitated whether,
upon the mere technical question, the mere
question of the parliamentary ruling, I would
vote to have this resolution received or not.
My inclination at first was that it should be
received. I would generally vote to receive all
these resolutions. But when I find that the
honorable Senator who proposed this resolu-
tion, and who proposed it as he says entirely
upon his personal responsibility, and under his
personal convictions of its rightfulness, asks
to withdraw it, then the technical rule which
might have induced me to vote for its recep-
tion is waived, and I prefer to vote in such
manner as I think will best meet his wishes.
I think he ought, in right and in courtesy, to
control the fate of the resolution which has
not yet passed into the hands of the Senate.
I cannot see how the honorable Senator from
Vermont in a breath can claim to have con-
trol of the resolution and in the same breath
deny its acceptability; and yet that is liis posi-
tion, As the honorable Senator from Illinois
says, it is something like Mohammed's coffin,
hung between heaven and earth, but touching
neither. It is neither in the Senate nor out
of it. If it is out of the Senate, how can that
Senator control the direction which the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky desires to give
to it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator a
question ?
Mr. BAYARD. In one moment. It seems
to me entirely plain that the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky has the control of his reso-
lution until the Senate have received it. When
they have received it, then it occurs to me as
matter of common sense they can do as they
please with it. In the mean time I shall vote
in accordance with the desire of the mover,
which is to take this resolution back into his
own hands, thus withdrawing the matter from
the consideration of the Senate before any
action has been taken upon it by the body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
