910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February '%
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I hope that
we shall now have the regular order.
st. croix and bayfield railroad.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. R. No.
11) extending the time to construct a railroad
from the St. Croix river or lake to the west end
of Lake Superior and to Bayfield, on which
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Pomeroy] is
entitled to the floor for thirty minutes.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. Speaker, the argu-
ments against the bill under consideration are
the same as are urged against* the passage of
all bills of a similar Character, and conse-
quently the few remarks I propose to make
will be on the general subject of granting lands,
under proper restrictions, to aid in the con-
struction of railroads ; in advocating which I
shall support the general features and pas-
sage of the bill now before the House._ There
might be some reluctance on my part in advo-
cating this bill, since the distinguished gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] the other
day, characterized it, in connection with all
others of the same kind, as swindles, know-
ing that his extremely delicate and sensitive
moral organization, quickened in its action by
the purity of the political atmosphere of his
own district, enabled him to detect the smell
of corruption as far as a buzzard can scent its
morning repast, if it was not apparent that
what we call swindling out West is expressive
of one of the fine arts in the political dialect
of New York city.
Always unwilling to waste the time of this
body in useless talk, believing that our first
duty here is to act, and act promptly, in the
interests of the whole country on all the great
measures presented for our consideration, I
gave silent votes on the railroad bills that came
before us at our last session. I know that
those votes were liable to be misunderstood,
but relied upon their intrinsic merits, my own
consciousness of right, and the intelligence of
my constituents for my justification.
I was not unmindful of the clamor that was
raised in many of the newspapers of the coun-
try againstgrants of lands to aid the construc-
tion of these roads; but in the discharge of my
duties here I proposed then, and do now, to act
and speak in accordance with my highest con-
victions of the obligations I owe to my whole
country, regardless of all consequences such
action may have upon my own personal inter-
ests, for, in the language of Achilles, "Hateful
to me as the gates of hell is he who, hiding one
thing in his heart, utters another."
To my mind, he holds a very contracted view
of the duties of a national legislator who be-
fore giving his vote upon questions in this Hall
stops to ask himself whether that vote will
please or displease a few interested parties in
or outside hisown district, when his judgment
teaches him that the good of the nation de-
mands that it should be promptly recorded.
Such a man has never emerged from the chrys-
alis of the local politician into the dignity of
a statesman. It is a matter for regret that the
homely language of Crockett cannot be the
governing motive of every man who takes upon
himself the responsibility of a legislator, " Be
sure you are right, then go ahead." It would
at least save much valuable time that is now
wasted calling theyeas and nays. The dictates
of partisan and personal policy and expediency
have more than once threatened our country
with their ever-attendant evils; and that man
whose principles and actions are continually
changing, like the drifting sands along the
river's course, by the force of the ever-varying
currents of popular clamor and selfish interests
is a dangerous custodian of the welfare of a
great people.
I do not rise now so much for the purpose
of vindicating my own course and defending
the votes I have given or may give on these
bills for granting lands to companies to aid
them in building roads as with the desire to
examine and expose what appear to me to be
some of the shallow and flippant sophistries
that have been used against this land-grant
policy of the Government. I do not propose
to defend those acts which grant lands in one
part of the country for the purpose of making
improvements in another, nor any acts like
the swamp-land act, that is so carelessiy drawn
and loosely administered that under it millions
of the best acres of the public domain have
been stolen from the Government and the
actual settler by unprincipled and unscrupu-
lous speculators, without one dollar compen-
sation ever having inured to the Government
or the people; but I refer to those grants of
vacant and uninhabited lands, given for the
purpose of building roads through their own
limits, donated by Congress to assist in open-
ing up desert wastes to cultivation and civil-
ization, to irrigate desolate and barren plains
with great commercial channels, along whose
fertilizing course shall grow towns and cities
that shall transform a bleak, savage, and profit-
less domain into attractive fields of industry and
wealth, that shall make of it a rich and strong
support of the nation's greatness and power.
It is urged as an objection to these grants
that it is a waste of the nation's resources.
But that cannot be a resource, in the sense in
which it is presented, from which no revenue
is derived; and we were told by the first Secre-
tary of the Interior under Mr. Lincoln that
the public lands had ceased to yield a revenue
to the Government. Though this is not strictly
true now, it would be so but for the extension
of roads by means of these grants to open these
lands np to settlement and cultivation. It was
true when made, and was made at a time when
there was an entire prostration of western
railroad enterprises, and even large subsidies
of lands that were freely given were not suffi-
ciently valuable to insure their immediate
completion.
These lands without railroads would be as
worthless to the nation as the "Territory of
Alaska, which if forced as a free gift upon the
distinguished statesman who negotiated its
purchase would be a fearful retribution for
the great errors of the last years of his polit-
ical life.
The land-grant system was inaugurated over
forty years ago, and though sometimes shame-
fully abused, has been continued under Dem-
ocrat, Whig, and Republican administration.
In making these grants the Government gives
one half the lands within certain prescribed
limits and doubles its selling price for-the
other half, thus realizing for the one half re-
tained as much as without the road it would
have received for the whole. There is no loss
of property in this transaction, and instead of
being a charity bestowed upon some schem-
ing, pertinacious beggar, it partakes more of
the character of the transaction of a shrewd
operator who has bargained one half of his
profitless estate in consideration of the erec-
tion of certain improvements thereon that will
enable him to realize speedily for the other
half all or more than he had asked and could
not obtain for the whole.
But this sale of its lands is but a small
part of the pecuniary advantages which these
grants insure to the Government. The whole
amount of lands embraced within the pre-
scribed limits soon pass into the hands of
small proprietors, and their cultivation and
the development of their mineral resources
soon -accumulate along the line of the roads
such amounts of capital as will pay annually
in revenue to the Government more than the
original value of the whole grant. It is no
answer to say that the lands are withheld from
market by the corporations, and improvements
thereby retarded. Without the roads there
would have been no markets for the lands, and
every interest of the company demands that
the lands should be sold and improved, that
they may hold active and not inert capital, and
that the improvement of the lands may con-
tribute to the earnings and consequent value
of the road. Even if the company, for the
purpose of realizing more for their lands, were
to withhold them temporarily from market,
the certain sale and settlement of the other
half is worth far more to the settlers and the
whole people than the whole would have been
without the roads. But the limitation of the
price for which the company can sell the land
precludes the possibility of its being withheld
from sale.
These improvements otherwise contribute a
thousand-fold more to the wealth of the nation
than the original value-of the lands given to facil-
itate their construction, and every land-grant
road that has been completed has added more
than ten times its cost to the aggregate capital
of the country. They create great reservoirs
into which flows silently through infinite chan-
nels the surplus labor of the country, relieving
the overburdened marts of industry, stimulat-
ing immigration, that great source of national
wealth, opening our mines, kindling new fur-
nace fires, building new forges and mills, and
quickening the pulsations of' trade and internal
exchanges to every extremity of the nation.
But a common and plausible argument against
them is that they rob the actual settler of mil-
lions of acres of valuable land which he needs
for the sustenance of himself and family, and
that the Government should reserve them for
those hardy pioneers who brave the dangers
and privations of the frontier to reduce the
wild lands of the nation to the uses of civilized
man. I have always been so far agrarian in
my views as to believe that the unused public
lands of right belonged to those who would so
utilize them as to make them contribute to the
sustenance of the human family, and hence
have always been one of the warmest advo-
cates of all the rights of the actual settler; but
I confess my inability to comprehend that fine
devotion to the interests of this worthy class
of our citizens which on this floor sees their
rights outraged by granting lands to which, in
their present isolated condition, these people
never have and never would assert any claim;
and then, regarding them as worthless squat-
ters without rights, and divesting them of their
lands enriched by years of struggling labor
when those lands are in the coveted and beau-
tiful valley of the Yosemite.
I am not unmindful of the fact that in one
case gentlemen are advocating the interests of
a class so large, embracing as it does not only
those who wish to settle on.these lands, when
by improvements they shall be made desirable,
but also those who wish to purchase for spec-
ulative purposes, that it is capable of influ-
encing political elections; and in the other the
rights and votes of only two men are opposed
by the covetousness of a nation. I would not
by any means intimate that this difference in
the influence of the parties will account for the
difference in their treatment; but very many
honest blunt people will, I fear, draw dispar-
aging conclusions from such inconsistency in
our actions. Experience has shown us that
settlers are very sparse where there are no
navigable streams and no prospect of railroad
transportation for their surplus products. Yery
few men are so constituted as to be so enam-
ored of virgin acres, no matter how fertile, as to
attempt to build homes on bleak prairies forty
miles from woods, with no promise of any but
wagon communication with fuel and friends,
or t0 plunge into trackless forests beyond the
probable reach of the sound of the steam-
whistle.
The unoccupied lands of Missouri, Alabama,
and other States of the Union, which could
not be settled or even sold, though offered at
twelve and a half cents per acre, and abound-
ing in mineral and agricultural wealth, are suf-
ficient evidence of the fact that settlers have
not been searching vainly for cheap lands re-
mote from railroad improvements. An expe-
rience of some years in a United States land
office has given me an opportunity to study
