1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91-1
the wants and predilections of those who set-
tle upon our public lands, and has convinced
me that there are comparatively very few who
do not prefer lands at $2 50 per acre, with a
certainty of a railroad within & reasonable dis-
tance of their homes, to lands at any price, or
as a gift, with which there is no assurance of
a connection by steam with markets and the
conveniences of life. A.large portion of my
own district, though as rich in undeveloped
agricultural wealth as any lands in the world,
has, until the building of the projected rail-
roads through its midst became a certainty,
lain a barren, idle waste, inviting but finding
no occupants save a few brave men scattered
here and there, whose unbounded faith in the
final completion of these great enterprises sus-
tained them amid hardships, privations, and
discouragements, under which less buoyant
natures would have gone down in despair.
No man can feel more sympathy with these
hardy pioneers than myself. I have lived
among them and witnessed their struggles and
sufferings in their perilous contest with the
noxious gases and stubborn forces of untamed
nature. 1 have seen them fall before the mias-
mas of the marshes, and their cheeks blanch
and limbs tremble in their doubtful battle with
relentless famine. I have been over the scene
of desolation, where, separated by almost im-
passable snows from human assistance, they
have fallen a prey to the brutal ferocity of
those gentle wards of the nation who practi-
cally receive so much more sympathy than the
victims whom they make it a pastime to de-
stroy ; and it would give me intense pleasure
to see that earnest solicitude manifested in
behalf of these settlers crystallize into such
action as will insure to them their rights and
give to them the lands on which they have
built their homes and made valuable by their
toil. Frothy speeches, virtuous newspaper
articles, and vaporous political resolutions
bring no mitigation to their sufferings, and
when they appeal to us for substantial relief
from the heartless and unblushing villainy of
those who would rob them of their homes, we
answer that technically they have no rights
that Congress can protect, and drive them for
Tedress to that anomalous and aristocratic
branch of the Government that is so consti-
tuted as to have no sympathy with the people.
It is true that it would be very desirable to
have these roads built without absorbing a
portion of the lands, if such an end could be
attained; but capitalists do not invest their
money where there is no prospect of return-
ing profits, and railways will not pay dividends
when built through countries destiute of pop-
ulation and connecting no great commercial
terminal points. It is true that their com-
pletion will bring inhabitants to the country
and consequent traffic to the road; but we
have no right to expect that railroad com-
panies will act as great public benefactors
solely, and magnanimously develop and im-
prove the national resources, leaving their pos-
terity to reap an uncertain and tardy income
from their investments. The settler, in most
instances, would feel himself exceedingly for-
tunate to be enabled to divide his land equally
with a company that would build a railroad
near or through it, if this alone would insure
the completion of a road within a reasonable
distauce from his home. ,
Is a policy that would enrich individuals
unsafe or wasteful for the Government? It is
net the gift of the odd-numbered sections on
which there have been no improvements made
to the company that honestly builds its road,
through the lands donated for that purpose,
that stirs the anger of the emigrant in search
of a home; but it is the gift of lands to States
and corporations for real or pretended im-
provements in distant localities, or lands which
have been attained without any equivalent hav-
ing been rendered, the disposal^ of lands on
which the settler had already built his home,
or the absorption of both the odd and even
numbered sections by speculators under those
laws which seem to have been framed solely
in their interest the swamp-land and college
grants. Scrip under these acts is issued in
large quantities from the General Land Office,
thrown upon the market, bought up at a low
price, and located in tracts of thousands of
acres, embracing all the vacant lands in whole
townships; and the holders, impelled by no
obligation or interest aside from the value of
the land, will only sell when the full demands
of their avarice are satisfied.
Some of these men who have become en-
riched by dealing in vacant lands are now
among the most determined and noisy oppo-
nents of monopolies and earnest advocates
of the rights of the poor settlers. Their change
of feelings would assume an appearance of
touching and gratifying sincerity if the remem-
brance of former misdeeds should force them
to imitate one of their erring and repenting
brothers of old, and would also furnish desir-
able evidence that, like poor Judas, they were
not destitute of consciences.
The grant made for the improvement of the
Des Moines river in 184.6, embracing, as finally
extended in 1862, over eight hundred and thirty
thousand acres of the best timber, coal, and
gypsum and farming lands in the State of Iowa,
is one of the kind of acts of which they com-
plain, and was one of the most shameless
frauds ever perpetrated upon the Government.
It is to be regretted that the distinguished gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wood] was not
then hereto expose the unblushing and villaiu-
ous political associates from his own State by
whom it was devised. Ebr these lands, which
are worth more to-day than all the lands given
for the building of the Union Pacific railroad,
neither the Government or the State has ever
been benefited to the amount of one dollar.
Under conflicting construction of the grant by
the land officers, and a decision of the Supreme
Court, settlers went upon these lands, many
perfected their preemptions and received pat-
ents, and to-day are appealing to you in vain
for protection against the robbers who are
driving them from their homes and reducing
them to beggary, protected by a shameful and
unjust decision made in the interest of moneyed
power by this same court, which mercilessly
tells the poor settler that he has no rights which
they are bound to protect.
The fear expressed by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holmax] that granting these
lands to railroad companies "will build up vast
landed interests in imitation of the feudalism
of Europe, where splendid palaces will frown
down on millions of huts, the abodes of misery
and want,1' indicates much more subtile powers
of imagination than of reason. The gentleman
in his glowing frenzy seems to consolidate all
the distinct personalities that compose each
corporation into one awful genie, who, as the
representative of various companies, shall
raise his frowning castles on the peaks of
the Rocky mountains and issue his absolute
decrees to the tattered and ignorant peasantry
inhabiting his extended domains from the
Missouri to the Pacific. It is almost a pity
that this fine conception of vast domains should
be spoiled by the hard fact that, owing to
the wording of the grants, they can consist of
only six hundred and forty acres each. Pour
to eight homestead families on every other
section would be as fatal to landed aristocra-
cies as they are to modern democracy. This
argument possesses force only when directed
against the disposition of the public lands
by square miles under Spanish _ grants and
Indian treaties and the various kinds of land
scrip issued by the Government,
But while, from the nature of a corporation
and the selection of the lands by alternate sec-
tions, it is impossible to build up great landed
estates, the interests of the companies and the
conditions of the grants make it almost as
impossible to create anything like a landed
monopoly. The more dense the population
along the line of the road the larger will be
the net receipts of the corporations; hence the
moneyed interest of the corporations, the only
interest that touches the feelings of. these
bodies, requires them not only to sell the lands,
but to sell them to actual occupants in small
quantities. But the provision inserted in most
of these grants, requiring the company to sell
their lands for $2 50 per acre, is an effectual
barrier against the companies withholding them
from market; for every consideration of econ -
oraj demands that sales should be made as
fast as the maximum amount per acre can be
obtained. How much it is to be regretted that
the gentleman from Indiana did not ten years
ago, when aristocratic lords held " vast do-
mains" covered with "huts" that were the
abodes of slaves, then cry in the anguish of
his spirit, " Shall America, the last and only
hope of free government upon God's green
earth, imitate the feudalism by which Europe
has been crushed for fifteen centuries?" It
has required several years of. Republican rule
to enable the Democratic central committee
to send such language through the mails with-
out its being suppressed as incendiary.
I am an enemy of monopolies and always
have been. I have no more faith in the hon-
esty of corporations than those who denounce
them as soulless. I think myself their hearts
are as shriveled and bloodless, and that they
have as little sympathy for'the struggling peo-
ple, as that monarchical appendage of the
Government the Supreme Court. 1 would give
no company rights that were not subject to the
control of the people's representatives. There
should be no power in a free Government that
the people cannot lawfully control, aud no body
that does not acknowledge itsresponsibility to
them. To deny this is to distrust the capa-
city of the people for self government, and to
.express a want of faith in the principles that
underlie the whole superstructure of our free
institutions. If an educated people cannot
be the ultimate depositary of all power, then
a Government of the people is a delusion, .all
vested or chartered rights should be irrevoca-
ble, and all offices invested with a life-tenure.
Corporations and monopolies are too often
confounded in the discussion of this question.
Raikoad companies are not necessarily mo-
nopolies, and, indeed, with proper legislation,
it is impossible for them to be come such.
Some of the most extortionate and oppressive
monopolies of this country have been created
by our patent laws, and not controlled by cor-
porations but by individuals. It is a matter
of surprise that some of these keen-scented
money-hounds have not tracked these soulless
aristocrats from their stately and gilded pal-
aces to the spring of their wealth and joined
in their rams'-horn chorus around the walls of
the Patent Office. Railroads cannot be con-
structed without a large concentration of cap-
ital, and this capital is not often found in the
hands of one man but of many; and hence it
is necessary for the building of railroads, not
only that there should be large amounts of
surplus capital, but that there should be asso-
ciations of men into corporations to combine
sufficient for the purposes required.
It is too true that men of large wealth are
very often destitute of any thing like noble or
generous impulses, and are governed by no
considerations but those the most mercenary
and selfish, and that,an association of these
men into corporations, when no one individ-
ual feels himself responsible to public senti-
ment for the acts of the association* very often
develops a depth of depravity through the con-
centrated meanness of all the individual mem-
bers that would make his satanie majesty him-
self blush with shame. But the blindest and
shallowest opponent of the land-grant system
will not pretend that railroads are not a direct
benefit to the poor as well as the rich, opening
new fields of labor and enhancing their value,
adding largely to its purchasing power, and, as
one of the grandest agents of civilization, ele-
