1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
Mr. JOHNSON.
Mr. SARGENT.
I have no objection.
It is to add these words:
And said service shall cease at the end of the next
session of Congress, unless said route is declared a
post route by the aetion of Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON. That was the intention,
that the service would cease.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Ever since the cre-
ation of the Post Office Department in this
country, we have managed to get along under
the law as it is now. The Constitution gives
to Congress the power to establish post routes,
and Congress from time to time has exercised
that power to establish post routes. Nobody
has ever before asked Congress to give this
power to the Postmaster General. Questions
frequently arise about bridges over water
courses. ^ Efforts are made to get Congress
to establish a bridge as a post road, thus legal-
izing it. If authority be given to the Post-
master General to establish post routes lie may
then establish bridges as post routes which the
courts may decide to be nuisances.
Now, Mr. Speaker, my friend from Califor-
nia ought not to complain, because the expend-
itures are over three hundred thousand dollars
more than the receipts from his State for carry-
ing the mails within its limits. It is now pro-
posed to give the Postmaster General the power
to establish post roads where they are not
established now, and to make contracts for
carrying the mail. It is a dangerous power.
The Postmaster General does not want it. He
does not like to_ be importuned to exercise the
power of establishing post roads whenever gen-
tlemen may waht them.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois against
this amendment would prevent any improve-
ment in legislation, or in any other direction.
It is that we, and our fathers before us, have
got along with this inconvenience, and therefore
we can still do so. If that be good, then we
oughttoplow with a stick, as was formerly done,
and discard gang plows; we ought also to re-
peal all patent laws designed to encourage
labor-saving inventions. We might go back to
the fig-leaves of Eden. The whole post office
system is of modern invention. We had better
abolish it, by the gentleman's reasoning. I
think we had better improve it. Inconven-
iences are not sanctioned by antiquity, but
should be removed as soon as possible. If there
can be improvement and greater convenience
to the people, not merely of California but of
the whole country, by the plan we propose,
then it ought to be adopted ; and this concerns
not only California, but the whole West, where
railroads are springing up in every direction
and towns are being rapidly built, where only
a short while ago was an untracked wilderness.
Centers of business, too, are changing. Long
lines of railroad have been constructed, and
many connecting railroads are rapidly being
pushed on to completion.
The gentleman from Illinois says that carry-
ing the mail in my State costs $31)0,000 more
than the receipts. I am happy to know that it
is not more, and that we are so near to paying
our share of the postal expenses of the Gov-
ernment, the whole deficit amounting to
$5,000,000 in the receipts, as compared with
the expenditures. Perhaps my people pay,
relatively, a larger share of the postal expenses
of the Government than the people of the State
of Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We furnish a reve-
nue above expenses.
Mr. SARGENT. That may be ; but if you
have the benefit of the Pacific mail it is your
benefit, and not ours merely. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] says that contracts
may be made under this amendment for any
length of time by the Postmaster General.
That is an error in fact. Contracts cannot last
longer than four years, by direct provision of
law, and under some circumstances not longer
than one year. The amendment does not
change the law in that respect. Hisobjection,
therefore, to the amendment, falls to the ground.
It is intended that the carrying of the mail
shall cease at the end of the next session if
Congress does not declare it to' be a post road.
I hope, therefore, for the convenience of the
people of the whole country, that the amend-
ment will be adopted.
The House divided on Mr. Johnson's amend-
ment, as modified, and there were—ayes 45,
noes 44 ; no quorum voting?
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Johssos and Mr.
Farnswoiith.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 81, noes 28.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The following amendment was read :
Amend scction two hundred and fifty-three, line
lour, by adding after theword " sixty" thewords "or
to enter into a contract at any other time than at the
annual lotting:" so that it will read:
_ Sec. 253. And be it further enacted, That whenever
it becomes necessary to change the terms of an exist-
ing contract for carrying the ipail otherwise than as
provided in sections two hundred and fifty-nine and
two hundred and sixty, or to enter into a contract at
any other time than at the annual letting, notice
thereof shall be given and proceedings had thereon
the same as at the letting ot original contracts.
The amendment was agreed to.-
Mr. MUNG-EN. I desire further to amend
the section by adding what I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That the Postmaster General shall only
pay to railroad companies the proportion of the
amountagreed upon forcarrying tho mail, in accord-
ance with the weight of mail matter transmitted,
taking as a basis the average weight for the past
three years on each railroad so carrying the mail.
Mr. MUNGEN. Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish
to say a word in regard to that question. While
I have voted for the abolition of the franking
privilege, and am ready to do so again, I am sat°
isfied^ that this whole matter has been got up
by railroad companies interested in carrying
the mails. I am satisfied that they engaged
the press, either by persuading them to it, or
by some other means, to advocate the aboli-
tion, of the franking privilege. I am satisfied
that the abolition of the franking privilege is
merely a beneficiary act to the railroad com-
panies who now have contracts for carrying
the mails. I have made inquiries at the Post
Office Department. I have asked the Post-
master General of the last Administration, and
I have asked those who are near the head of
the Post Office Department now, whether the
railroad companies, if the franking privilege
be abolished and if they are relieved from
carrying the tons on tons of mail matter now
carried free, will reduce their rates. The
answer has been invariably no.
Now, sir, when theserailroad companies took
contracts for carrying the mails they always
fixed their own prices. They took the con-
tracts with the understanding, fairly and fully
expressed, that they should carry whatevermail
matter was s^nt on any route. Now, they are
awarethat when the franking privilege is abol-
ished there will not be by hundreds of tons so
much mail matter to be carried. There is not
a railroad line which now has a mail contract
which does not weigh every day the amount of
mail matter it transports. They make it a rule
to do so. And now, especially at the close of,
a session of Congress, they will have almost
nothing to do, compared with what they have
had to do heretofore.
I trust this matter will receive the attentive
consideration of the House. It may be objected
that this proposition would amount to a viola'
tion of existing contracts. I beg gentlemen
to remember that with reference to this class
of contracts the Government holds the right
to change them whenever it pleases. It has
the right absolutely to abrogate such a con-
tract. 1c can cause the carrying of the mails 'j
on a particular route to cease; it can suspend 1
the contract entirely or modify it to suit itself.
I feel assured that the people, when they find
that the flanking privilege has been abolished, jj
rn^ dissatisfied. They will not approve of
^ vr.he only parties who will benefit by its
abolition are the_ mail contractors. I hope,
therefore, that this amendment will commend
lts r t0™AeT>-|?,u,?e' and tllat it; wiu be adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The objection to
the amendment of t*he gentleman from Ohio
lUv. Mungen] is that it will not work. It is
impracticable; and besides, it is very unfair,
■there are railroad companies whom we could
not induce to carry by weight, because on
some railroads, and between some post offices,
the mails are very small. But these mails
have to be carried, and they lay the railroad
companies under the necessity of putting on a
mail car, and carrying the mail agents, just as
much as if they carried maik weighing fifty
thousand pounds diem. ■ 
_ And again, the amendment would be imprac-
ticable in regard to certain railroads, because
uiey carry so much mail matter. The New
York Central, for example, does not carry
much matter franked by members of Congress,
but it carries probably between eight and nine
hundred thousand pounds of mail matter a day.
ihe amendment is altogether impracticable.
Ihe question being taken on Mr. Mungen's
amendment, it was disagreed to.
The following amendment was read:
Add as an additional section the following:
bEC. 261. And be it further enacted, That tho Post-
master (general may make deductions from tho pay
ot contractors for failures to perform service accord-
ing to contract, and impose fines upon themforother
delinquencies. He may deduct the price of the trip
m all cases where the trip is not performed, and not
exceeding three times the price if the failure be occa-
sioned by the fault of the contractor or carrier.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Reads whether the word ''may " used in
the second line of that section is equivalent to
"shall?" Does it imply that he shall do it,
or that he may do it, just as he pleases?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is optional, as I
understand it.
_ Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest that it should
either be one way or the other.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Sometimes the con-
tractor is prevented by sickness or other causes
not under his control from exactly performing
the service according to contract.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then the Postmaster
General ought to have discretion to deduct
any part of the price for the trip, or any part
thereof.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, then, leave
it to the Postmaster General, who may make
deductions. This section reads:
lie may deduct the price of the trip in all eases
where the trip is not performed, and not exceeding
three times tho price if the failuie bo occasioned by
the iault of the contractor or carrier.
Ihe question was taken on the amendment;
and it was agreed to.
national education.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to what I suppose is a
question of order. At the last session the bill
ot the House (H. E. No. 1320) to establish a
system of national education was assigned for
to-day, immediately after the morning hour.
There have been printed an insufficient num-
ber of copies of that bill, and there are other
reasons why it would be wise to postpone its
consideration. I move, therefore, that its fur-
ther consideration be postponed till the third
Tuesday of January, after the morning hour.
The motion was entertained by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. HOAR. I move now that the bill be
printed, as I understand the number of copies
is deficient.
The motion to print was agreed to.
codification op postal law.
The reading of the bill for the codification
of the postal law was then concluded.
Mr. MUNQEN'. I propose now to go back to
chapter twenty, and add to it the following:
That ihe rates of postage on letters shall not ex-
ceed twtt cents oh each lewerweighingjiafc more tkaa
