THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IB,
half an ounce, and the same amount upon each ad-
ditionaiaalf ounce or fractional part thereof; and
that the postage on drop-letters shall not exceed one
cent each.
• The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I offer now an amend-
ment to section three hundred and twenty-
th^e, on page 129, to ifisert after the word
"passed" the words:
Provided, That the franking privilege shall not,
by reason of any thing in this act, be taken from any
person to whom it has been granted by any special
act of Congress.
I believe tbere are but two or three per-
sons to whom the franking privilege has been
granted as a special distinction by special act
of Congress; and it seems to me to take it
away would be avery small matter, and invid-
ious to the parties who have been thus re-
spected. I trust, therefore, that this proposi-
tion will prevail.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The amendments
having now been read through, I desire to
move the previous question upon the bill.
Mr. FERRISS. There is one amendment
which 1 desire to offer upon page 17, in sec-
tion twenty-eight. In lines eighteen and nine-
teen I propose to move to strike out the words
" unnecessary delay," and to insert after the
word '* be," in line eighteen, the words "a
delay of sixty days;" so that the section will
read:
Sec. 28. That the Postmaster General shall certify
to the Auditor tor the Post Oftice Department all
cases of death or resignation ot postmasters. When-
evertheotnecof the postmaster shall become vacant,
by reason of death or resignation, or by the expira-
tion ot the commission of a postmaster, or his rejec-
tion by the Senate, or by the neglect or refusal of
any person lo take charge of the post office to which
he 18 appointed, it Fhall bo the duty of the Postmas-
ter Crenera] or tho President, as the case may be, to
fS?'i S ?A7l!£'iln.oy without delay ; ami it shall be
a J-? rfi5)Stl«lla8ter^en<'r^l>r0mP^y to notify
the Auditor of the change; and every postmaster and
his sureties shall bo responsible under their bond for
th,° Public proporty of the post
olnce and the duo performance of the duties thereof
until tho expiration of the commission, or until a
suoeessor shn 1 have been duly appointed and qnali-
; .iia/V0 Hmen Posses3>°n of tho office:
fiovvled, nevertheless. That in cases where thercshall
bo <1 delay oi s.xty days in supplying such vacancy
"I**" t?!'D|iinato tueir responsibility by
funli fnJ!w'COt'y'kns to tho Postmaster General,
Mtcli termination to tako effect ten days after suffi-
a"Jlavo®Jopse<l to reccivo a reply from
plwrmnitSfvJ^cntc : And provided also. That tho
iro&tmaster tjeneiai may, when the exigencies ot" tlie
ei-il'Ji Euc,!l ofiico Charge of a. spe-
sur^rir^viibui^ofth6BnMUMofSJ
. '*^r- FARNSWORTH. There is no objec-
tion to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I move to amend sec-
tion ninety six by inserting after the word
employed tlie words " also in other places,
when in Ins judgment the public convenience
requires itso that the section will read as
follows:
plaCTsVhheroP?ottS?5ltCr .Goner!,< m!,y establish, in
S hefnhee. „ f •rf'e!'s nr0 employed, aiso in
fence rS;-M ^ vI. 1SJ? ®I?ont,hopubUoc°nvcn-
iencb itqunes ir, receiving-boxes, lor the
to|aSnSRTH- 1 haVC n° °bjectiun
The amendment was adopted.
. ^r" 1 move to amend by insert-
ing as an additional section, to stand as section
one hundred and ninety, what I send to the'
Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Skc. . And be it /v.rrhcr enacted, That all nos-t- !
xnabters are hereby authorized to register in the !
manner prescribea by tbe thirty-second section f !
tho act approved March 3, 1803, entitled "An act to
S,™®?'1, 'kolaws relating to tho Post Office Depait-
ment, and the regulations of the said Department
issued in pursuance thcreot, but without p^ymeSl
tionffne81ft'a-tl?n- ' aU leWers containing frac-
*a® ,, 1   --v., wovviu vunliuiuiiju ifac-
tional or other currency note, which shall be by
by mail to the Treasurer of the United
them «$nfc
States for redemption; and it shay be the duty of
the postmaster at the cityof Washington, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to register in like manner, without
charge, all letters containing new currency returned
for currency redeemed, which shall be received by
him from the said Treasurer in sealed packages
marked with the word "register" over the official
signature of the said Treasurer.
Mr. FERRY. I presume there will be no
objection to this amendment. I hold in my
hand a communication from Mr. Spinner, the*
Treasurer of the United States, to the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, which will fully give the reasons
for the amendment I have offered. The letter
is as follows:
Treasury of the United Statics,
Washington, february 20,1869.
Dear General : I take the liberty of inclosing here-
with, for your consideration, a draft of a bill to
authorize tbe free registration of letters from post-
masters, containing fractional and other currency
forwarded by mail to me for redemption, and of let-
ters from the Treasury, containing new currency
returned for old currency redeemed. The necessity
for the first part of the proposed measure is set forth
on the forty-second p.age of my annual report for
the fiscal year 1867-68, a copy of which is herewith
inclosed. Under the regulations of the Post Office
Department, a copy of which is also transmitted
herewith, postmasters are required to receive, in pay-
ment for postage stamps and stamped envelopes,
soiled and defaced currency of the United States, and
to forward the same to me for redemption. As the
charge for forwarding any fraction of Si,000 by ex-
press, undorthe Governmcntcontract, is thesamc as
that lor SI,000, it has not been deemed advisable to
permit postmasters to send less than $100for redemp-
tion attheexpenseof the Government, underits con-
tract with the Adams Express Company. This sum,
though but one fifth of the minimum amount per-
muted to be sent by banks and private parties in the
manner stated, is, as you are probably aware, much
beyond the amounts likely to be received at small
post offices in a long period of time. Nor would it be
true economy, under the present arrangement with
the express company, to reduce this amount, while
the (government has the means of safely transmitting
money, under the registry system, at very slight
expense. The only alternative for postmasters is,
therefore, either to send the money, received in com-
pliance with the post office regulations,by express or
by registered mail at their own expense, or to intrust
then*remittances to tho ordinary mail. Inasmuch
as they receive no compensation for the serviee*of
redeeming this currency, and as they are subjected
by it to considerable labor and inconvenience, it does
not appear to me just that they should be compelled
either to pay the expense of forwarding the mcmey
by express or registered mail, or to run the risk of its
transmission by mail without registration. How
great the risk of the latter mode of remittance is
may be judged from the fact that duringthe last fiscal
year 1 was advised of the loss of one hundred and
thirty-one packages, forwarded in that* manner—
above four tenths of one per cent, of the packages
containing money, received by mail at this office dur-
ing that time. These lost packages were alleged to
contain $1,9/1 6l On the other hand, of tho regis-
tered packages, constituting over one fourth of the
money packages received by mail, but one Joss has
ever come to my knowledge. These facts seem to
conclusively establish the justice and necessity of the
first part ot the proposed bill.
Tho necessity for tho last part of the measure is
shown by the following facts: a considerable num-
ber of the remittances of currency for redemption
contain less than five dollars. As the return of checks \
tor such remittances would devolve upon this office
a great amount of labor, both in the drawing of tho
checks and the keeping of the accounts relating to
tnem, it has been customary to return new currency
by mail for amounts less than five dollars rodeemed,
unle^sotherwiserequested. Moreover,in some parts
ot tho country it is impossible to negotiate checks at
par, waiicin others new currency can be obtained
enly upon application at, this office. Although the
number of tnese remittances of money by mail from i
this office is not very gre >t, I have been advised of
the loss of twenty-si* remittances of the kind since
July 1. IS08. Furthermore, it is believed that dis- !
honest post office clerks, becoming aware thatmoney ■
is forwarded by mail from this office, abstract all let- '
ters under my Iras<k (notregistered) coming into their
Hands ancl having the appearance of containing
money, the contents ot wluch.it iound to be other
tiian money, aro destroyed. In consequence of this
1 am ire^uently putto great inconvenience by appli-
cations lor duplicates of checks, forwarded by rnait
Irom this ofiice, which never reached their destina-
u in. ine pnssage of this measure would, by remov-
ing all temptations for such thefts, prevent their
occurrence.
In conclusion, it is hut just that the Government
snouki anord vO the public all proper and reasonable
lacilinc j lor the redemption of the paper currency
which tue necessities of tho time have compelled it
to n*ue, and which is at best a fruitful source of an-
noyance to tho whole people, and especially to those
who reside remote Irom places containing banking
institutions, and will therefore derive the most benefit
Irom this measure, if adopted.
I sincerely hope that this bill will receive your
favorable consideration, and that, if such shall be the
case, j ou will not tail to reeommend its passage into
a law to your colleagues on the committee and to
firm orroffc
Very truly and respectfully, yours,
F. E. SPINNER,
Treasurer United States.
Hon. John F. Farnsworth, Chairman of tjie Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Jtoads, Mouse of
Representatives.
Tne amendment moved by Mr. Ferry was
adopted.
_ Mr. HILL. I move to farther amend the
bill by adding to section one hundred and sev-
enty-one, as printed, the following:
And that tbe Postmaster General be authorized
I to establish stamp offices or agencies at convenient
i points, for the purpose of embossing or engraving tho
post office stamp on such envelopes as may be sent to
them for that purpose by makers.printers.and others,
on prepayment of the value of tho stamps and ex-
penses ot affixing the same, thus costing tne Govern-
ment nothing, as is the case of the agencies now in
successful operation for stamping checks, &c.  by the
Treasury Department.
Mr. MAYNARD. The proposed law and
the reason for it seem to be contained in this
amendment, and I do not have avery favorable
opinion of either thelaw or the reason. During
the last few days we have had thrust at us
through the mails some matter from envelope-
makers saying that the Government is inter-
fering with their business in furnishing to the
people envelopes at cost. Nobody 1 have ever
heard of wants anything of the kind proposed
by this amendment. The people can get such
envelopes as they want from their postmasters,
and have them embossed, stamped, or printed,
as they may desire. They can obtain them at
reasonable prices, at net cost to the Govern-
ment. I think we had better let well enough
alone, and not open a door to outside parties,
whether envelope-makers or not, to speculate
upon the people.
Mr. HILL. This is only to allow the people
to have this stampingorembossing done where
it will be most convenient to them. Now
they must send their envelopes to Washington
to be stamped. I propose in connection with
the Post Office Department that which is now
done by the Treasury Department in regard to
checks, &c.
Mr. MAYNARD. It will be a job for some-
body to furnish these stamps, and then it will
before long require officers to put. the stamps
011 envelopes.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Hill, and it was not
agreed to.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now call the pre-
vious question upon the bill as amended.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, and under the operation
thereof the bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ST. CItOIX AND BAYFIELD RAILROAD.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I callforthe
regular order.
_ TheSPEAIIER, Theregularorderis Senate
joint resolution No. 11, extending the time to
construct a railroad from the St. Croix river on
Lake Superior, to the west end of Lake Supe-
rior, aiid to Bayfield. This joint resolution
was laid upon the table when it wag last under
consideration. A motion was made to recon-
sider the vote by which it was laid on the table;
and it was also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table, which motion was
not agreed to. The question now recurs upon
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
joint resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I move
to postpone the further consideration of this
motion until the second Tuesday of January,
after the morning hour,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
the House will not postpone this question. It
