912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
vating the laborer in the social scale. The gen-
tleman from Indiana thinks that, though the
development of an unsettled country by ordin-
ary immigration and settlement maybe slower
than under a system of railroads, "ahealthier,
more vigorous, and more substantial popula-
tion will spring up, more self-reliant and inde-
pendent, and infinitely more certain to carry
forward the spirit of our free institutions."
This is substantially an argument- against all
railroads; because it implies that railroads
carry disease and demoralization along with
them and are opposed to the genius of our
free institutions. I suppose that the views a
man may hold of the good or bad influence
railroads may have upon society depend very
much upon what constitutes, in his mind, the
best form of government and the highest type
of civilization.
Africa and Arabia are probably as free.from
the curse of railroad monopolies as any part
of the world, but I hardly think that even the
gentleman frota Indiana would contend that
the vigorous, self-reliant, and independent
population of those countries would be very
much demoralized by the introduction of land-
grant railroads. It will not be seriously con-
tended that Mexico, our nearest neighbor,
would materially suffer in morals, or her popu-
lation become less vigorous and self-reliant, if
one half of her unoccupied lands were donated
to some "grasping monopolists," who would
at once astonish the scattered inhabitants with
the sound of the steam-whistle.
The gentleman does not anywhere make the
intelligence of the people one of the charac-
teristics of his happy society that would settle
our waste places without roads; but this, in
his view, may not be necessary to a perfect
democratic State.
The steam-engine used to be called a Demo-
crat. Perhaps the gentleman thinks that it
has changed politics, and, like the bull in the
fable, he proposes to run a tilt against it. The
unhappy fate of that dauntless quadruped ought
to teach the gentleman extreme caution. The
objection that these grants create vast landed
estates or overshadowing laud monopolies is
far more imaginary than real.
The provisions of the grant, as before shown,
prevent the corporation from holding even
two sections contiguous to each other, while
the limitation of the price for -which they can
sell precludes the possibility of any extortion-
ate monopoly. Guarded by these provisions,
and the further restriction that so long as the
lands remain in the possession of the company
any other company wishing to build a road
across any portion of them should have the
free right of way, -while the even sections are
open to homestead and preemption—'all of
which provisions I would have attached to these
grants—it is impossible that there should be
any danger from their large landed possessions.
To prevent these corporations from becoming
monopolies in the carrying trade it is necessary
to encourage the building of a large number of
roads, and thus by competition monopoly will
be prevented. Should this be ineffectual, Con-
gress should exercise its right to regulate com-
merce between the States and it3 reserved
rights to amend these charters and restrict the
tariffs within reasonable limits. But the course
these gentlemen are pursuing would make of
the present Pacific road, for almost indefinite
years to come, one of those grasping monop-
olies against which they are so loudly declaim-
ing. And yet they would be unwilling, if they
could, to rescind the contract which insured
the building of that road, hard as it was for
the Government, a money subsidy having been
added to that of lands; nor would they be will-
ing or the country satisfied to wait until the
lands along the line were settled and the
demands of the settlers required its construc-
tion.
And yet this is the vague and inactive policy
recommended by gentlemen for developing and
improving our wild domain and insuring to
the country the benefits of its hidden and idle
treasures. We gave to this company millions
of acres of what we believed to be sterile
plains and almost inaccessible mountains, and
the company has opened and developed a
country the half of which, reserved to the
Government, is yielding more now in agricul-
tural and mineral wealth annually than the
whole would have been worth for a quarter
of a century to come; and we have only
barely commenced to count the dollars of the
tens of millions that it will yet pour into the
pockets of the people and the coffers of the
nation. It would be a task well worth the time
of some competent statistician and philan-
thropist to demonstrate how much the poorer
classes of the nation are benefited by the en-
hanced value of their only capital, "labor, by
the completion of this road .alone.
It would take millions annually to cover the
amount saved to the country in time and
expense of those who travel, and the mer-
chandise transported over this road, over the
old methods by water, stage, and emigrant
wagon. So every road that is built adds days
of time to the working capacity of the people,
and thereby cheapens production and dimin-
ishes the toiling hours of the laboring poor.
It is not true that these roads only swell the
amount of capital in the hands of the few ; they
enrich, like an overflowing stream, the whole
country through which they pass, and the little
mud cabins of the impoverished settlers that
have stood for ygars without the addition of a
single improvement or comfort on the borders
of civilization, awav from roads and markets,
are transformed as By the magician's lamp into
neat and tasteful cottages by their completion.
It may be trae that large fortunes have been
amassed by railroad stockholders and by the
building of railroads; but it is equally true
that the laboring classes of the country receive,
in the necessaries and conveniences of life, far
more for their labor than they did fifty years
ago, while the hours of daily labor have at the
same, time been shortened. Large fortunes
are gathered by a small number of fortunate
or avaricious men, to be scattered by their
profligate sons in the next generation ; but
the farmers and mechanics of the land are
indulging in a style of living that would have
been luxurious to those ancient feudal lords
whose grandeur has so terrified and bewil-
dered the gentleman from Indiana. No civil-
ized nation has been free from the curse of
money kings, with their corrupting power; but
none that has preceded us has witnessed such
a general distribution of wealth and enjoy-
ment of the comforts and luxuries of the
richest classes by the masses of the people;
and no one agency has been more potent in
producing this result than the railroads of the
country.
Corporations are a necessity for the success-
ful prosecution of great enterprises requiring
the expenditure of many millions of money;
and yet the power of corporations singly and
combined, by their concentration of mind and
capital, if not carefully guarded, may bejustly
feared. Capital, however, is no more oppress-
ive or dangerous under the control of a cor-
poration than under that of an individual. One
man with $50,000,000 is possessed of just as
much power, and is liable, for selfish ends, to
use it just as unscrupulously as a company
of men representing an associated capital of
the same amount. The danger of these great
combinations controlling the legislation of the
country, by bribing the legislators of the peo-
ple, is real only by admitting the corruptibil-
ity of the law-makers. I do not believe that
all men have such a greed of power or gain as
to have a price for which they will barter their
principles or their votes; and yet it is doubt-
less true that there are pome inside of our
legislative halls, as well as a great number out-
side, whose moral convictions are weaker than
the power of money.
But is it the true policy of wise legislation
in this age of intelligence to discountenance
or destroy these necessary auxiliaries of our
national development because their powers are
liable to be abused? The same policy would
limit by law individual and associated wealth,
and confiscate all over a prescribed amoottt
that should be accumulated in the hands of
one person or of several combined. This
danger from these corporate bodies is not one
that is inherent within themselves, and it can
be feared only when weak and corrupt men
hold official position. The people can guard
against it by selecting for places of trust men
who are above temptation. To deny that they
have such men is to deny their fitness to gov-
ern themselves. To admit, as we must, that
they do not always do this is to acknowledge
the danger, and shows that it does not lie in
the corporations so much as in the indifference
or carelessness of the people.
However much disappointed or aspiring
county politicians, who have voted in State
Legislatures for joint resolutions requesting
their Representatives to ask of Congress large
grants of land for the purpose of building rail-
roads through their States may stultify them-
selves by denouncing this system after the
roads through their locality have been com-
pleted, I will not be instrumental in covering
the proud name of my State with shame after
the princely donation of millions of acres of
land by the Government has intersected her
cheerless prairies with roads that are covering
them with an industrious people and dotting
them with thriving villages, by denying to
those uninhabitable regions beyond the gen-
erous aid that was given in answer to our
prayers, and is now rapidly advancing ns in
population, wealth, and intelligence to the
front rank of the States of our Union. -
The corporators who receive the grants may
make fortunes from their sale, though com-
paratively few have as yet done so ; but they
can only do it by completifig these public high-
ways over which the products of the farms
and the mines can alone 'find their way to the
marts of trade; and thus the present and en-
during benefits that result to the nation fully
reconcile me to their individual gains. These
men have no estates in entail; nothing but a
life tenure of their wealth. But the roads they
build are eternal monuments of the national
skill and overflowing arteries of its self stimu-
lated and fast-increasing internal commerce.
We should not forget that these lands are used
as a means of procuring the capital abroad as
well as at home with which to forward these
great enterprises. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] has told us that they are
used ill European markets as a guarantee for
loans with which to build the roads; and thus
tht>y are at once transformed from sterile, un-
productive plains to a valuable basis for the
transfer of the capital of the Old World to the
improvement and enriching of the New.
It was but a few years ago that our school
geographies described the Missouri territory,
embracing eight hundred thousand square
miles, as a "vast wilderness, resembling a des-
ert, extending from the State of Missouri and
the river Mississippi to the Rocky mountains;
a region of open, elevated plains, generally
destitute of forest trees and interspersed with
barren hills." The region between the Mis-
souri river and the mountains was designated
on the school maps as the great American
desert. The land-grant policy of Congress has
settled a part of this "vast wilderness," and
the States of Minnesota, Iowa, Nebraska, and
Kansas, with a population of two millions, is
evidence of its wisdom. This desert yielded
in the last year over forty-six million bushels
of wheat, and the cash value of all its produc-
tions was not Jess than $120,000,000. And
not two per cent, of this w.ildern«ss is yet
brought under'cultivation. When we remem-
ber that wheat will not bear transportation
over three hundred and fifty miles by wagon,
the eastern States of the Union will see now
