1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
910
much tliey are indebted to railroads for cheap
breadstuff's and many of the necessaries of life.
Tljere is still enough of this barren tract,
utterly worthless without railroads, to make
ten States as large a9 New York and capable
of exporting more than five hundred million
bushels of wheat alone annually, and adding
to the total agricultural products of the nation
more than one fourth the amount of otir na-
tional debt yearly. Shall these lands, together
with the remainder of our unoccupied territory
lying beyond the terminus of existing roads, be
abandoned, together with the few brave pio-
neers who are already there, to the wild beasts
and equally wild Indians who are wandering
over it, and by whom alone without roads it
is inhabitable? To my mind a renunciation
on the part of the nation of that wise policy
that has encouraged and stimulated these en-
terprises in which §300,000,000 have been
invested within tbePpast year, giving an untold
impulse to every form of internal enterprise
and industry, is a timid step backward, and
an expression of doubt in the superiority of
our civilization of railroads, telegraphs, and
universal knowledge over the ancient civiliza-
tion of dromedaries, camel paths, and general
ignorance of the people.
Neither the fear nor envy of the riches of a
few should be allowed to frighten or blind us
to the great interests of our whole people and
of mankind.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House that
the Senate had passed bills of the House of
the following titles, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 2164) to amend an act
entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved June 20, 1868;
A bill (H. R. No. 2689) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending Jane
30, 1872, and for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2536) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 80, 1872.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate agreed to the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 698) to divide
the State of Virginia into two judicial districts.
The message further announced that the
Senatehad passed a bill (S. No. 1271) to amend
''An act for the relief of Jearum Atkins,"
approved July 15, 1870, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (S. No. 218) prescribing an oath of
office to be taken by persons who participated
in the late rebellion, but who are not disquali-
fied from holding office by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, by unanimous
consent, the bill (H. R. No. 253G) making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1872, with Senate amendments, was taken
from the Speaker's table, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
consular and diplomatic bill.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, by unanimous
consent, the bill (H. R. No. 2889) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1872, and for other purposes,
■with Senate amendments, was taken from the
Speaker's table, and referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 58,
st. croix and bayfield railroad.
Mr. HAY addressed the House in opposi-
tion to the bill. [His remarks will be found
in the Appendix.] At the conclusion of his
remarks he said: 1 yield the remainder of my
time to my colleague, [Mr. Bprchard.]
Mr. BURCHARD. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
make a single suggestion rather as a criticism
upon the phraseology of the bill than in the
way of discussing the merits of the question
whieh have been so fully discussed by the gen-
tlemen who have preceded me. I see that in
the first section of the bill it is proposed to re-
new this grant to the State of Wisconsin upon
the same terms as were contained in the grant
of 1856, and that patents shall issue as pro-
vided for under the conditions of the act of
185G. That act granted these lands to the State
of Wisconsin, to be disposed of by the Legisla-
ture. Clearly, then, it appears to me these
patents should issue to the State of Wiscon-
sin. Yet in the second section of the bill it is
declared that it shall be the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Interior to issue to the purchaser a
patent to these lands. Here are two patents
to be issued by the United States, one to the
State of Wisconsin, under certain conditions,
the lands to be disposed of to these railroads
by the Legislature of the State ; and a subse-
quent patent is to be issued by the United States
to the purchaser of these lands, upon which
settlers may locate who may desire to avail
themselves of the provisions of the second
section.
It is suggested to me that I mistake the real
meaning of the bill. The reading of it is what
I state. I would refer gentlemen to the bill
itself. It appears to me that if this bill should
become a law there will be at least a doubt as
to its construction, whether the State shall
take absolutely upon the terms specified or
whether the title will remain in the United
States, to be vested under the second section
of the act.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker,
I desire, before calling the previous question,
to occupy a few moments upon one point. A
part of the opposition to this bill has been
based upon certain remonstrances presented
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Randall. ] Those remonstrances I hSve taken
care to examine, and they are not from citi-
zens of Wisconsin. I find some four small
ones, and one long one having some three
hundred names upon it. I have made an ex-
amination with a gentleman from Wisconsin,
Judge Barron, now the Fifth Auditor of the
Treasury, who for seven years represented
in the Legislature the locality*from which this
remonstrance purports to come. He found
upon it not one name which he eoultl recog-
nize as that of a citizen of Wisconsin. We
did find upon it the names of over ninety men
whom we knew to be residents of Stillwater,
Minnesota.
I say that these petitions are the same that
were presented two years ago; and they come
from men who are opposed to this interest, but
who do not live in the State of Wisconsin and
who have no right to speak upon this question.
They are recognized by gentlemen who know
as the same remonstrances that were presented
two years ago. This is confirrhed by the tact
that they speak of themselves as citizens of
Dalles county, in connection with other coun-
ties. Now the name of this Dalles county was
changed to Barron county two years ago, and
the documents uwst be at least of that age.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman will find
that the petition I presented came from Polk
county and was so indorsed. But I have other
petitions of the same sort from the county of
Barnett; and they are signed by the county
judge, the county treasurer, and various other
officials of that county.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I say there
has been no Dalles county for the last two
years. The petition to which I refer was got-
ten up more than two years ago, and gotten
up by a lot of Stillwater oiBil, who have no
right to speak in this matter, and who, ifthe'y
spoke now, would speak in favor of it. They
were gotten up in consequence of the feeling
of opposition to an old company which held
on to this grant for many years without build-
ing the road as they bad promised. J met yes-
terday a gentleman from Stillwater, Mr. Castle,
one of the principle citizens of that region,
who told me he had signed the remonstrance
solely upon such grounds, and that he now
favored this bill, because he believed the road
would be built. He is a citizen of Stillwater,
and never lived in Wisconsin. These old
fraudulent remonstrances—and I have good
ground for believing them such—are brought
here by a citizen of Duluth, Who does not pre-
sent them t<J any member of the Wisconsin or
Minnesota delegation, who would instantly
have detected the triek, but palms them off as
genuine upon the verdancy of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. RaxballJ who now
speaks for the Northwest. He stated that they
were presented to him by a distinguished law-
yer from Wisconsin. Who was that distin-
guished lawyer? He announced him as Wil-
liam Foster.
Mr. RANDALL. I did not say that he was
a lawyer. I said that he had been formerly a
member of the Pennsylvania Legislature.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Then the gen-
tleman was misreported in the Globe. The gen-
tleman is there reported as saying that he was
a distinguished lawyer from Wisconsin. But it
makes no matter. I find his name registered
at the National Hotel as William Foster, of
Duluth, Minnesota. I hold in my hand the
announcement of this in a morning newspaper.
This is the distinguished citizen of Wisconsin.
This is the honest man who tells the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] a falsehood
about his residence ; for the gentleman would
certainly not have made the statement upon
this floor Without being so told. Why,- Mr.
Speaker, this Foster is not known Stall to Wis-
consin men, who have a right to know? about
eitizens in that country, fie has never lived
there within their recollection. But he is
known as the brother of Dr. Thomas Foster,
of Duluth, who has been publishing articles
against this renewal. Therefore, sir, I pro-
nounce this to be a fraud. The large one I
know to be a fraud. Upon the smaller one I
cannot recognize citizens of Stillwater. Gen-
tlemen well acquainted with that northwestern
country cannot recognize them as citizens of
Wisconsin. They know of but two exceptions,
and I therefore pronounce them as frauds; and
tho gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] should blush at being even the ignorant
medium of their presentation to Congress.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Are they not citizens of
the United States; and, as such, are they not
interested in the public lands?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I say that
they are presented as citizens of Wisconsin.
They are not so. Being caught in this one
untruth, they are the subject of suspicion, aud
not to be regarded as entitled to respect.
This, Mr." Speaker, [holding up the large peti-
tion] was compared with the poll-list of Still-
water, when it was before presented, and a
most remarkable coincidence was found be-
tween the two. It may be that many of the
names were copied from the poll list with-
out the parties signing it at all, like a Kansas
election. I wish to make this explanation: and
having made it, I now desire to demand the
previous question. Thegentleinari fromPenn-
svlvania can make his explanation afterward.
" Mr. RANDALL. I do not wish to make
any explanation.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
be seconded the vote will first be on the motion
to recommit. If it be not recommitted the
question will be on the amendments success-
ively.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
