THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December. 13,
tution of tie-United States on the classcsof persons
mentioned in the third section of said amendment
Who shall have engaged in insurrection or rebellion
against the United States, or given aid or comfort
to the enemies thereof, be, and the same are hereby,
removed.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
LATE SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I offer the following
preamble and resolution, for action at the
present time:
"Whereas it is essential to the interests and security
of the people that the utmost good faith, honesty,
and harmony should be ordained and maintained
among and between the several great Departments
of the Government; that each should act within its
own proper sphere; and that independence as well
as responsibility should appertain alike to all; and
whereas, also, it is manifest from the marked tone
and character of the published correspondence be-
tween the President of the United States and the late
Secretary qf the Department of the Interior, touch-
ing the resignation of the said Secretary of his high
office, that some undue, improper, and powerfulout-
side influence was made to bear upon and compel
Said resignation, superinduced by a sinister interest
and determination to check some process of needed
reform in the abuses of said Department, alluded
to but not designated in said correspondence; and
whereas, also, in a free Government, like ours, it is tho
right of the people, through their immediate repre-
sentatives, by all proper instrumentalities not ex-
pressly forbidden by tho Constitution, nor upon sub-
jects the exposition of which would be detrimental
to the public interests or affect the public peace, to
know all the facts, appliances,and influences by which
the enforced resignation of a high andunimpeached
public officer of the Government has been consum-
mated: Therefore
Be it hereby resolved, That a select committee of five
members of this House be appointed by the Speaker,
whose duty it shall be to investigate the causes which
led to tho resignation of Hon. Jacob D. Cox as Secre-
tary of the Department of the Interior; that they
report thoir proceedings and the testimony to this
House at as early a day as practicable; and that they
have full power to send for persons and papers in said
investigation.
Mr. Kellogg and Mr. Mercur objected.
homesteads eor soldiers, seamen, etc.
Mr. POMEROY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2520) to amend sec-
tion twenty-five of the act of July 15, 1870,
providinghomesteads for officers, soldiers, sea-
men, marines, and other persons who served
in the Army of the United Stales during the i
rebellion ; which was read a first and second !
time. !
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that the bill be I
now put upon its passage. j
The bill was read. It provides that section i
twenty-five of the act entitled "An act making !
appropriations for the support of the Army for j
the year ending June 30,1871, and for other
purposes" be so amended that all soldiers, sea-
men, marines, officers, or other persons who
were included within the provisions of said
sections, and had settled upon homestead or
preemption claims prior to the passage of said
act shall be permitted to take of any Govern-
ment lands adjoining their homestead or pre-
emption claims an amount sufficient to make
one quarter-section, in accordance with the
terms and conditions prescribed by said sec-
tion.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. POMEROY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
accounts of internal revenue officers.
• Mr. WINCHESTER, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was !
read, considered, and agreed to: !
Resolved .That the Secretary of the Treasury be i
and he is hcrcljy, directed to furnish this Hou«o a
statement of the balances due from collectors of
internal revenue who are not now in office, and the
total amount of the balances so due as they appear
on the booksof theaecountingofficersof bis Depart-
ment on tho 30th day of June, 1870; that he further
inform this House what amount of said balances
have been paid, and in detail, by whom, since the
2d day of May, 7870; the names of the collectors who
hive been sued on their bonds since their removal
from office, with the cause of removal in each ease; 1
by what President said collectors were appointed,
and by what President they were removed.
UNITED STATES AND CHINA.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution, for considera-
tion at the present time :
Jlesolved, That it is th e sense of the House of Rep-
resentatives that the best interests of the United
States demand the immediate abrogation of the
treaty between its Government and the Government
of China, except the portion thereof relating to com-
mercial intercourse between the two countries.
Meaolved, further. That a certified copy of the fore-
foing resolution be respectfully transmitted to the
'resident for his consideration.
Mr.WILLARD. I think that resolution had
better go to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 would much prefer to
have it voted on now.
Mr. WILLARD. Then I object to the reso-
lution.
mediterranean, etc., steamship company.
Mr. CALKIN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2521) to aid the Med-
iterranean and Oriental Steam Navigation
Company, of New York, to establish an Amer-
ican line of iron steamships foropening direct
trade between the United States and southern
Europe, for carrying the mails of the United
States, and for promoting immigration into the
souther* States of the Union ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
benjamin f. richards.
On motion ofMr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous
consent, joint resolution (S. R. No. 118) to
place the name of Benjamin F. Richards on
the active list of the Navy was taken from the
Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time-
The. joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by'whieh the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid-on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tax on tobacco and cigars.
Mr. MYERS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, considered, and adopted:
Whereas experience has shown that taxes, as far as
possible, should be uniform; and whereas a uniform
and reasonable tax on all kinds of cigars has not only
proved satisfactory to those interested, but advan-
tageous to both Government andpeople by checking
fraud and adding largely to the revenue: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be, and they are hereby, requested to inquire into
the expediency of levying a tax of sixteen cents a
pound on tobacco of every description, and to report
by bill or otherwise.
aggressions upon american fishermen.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to present the petition of two thousand citizens
of Gloucester, Massachusetts, for relief against
the seizure of their fishing vessels by the Cana-
dian authorities. I present it, not under the
rules, in order to bring it to the attention of
the countryI ask that it be read.
No objection being made, the petition was
read, as follows:
To the Honorable Senate and
_ House of Representatives in Congress assembled :
This memorial respectfully represents that owing
to the coercive principle adopted by tho Dominion
of Canada, whereby tho treaty of 1818 is made the
basis of arbitrary laws and regulations, the fishing
interests of the United States, being the most
vulnerable, pomt,_ have been subjected to outrage,
directed with a viciv to accomplish the following
ret-ults:
To obtain satisfaction for alleged Fenian raids;
to force the United States to renew the reciprocity
treaty; to drive American fishermen from their
waters, thereby reducing the number of fishing ves-
sels, weakening the marine power of tho United
States, and making a monopoly of the fishing busi-
ness in the hands of the Canadians to supply our
markets.
To this end they have captured American fishing
vessels, broken up their voyages, and confiscated
their tares. They have declared absolute non-inter-
course with She fishermen of the United States,
refusing the right to buy stores or supplies at any
of their ports, driving them from their harbors where
they had sought shelter, refusing the landing or
bonding of American fish or mackerel for-export to
the United States. They have seized mackerel saved
from vessels wrecked on their coasts, refused sup-
plies to disabled vessels, and harassed the fishermen
in a manner peculiar to British authority.
Your memorialists would therefore pray that a
non-intercourse act be passed, similar in its effects
to that of Canada, whereby the same treatment may
be applied to all vessels hailing from the British
provinces as that suffered by American fishermon;
also, for an act prohibiting the importation ofBn^lish
or Canadian fish or mackerel, so long as American
vessels are prohibited from taking fish and mackerel
in so-called British waters; also, that transportation
in bond of merchandise for Canada through American
territory be prohibited until Canadian ports are
opened for transportation in bond of American fish,
mackerel, or other merchandise to and from the
United States; also, that the United States demand
full and complete indemnity for vessels and cargoes
captured, and for all detentions and outrages com-
mitted on fishing vessels and their crews by British
armed vessels.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that this petition be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to; and the petition
was referred accordingly.
american shipping.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 415) to secure eligibility to Ameri-
can ships for foreign trade, and to encourage
ship-building in the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
colorado and new mexico railroad.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2522) to authorize the
construction of a railway and telegraph line
from Denver, in the Territory of Colorado, by
way of Santa F6 to Albuquerque, in New Mex-
ico, and for other purposes ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I wish
to submit amotion to which, I think, there will
be no objection. It is known'to members of
the House that there are many bills and joint
resolutions, together with other matters, on the
Speaker's table, which should be referred to
the appropriate committees. I therefore move
that the House now proceed to business on the
Speaker's table, with the understanding that
bills, &c., to which there shall be no objection
shall be referred to the appropriate commit-
tees, while those to which there may be objec-
tion shall remain upon the Speaker's table.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
judgments of court oi? claims.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
a communication from the clerk of the Court
of Claims, transmitting to the House a state-
ment of the judgments rendered by the said
court for the year ending December 5, 1870;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
post office property.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a communication from the Postmaster General,
transmitting to the Houseareport ofthe prop-
erty of the United States held by the Post
Office Department December 1, 1870; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
time of holding congressional elections.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the amendment^of the Senate to the bill ofthe
House No. 1705, to fix thetimeforthe election
ot Representatives and Delegates in the Con-
gress of the United States.
Mr. DAWES. That does not want apy action,
except a nonconcurrence in the amendment,
of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. It is a bill apportioning
members of the House of Representatives.
