1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
Mr. DAWES. I think the original bill is
one fixing the time for electing members of
the House of Representatives. The Senate
has added, by way of amendment, a provision
fixing the apportionment of the Forty-Second
Congress, which I presume no one will want
to press now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that it
be referred to the select Committee, on the
Ninth Census.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] has stated the matter
CQrrectly. The original bill relates to the time
for electing Representatives and Delegates in
Congress; the amendment of the Senate relates
to the apportionment of the Forty-Second Con-
gress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Committee
on the Ninth Census has before it the subject
of apportionment, and I think this proposition
of the Senate should be referred to that com-
mittee.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest that, if the
Committee on the Ninth Census has the sub-
ject of apportionment before it, it should be
kept separate from the subject of fixing the
time for electing members of Congress.
Mr. PAINE. I think if this subjectis referred
to any committee it should be referred to the
Committee of Elections, who reported the
original bill.
Mr. DAWES. The bill was introduced by
myself, and on my motion referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections. I will consent to its ref-
erence now to that committee.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will remem-
ber the conditions on which the House went
to business on the Speaker's table. It was
simply for the purpose of referring bills to the
reference of which there should be no objec-
tions. If gentlemen differ about the reference
of a bill that is equivalent to an objection, and
the bill remains on the Speaker's table.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is where this bill
ought to be.
The SPEAKER. According to the con-
struction of the Chair, there is objection to
the reference of this bill.
DONATION OF CONDEMNED ORDNANCE.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
Senate amendment to the joint resolution (n.
R. No. 077) granting condemned ordnance to
the Seventh Regiment Monument Association ;
of Ohio; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
CAPTAIN DOMINICK LYNCH.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was j
Senate amendment to joint resolution (H. R.
No. 80) for the restoration of Captain Dom- ;
inick Lynch, of the United States Navy, to the ,
active list from the reserved list; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD, SOUTHERN BRANCH.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
joint resolution (S. R. No. 129) to amend sec-
tion ten of an act entitled "An act granting j1
lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con- j
struction of a southern branch of the Union j
Pacific railway and telegraph from Fort Riley, j
Kansas, to Fort Smith, Arkansas. |
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas._ I object to the i
reference of this joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made to
the reference, the joint resolution will remain
on the Speaker's table.
IMMIGRATION LAWS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was (lie bill (S. No. 251) to repeal an act
entitled "An act to prevent the importation
of certain persons into certain States where
by the laws thereof their admission is pro-
hibited," approved February 28, 1863; which
was read a first and second time, and on motion
of Mr. Banks referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
oath of office.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 218) prescribing an oath of
office to be taken by persons who participated
in the late rebellion, but who are not disquali-
fied from holdingofficeby the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to the reference
of this bill.
The SPEAKER. It will remain on the
Speaker's table.
counterfeiting of foreign trade-marks.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 265) to prevent the counter-
feiting of foreign trade-marks protected by
treaty stipulations; which was read a first and
second time, and on motion of Mr. Kelsey
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
LAND-GRANT RAILROAD IN KANSAS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 445) to amend an act entitled
"An act for a grant of lands to the State of
Kansas, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads and telegraphs in
said State."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, and others
objected to the reference of the bill.
LAND GRANTS TO ALABAMA.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 140) to renew certain grants of
land to the State of Alabama.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I object to
the reference of this bill.
land grants to nevada.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 325) amendatory of an act
entitled "An act to further provide forgiving
effect to the various grants of public lands to
the State of Nevada," approved June 8,1868.
Objection being made to the reference of the
bill, it was returned to the Speaker's t^ble.
importation of machinery.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 525) to enable George D. Rob-
erts, of Alameda county, California, to import
certain machinery free of duty; which was read
a first and second time, and on motion of Mr.
Hooper, of Massachusetts, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
LAND-GRANT RAILROAD IN WISCONSIN.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 72) granting lands to the State
of Wisconsin to aid in the construction of the
Green Bay and Lake Pepin railway.
Mr. SAWYER. I object to the reference
of that bill.
SHIPPING COMMISSIONERS.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
the bill (S. No. 532) to authorize the appoint-
ment of shipping commissioners by the judges
of the several district courts of the U nited States
to superintend the shipping and discharge of
seamen engaged in merchant ships belonging
to the United States, and for the further pro-
tection of seamen; which was read a first and
second time, and, on motion of Mr. Conger,
j referred to the Committee on Commerce.
STOCKliRIDGE AND MUNSEE INDIANS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 610) for the relief of the Stock-
bridge and Munsee tribe of Indians, in the State
of Wisconsin.
Mr. SAWYER. I object to the reference
of that bill.
BILLS, ETC., OBJECTED TO.
The reference of the following bills and joint
resolutions upon the Speaker's table was sev-
erally objected to:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 49) directing the
Secretary of the Interior to issue a patent to
the Indiana Yearly Meeting of the Society of
Friends tor a certain tract of' land in the Shaw-
nee reservation;
An act (S. No. 393) to aid in the construc-
tion of the Omaha and Northwestern railroad
and telegraph line from Omaha, via the mouth
of the Niobrara river, to a point of junction
with the Northern Pacific railroad, in Dakota
Territory;
An act (S. No. 483) granting lands and the
right of way in Missouri and Arkansas to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line along or near the thirty-sixth parallel of
north latitude, from the Mississippi river to th«
Arkansas river;
An act (S. No. 824) authorizing the Southern
Minnesota Railroad Company to connect its
lines with the Northern Pacific railread;
An act (S. No. 112) to aid in the construc-
tion of the Oregon Branch railroad ;
An act (S. No. 875) to create a port of deliv-
ery at Duluth, Minnesota;
An act (S. No. 381) granting lands to aid the
construction of a railroad from the western
boundary of Minnesota, at the junction of the
Sioux Wood river with the Red River of the
North, to the Winnipeg district of British
America;
An act (S. No. 268) granting public lands in
the State of Alabama to the Decatur and Aber-
deen Railroad Company, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad to be built from Deca-
tur, Alabama, to Aberdeen, Mississippi;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 181) forthe ben-
efit of Wilberforce University;
An act (S. No. 892) to provide for a build-
ing suited to the use of the post office, the
pension and revenue officers, and the judicial
officers of the United States in the city of Tren-
ton, New Jersey ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 187) extending
the time to construct a railroad from the St.
Croix river or lake to the west end of Lalca
Superior to Bayfield ;
An act (S. No. 506) making a grant of land
to aid in the construction of a railroad in the
Territory of Dakota;
An act (S. No. 168) granting lands to aid in
the const,suction of a railroad from Lincoln, in
the State of Nebraska, and Brownville, in the
State of Nebraska, to Denver, Colorado Ter-
ritory ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 179) authorizing
water-gauges to be established and observa-
tions to be made upon the Mississippi river
and its principal tributaries, with a view to
obtaining information required for the protec-
tion of the alluvial lands against overflow and
for the improvement of navigation ;
An act (S. No. 438) granting lands to aid
in the construction of certain railroads in the
State of Florida;
An act (S. No. 760) for the relief of Lucas,
Dickinson, and other counties in the State of
Iowa;
An act (S. No. 439) to grant land to the
Sierra Iron Company;
An act (S. No. 987) to renew a certain grant
of lands to the State of Alabama ;
An act (S. No. 647) to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid in the
construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses;
An act (S. No. 980) for the relief of Joseph
S. Finch & Co., of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania;
An act (S. No. 924) making a grant of lands
to the North Louisiana and Texas Railroad
Company, to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Vicksburg, Mississippi, on the Mis-
sissippi river, to the Texas State line;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 195) authorizing
the Midland Pacific Railway Company to build
a bridge at or near Nebraska City, to connect
its road with other railroads ;
An act (S. No. 477) to amend an act entitled
"An act for a grant of land to the State o.
Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad in saidState," approved
May 12, 1864, and to grant lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad from O'Brien county,
Iowa, to the Missouri river ;
