1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
a little branch of some twenty miles branch-
ing off to St. Croix falls, in regard to which
there is a motion to strike out, and upon which
I suppose the House will act as in its judgment
it may think best. I hope it will not be stricken
out; but if the House should think otherwise
and strike it out, the bill will then be simply a
renewal or extension of the time for the com-
pletion of the road as originally granted, noth-
ing more.
I asserted further that there was no man,
woman, or child in Wisconsin who did not
desire the renewal of this grant. I assert that
to day: I assert that that statement has not and
cannot be impeached. The Legislature of the
State of Wisconsin has, within a few days,
unanimously memorialized for an extension of
the time. The Legislature of Minnesota has
adopted a like memorial, almost unanimously,
there being but one dissenting vote, and that
from the celestial city of Duluth. And here
I may state that the only opposition to this
bill in the Northwest—for not only the State
of Minnesota and the State of Wisconsin, but
the State of Michigan and the State of Iowa
all favor it—the only opposition comes from
the city of Dulutb.
A Representative has been sent from that
city here to log-roll against this bill and to mis-
represent the wishes of that section of country.
Sir, it is well for gentlemen to understand the
animus of this opposition from Duluth. This
road does not, 1 am happy to say, terminate
at that renowned city, but upon two of the
finest harbors in the world, one terminus being
at the city of Superior, upon the bay of St.
Louis, as beautiful a sheet of water as the eye
ever rested upon, nearly land locked, and
being two miles wide and eight miles in length.
The city of Superior, upon the shore of this
beautiful bay, and within sight of Duluth, is
the Mordecat in the king's gate, as it is a
perpetual reminder of the folly of the insane
men who have attempted to build a city where
God and nature have declared it to be impos-
sible. The other terminus, at Bayfield, is upon
a bay unsurpassed for its safe harbor for ship-
ping and the delightful scenery around it.
Upon these two cities, with their beautiful
bays, Duluth naturally looks with an evil eye.
Why? With no natural advantages, it sees
that sooner or later they must absorb what
there is of Duluth. Had the most ingenious
man that the world ever saw been directed to
seek the point on Lake Superior from Sault
Ste. Marie to Fond du Lac that was absolutely
the worst for founding a city he certainly
would have selected Duluth. Upon the side
of a mountain at the head of the lake, where
the winds and the waves have an uninterrupted
sweep tor four hundred miles when the winter
gales come down from the northeast, any one
not a natural fool can see that to build and
maintain a harbor there is simply impossible.
The foolish men of whom I have beforespoken
have poured out the money of theirtoo confid-
ing friends in the attempt in untold thousands.
But their grand breakwater, built at immense
cost, was swept away by the first storm, (and
not much of a storm at that,) as if built of pine
boards.
I before stated the further fact that a large
amount of lands had been sold at $2 50 an
acre, for which the Government has received
the money, in the expectation that this rail-
road would be built. That fact has not been
denied, but is admitted, I may say, further,
that no State has been denied the privilege of
time to complete a land grant road when', act-
ing in good faith, it has failed to do so for want
of time and has come here and asked for an
extension. Such a request has never been
refused in any instance that I am aware of. ^
Now, I was astonished at the speech of the
gentleman from Indian^, [Mr. II0LMA.-Y,j in-
veighing so strongly against the system of land
grants. I beg to remind bim tii&t IudiftUft
the State that first set the example, and I think
the first land grant ever made was made to
the State of Indiana for the Wabash and Erie
canal.
Mr. HOLMAN. And a very unfortunate
grant it was.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The only
reason that they did not have land grants
for railroads was that before railroads came
intd existence the Government lands were
exhausted in that State. The gentleman does
not know what railroads do for the new States.
He thinks that Wisconsin and Minnesota and
other northwestern States should be developed
by quinine and calomel as Indianawas, iqstpad
of by railroads. [Laughter.] Bat, Mr. Speaker,
I do notdesire to take up the time of the House
further. The question is fully understood, and
I now yield the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I yield now
for three minutes to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Johssox.]
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, I simply
want to state my position on this bill. So far,
on every occasion when it has been before the
House, I have voted with the friends of the
measure. I should be glad to do so now, and
would do so now if we could incorporate a
provision in the bill restricting the sale of
the lands to $2 50 per acre. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Washbcrs] has
just stated that the Government has sold a
large quantity of these lands for $2 50 per
acre. If the Government can find purchasers
for the lands at $2 50 per acre, I think that
the company can. I desire to vote with the
friends of this bill. I believe that the con-
struction of this road will be a great benefit
not only to that section but to the whole coun-
try. But I cannot do it unless there is incor-
porated in the bill a restriction upon the com-
pany in that regard. It is a matter of principle
with me. In 18G7, I believe, I offered to this
House the first bill ever offered in Congress
embracing this provision: that all the lands
granted should be sold to actual settlers in
quantities not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres. I have persistently voted for that
principle every time the question has been pre-
sented to the House, and through my exertions
and with the aid of the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. J u LI ax] we have now incorporated
that as a plank in the Democratic platform.
I will not go behind it for any railroad meas-
ure except the great transcontinental railroad
that we propose to pass in a few days, running
from Texas to San Diego in California.
Mr. Speaker, I am not frightened away from
these railroad grants by the bugaboo that is
constantly presented to members ot wronging
the actual settlers. We have now public
domain enough to make two hundred and fifty
States of convenient size. We have in the
State of California nearly one hundred million
acres of vacant lands, lands that will be vacant
as long as the sun shines unless we have rail-
roads in that country to carrv settlers to the
landg and to enable the setflers to get their
produce to market. In addition tQ this we
have more than fifty million acres in the south-
ern States, exclusive of Texas.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I now peld
one minute to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cox.] I know he can say a great deal
in a minute.
Mr! COX. I shall be entirely pontent to
present a petition from the artisans of my dis-
trict in the city of New York, who are opposed,
in a body, to the absorption of the puDlie lands
in this way. I do not propose to discuss, nor
do I know, the peculiar merits or denierits ot
this bill. But I .do know this : that the body
of the people of this country, of the working-
men—irrespective of p'H'ty, 1 think are begin-
ning to be jealous of pur conduct here in respect
of the public lands. And whatever may be
done hereafter by the two political parties, m
my judgment one thing is clear, that the Dem-
ocratic party will fix up a platform in corre-
spondence with the platform of the working-
men. And if the Republican party will make
another platform, it will only assist us to obtain
power in 1872.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. A question.
Mr. COX. Not when I have but a minute,
my kind friend. I have here a petition signed
by one thousand citizens of the ninth, fifteenth,
and sixteenth wards of the city of New York,
which make up the sixth congressional dis-
trict of that State ; and I would say that I do
not belong to the "bloody sixth" ward of
New York, by any means; but I belong to the
sixth congressional district, which embraces a,
large portion of the intelligence of the city of •
New York. Of course I say this with all due
deference to my colleagues here who represent
portions of the city of New Yprk, of which
poitions, I doubt not, all the intelligent cit-
izens unite with these petitioners of my dis-
trict, who remonstrate against the constant
incursions of Congress upon the domain of the
people. Sir, we are told that there are only
about one thousand million acres of public
land left.
. Mr. HOLMAN. Including mountain land.
Mr. COX. My friend from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] is authority in this matter. We have
more right than any other two men in this
House to speak against these grants. We are
the only two men now in Congress who were
here in 1862 voting against all grants of public
lands to railroad corporations. And we on
this side voted unanimously for a resolution,
which came fiom this side of the House,
against the policy of making these grants of
land.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. How about the land
grant for the Wahash and Erie canal, given
to Indiana in 1838, and which was the first
land steal legalized in this country?
Mr. COX. I would have be§n opposed to
that. And that grant was given to the State
of Indiana, and not to a .selfish corporation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX I wish to present this petition.
The SPEAKER." 11 pan be {.resented, under
the rule, at the Clerk's dgsfc.
Mr. WILSON, of "Minnesota. Mr. Speaker,
I think this House should look to the interests
and rights of the settlers now upon the public
lands of the West, and of those who intend to
go there, rather than of those who live in the
district of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] or the district of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.] We do not
pretend to speak for their constituency, but for
our own people vitally interested in this meas-
ure. We speak for the emigration' which
always comes to the locality of land grants.
The gentleman's constituency cannot be bene-
fited by the defeat of this bill, and they should
pot be so ungenerous as to desire injury to
ibeir fellow-workme^'who havp chosen agri-
culture instead of mantiiactiiring for tneir em-
ployment.' ^
The'gentlgWi from New York [Mr. Cox]
says he has a petition signed by a thousand
names, of persons who kuow little or nothing
about this matter, hot one in a hundred of
whom will ever move West. Sir, I bold in
my hand petitions from three thousand settlers
upon the public dotnaih, who are immediately
affected "by this bill; and they are not fraud-
ulent petitions; their nanaes ar$ written by
themselves, their pist!office addressg^at'tached.
They are known to'members of Congress here
from the State of Wisconsin y]10 Recognize
them and indorse them as proper persons to
speak on this subject. It is in their interest
and for th«ir right's we contend; 1 hey should
be considered in pre'ferenee_ tp those who have
really no part nor lot in this matter. \\ ho is
best qualified to judge of the interests ot that
section, the men who immediately represent
it, or the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Cox,] or the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
