92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
&c., upon that ground, I suggest to my friend, j
and ask him, to let this resolution lie over till
to-morrow, although if he insists upon it I do |
not know that I shall object to its consideration |
now. |
Mr. STEWART. I should very much like I
to have that information. i
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest that the reso- j
lution lie over till to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from j
Vermont asks that the resolution lie over till '
to-morrow, which is in the nature of an obiec- ;
lion.
mississippi ship-canal.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer the following resolu- i
tion, and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of oon- |
structing and maintaining, at the expense and under ;
the exclusive superintendence of the General Gov-
ernment. a ship-canal from the Mississippi river, at
or near Port St. Philip, to a point near Breton Island, .
in the Gulf of Mexico, tho canal to be open, a free !
way to all commerce entering or departing from the <
Mississippi liver.
There being no objection, the Senate pro- -
ceeded to consider the resolution. i
Mr. HARRIS. I will state that there was j
once a survey made of this canal. It is less '
than six miles in length, and it connects the j
waters of the Mississippi river with the navi-
gable waters of the Gulf of Mexico.
The resolution was adopted.
new york central railroad. j
Mr. NYE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con- ']
sent, and agreed to: '
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo j
requested to-communicate to the Senate the pro- I
ceedingsthat have been hud relative tothecoUec- l|
tion of the tax on tho §45,000,000 scrip dividend of II
the Hew York Central Railroad Company, and ij
whether the said tax has been paid into the Treas- ;!
uiy of the United Slates.
troops at delaware election. ;
Mr. SAULSBURY. As the Senate have ti
been so kind this morning as to allow a great !|
many resolutions to be passed without objec- '
tion, I hope that kindness will exist for a few
minutes longer and allow the resolution which
1 offered on Monday last to be adopted by the
Senate. I have no doubt the Senate will do
so, inasmuch as they have manifested great
kindness in that regard to others. I hope the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] who
makesmore objections than any one else, will
not object, considering the pleasant disposition
of the Senate this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware moves to proceed to the considera-
tion of tho resolution offered by him on Mon-
day last.
Mr. SHERMAN. What about?
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. In regard to
troops in Delaware.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator can get all that
information by going to the Department.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I appeal to my friend
not to object. There is nothing called for by
theresolutionthatis not proper to be called for.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
have the resolution road. There may be in it
what the Senator said was in mine the other
day. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Senator from Delaware, which has been
laid over under the rules, will be read.
I he Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
follows:
lieaolved, That the President be requested and the
Secretary of War be directed to inform tho Senate
whether any part of the land and naval forces were
sent into or directed to be present at any election
bold in the State of Delaware on the 8th day of
November last, and by what authority of law tho
said forces were so sent or directed to be present, and
tho number of said forces, and what necessity existed
in said State for said_forces to be sent or directed to
be present as aforesaid.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from Dela-
ware to allow it to lie over until to-morrow
morning.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Very well, sir; I with-
draw the motion.
ADJOURNMENT TOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. BOREMAN. I move to proceed to the
consideration of the House coneurrent.resolu-
tion in regard to a recess.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following concurrent
resolution of the House of Representatives:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That when the
two Houses adjourn on Thursday, the 22d instant,
they adjourn to meet again on Wednesday, the 4th
I day of January next, at twelve o'clock noon.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The question is
! on concurring in the resolution of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tho Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CARPENTER, (when his name was
called.) On this question I am paired with
the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. McDonald.]
If he were here he would vote yea, and I should
vote nay.
The result was announced—yeas 36, nays
16 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Boreman, Brownlow, Buckingham, Casserly, Conk-
ling, Fenton, Flanagan. (iilbert,Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Howard, Johnston,
Kellogg, Lewis. McCreery, Osbom, Pool, Ramsey,
Kevels, Rice, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer,
Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Vickeis,WiUey,
and Windom—H6.
NAY'S—Messrs. Cole, Davis, Edmunds, Hamlin,
Harlan, Howell, Morrill ot Vermont, Patterson, Pom-
eroy, Pratt, Ross, Soluirz, Sherman, Sumner, Wil-
liams, ancl Wilson—1(5.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell,
Chandler, Corbett, Cragm, Drake, Ferry, Fowler,
Howe, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye,
Robertson, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, Warner,
and Yates—20.
So the concurrent resolution was passed.
POLYGAMY IN UTAH.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent to
offer an amendment to the bill (EI. R. No. 1089)
in aid of the execution of the laws in the Terri-
torj' of Utah, and for other purposes. I ask
to have this amendment printed atthi3 time, so ,
that it may be before us. I do it by request of I
a member of the House of Representatives.
The motion to print was agreed to.
ClIAItOKS AGAINST SENATOR, SPKAGUE.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote adopting the resolution
offered yesterday by the Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Sprague] calling for original papers
from the War Department. I have not the
least objection to the object to be accomplished
by the resolution; but it seems to me to be
altogether improper to take from the files
of any of the Departments original papers.
I noticed, on the reading of the Journal
this morning, that the resolution calls for the
originals instead of copies.
Mr. SPRAG UE. I supposed the original
papere would be safe in the hands of a com-
mittee of the Senate. It is important to the
proper examination of this matter that the
original papers should be in the possession of
the committee, and I trust the Senate will
grant me this favor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves to reconsider the vote by which,
yesterday, the resolution offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the presence of the
original papers referred to is necessary for the
investigation of a committee, I submit to the
Senator from Rhode Island that the proper
course is for the committee to call on the De-
partment to send some one of its officers with
the papers for the inspection of the committee.
But this resolution calls on the Department to
send its original files to this body, to be put
into the custody of the Secretary of the Senate.
While I entirely sympathize with the object the
Senator seeks to accomplish in this instance,
it would be setting a bad precedent and deal-
ing with the files of an executive Department
in a manner that, it appears to me, would be
altogether improper. There is no difficulty in
the committee's getting the original papers in
the way I suggest, which is the usual course
where it is necessary that original papers should
be had.
Mr. POMJ3ROY. I would suggest to the
Senator from Rhode Island that this is asking
the Department to violate its rules. The rules
governing the Department the Secretary was
authorized by Congress to make, and he lias
made a rule that original papers shall not
be removed. This is the Senate asking the
Department to violate its own law. I have no
objection to the object the Senator has in view.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The practice of the Senate
is contrary to what is stated here. The Com-
mittee on Claims frequently, by the sole jet
of the committee or of a member of the com-
mittee, secure original papers connected with
a case. Original papers have been brought
before that committee in a great number of
instances, to my knowledge.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Department will
intrust a Senator or committee with papers
on the promise of their return, that is one
thing.
Mr. CONKLING. Then they still remain
in the custody of the Department.
Mr. POMEROY. They still remain in the
custody of the Department, because the Sen-
ator or the committee is responsible for their
return. But here is the Senate by a resolu-
tion proposing to violate a rule which is estab-
lished in the War Department; and that is
unprecedented in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have had some experi-
ence in regard to these matters, and I know
that the Departments will not furnish original
papers and cannot do it. According to the prac-
tice and custom of the Government they always
furnish copies. Either House may call for
copies, and if the committee having this mat-
ter in charge, to whom the papers shall be
referred, shall desire originals, they can send
to the Department and have the papers brought
in the custody of an officer of the Department,
and the committee can inspect them. That is
the usual course. We have constant inspec-
tion of papers when it is necessary to identify
them or prove handwriting or the like.
I remember a case involving an investiga-
tion pending before the House of-Represent-
atives, when I was a member of it, where the
House called for the original papers from the
Navy Department, and the then Secretary of
the Navy declined to send us the originals,
but sent us copies, and afterward sent a clerk
with the originals to exhibit them to us, say-
ing that the papers were in the custody of the
Department, and he did not feel at liberty to
send them to us except to submit them to our
inspection.
It seems to me that the Senator from Rhode
Island ought to submit to an amendment call-
ing for copies, and then if the inspection of
the original papers becomes at all material to
him they can be obtained by a request of the
committee having the matter in charge.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont desire action at the pres-
ent time on his motion to reconsider?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It may as well be done,
because then the Senator from Rhode Islaud
can obtain the substance of what he desires.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. Tho pendency
of the motion to reconsider prevents action
under the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know that, and I donot
desire to defeat the wishes of the Senator from
Rhode Island, and therefore we may as well
take the vote now, with the permission of the
Chair.
Ihe \ ICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to reconsider the vote adopting
the resolution yesterday offered by the S ena-
tor from Rhode Island.
The motion was agreed to.
