1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
919
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national education.
The SPEAKER. The next special order is
the bill (H. R. No. 1326) to establish a system
of national education.
Mr. McNEELY. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
offer a substitute for that bill.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hoar] has charge of that bill.
It has been twice read, and the question is,
" Shall it be engrossed and read a third time?"
Mr. HOAR. I decline to yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois for his amendment.
Mr. McNEELY. The gentleman promised
to yield to me to move my amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has nothing to
do with that,
Mr. McNBELY. Did you not promise me
an opportunity to offer my amendment?
Mr. HOAR. I did; but not at this time.
yerba been a.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My col-
league yields to me to enter a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the report and resolution
of the Judiciary Committee concerning Yerba
Buena were recommitted.
Mr. RANDALL. We do not understand
what is going on, and should like to have the
Chair explain it.
The SPEAKER. This morning a report
was made from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary by the gentleman from Massachusetts in
relation to Yerba Buena, which, on his motion,
was ordered to be printed and recommitted.
He now enters a motion to reconsider the
vote by which it was recommitted.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. It will be in order if the
gentleman from Massachusetts yields for that
purpose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. When this report was
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts, I
suggested to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
who was making motions to reconsider and to
lay them on the table, that he should make
the motion to reconsider the vote by which
this report was recommitted and have it laid
on the table. I understood him to say that
he had done so.
Mr. RANDALL. I said that I would do so j
at the -endof the day. The gentleman mis-
understood me.
Mr. KELSEY. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. Under the rule, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has the right to
yield to his colleague to enter the motion to
reconsider; but the motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to lay it on the table can-
not be entertained unless the gentleman having
charge of this special order yields for that
purpose.
Mr. RANDALL. The House will see the
propriety of adhering to the general rule of
reconsidering and laying on the table all such
motions. Here is another scheme.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman were not disposed to look unfavor-
ably on everything I do, he would understand
that this is a simple resolution to order the
Attorney General to bring a suit on behalf of
the United States to determine the title of the
United States in this tract of land.
Mr. RANDALL. The title to the property
is already in the United States, and no suit is
required.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
exactly what is in contest.
Mr. RANDALL. But we have possession.
This is to get an adverse decision on the title
of the U uited States. -
Mr. DAWES. It is to clear up a cloud on
bo title.
reconsideration of references.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to reconsider all
references to-day of bills and joint resolutions
in regard to'which that motion has notalready
been made; and move to lay ou the table the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does that
carry the motion which I have entered to re-
consider?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
The motion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider was agreed to.
national education.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is the consideration of the special order,
the title of which will again be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
A bill (H. It. No. 1325) to establish a system of
national education.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now j
adjourn. |
The SPEAKER. This bill, under the rules,
will have to be reported in full, unless unan-
imous consent is given to waive the reading.
But, pending the reading of the bill, the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] moves that
the House adjourn.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to say, that after the
bill and the amendments I have submitted are
read, I will yield to my colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. NcNeely] to move his amend-
ments. As regards the motion to adjourn, I
ask how the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] got the floor for that purpose. I thought
I had the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas- !
sachusetts [Mr. Hoar] is not in possession of
the floor until the bill has been read. After
the bill has been read he is entitled to the
floor for one hour ; but, pending the reading
of the bill, it is the right of* any gentleman to
move that the Hruse adjourn.
Mr. McNEELY. I wish the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] to inform me at
what stage he is willing that I should offer my
amendments. I have to ask him whether he
will allow me to offer a substitute; if so, at
what stage of the proceedings; and also what
time he intends to allow for discussion on the
bill.
Mr. HOAR. In reply to the gentleman from ,j
Illinois, [Mr. McNeei.y.] who is a member of J
the committee which has reported this bill, I J
beg to say that after the bill and the amend- 'j
ments which I myself offer to it, and which I |
have just sent to* the Clerk, shall have been
read, I propose t.o allow the gentleman to offer :
his substitute. As regards the other question, ■
as to the length of time to be allowed for the
discussion, 1 do not know how far the control
of that matter would be in my power. I desire (
to afford as mueh time for the discussion of
the bill as the House is willing to allow for that
purpose. I am ready to come to an under-
standing as to that by the unanimous consent
of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make a
parliamentary inquiry. If the House should
adjourn now what would be the effect of the
adjournment npon the pending bill ?
The SPEAKER. To- morrow, being Friday,
is devoted to private bills, and the morning
hour must be given to the consideration ot
reports from committees of a private nature,
after which the motion to go into Committee of
the Whole on the Private Calendar would also
be the first in order. The probability is, accord-
iii" to the ordinary course of the business of
the House, that if the House should now
adjourn this bill will not be reached again till
Tuesdav. after the morning hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will it then remain
a special order'?
The SPEAKER. It will remain a special
order until disposed of.
Mr. COX. I have no objection to an order
being'given before the House adjourns for the
printing of the amendments and substitute.
Mr. STILES. I move that when the House
adjourns to-morrow it adjourn to meeton Mon-
day next.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. STRICKLAND. 1 ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. HOAR. I call for the regular order
of-business.
Mr. COX. It is understood, I believe, that
the bill and the substitute are ordered to be
printed, and that the substitute is to be con-
sidered as pending.
Mr. McNEELY. I hope that that will be
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Illi-
nois asks that his substitute shall be considered
as pending, and that it be printed.
Mr. HOAR. I have no objection.
Mr. COX. I now insist on my motion to
adjourn.
Mr. STILES. I have moved that when the
House adjourns to-morrow it adjourn to meet-
on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. That is not a privileged
motion to-day. It will be a privileged motion
to- morrow.
The question was put on Mr- Cox's motion;
and there were—ayes 67, noes 81.
Mr. BIGGS. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cox and Mr.
Hoar were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 74, noes 68.
Mr. PLATT. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] will withdraw the motion
to adjourn and allow the bill to be read. My
colleague [Mr. Hoar] will then consent to an
adjournment.
Mr.. FARNSWORTH. I suggest that the
reading of the bill be dispensed with.
Mr. DAWES. AH my colleague wishes is
to have the bill read this afternoon.
Mr. ROOTS. I hope we shall dispense
with the first reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
bill being considered as read 1
Mr. ARCHER. I object.
Mr. DAWES. Then I hope we shall have
the yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. McNEELY. I hope the gentleman from
Maryland will withdraw his objection.
Mr. ARCHER. I withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again sub-
mit the question. Is there objection to the
reading of the bill being dispensed with ? The
Chair hears none. The substitute offered by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McNeemt]
and the amendments offered by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] will be
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PLAT'I. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn.
So Mr. Cox's motion was agreed to; and
thereupon the House (at four o'clock and ten
minutes p. m.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BE AM AN; The petition of C. G.
Johnson and 731 others, citizens of the city of
Monroe, Michigan, praying for an appropria-
tion for deepening the channel of the iiver
leading through the canal at that place.
Also, the petition of A. D. Perkins and
others, lake captains of Monroe, Michigan,
to same effect.
By Mr. BOOKER: The petition of James
M. Tatum, of Patrick county, for the
removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. BUFFINTON : The memorial of
F. C. Sanfordand 114 others, citizens of Nan-
tucket, Massachusetts, praying thata commis-
sion be appointed to audit and settle claims
