1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PI
now one of the acknowledged wonders of the
world, accessible to travelers from all parts of
the United States and Europe; that they have
been deterred from that by the agitation in
Congress on the part of persons claiming a
portion of it as their private property, and that
until Congress puts an emphatic negative upon
such attempts and asserts the purpose of the
original grant by Congress to the State of Cal-
ifornia of that valley it will be idle to attempt
to make those necessary improvements. In
that view, the memorialists, at the head of
whom is the Governor of the State", and whq
comprise men of science ancj. character there,
without distinction of party, ask that Congress
may, by concurrent or joint resolution, declare
against any appropriation of the valley to pri-
vate ownership, or any appropriation which will
contravene the purpose of the' original grant
by Congress to the State of California. ' I moye
that this memorial be referred to fhe Commit-
tee on Public Lands."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR presented a memorial of t}ie
Cincinnati commercial convention in relation
to ouV reciprocal trade with the South Ameri-
can States and the West Indies; whiph was
referred to the Committee on Commerce and
ordered to be printed.
ItEPORTS O? COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (H. 11. No."415) confirming the title
of Nathan Boyer tq certain lands in the State
of Michigan, reported it withbut'a'mendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (EC. 11. No. 2490) to amend
an act entitled "An act to confirm titles to
certain lands in Illinois," reported it without
amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1120) to amend
an act entitled "An act to amend an act to
confirm certain private land claims in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico," reported it without
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 12-38) to enable the Jackson, Lansing,
and Saginaw Railroad Company to change the
northern terminus of its railroad from Traverse
bay to the straits of Mackinaw, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. OriBOUN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1270) to create an additional land district in
Florida, reported it with an amendment. He
submitted a letter from the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, recommending the
passage of the bill; which was ordered to be
printed. ,
Mi-, IIOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 480) for
the relief of Zeuas C. Robbins, late register
of wills for the county of Washington and
District of Columbia, asked to he discharged
from its further consideration, and that it, bp
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia; which was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON, from the seleet_Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities,
to whom was referred the bin (S. No. 855) to
relievo fill persons engaged in the rebellion
from the disability imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution, with certain
exceptions, reported ') with amendments.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred j,he" petition of h. M.
Corwine, attorneyof judgmept editors in cer-
tain prize cases pending id fhe United States
district court for the southern di|tfict of Illinois,
praying that the proceeds qf the sale pf certain
cotton and other property captured by the
'' Porter expedition'' in 1864, now it'i the 1 reas-
urvof the United States, may be paid into said
district court to enable the court to make
distribution thereof according to the decree
rendered therein in behalf of the claimants,
submitted a report thereon, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 1200) to refund certain moneys
now standing to the credit of the Navy pension
fund. '
The bijl was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WARNER, from the Comipittpeon Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1123) to revive the grant of land to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Selma
to Gadsden, in the State of Alabama, and to
confirm the same to the Selpia, Rome, and
Dalton Railroad Company, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. THAYER. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whqm was referred the joint reso-
lution (II. li. No. 282) to establish the 30th
day of May in each year apuBlic holiday, have
instructed fne to report it back adversely. 1
will, however, take occasion to say that 1 do
not concur in the report, and am in favor of
ihe resolution, and will Call it up at an early
day, with a view of taking the sense of the
Senate npon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calandar with the adverse report of the
cpmmittee.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 341) for the relief of Daniel M. Paige,
first lieutenant of the thirty-eighth United
States infantry, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN subsequently moved to
recommit the joint resolution to the Commit:
tee on Claims; which was agreed to.
JOIIS KELLY.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (H. II. No. 2537)
for the relief of John Ivelly, of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, for the issue of certain bonds,
&c., have directed me to report it back with-
out amendment, with a recommendation that it
pass; and I ask the Senate to take up this little
bill now.' I will explain it in a word. It will
be an economy of time to dispose of it now.
Mr. Kelly proves that he purchased, a good
many years ago, two United States bonds, one
for $100, and the other for fifty dollars. He
proves the purchase of theiji by Jay Cooke &
Co. He alleges in his petition that some time
early in 1806, probably in February, his house
was burned, and these two bonds were burned
up with the house and its contents. He proves
by his wife that he was in possession of these
bonds at the time and that they were burned,
and the Treasury Department sends us a cer-
tificate that none of the coupons attached to
these bonds have been presented for payment
since the November preceding the conflagra-
tion. The committee have no donbt that he
was the owner of these two small bonds, and
that they were consumed, and they recommend
that the lipase bill pass, it being properly
guarded and requiring the proper securities.
1 trust there will be no objection to it.
By BRauiiJious consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded tq con-
sider the bill. It authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue a new bond for $100,
with coupons fropraod including that of May
1,1865, tfl John Kelly, of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania; in place of his coupon bond for a
like apiount, No. 15944, act of February 25,
1662, fourth series,'apd'also to issue to him
a 'new bond " for fifty dollars, with coupons
from and including that of May 1, 1865, in
place of his coupon bond for a like amount,
No. 8838, same act and series, those bonds
having been destroyed by fire; but before
issuing the new" bonds the Secretary of the
Treasury is to require a' sufficient bond of
indemnity securing" the Government against
the presentation of the bonds alleged tq be lost.
The bill reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
th§ third tips," and
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BttX.
Mr. ANTHONY, Mr. TRUMBULL, ami
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, submitted amend-
ments intended to be proposed by them to the.
bill (S. No. 2524) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expanses
of the'Government for the year ending June 80,
1872; which were referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWE. If the morning business is
through, I desire to call up a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The introduc-
tion of bills and joint resolutions is now in
order.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1800) to charter the Puget Sound and Idaho
Railroad Company; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
"" Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a till (S. No.
1301) in relation to railroad bridges across the
Mississippi river ; whicli was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee qh Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEARNS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.*
No. 1SQ2) for the relief .of Alexander J. Mc-
Millan, late lieutenant of company F, ninth
regiment Minnesota volunteer infantry; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
•RAILROAD BRIDGE AT OHAIIA.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senate to call up
Senate bill No. 913, granting tlie right of yvay
to the Green Bay and Lake Pepin Railway
Company for its road across tjie Oneida res-
ervation, in the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a report tq niake.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TKV Chair lyill
receive reports of coutuiiUees.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom wfis referred
the biil (H. R. No. i227j tq authorize tfie con-
struction of a bridgg sjcross the Missouri river,
have had the 'same under consideration, and
directed me to report it back with a substitute;
and the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] pro-
poses to offer an amendment to the substitute.'
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Senate to'con-
sider that bill now. I presume there will be
no opposition to it.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it will occasion
no debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nebraska asks unanimous cqiisent that the
Senate consider this bill at the present ijm'e.
Is there objection?
Mr. HOWE. Will nqt the* Senator from
Kansas withdraw that until f can secure the
passage of the IjiHTfiave spnt t(>'the" phair?
Mr.' POMBB'OY. " It is the Senator from
Nebraska who is asking for the present con-
sideration of the bill. 1 have made the report.
Mr. HOWE. I will say to the Senator from
Nebraska that I have already sent a bill tq the
Chair, a little bill granting the right of way
across an Indian reservation. It is very short,
but one section.
Mr. THAYER. This is very short, and will
take but ^ few minutes.
Mr. POMEROJ. This is shorter than that.
It only goes across the Missouri river. [Laugh-
ter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT, ^ytfral Senators
have desired unanimous 'copsjmt to call up
bills. "The tnotnlrig business is not yet con-
cluded. If ther§ is objection to the proposi-
tion of flip Senator from Nebraska this bill
will gqqn'the Calendar. T tie re appears to
be no"objection. " [Mc.'IJo^e rose.] Does the
Senator I'r.om Wisqcmsin'oBject?
jlr. HOWE.' * I'will'not object. If he will
not give way for me I will for him.
