m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Mr. President,
I think a stranger who happened to be present
to-day would be a little surprised to find how
small a matter can be so long debated in the
Senate of the United States. Here is a simple
proposition, a charitable proposition; and Sen-
ators seem to exercise their ingenuity in find-
ing some plausible objection to it. On the one
side a constitutional objection is taken, and
on the other side we are told that we are belit-
tling the clerks by having a charitable fund
established and organized through which they
can more efficiently dispense their charities.
Now, sir, we have about five thousand clerks
here in the city of "Washington, and of these not
less than about one hundred and fifty die annu-
ally. These clerks are as careful and manage
their private affairs with as much prudence as
any other given number of citizens of the coun-
try ; but there will be from necessity so'me who
prove incapable of managing their financial
affairs with success, or who, by misfortune or
sickness, are constantly a little short of the
means necessary to protect them in sickness or
other calamity. Ithasfreqnently happened that
when one of these clerks died, having a family
here, the other clerks were called upon to con-
tribute something for funeral expenses and for
the transportation of the body home to a distant
State. This proposition is merely for the pur-
pose of having a fund upon which they can
rely at all times, entirely under their own con-
trol, forthepurposeof dispensing such charities
as may be needed.
The Government of the United States is
exceedingly liberal in its practice with the
clerks. Whenever they are sick and tempo-
rarily away from the proper discharge'of their
duties their salaries are invariably allowed to
go on, and to be drawn in the same manner as
if they performed their ordinary duties; and
usually, at the decease of any one of them, his
family are allowed an additional month's pay.
So far as the Government is concerned, it dis-
charges its duty to the clerks, I think, without
any cause of reproach. But here is a proposi-
tion introduced by ihe Senator from Missouri,
merely allowing these clerks to organize a
charity, which, if not a great, is certainly a
very necessary one. It seems to me it is hardly
worth while to consume a large amount of time
in debating the question. If Senators have
made up their minds to vote against the gen-
eral object of the bill, so be it; but otherwise,
it seems to me, we might as well pass the bill
at once, with any appropriate amendment,
without consuming further time.
Mr. HOWELL. Mr. President., I have not
been in the city of Washington long enough,
probably, to be entitled to speak upon a ques-
tion of this character, and yet there are some
general principles appertaining to it that I thin k
might well be considered by the Sena'e'of the
United States, and to those I wish to call atten-
tion at the present moment.
I have noticed since I have been in the Sen-
ate, time and again, the representation on the
part of Senators of the destitution of the clerks
in the Departments, of the hardships and trials
to which they are exposed, and of the poverty to
which they are doomed. I am sorry that these
representations offact, made by honorable Sen-
ators in this Chamber, have had so little influ-
ence upon the country. I am sorry that day
after day persons come hero from evory quartor
of the land seeking clerkships in the Depart-
ments, asking us to go to the Departments and
obtain clerkships for them, asking us to go to
the Departments and retain them in their clerk-
ships at $1,200, $1,400, or $1,800, or whatever
it may be that they are receiving. They do not
seem to catch the idea that Senators promulgate
here so frequently, that these Departments of
the Government are but pauper institutions into
which they are to enter. They seem to hold
that a cleikship here is an honorable position,
in which (.hey can make a living, and make more
probably than they could elsewhere. Hence
they come here seeking these places. Hence
they come here asking for even the most hum-
ble positions in the Departments; and having
got there, they are continually seeking promo-
tions to the higherpositions in the Departments.
They are independent citizens of the republic
of the United States, and they are entitled to
seek such employments as befit them, as they
choose to pursue; and having sought them, and
having obtained them, they have the right that
all other citizens of the United States have,
to dispose of the proceeds of their labor in
such manner as they choose. This I hold to
be a sound proposition in regard to this mat-
ter. I hold that it is an interference with, an
invasion of their rights under the laws as they
now exist, for us to go into the Departments
and declare that the clerks there shall con-
tribute of their means to sustain or provide for
those who may fall into misfortune. If we
have the right to do that in regard to them as
independent citizens of this country, why have
we not a right, confining it to office-holders in
the first place, to require all the office holders
in the country to contribute to their fellow
office-holders when they fall into misfortune
or when calamity overtakes them? It would
be as sound policy and as sonncl in principle to
extend this prevision of law to the whole ser-
vice of the United States, civil, military, and
naval, for all that I can see in it. Moreover,
as was said before, if we may interfere to pro-
vide for misfortune and destitution and calam-
ity by this mode, why may we not interfere to
provide for it entirely, not only in the District
of Columbia, but throughout the United States?
I say the principle is wrong, and Congress
ought not to sanction it or to enact it. It has
a bad influence aside from these considera-
tions. The result will be bad. The policy is
wrong. The clerks are here receiving sala-
ries upon which it is understood that those who
are honest, industrious, virtuous, and econom-
ical can subsist. If they go to all the public
amusements that are provided in the city of
Washington night after night, if they visit all
the bad places in Washington and spend their
money there, day after day and night after
night, then they will fall into misfortune and
not have the means of supporting themselves.
Then it is that you come in and require of the
virtuous, the industrious, and the economical
that they shall contribute of their salaries to
support those who have squandered their re-
sources by idleness or by bad courses of con-
duct.
You may go further, and say that these mis-
fortunes are not brought upon them by their
own acts, as they usually are. I say it is wrong
to require of those who are virtuous and indus-
trious and economical to support those who are
not so, and who fall into this condition of pov-
erty and distress because they are not so. By
so doing you encourage this kind of extrava-
gance, tiiis disregard of economical, prudent,
industrious customs and principles which pre-
vail throughout the couutry among those who
are^ not^ dependent upon the Government for
their living. If you provide a general poor
fund for all the people of the United States
there will be a great many more who will come
to need that fund than need it now. So, if you
provide this poor fund by law in the Depart-
ments there will be a great many more who will
need provision from that fund hereafter than
need it now. Heretofore the clerks have got
along without such a fund, and hereafter they
can get along "without it. Those who are pru-
dent and industrious can live on their salaries,
and if they cannot, Congress can provide the
means, by increasing their salaries, by which
they may be enabled to live.
_ And right here let me say that Washington
city is scandalously slandered throughout the
United States, and I do not know but that it is so
throughout the world, as being so very extrava-
gant, as requiring such an immense expenditure
to enable a person to live here. It is said that
it requires the raising of all the salaries, in
order that persons holding office and holding
clerkships may live here in this extravagant
city of Washington, the cost of living is so im-
mensely high. Now, according to my judgment
and according to my investigations, the fact
is far otherwise. Washington is not a city
requiring very extravagant means to enable a
person to live comfortably and to live decently.
If, however, persons choose to engage in all
the amusements here, in all those things that
require money, which are transpiring at the seat
of Government from day to day and night
afternight; if they go out upon the broad sea
of extravagance, then, indeed, is Washington
a place that requires a high salary upon which
to live. But that is not the way- in which our
fathers, the founders of this Republic, lived.
Their habits and customs were simple and
economical. They did not engage in those
extravagances which are now heralded forth
as the reason why people cannot live cheaply
in Washington city. Let us come down to the
prudent and virtuous habits and customs of
our forefathers, and stand by them, and office-
holders and clerks, and all others, can live
upon the salaries provided for them by law
in the city of Washington.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask leave to withdraw the
amendment that I offered, and present to the
Senate another one which I think ought first to
be considered.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky withdraws his amendment, and moves
another in lieu thereof, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to add the following proviso:
Provided, That no assessment whatever for any
electioneering or political purposes shall be made or
collected on the officers and employes aforesaid, and
every act of such assessment or collection shall be a
misdemeanor, which shall, ipso facto, produce the
forfeiture of any office or place held by any person
making or attempting to make such assessment or
collection: and such person shall be held to be dis-
qualified and ineligible to all places of trust and
profit under the United States.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to amend that amend-
ment by inserting afterthe words " officers and
employes aforesaid" the words "until the
democratic party comes into power." [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that is so remote
a contingency that it had better not be put in.
[Laughter.]
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment, offered
by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am glad that my
friend from Missouri is looking forward to the
day which is soon to arrive when the Demo-
cratic party shall come into power. He sees
what is in the future, and not the remote
future. I suppose the lesson which has been
taught him in his own State causes him to see
that the party to which he belongs, and of
which h« is so distinguished a member, is
about to pass out of existence, and that that
great party, which has existed as a national
party from the foundation of this Government
to the present time, although temporarily de-
feated by fraud and by violence used by those
wielding political power in the party to which
he belongs, soon again will raise its triumph-
ant standard and have its old, glorious, time-
honored flag float over this whole country as
it was wont to do heretofore. I suggest to
that Senator, who has foreseen the certain
triumph of that good old party to which he has
referred, to take into consideration the pro-
priety of coming back home. He has been a
prodigal from its folds. He strayed away from
his father's house. Let him return as did the
prodigal in Scripture, confessing that he is no
more worthy to be called a son, and that party,
which is a party of forgiveness, will receive him
aS*V P5nd.'f,a,lwas rece'yed. [Laughter.]
t In offering the amendment.
1 did to the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky I was only carrying out a desire which
i have long entertained to do something for the
benefit of posterity. [Laughter.] Posterity
will be here when the Democratic party comes
