922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
Mr. THAYER. I know not why I should
give way.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the substitute be
read. It will take no time.
Mr. HOWE. We are spending more time
than it would take to-pass a dozen such bills
as I asked to have passed; but I give way to
the Senator from Nebraska.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1227) to authorize
the construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river.
The amendment of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads was to strike out all
after the enacting clause of the bill, and in
lieu thereof to insert the following:
That for the more perfect connection of any rail-
roads that are or shall be constructed to the Missouri
river, at or near Council Bluffs. Iowa, and Omaha,
Kebraskn. the Union Pacific Railroad Company be,
and it is hereby, authorized to issue such bonds, and
secure the same by mortgage, as it may deem need-
ful to construct and maintain their bridge over said
river, and the tracks and depots required to perfect
the same, as now authorized by law of Congress; and
for the use and protection of said bridge and prop-
erty of the Union Pacific ltailroad Company shall
be empowered, governed, and limited by the pro-
visions of the act entitled "An act to authorize the
construction of certnin bridges, anil to establish them
as post roads." approved July 25,1SG6, so far as the
same is applicable thereto.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it the following
proviso:
Provided, That nothing in this aetshailbe so con-
strued as to change the eastern terminus of the so-
called Omaha branch of the Union Pacific railroad
from the western border of Iowa, where it is now
fixed under existing laws, nor to release said Union
Pacific ltailroad Company from its obligation to
receive and deliver passengers and freight at said
terminus without extra charge on account of trans-
portation over said bridge.
Mr. THAYER. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. Before we agree or dis-
agree to it I wish the honorable Senator who
otfers it would let us understand the effect of
it and the necessity for it.
Mr. HARLAN. The original law provided
that the eastern terminus of the Oinaha branch,
so called, of the Union Pacific railroad should
be fixed on the western border of Iowa, at such
point as the President of the United States
should determine. The President of the Uni-
ted States fixed the eastern terminus on the
•western border of Iowa, which, of course, is
on the east side of the Missouri river. I do
not wish any act to be passed affecting the
obligation of the company constructing that
road to receive and deliver passengers and
freight at its eastern terminus, because three
or four Iowa roads terminate at Council Bluffs,
on this side of the Missouri river, at the east-
ern terminus of the Union Pacific railroad;
and we all know there is some little rivalry
between towns on opposite sides of a stream,
each one desiring to obtain an advantage over
the other; and I do not wish any undue ad-
vantage to be secured in the passage of an
amendment to that law. I desire the rights of
the people whom I in part represent to remain
precisely as they are now under the original
charter of the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany.
Mr. THAYER. I ask for the reading of the
substitute reported by the Senator from Kan-
sas again, and I desire the attention of the
Senate to it, to show that there is nothing in
it affecting the rights of the road or of any
parties on either side of the river. It simply
authorizes the company to issue bonds in order
to raise money to build the bridge; nothing
more. The Senator from Iowa seeks to intro-
duce matter entirely new and foreign to the
bill, for the purpose of conceding or fixing by
law what has never been established by law.
I am surprised at the proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. I was not informed, as a
member of the committee, whether the Union
Pacific railroad began on the west side or the
east side of the river. I do not know myself
whether that road begins on the west side, at
Omaha, or on the east side, at Council Bluffs.
The bill, as I have reported it, simply allows
the company to build a bridge under the exist-
ing law, and allows them to put a mortgage on
it to raise money for the purpose of building
it. That is all there is in the bill as reported.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to the Senator
from Iowa that his amendmentshould be made
general, so as to embrace both ends of the
bridge. Now, it provides against an extra
charge for passengers at one end of the bridge.
I suppose his intention was to provide against
an extra charge upon through passengers at
each side of the bridge.
Mr. HARLAN. If the amendment I have
suggested does not already provide that, I
should.be very much gratified if the honorable
Senator from California would aid me iu put-
ting it in that shape. That is what I intended.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I would strike out
the words "said terminus," in the last line
but one of the amendment, and insert " the
eastern and western terminus."
Mr. HARLAN. I will adopt the sugges-
tion, and so modify my amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. I waa not in when this bill
was read; but understanding that it author-
izes the building of bridges over navigable
Mr. POMEROY. No ; it is confined to the
question of mortgaging one bridge at Omaha.
It does not authorize the building of auy bridge.
Mr. SCOTT. Does it not authorize a bridge
to be built ?
Mr. POMEROY. No: but it provides that
a bridge now being built under law may be
mortgaged.
Mr. SCOTT. I may misapprehend it; but
I rose for the purpose of suggesting that if
there was not a provision in the bill requiring
the approval of an engineer of the War Depart-
ment of the plan for building the bridge an
amendment of that kind should be put in for the
purpose of obviating the difficulties which arise
about the obstruction of navigable streams. If,
however,, all there is in the bill is what the
Senator from Kansas states, I do not wish to
interpose any objection.
Mr. POMEROY. The Union Pacific Rail-
road Company are building this bridge, have
it half done, but are out of money, and want
to mortgage the bridge to raise money to com-
plete it. This bill simply authorizes them to
raise m.oney for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will again read the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, as
requested by the Senator from Nebraska.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment re-
ported.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think that that
substitute, as read by the Secretary, does con-
fine this company to a mortgage upon this
bridge alone. It gives it the right to mort-
gage any property that it has, and it would be
a mortgage, I think, liable to be understood
as being superior to any mortgage that the
United States, which makes this assent, may
already have upon its property. I think there
ought to be added "subject to existing mort-
gages and liens" after the word "mortgage."
Mr. POMEROY. They have the right, I
think, under this bill, to mortgage the prop-
erty connected with the bridge, such as their
depot at each end of the bridge. It is not
intended to authorize the issue of a mortgage
on the road.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why, Mr. President, it
is a general authority to issue any quantity of
bonds they may deem necessary, and to secure
those bonds by mortgage.
Mr. POMEROY. Necessary for the con-
struction of the bridge.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In their judgment neces-
sary for the purposes authorized. It is left
to their discretion how many bonds shall be
issued. Then they are authorized to secure
their payment by a mottgage. Then the bill
is silent as to the subject upon which the
mortgage shall operate. Then it is an author-
ity to a corporation having property and fran-
chises to make a mortgage without any limit-
ation as to the application of the mortgage to
one class of their property rather than another.
Therefore, if it is an authority to make any
mortgage at all, as it plainly is in terms, it is
an authority to mortgage the whole property
of the company to any extent that the direct-
ors may think it fit and necessary for this pur-
pose. I move, therefore, in order to clear up
any doubt, and then I shall have no objection
to their mortgaging as much property as they
like—it will not hurt them any—to insert the
words "subject to existing mortgages and
liens" after the word "mortgage" in the
seventh line.
Mr. POMEROY. But there are no mort-
gages on the bridge prior to this one. There
may be carpenters' liens or something of that
kind.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I will add the words
" if any."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Vermont proposes to amend the amendment
by inserting the words "subject to existing
mortgages and liens, if any." If there be no
objection, that amendment will be regarded
as agreed to, and the question will be on the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa to the
substitute reported by the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see why this
company ought to be allowed to mortgage
anything more than the property, the bridge
itself.
Mr. PO MEROY. That is all it does.
Mr. SHERMAN. A suggestion occurs, from
a remark made by the Senator from Vermont,
that there is some doubt as to what are the
liens upon it.
" The design is only to
Mr. POMEROY.
mortgage the bridge.
Mr. SHERMAN,
need.
Mr. POMEROY.
I think that is all you
That is all they need,
and that is all they intend.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps it will be better
to say "to mortgage said bridge and the appur-
tenances thereto."
Mr. POMEROY. That would embrace
more than the bill now does.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that would be
better. I think a first mortgage on the bridge,
clear and distinct, would be better than a fifth
mortgage on the railroad.
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like to in-
quire of the Senator from Kansas what is the
necessity of passing such a bill at all; whether
that company has not full authority in its
charter to mortgage anything it owns for any
legitimate purpose?
Mr. POMEROY. That may be an inci-
dental power; but they cannot put an original
mortgage on this bridge without authority from
Congress.
Mr. CARPENTER. Why not?
Mr. SHERMAN. The general property
would be covered- by existing mortgages. If
they should build a bridge now without any
special authority to mortgage for the liens cre-
ated in building bridges the bridge would be
covered by previous liens.
Mr. CARPENTER. I suppose those mort-
gages, like all other railroad mortgages that I
am acquainted with, are mortgages ou the road-
bed constructed and to be constructed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Including bridges and
accretion s
Mr. CARPENTER. Then, of course, it
covers this bridge. If it does not they had
no right to build it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we might give
them authority to build the bridge, and au-
thorize them to mortgage it for the money
necessary to build it.
