1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
923
Mr. HOWE. I rise now to appeal to ray
friend from Nebraska to allow this matter to
lie over informally while Senators are settling
the form of the bill that they "want to pass.
Mr. POMEKOY. I have no objection.
Mr. THAYER. I yield to the request of
the Senator from Wisconsin.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state, while this phraseology is being
corrected, that the Senator from Nebraska
stated that he would yield to the Senator from
Wisconsin, and the Senator from Wisconsin
now asks consent, pending this bill, to take
up another bill.
CRKKN BVY AND LAKE PEPIN' RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 913.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 913) granting the
right of way to the Green Bay and Lake Pepin
Railway Company for its road across the
Oneida reservation in the-State of Wisconsin.
The bill proposes to authorize the Green Bay
and Lake Pepin Railway Company to build
and maintain its railway across the Oneida
reservation, in the S'.ate of Wisconsin, and to
take sufficient land for the purposes of the
railway, in accordance with and subject to the
conditions of an agreement made by the chiefs
and headmen of ihe Oneida tribe of Indians
on the 14th of April, 1870, approved by and
on file with the Secretary of the Interior.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out the
words "14th day of April" and insert "23d
day of May."
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Wisconsin to state whether there is any limit-
ation of the quantity of land to be affected by
this right of way?
Mr. HOWE. I understand it is limited to
four rods. I have not seen the agreement
itself. The bill may be limited to four rods.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think some limitation
should be inserted in the bill in order to make
that, question beyond doubt. We always insert
such a provision.
Mr. HOWE. Then I will let this bill lie
on the table for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
laid on the table for the present, and the Sen-
ate lesumes the consideration of the bill in
regard to the Omaha bridge.
Mr. IIOWE. I was going to ask the Senate
then to take up a bill fixing the compensation
of the assistants in the Library of Congress.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to call up a res-
olution that 1 offered some time ago, a Senate
resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is morning
business, and has priority.
COMMITTEE OX TELEGRAPHS.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the Senate
resolution providing for the appointment of a
special committee on the subject of telegraphs.
Mr. SUMNER. I moved some time ago,
and the Chair did me the honor to recognize
me, to take up a bill. I do not know whether
that gave me any priority or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In this conflict
of business the Chair can only recognize one
Senator at a time, and if objection is made to
the request of that Senator at that time lie
must take his chances afterward of obtaining
the floor. The Senator from Oregon has now
obtained the floor.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the Senate will
let me have action on this resolution some day
or other. 1 have been so much annoyed about
it that 1 wish to have it taken op and disposed
Of. if the Senate do not want to pass it let
them reject it. If they do not, I should like
to get it out of the way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ihe Senator
from Massachusetts is entitled to the floor on
the resolution mentioned by the Senator from
Oregon if the consideration of it shall be
resumed, as he was on the floor while it was
under consideration when the morning hour
expired some time since. The Senator from
Oregon moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the resolution providing for
the appointment of a special committee on the
subject of oceanic telegraphs.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. If there
is no business now before the Senate I should
like to submit a motion for an adjournment
over.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let this resolution be
taken np first.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the motion, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I call for a division.
Mr. SUMNER. On the question of taking
up I desire to make one remark. It seems to
me it is rather profitless for us to take this
resolution up now at this stage in the morning
business. At one o'clock its consideration
must cease. I go further, and say it is entirely
profitless to take it up at all at this stage of
the session. This is the 3d day of February;
and what time will the proposed committee
have to consider the important matters men-
tioned in the resolution and report upon them,
and then for the Senate to proceed with their
consideration ?
Mr. THURMAN. I appeal to the Senator
from Massachusetts to give way for one moment
in order that the Senator from Maryland may
submit his motion that when we adjourn
to-day we adjourn to meet on Monday.
Mr. SUMNER. I do give way.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I make
that motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object to it while this
motion is pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon objects. There being already a motion
pending, the motion of the Senator from Mary-
land can only be received by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will give way as soon
as this question is decided.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That will
take all the morning hour.
Mr. RAMSEY. I object to.an adjournment
over to-morrow. The Senate have already
assigned to-morrow for the consideration of
the postal-code bill. It is a large bill, and will
take the whole day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Ore-
gon, to proceed to the consideration of the
resolution for the appointment of a special
committee on telegraphs.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask to have the resolu-
tion read so that the attention of the Senate
may be called to it, and then if they aie so
disposed they can make the vote on taking it
up a test question as to whether they will pro-
ceed to its consideration or not. I wish to have
the question settled in some way by the Sen-
ate, and not have the thing hanging over by
the gills in this way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the resolution.
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Williams on the 20th
of January:
Resolved. That a special committee of the Senate,
to consist of seven members, be appointed by the
Chair, to which shall be referred, unless otherwise
ordered, any petitions, papers, and bills relating to
telegraphs, except tbe bill (II. E. i*o. 2591) relating
to telegraphie communication betweon tbe united
States and foreign countries, with power to report
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SUMNER. The motion is debatable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is; but not
involving the merits of tbe resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. That is perfectly under-
stood. AH I mean to suggest is that it is en-
tirely profitless for the Senate to take up the
resolution to-day. I am astonished that my
excellent friend from Oregon persists with this
resolution. I understand that his reason for
urging it to-day is that there are certain par-
ties behind him who constantly press Iilm to
get a vote upon it. Who are those parties who
press him to get a vote upon it? What ye tho
influences at work ? Why are we asked to take
up this resolution to-day, to the disparagement
of other business? The Senator assigns no
reason. He simply says that he wishes to get
the resolution out of the way. And yet strangely
he is trying to get it into the way. I think we
had better let it stay out of the way. It is out
of the way so long as it is on the table. Why
should the Senator seek to take it from the
table under the fiction that by so doing he is
getting it out of the way? A strange process
that, sir! Not in that way are measures got
out of the way. That is the process by which
measures are brought into the Chamber, sub-
jected to discussion and presented to the pub-
lic. I submit that my friend is not logical.
Usually he is very logical. He brings, as we
all know, admirable powers to the discussion
of every question ; but here his powers fail
him, when he proposes to get a measure out
of the way by bringing it forward in this Cham-
ber for discussion.
Now, sir, looking at the eloeb, I think the
Senator is in fault, when I consider how little
time remains for discussion, how many bills
there are that are really craving attention to-
day ; for instance, I have one before me now
which 1 have tried to get up several times,
being a bill for the relief of Nicholas P.
Trist, negotiator of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo ; a venerable, able, conscientious pub-
lic servant, who negotiated that treaty by which
Texas was assured, by which California was
added to the Union, and who down to this day
has never received the salary to which he was
entitled. Here are letters of Thomas H. Bea-
ton distinctly declaring that this salary is his
due, and another letter of Reverdy Johnson,
as late as May 21, 1870, also saying that it is
his due. And yet my friend from Oregon
would make the negotiator of tbe treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo wait for the consideration
of a resolution which he wishes to get out of
the way. Now, sir, I object to his putting his
resolution in the way of that meritorious per-
son  
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I ask the
Senator from Massachusetts to yield in order
ta allow me to submit a motion for an adjourn-
ment over.
Mr. SUMNER. I do so with pleasure.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I hope the
Senator from Oregon will allow the- sense of
the Senate to be taken upon the motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Go ahead.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Senator from Maryland moves
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
Mr. RAMSEY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota objects, and the motioncannot now
be entertained.
Mr. POMEROY. To-morrow has been set
apart by the Senate for the consideration of a
bill relating to the postal laws.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Oregon, and
the Senator from Massachusetts will resume
the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. I was comparing two prop-
ositions : that of the Senator from Oregon and
the bill for the relief of Nicholas P. Trist.
Now, sir, who is Nicholas P. Trist? He was
a clerk in tl^e State Department, in 1847, se-
lected by President Polk and Mr. Buchanan 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I rise to a point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon rises to a question of order, which
he will state.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I insist, that a discussion
of the claim of Nicholas P. Trist is not in order
on my motion to take up this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
