926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
of said lands under the provisions of the so-called
homestead or preemption laws of the 0nited States,
or claiming any part thereof as swamp lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed-, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAYIS. I move to dispense with all
prior orders.
Mr. POMEROY. If the unfinished business
is to be laid aside, I shall claim the floor on the
special order for this day.
Mr. DAVIS. Am I entitled to the floor,
Mr. President?
The V1CE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky was recognized, having first claimed
the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, imove, then, thatthe pending
and all prior orders be laid aside in order to
take up the bill (H. R. No. 1829) granting pen-
sions to certain soldiers and sailors of the war
of 1812, and the widows of deceased soldiers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. CORBEIT. I hope that will not be
done. I am willing that the unfinished busi-
ness should be informally passed over, bat I
cannot consent to throw it out of its place in
this way. I think one of the most important
questions now before the Senate for consider-
ation is the restoration of the commerce of this
nation, and I hope that the Senate and Con-
gress will listen to the various propositions on
that subject and give attention to this import-
ant branch. I think we should proceed to the
discussion on it with due deliberation and de-
cide what we shall do with regard to it. It
ought to be disposed of. I have no objection
to passing over the unfinished business inform-
ally ; but I am opposed to the motion of the
Seuator from Kentucky, because that would
displace it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose thatthe sense
of the Senate on this subject might as well be
taken in this way as any other, if they are now
prepared to vote uuderstandingly. I shall of
course understand that if the motion made by
the Senator from Kentucky is adopted the
further consideration of all subjects relating
to commerce, or bills providing subsidy for
steamships, will not be resumed by the Senate
at this session.
There is no difficulty, I suppose, about con-
sidering and passing the bill of the Senator
from Kentucky at any time. It is a House
bill, and may be called up at any time ; and
there is no necessity, therefore, for any one
who favors that bill to vote against the pending
measure. But I hope that if this vote is to be
taken in this way it will be upon the question
whether or not the Senate will proceed with
the consideration of the subject of subsidizing
steamship lines. I have heretofore stated some
reasons why I thought that subject ought to be
considered. I think the country will lose tens
and hundreds of thousands, if not millions of
dollars, by losing the commerce between the
United States and the Australian colonies, as
I have no doubt it will if some steps are not
taken at this session of Congress. But if the
Senate thinks it advisable to lay that subject
aside altogether and proceed with other busi-
ness it will be for the Senate so to decide.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator fully compre-
hends my motion and what will be its effect.
I do not propose myself to discuss the bill that
I desire shall be taken up by the Senate, nor
any amendment to it, but merely to vote on
it. The object of that bill is fully compre-
hended by Senators; it addresses itself strongly
to their heads and their hearts, and the Sen-
ate is just as well prepared now to vote upon
it as it ever can be. On this motion that I
make, however, I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOREMAN. I would suggest to the
Senator from Oregon not to make this vote a
test question in regard to the subsidy bills.
There are some members of this body who may
vote for some of the bills subsidizing mail
steamship lines, and yet who are in favor of
the bill which the Senatorfroni Kentucky pro-
poses to take up. I am satisfied that that bill,
if taken up at all, can be passed in five or ten
minutes; at least 1 think it can, and there-
fore it will consume but little time. While I
shall vote for the motion to take up this bill,
I do not wish to be regarded as voting against
the other bills which the Senator from Oregon
has mentioned in this connection. I may or
may not vote for some of those bills.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am in favor of the bill
of the Seuator from Kentucky, and shall vote
for it when it conies up in its proper order;
but I think it will be economy of time now,
when we have the subsidy bills before us and
spent a day and a half or two days upon them,
to go through with them and bring them to
a conclusion. There is, undoubtedly, great
interest in the country in behalf of those meas-
ures. Let us indicate to the country what we
are going to do, and signify to the gentlemen
here who have patriotically offered their ser-
vices to assist the country what we are going
to do, and let them go home about their busi-
ness if we are determined to do nothing at all.
Hence I hope we shall not postpone this mat-
ter, but bring it up and vote upon it.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state to the Sen-
ator from West Virginia that I understand the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky to be in
hostility to the measure of granting subsidies
to a mail steamship line : and that is the pur-
pose of passing over the prior orders in order
to reach the pension bill. The suggestion has
already been made to the Senator from Ken-
tucky to pass over informally the unfinished
business, in which way he can reach the bill
he desires to take up, but he has declined to
do that. Therefore the motion of the Senator
from Kentucky is in hostility to the bills grant-
ing subsidies to steamship lines for the pur-
pose of restoring the commerce of the country.
Mr. BOREMAN. I did not understand that
before.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to make one
proposition, if I may be allowed to do so. I
am willing to pass over the unfinished business
informally, and let the other bill come up, sub-
ject to a call for the regular order. I am will-
ing to give a reasonable time for the consider-
ation of thai bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let nothing be done
informally.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I express my willingness
to that course. If Senators do not agree to it,
very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon asks unanimous consent, as the
Chair understands, pending the demand for
the yeas and nays, that the unfinished business
be informally passed over, subject to a demand
for the regular order, for the purpose of con-
sidering the bill pensioning the soldiers of the
war of 1812.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not modify my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Kentucky objects.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wanted to show my
willingness to do what I proposed.
Mr. DAVIS. I stand by the form in which
I made the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the motion, and it
requires unanimous consent to modify it.
Mr. HOWELL. It has been said that this bill
for pensioning the soldiers of 1812 is brought
up here in direct hostility to the steamship
subsidy bill. Now, as a matter of fact, it is
no more hostile to the subsidy bill than the
subsidy bill is to the pension bill. This pen-
sion bill is a prior order to the subsidy bill,
and was taken up the other day and passed
over for unfinished business, and now again
unfinished business comes in the way of this,
bill for pensioning the soldiers of 1812. As to
the interest that may be felt in the two bills,
respectively, I think those who feel and have
an interest in the bill for the soldiers of 1812
are far better entitled to our consideration and
our sympathies than those who have a special
interest in the subsidy bill. And as this bill
for pensioning the soldiers of 1812 as it came
from the House of Representatives is liable to
he amended here in the Senate, it will fail
unless it gets back to the House in a reason-
able time, so that the amendments may be
considered and acted on there. Therefore I
hope that Senators will agree to take up the
pension bill now. It will take but a few min-
utes, I think, to dispose of it, and then we can
go on with the subsidy bill without objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe
that I am opposed to about ninety-nine out of
every hundred of these subsidy bills, although
I was much interested in the remarks of the
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Kellogg] yes-
terday ; but it is perfectly manifest that no bill
which we may pass now in relation to subsidies
will be able to secure passage in the other
House at this session. Hence it seems to me
a useless consumption of time for us to con-
sider any one of them. No one can expect that
during this session of Congress any bill on
that subject will pass, not only this House but
also the other, and there is very much im-
portant business yet to be transacted. I shall
therefore vote for the motion of the Seuator
from Kentucky.
Mr. COLE. I do not think the argument
of the Seuator from Vermont is very sound.
If so, we might as well suspend all further
business in this body for the rest of the ses -
sion. If nothing we do here is to receive*
any consideration in the other House there
is no use in our doing anything further. I
suppose there is time yet 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. TheSenator
will pardon me for suggesting that there are
piled upon the Speaker's table in the House
any number of bills of a like character in rela-
tion to railroads that have not been acted on,
and will not be, as it is stated in the other
House, at the present session. Is itlikely that
these bills will receive any greater favor than
those bills already there ?
Mr. COLE. 1 am aware of the great mass
Of business that has accumulaied on the table
of the Speaker of the House; but 1 do not
suppose all that business will remain and fall
at the end of the session. Meritorious bills
among them, I suppose, will be taken up and
disposed of; at least I hops so ; and I am sure
that there can be no more meritorious bill pre-
sented in that bodyto be acted upon than some
of these so-called subsidy bills. I can see very
distinctly that the lines proposed will be of
vast advantage to this Government, and they
will yield many times the amount it will require
to establish them in many instances. Indeed,
I should be opposed to taking up any bill of
that sort and'passing it if I did not believe it
would be in the end remunerative, abundantly
remunerative, to the Government..
I hope, therefore, that this pension bill,
which is said to be a bill from the House of
Representatives, and which certainly can be
disposed of at any other time as well as now,
will not be allowed to take the place of these
bills in relation to the carriage of the mails on
the high seas ; but that these bills, which must
go to the House and take their chances there
after we pass them here, will be allowed to be
disposed of at this time and in preference also
to the special order of the day. And if I may
be allowed to do so, I would refer to the opin-
ion expressed by the Presiding Officer a while
ago, that the present pending bill only would
take precedence of the special order of the day.
I regarded the three subsidy bills that were set
down under the head of unfinished business
as having precedence, and that they ought to
be disposed of before the special order of this
day.
I think it is difficult for us really to realize
