1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which lie thinks the United States ought to be
liable. I think the proposition, as stated by
him in regard to that character of claims, is
much too broad. To say nothing of the obli-
gation of the Government to pay for property
taken for public use under the provision in our
Constitution which requires that no private
property shall be taken for public use except
upon the payment of just compensation, I
think he is much in error in his statement of
the case, even under the broad principles of
international law and those rules and regula-
tions which control the operations of Govern-
ment in regard to the seizure and use of the
citizen's property in time of war.
Now, sir, if the doctrine of the Senator from
Michigan and the Senator from New York be
the true doctrine, I think we made a grand
mistake during the progress of our war; I think,
instead of incurring the great debt that is now
resting upon the energies of the people, our
armies should have gone into New York and
into Pennsylvania and into Ohio and into
Michigan, and violently and ruthlessly seized
the property of the private citizens of those
States, and applied that property to the ben-
efit of the Government, to the support of the
armies, and to carrying 011 our campaigns.
What is the difference, sir? Let us see what
the law is upon this subject. Aside from that
obligation which I contend rests underour writ-
ten Constitution paramount to all other laws,
and overruling all other laws and all other
usages, making 110 distinction in time of war
or m time of peace, but proclaiming the broad
proposition that all private property taken for
public use shall be justly compensated for by
the Government, let us look at the distinction
drawn in cases of this cluuacter as laid down
by Yattel. He marks the difference between
eases where the Government should make com-
pensation and where it should make no com-
pensation. lie does lay down the doctrine
that where property is destroyed fortuitously,
where it is destroyed accidentally in the prose-
cution of war, or 111 the conflict of battle, in
such eases the Government, ought not to be
made responsible, and according to the law of
nations is not responsible. Of course there is
no responsibility 011 the part of the Government
for property destroyed by the enemy, ihere
would bono responsibility upon the part of the
Government for a house battered down in the
bombaidnient of a town or in the conflict of
battle or for property accidentally destroyed
m the heat of the conflict. But even in such
eases ay these, even in ca.^es ol property
destroyed by the ravages of the enemy, this
humane writer does lay down these proposi-
tions, which I v. ill read ;
"Bat it is perfectly consonant to the duties of the
;-.t.u.e nr.d the soverci;;!, awl, of tnnn'f, poi'tectiy
i.qniffihlo, ami oven slnctly just, to relieve, as tar
as possible, thene unh.ippy sufl\>rer^ who have been
i amed by th"i\iv«ises war, a -likewise to tofce cave
a iarnily whose head and ^uppoit has lost hi* ulo
ui the norvice of the S^atc. 'Ihetc are many deots
which nrc considered as s-acred by the man who know--
his dutj, although ihey do not afiord any fjround ot
.•(•tioi) him."
But, sir. this writer draws the distinction to
which I refer in these word*:
"Is the State hound to indemnify individuals for
i he dam.-igos they have sustained m war? We may
j0:iia trom (crotius that authors are divided on tins
question. The damages under considemtion are to
•icdistinpuishecl into two kind-—those done j^'tpe
:• tatft irsuif or the sovereign, and those done by the
rneiry, Of ih  first kind some are done deliberately
und by v? ty of precaution, as, when a field, a house,
<,•> a ^'urden belonging to a private person is taken
(orihe purpose ot eiectim: on the spot a town ram-
*i'rt, or any other piece of iortification, or when ins
'-Undine corn or lus stoic-housos arc destroyed, to
cnt their being ot use to the enemy, ouch uum-
s are to be nnsde good to tiie individual, who
.-hould bear only hiaquota ol ih« loss."'
The PI'ESILUNCr OFFICE!7!, (Mr. Ax-
VHOXY.) It is the duty of the Chair to remind
1 he Senator from West Virginia that he has
f poken live minutes. •
Mr EDMUNDS. I hope tne Senator will
be*allowed"to pieced. This is an important
Question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears 110 objection, and- the Senator from West
Virginia will proceed.
Mr. W1LLEY. I had said nearly all I
intended to say. I simply desired to iuvite the
attention of Senators on the other side to this
distinction laid down by eminent writers on
international law, apart from and outside of
the obligations of our Constitution, which, in
my estimation, are paramount to all interna-
tional law. I have shown here by this high
authority that where you take a house by proper
and competent military authority to prevent it
from falling into the hands of the enemy and
being converted to his use, it is the duty of the
State to pay for it, even where there was no
written obligation in the Constitution to pay
for private property.
4SI0W, sir, what is the case here?- Here js a
house which was taken by the competent mil-
itary authority, and under circumstances which
must, in the judgment of the Senators who have
paid attention to the report, have justified the
taking of it; taken for the purpose of prevent-
ing it from falling into the hands of the enemy
and being converted to the use of the enemy
in the destruction of the fort which we had
erected; necessarily talten, judiciously taken,
and applied to the public use, in the fact that
the enemy was prevented from using it for the
destruction, or at least to the detriment, of our
forces in the fort adjacent to it. It seems to
me that the facts stated in the report in tlys
case come entirely within the purview and the
spirit of the law laid down by Vattel, to say
nothing of the obligation which rests upon the
Government in all cases in this country to pay
lor private properly taken for public use.
Sir, 1 had occasion to argue this whole ques-
tion at the last session. 1 did not now rise to
repeat what I said then 011 the subject, but
simply to direct the attention of Senators to
the law which I have read, and to show them
that their broad propositions are not sustained
either by our Constitution, which makes no
reservation of property taken iu time of war,
or by the law as laid down by Vattel as reg-
ulating the economy of nations under such
cucumstances.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I do not
know whether I am iu order in asking leave to
occupy the attention of the Senate for a few
moments in reference to thin bill. II no objec-
tion bo made, I wish to call attention to the case
cited by my honorable friend for Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Scott.] Thalcoso was cited origin-
ally, pending the claim of Sue Murphey, by the
senior Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis ;j
eited by him as influential, if not controlling,
011 the identical question now before the Sen-
ate. I looked at the case then with more care
than 1 have had opportunity to study it now,
andattempted to review it somewhat at length,
for the purpose of discriminating between the
question in the case and the question here. I
do not intend to review it at length now ; but
I ask the attention of the Senate to one or two
i'acts which, it seems to me, dispose of all sim-
ilarity between tne case at oar and the ques-
tion before us, it, indeed, there be truth in the
saying of that, great judge, that the law was to
be found not in decided cases, bat in the prin-
ciple which runs through and governs cases.
Let me read first a paragraph or two from the
head-notes:
" Private property may be taken by a military com-
mander to provent it fiora falling into the hands ot
the enemy, or for the purpose ot converting ltto tne
XU'0 of the public; but the dansermust be immediate
iirul impending, or the necessity uraent for the pub-
lic service, such as will notadmitof delay, andwneie
theacoon ot the civil authority would be too late in
providing the means which tlio occasion calls. tor.
"IMie tacta a-3 they appealed to the otiicei mast
furm.-h the lale tor the application of these prinu-
pl"iiut the officer cannot take possession of Priv-to
! property tor the purpose of insuring tne success ot a
| distant expedition upon which heisabouttoraarca.
Now, Mr. President, observe, as stated by
. the court, the Chief Justice giving the opinion,
i the iacu upon v.hich tins proposition arose 5
the case came up mainly, I believe wholly, on
exceptions to the charge of the judge below:
"When Colonel Doniphan commenced his march
for Chihuahua tho plaintiff and the other traders
continued to follow in the rear and trade with the
inhabitants, as opportunity offered. But after they
had entered that province, and wcie about to proceed
in an expedition'against the city of that name, dis-
tant about three hundred miles, the plaintiff determ-
ined to proceed no further, and to leave the army.
And when this determination was made known to
the commander at Sair iGlizario, ho gave orders to
Colonel Mitchell, the defendant, to compel him to
remain with and accompany the troops. Colonel
Mitchell executed the order, and the plaintiff was
forced against his will to accompany the American
forces with his wagons, mules, and goods, iu that
hazardous expedition.
*'Shortly before the battle of Sacramento, which
was fought on the march to the town of Chihuahua,
Colonel Doniphan, at tho request of the plaintiff,
gave him permission to leave the army and go to ihe
hacienda of a Mexican by the name of Parns, about
eight miles distant, with his property. Bat the plain-
tiff did not avail himself of thi? permission, and
apprehended, upon more reflection, that his property
would be in more danger there than with tho army,
and that a voluntary acceptance on his part, and
resuming the possession at his own riak, would de-
prive him of any remedy for ifs Joss if it should bo
taken by the Mexican authorities, lie remained,
therefore,with the troop® until they c n1 ered the town.
His wagons and mules were used in the public ser-
vice in the battle of Sacramento, and on the march
afterward. And while the town remained in pos-
session of the American forces he endeavored, but
without success, to dispose of his goods. \v hen the
place was evacuated they were iherefurc unavoid-
ably left behind, as nearly all of his mules had been
lost in the march and the battle, lie himself accom-
panied tho army, fearing ihat his person would not
be safe if he remained behind, a,s he was particularly
obnoxious, it seems, to theMexieans, because he was
a, native of Spam and came with a hostile invading
army.''—IS Howard's Jteports, pp. 1C9-30.
I need not read further to show the Senate
that here was a man who had crossed the front-
ier of his country under permission of his Gov-
ernment, he having a license to trade. The
commander of the army near which he was
meditated a perilous expedition, in the lan-
guage of the court, consisting of a march
stretching three hundred miles into a foreign
country. This man sought to return to his
domicile, to remain within the jurisdiction and
under the protection qf his Government. He
was forced, says the court, against liis will,
to accompany this expedition, and bis prop-
erty was tak<jn—1 use the word "taken'' now
as a term of art descriptive of the thing we
are discussing—it was taken deliberately in
advance, and brought into requisition and
employed day alter day and week after week
in the prosecution of this march, this man all
the time protesting.
It was taken three hun-
And, as I ought to have
Mr. EDMUNDS.
dred miles.
Mr. CONKLING.
said 
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The Chair
must remind the Senator from New York that
he has spoken live minutes.
Mr. CONKLING. I have been speaking
lawlessly, even if speaking within five minutcp,
because the whole thing rests in the courtesy of
the Senate; but if I ara outside of the order
I will sit down. ["Oh, no; goon."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to the Senator proceeding.
Mr. CONKLING. As my honorable friend
from Vermont reminds me to state, if I nave
not stated, the property was thus transported
three hundred miles from the place at which it
was when the claimant sought it and prayed
for permission to return to his_ own country
andtobeleftinitspossession. _ Upon thatstate
of things the court below said two or three
things which.it was argued by the Attorney Gen-
eral, misled the jury. The judge expounded
certain doctrines as to the right o^t a com-
mander to take property to prevent its falling
into the hands ot an enemy. That question is
foreign here, and [pass over it. Then the court
instructed the jury as to the effect of permis-
sion being given to this man, after it became
impossible tor him to do so, to withdraw Iroin
the army and go somewhere asiue. As_ .lira
does not belong here, it id not material. hen,
I what was the remaining quesU'm :
