102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
The court say, first, that the officer, as to his
good faith, is to be tried upon the appearances
as they presented themselves to him, and that
if he believed in good faith, even unwisely, that
it'was necessary for him to seize this man and
coerce him to go on this three hundred miles
expedition, it was, as I think the Senator
from Pennsylvania argued it should be, a judi-
cial act, not a ministerial act—so to speak, but
an act of that nature ihatlf it was performed
in good faith the officer, as to his intention,
was excusable.
What else did the court say? They said that
this officer, thus acting in good faith, having
taken the mules, the horses, and the wagons of
the plaintiff' where they were safe, where they
were in danger from no war aud no destruc-
tion, and employed them as a part of the
materiel and impedimenta of the army, by the
use of which a march of three hundred miles
was achieved into the heart of the enemy's
country, they were taken and they were used
up, and should be paid for. And, to pronounce
and render more distinct in the case what their
meaning was, the court say that an officer
cannot destroy or take property, as an act
for which he is not to be responsible, for the
purpose of conducting an expedition not yet
begun, and fighting a battle three hundred
miles off in distance, and postponed in time.
Well, sir, the implication, to my mind, from
that statement of the court, is that had this
property perished, even by its use in a battle
not three hundred miles off and to happen on
a future day, but raging at that moment and
on that spot, no remedy whatever would have
arisen to the party. But suffice it to say that
the bearings of this case, in the facts upon
which it rests and in the question to which it
gives rise, are so entirely dissimilar to the
point here that it seems to me it tends rather
to becloud than to elucidate this question.
One other remark, Mr. President, and I have
done. I understood the honorable Senator
who has just taken his seat, preparatory to
reading from the publicist he quoted, to say—
and if 1 am wrong he will correct me—that upon
his judgment and understanding of the law, if
this house had been knocked down by cannon
pending a battle the claimant would have no
right to compensation. The Senator either read
that in substance from the book, or it was the
comment with which'he attended his reading.
I should like to have that Senator, or some
Senator holding similar views, state the differ-
ence between the demolition of this bouse as
an incident to the battle, as a thing essential
in the contingency and emergency of that strug-
gle, and opening upon it a battery of cannon
or a battery ot' mortars by which it was blown
to pieces or shivered to atoms. Of course the
manual difference can be stated; but I ask
for that difference which distinguishes the
case legally or morally as it would be then
from the case legally or morally as we see it
now.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I have
known something about the character of this
case for some years. I knew something about
Dr. Best during the war. He was one of the
most active and efficient Union men in Ken-
tucky, and I frequently heard him spoken of
with distinction and approbation by officers of
the Army and others coming from Kentucky.
So far as the personality of this claimant is
concerned, he occupies the very highest posi-
tion This claim is as good a claim of the
kind as can be presented, and the only ques-
tion is as to the general character of it on prin-
ciple.
The question involved in the discussion of
the Sue Murphey case was this: it was claimed
on the one side that because she lived inside of
the enemy's lines, and the property destroyed
was inside of the enemy's lines, she was to be
regarded in contemplation of law as a public
enemy, and was not therefore entitled to com-
pensation for the destruction of her property.
I took the oilier side of (hat question. 1 took
the ground that a loyal person living within the
enemy's lines was entitled to compensation
where under the same circumstances he would
be entitled to it if he lived in the North. If
the circumstances would entitle a loyal per-
son in the North to compensation for property
taken or destroyed, I held that a loyal person
living in the South should be equally entitled.
I denied the principle that was contended for
by those who opposed compensation in the Sue
Murphey case.
Then there was another question presented,
and that was whether quartermasters' and com-
missary stores taken for our Army from loyal
persons in the South should be paid for. I held
to the doctrine that quartermasters' and com-
missary stores taken for the support of the
Army from loyal persons in the South should
be paid for just as if they were taken in the
North.
But, Mr. President, it occurs to me that this
claim-is of a third class, and different in prin-
ciple from either of the other two. It seems
to me that this presents the question whether
the property of a loyal person destroyed in
battle shall be paid for.
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President; if the
Senator will allow me, I will state what the
facts are, more distinctly than I think has been
done recently, for his information. He is
mistaken.
Mr. MORTON. Very well, sir; but I have
Unreport.
Mr. HOWE. The property was situated
near a fort. At the time the fort was located,
and about a year before the destruction, it is
in testimony by General Paine, who located
the foit, that a board was appointed to exam-
ine and determine what property within reach
of the fort ought to be condemned, and that
that board decided that this house should be
condemned. It was not actually destroyed
then, and the report of that board is not on
file; but some months after, nearly a year after,
this fort was attacked by some of General For-
rest's sharp-shooters. The Committee on the
Conduct of the War report that there was no
doubt that if the garrison had been captured
at that time it would have been murdered as
was the garrison at Port Pillow. Some of the
sharp-shooters got possession of this house and
annoyed from that point the men in tbe garri-
son very much, so that the garrison turned
their guns on the house and drove them out.
Forrest then retired; the day's battle ended.
Realizing the danger that the Union forces
were in, and the embarrassment that they had
suffered while the rebels were in possession
of this house, and anticipating that they might
be attacked again, Colonel Hicks sent out a
detachment and took possession of the house
the night after the attack. An officer swears
that they kept possession ofthe house all night,
only one night. The next day they learned
that they were to be attacked again. They
had but a handful of men. in the garrison, and
not wishing to withdraw the force, the com-
manding officer gave orders to destroy the
house. There was no battle, no enemy in sight;
the house was destroyed by order of the com-
manding officer, because there had been an
attack the day before, and he feared another
attack, and if there was another attack and the
rebels got possession of the house they would
be able to embarrass our troops. These, as I
recollect, are the facts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It being the
manifest disposition of the Senate that upon
this bill tbe five-minutes rule shall not be
enforced, the Chair will not call attention to it
hereafter
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I shall sub-
mit to the Senate, upon the statement made by
the distinguished chairman of the committee,
which does not differ from the report, that this
property was substantially destroyed in the
course of a battle, and then present this dis-
tinct question : whether there is any authority
to be found that makes the Government re-
sponsible for property destroyed in the course
of a battle. The report says:
" They were driven from the house—"
That is, from Dr. Best's house, which the
rebels had taken possession of—
" by shells from the forfc and gun-boats, and tbe ene-
my's whole force retired from the assault at eleven
o'clock that nigh't."
, The battle had raged all day, and at eleven
o'clock at night it was suspended, not ended.
"They appeared again next morning with reen-
forcements, and Colonel Hicks, regarding his com-
mand in grea.t peril, having exhausted or nearly
exhausted his ammunition the preceding night, gave,
orders for the destruction of all houses within mus-
ket-range of the fort. The order was executed at
once, and claimant's house was burned, with its con-
tents."
Now, sir, was not that destroyed in the
course of a battle? Was it destroyed with
that preceding deliberation which is spoken
of in the authority read by the Senator from
West Virginia," where, in the course of build-
ing a fort, or preparing a fortification when no
battle is going on and when no enemy is pres-
ent, property is deliberately taken ? Sir, there
is a broad distinction here. The battle rages
until eleven o'clock at night; there is a sus-
pension of a few hours; the enemy are coming
again in the morning ; the danger is imminent;
and the order is given, not with the delibera-
tion of previous preparation spoken of by the
authority, but to be fairly considered as in the
progress of the battle, to destroy this property,
and it is done. Now, can the Senator from
Pennsylvania or the Senator from West Vir-
ginia tell me what the distinction in law or in
right is between the destruction of this prop-
erty the next morning, as the enemy are rush-
ing on to the attack, and its destruction the
day before by shot and shell, when the enemy
actually occupied it? I will thank the distin-
guished chairman of the committee to tell the
Senate the difference in principle between the
destruction of the property the day before by
shot and shell, when actually occupied, and its
destruction the next morning, when the enemy
were rushing on to the attack. Sir, there is
no difference in principle or in right between
the two cases.
You must regard this property as destroyed
in the course of a battle; and then I ask my
friend from Wisconsin to state whether there
is any authority giving to a loyal man, or to
anybody else, the right to claim payment for
his property destroyed in the course of a battle.
If there is such an authority as that, I have
not heard it read. I will go as far as any man
to pay the southern loyalists; my heart has
always been with them; and when it was pro-
posed to treat them as public enemies because
they happened to live within the enemy's lines,
and to refuse to pay them under circumstances
where a northern loyalist would have been paid,
my heart rebelled against that doctrine, and I
opposed it.
Now, when you take the property of a loyal
southern man for a barrack, for the comfort of
an army, for their winter quarters, or when you
take his provisions or his cattle to feed your
Army, I say he should be paid. What differ-
ence does it make whether you take the prop-
erty of a southern loyalist or a northern loyal-
ist to feed your Army? The one is as much
entitled to payment as the other; and hence I
differed with many Senators on the question
of the payment ot southern loyalists for quar-
termaster and commissary stores taken by
order of the military commanders. I say they
ought to be paid for, and I so voted, I believe.
But this is a different case. This is the case of
property destroyed in the course of a battle.
Sir, we dare not set this precedent. As was said
by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Chand-
ler,] if this doctrine should be recognized and
carried out it would involve the Government
in bankruptcy.
But, sir, there is another class of injuries
that comes between the two I have described,
which we cannot even recognize. Let me refer
