928
Tfita CONGM&SIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
land. Hamilton of Texas, Ilamlin, Harlan, Howe,
Johnston, Morrill of Maine, Nye, OSborn, Pool,
Revels, Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz. Stearns, Stewart,
Thurman, Warner, Williams, and Y&tes—27.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is. un-
derstood that the other amendments Differed
by the Senator from Kentucky, to make the
bill correspond ftith the vote just takfett, will
be considered as agreed to; and the j Irire
agreed to.
Mr. SAWYEE. I mote to amend the bill
by inserting after the word " discharged," in
the ninth line of the first section, the following
words:
And to such other officers and soldiers as may hare
been personally named in any resolution of Cofagresa
for any specific service in said war, although their
term of service may have been less than three con-
secutive months. „
I wish to say a word in reference to this
amendment. It is intended to cover the case
of a few individuals who served less than three
months, and whose services were of such a
character that a special resolution of Congress
was passed in their behalf on the SOth of May;
1826, giving to each one of the persons named
a rifle as a recognition of the excellent service
he had rendered. It is the only case in which
the names of the privates in a company were
mentioned in any act of Congress in relation
to that war. These individuals were at the
time minors, and went forward and volunteered
for service, which they did under the direction
of General Macomb. For & more complete
explanation of the amendment, I ask the Clerk
to read the paper I send to the desk, which is
an extract from the National Intelligencer.
There are but five pr six persons whom this
amendment will affect, all the rest having
dscs&scd
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The paper
will be read, no objection being interposed.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Youthful Soldier*.—In looking over some ef the
ol 1 papers containing accounts of the progress of
the war of 1812, we found a notice of the company of
boys who took an active part in the defense of Platts-
burg. But few of them we understand were over
the age of sixteen. They are referred to in one of
General Macomb's dispatches, dated at Plattsburg,
September 13. 1814. Thegeneral was so pleased with
their gallant bearing that he promised them each a
ritie, which promise Congress afterward redeemed
for him. General Macomb said :
Finding on examining the returns of the garrison
that our force did not exceed fifteen hundred effect-
ive men for duty, and well informed that the enemy
had as many thousands, I called oil General Mooers,
of the New York militia, and arranged with him for
bringing forth the militia en mawe. The inhabitants
of the village fled with their families, except a few
worthy citizens and some boys, who formed them-
selves into a party, received rifles, and Were ex-
ceedingly useful. By the 4th of the month General
Motors collected seven hundred men.'
"In giving further details of tho repulse of the
enemy's large f'orco undor Sir Ueorgo Prevost, Cien-
■eral Macomb said:
"'From the 7th to the 11th the enemy was em-
ployed in getting on bis batteringtrain and erecting
his batteries and approaches, and constantly skir-
mishing at the bridges and fords. By this time the
militia of IJew York and the volunteers of Vermont
were pouring in from all quarters. I advised Gen-
eral Mooers to keep his force along the Sarinae, to
prevent the enemy's crossing the riven and to send a
strong body in his rear to harass him day and night
and ke&p him m continual alarm.
" 'The militia behaved With great spirit after the
first day, and the volunteers of Vermont were ex-
ceedingly serviceable. Our regular troops, notwith-
standing the constant skirmishing and repeated
endeavors of the enemy to cross the river; kept at
work strengthening their defenses, and evinced a
determination to hold out to the last extremity.'
" The enemy's loss dufing thestegd of Plattsburg
amounted to about twenty-five buiidi'ed in Milled,
wounded, prisoners, and deserters. €olouel Wel-
lington was among the killed. ,
"To enable the reader to' understand the accouht,
it is proper to state that tha river Saranae divides
the town of Plattsburg. The British occupied the
western portion in the form of a creseent. The
Americans as they retreated from the west sido took
up the bridges and maintained their position in the
other part of the town.
" The following is the resolution of Congress au-
thorizing the delivery of rifles promised to Captain
Aikin's volunteers (boys) at the siege of Plattsburg:
'dissolved, &c„ That tho President of the United
States be, and ho is hereby, authorized to cause to be
delivered to Martin J. Aitkin, Azariah C. 1'lagg,
Ira A. Wood.Gustavus A. Bird, James Trowbridge,
llazen Mooers, Heriry K. Averill, St. John B. L.
Skinner. Frederick P. Allen, Hiram Walworth,
Ethafi Everist, Arnoa Soper, James Patten, Barte-
mus lirOoks, Shlith Jjateman. Melancton \Y. Travis,
and Iflavel Williams* each one rifle, promised
them by General Macomb, while commanding the
Chainfelain department, for their gallintry and
patriotic services as a volunteer corps during the
siege of Plattsburg, in September, 1814, on each of
which said rifles there shall be a plate containing
an appropriate inscription.
" 'Approved, May £), 1826."'
Mr. SAWYER. The services of these boys
were of Such a character that they were recog-
nized by Coiigress in this espeeial manner, ahd
the amendment I propose merely includes the
survivors of that band <jf boys, softie five or
six at most in number, in this pfehsiott bill.
Mr. HOWELL. I think it would be better
W provide in a separate bill for this special
case or any other special case, ahd let this
bill go lipon the general principles and the
general basis updfi which it is already plaeed.
There are, doubtless, numerous other worthy
and distinguished exceptidns outside of the
rarige eif this bill, which it will not cover, and
there is just as Much reason why those other
cases should be included as this case mentiohed
thrdugh newspaper report by the Senator from
South Carolina. I prefer that this Amend-
ment should not be put in the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Smith Carolina.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VICEERS. 1 move ih the Seventh line
(if the first section to strike out the weird " con-
secutively," so that the Clause will read, "who
served three months in the war with Great
Britainofl812." There are mdny cases where
sbldierg served perhaps six months d tiring that
war, but yet not more than two or three months
cqnsefchtively. In my own county, where one
of the taost gallant battles of that War was
fought, the militia served otily about a month
at any one period, although they were called
out frequently; and it is so, I understand, in
rbany other places. They may have served six
months or nine months during that war, but
not more than two months or one month at any
one period. The amendment which has just
been adopted allows certain distinguished offi-
cers a pension where they have served less than
three months, because they have been honor-
ably mentioned by Congress or by those at the
head of the Military Department of the conn-
try. If we can afford to allow a pension to
such persons, surely we can afford to allow it
to those Who served in the rank and file and
who did important service to the country. I
therefore move to strike out the word " con-
secutively," so that any sbldier Who served
three months during that war shall be allowed
a pension.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I move to amend the
bill by inserting in line nine of the first section,
after ''1812," the words " and the Florida war
of 1884." My reason for ottering the amend-
ment is briefly this : the great principle of the
bill seems to be that all those who have par-
ticipated in the struggles for the liberty and
perpetuity of our great Government shall be
recognized and rewarded, and if the bill is to
pass in its present shape, it seems to me, it
would be a withholding of justice from those
persons who participated in the struggle with
the Indians in 1834. Much good resutted from
their efforts upon that occasion, and they should
not be lost sight of. I hope, therefore, that the
amendment! have offered will be adopted, so
that all may be protected and rewarded.
Mr. HOWELL. I do not like to see this
bill endangered and broken down by amend-
ments, and I must protest against this one as
in violation of the general principle of our
pension bills for no sufficient reason. Our
pension bills heretofore have gone upon the
idea that persons must have been wounded or
injured during war in order to obtain pensions.
This bill, as now amended, goes upon the idea
that in consideration of the great and glorious
service performed by the soldiers of the war of
1812, who are now all past the age of active
service in the, world, they shall be pensioned
alike. For that I voted, and on that I am
willing to stand. But if we extend the prin-
ciple further, if we include the soldiers dt the
Florida war, there is no reason why we should
not include the soldiers of the Mexican waf;
and if We include those ih the Mexican war
there is no reason why we should not incilude
those iij the Black Hawk war; and then what
reason is there that we should not include all
the soldiers who continued three months in
service iii the war of the rebellion T
Sir, this will not do; we must stop some-
where. The place to stop is where we began,
with the soldiefs of the war of 1812, who Are
now past the age in which they can provide for
themselves, and who have entitled themselves
unmistakably to the gratitude of the country.
Therefore I hold that we must limit it to that
class of soldiers or we shall break down the
bill.
frtr. THURMAN. It is well known, Mr.
President, to every Senator that for many long
years the proposition has been before Con-
gress to grant pensions to the soldiers of the
war of 1812; but by disagreement between
the two Houses, or from some other cause,
every such appeal heretofore has failed. Now,
there seems to be an Opportunity to do what
appears to me .to be an act of justice to the
few survivors of that war. But if this amend-
ment be adopted, it opens a new field; it en-
larges very much the pensions that are granted
in the bill. I concur, therefore, with the Sen-
ator from Iowa who has just taken his seat, in
expressing tho hope that the amendment will
not be adopted, and that if any one is in favor
of granting a pension to the soldiers of the
Florida war it may be the subject of a separate
bill. Do not let us, who are friends of the
measure, defeat it now, when it seems within
a step of becoming a law, by loading it down
with amendments upon an entirely foreign
subject. I hope, therefore, that the amend-
ment will not be agreed to. If my friend from
Texas will introduce a bill in respect to the
soldiers of the Florida war I am sure it will
receive careful and considerate attention at
the hands of Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Texas.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is one clatise in
this bill, if it is to pass, that certainly ought to
be atnended ; and I think my friend froin Iowa
will see the force of illy suggestion. I refer to
the limitation of "three months in the war of
1812 With Great Britain." It is well known
to most of the people residing in the north-
eastern part of the country that one of the
most dangerous attacks upon the United States
was made by the British army in invading
northern New York in the year 181-1. They
penetrated as far as Plattsburg, and were of
course endeavoring to penetrate to the interior
of the country. Volunteers were called for,
and the citizens of the State of Vermont as
well as the citizens of northern New York and
New Hampshire, all who were within reach in
that great emergency, immediately volunteered
by thousands. They proceeded to Plattsburg;
and I may say of the citizens of my State who
proceeded there that they went there against
the remonstrance, I am ashamed to say, of the
Federalist Governor whom the State of Ver-
mont happened to have then, who told them
that they being militia ought not to leave the
State, but ought to protect that. The " Green
Mountain boys" however did not mind the
Governor, and went to Plattsburg and assisted
the regular troops and the volunteers from
New York and New Hampshire—all who could
get there through all that region of country—
to repel the enemy; and the consequence was
the battle of Plattsburg and the American vic-
tory. That campaign lasted a little more than
