1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
929
a month from the beginning to the end. Many
were killed; many were disabled; and many
went home, of course, unhurt; and these men
were in this respect like all those to whom this
bill now applies.
Now, sir, I think it an act of injustice, while
you are providing for the soldiers of this war
who served three months, as an arbitrary pro-
vision, to deny to the citizens of New York
and Vermont and New Hampshire who par-
ticipated in repelling this great invasion from
Canada, and whose term of service was some-
what less than three months, any of the bene-
fits of the bill. I think that the philosophy of
the bill, or the principle upon which it goes,
is to provide for these old soldiers, without
regard to the particular time they may have
served. There is no special equity in three
months more than in two months. It is patri-
otic service in defense of the country; and if
that service was so gallant and so vigorous as
to produce a cessation of hostilities within a
particular period of time, and thus to meet the
emergency, there is no reason why the vener-
able men who performed that service should
not have a small contribution as well as the
others. I submit to my friend from Iowa
whether it is not just and right to strike out
this provision as to three months, so as to
embrace all those who were really a part of
the Army in the war of 1812.
Mr. HOWELL. I regret that my friend from
Vermont did not think of this in committee,
and thus, as chairman of the committee, en-
able us to perfect the bill and bring it before
the Senate. The majority of the committee
were very much embarrassed, in the first place
because they were but a majority in the com-
mittee, and in the second place because, as
the bill passed the House in the shape in
which it is before the Senate, we feared that
if we attempted to perfect it it would be
defeated in the House. We supposed that the
friends of the measure and the friends of the
soldiers of 1812 had done their best in the
House. We accepted the bill, therefore, under
those embarrassments, and a majority of the
committee reported it to the Senate precisely
as we received it from the House.
Now, in regard to the volunteers who rallied
and went to Piattsburg to resist the enemy
there, although I do not know that I shall
resist very persistently the allowance to them
of a pension, they do not come with the same
claims upon the country as the soldiers who en-
listed regularly for the service and the war and
marched away to a distant section to defend
the flag of the country. They simply rallied
for a momentary occasion, and although they
did so bravely and patriotically, and accom-
plished the purpose for which they rallied—
the defense of Piattsburg—yet they did not so
engage in the war as to entitle them to the
same consideration as the soldiers who were
regularly enlisted, and who marched under the
flag of the country across the country for its
defense. If we have no limitation whatever
upou the bill, then, of course, the soldiers who
served a fortnight at Piattsburg ought to come
in as well as the soldiers who served three
months and marched across the country.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator will allow
me, I think he is under a misapprehension.
The lads who were spoken of as having served
at Piattsburg offered themselves to the com-
manding officer at that point, General Haeomb,
and at first, viewing their youthful appearance,
he was rather inclined to smile at their offer
to do military duty; but upon conversing with
them he found that though lads in years they
were men in strength, in spirit, and in patriot-
ism, and he ordered them, to be mustered in
and to be equipped. They were regularly
taken into tho service, and served so long as
their services were demanded iu that neigh-
borhood, and then were mustered out with the
promise that they should have their arms.
The arms were subsequently wanted by some
troops there, and were taken away from them,
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 59.
and then he made the recommendation to
Congress that a rifle should be given to each
one. Now, if the fact that those lads did not
serve three months is a reason for excluding
them from this bill it seems to me it is a very
insufficient reason.
Mr. HOWELL. I understand the Senator
from South Carolina to be talking of those for
whose benefit he offered an amendment a while
ago. The amendment now proposed by the
Senator from Vermont isavery different thing.
Mr. SAWYER. I understood the Senator
to be speaking of the troops who volunteered
at Piattsburg.
Mr. HOWELL. Not at all; it* is another
subject that is before us now.
Mr. SAWYER. I am glad the Senator did
not attack those boys.
Mr. HOWELL. I merely wish to say that
so far as this amendment is concerned I am
not objecting very seriously to it. I do not
know but that I am perfectly willing that we
shall give pensions to all the enlisted soldiers,
to all who fought in the battles of the war of
1812. I am willing that the soldiers of that
war, and that alone, in view of the fact that all
who were engaged in it must be now seventy-
five years old, shall have pensions. I only
called attention to what I deemed to be an
inconsistency on the part of the Senator
from Vermont in bringing this matter up at
this day.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I shall vote
against the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmuxds,] and I
shall do it for this reason: I am against all
amendments to this bill; and I hope the
amendments already made will be recon-
sidered, and that the bill will be passed as it
came to us from the House of Representatives.
It is rather a difficult question to determine
whether we shall vote for the bill at all or
not. The soldiers of the war of 1812 were
not like the men who went through the Revo-
lution. The men who went through the Revo-
lution did not receive their pay. The men of
the war of 1812 were paid, and well paid, for
their services. They did their duty, and did
it faithfully, to the country. They have been
•asking for many years for pensions. Many of
them are aged, infirm, poor. This bill is in-
tended to aid those men who faithfully served
the country and who need that aid in the clos-
ing days of their lives. The men who served
in the.war of 1812 and who have property,
who live on farms and have amassed a com-
petence, need neither our sympathy nor our
aid; but the bill as it came to us from the
House looks to taking care of the men who
do need the aid of their couutry for the
services they have rendered.
It is said, here that they have got to show
that they are poor, and that that is not a very
creditable thing. I think it is nothing against
men that they are poor. There is no disgrace
in poverty in this country, unless it is brought
upon men by bad practices, by misconduct;
and then it is not the poverty that is disgrace-
ful, bat the misconduct which produced it.
Now, sir, this bill comes to us from the
House of Representatives. I take it it is
what they thought they could do in this case.
I think it is founded in a just discrimination.
I can see no reason why a man who served in
the war of 1812, who received his full compen-
sation at the hands of his country, who pursued
the ordinary avocations of life, who received
the rewards of years of toil, who is to-day in-
dependent, standing upon his own acres, call-
ing no man master, or who engaged in mercan-
tile pursuits, in the mechanic arts, or in the
various business of the country, and amassed
a competence, should receive a pension. Why
should we at this time, with the heavy taxes
pressing upon the country that gentlemen are
so fond of talking about, insist upon passing
a bill here for the relief of men who do not
want our relief and do not ask it?
Sir, I am willing to vote for the bill as it
came from the House of Representatives, and
I may vote for it even with these amend-
ments; but I ask Senators to look and see
where it carries us. Suppose some Senator
rises here and does a greater thing than any-
body else, and proposes to give a pension to
all the men who fought in the Mexiean war
and in the war that we have just gone through,
and begin now. There are perhaps a million
and a half of living men who fought in the
war of the rebellion. Suppose we propose to
give them all pensions. Some of them are
rich, some of them poor men. The time may
come, and probably will come in the course
of years, when the men who served the coun-
try through the war of the rebellion, old, worn-
out, on the verge of the grave, with the poor-
house looking them in the face, may come
and ask us to give them a pension. Those of
them who are wealthy, who are making money,
who are independent, do not need to come to
us. What will the country do then? What
ought it to do? Ought it not to discriminate,
and not pension the men who have got prop-
erty, who own, perhaps, their tens and hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars, but. look to the
men who are poor, and keep those men out
of the poor-house? I.confess that I never want
to see a man who fought in the war of 1812,.
in the Mexican war,.or in the war of the Rebel-
lion, compelled to go into a poor-hocse for
support. I would rather do something to keep
them out. I do not want a man who fought
for my country to die in any poor-house in this
land.
But, sir, I hold that a man owes something
to his country, that he owes his services, that
he owes his life if necessary to his country.
If he has served us in' any war, and then has
engaged in business, has the benefits that all
the rest of the country enjoy, has property,
and does not .need relief, there is no reason
why he should be pensioned. I think the
amendments that have been adopted this morn-
ing are establishing a principle that will be
wrong and will come back upon us in the future.
I think we had better put this bill on the basis
of aiding those who absolutely need our aid,
and not of giving pensions to men who have
the means of support, because they fought iu
the war. I, therefore, shall oppose the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont, as I shall
oppose any amendment to this bill. I hope the
amendments that have already been adopted
in committee will not be concurred in when we
come into the Senate, and that the Senate will
pass the bill as it came to us from the House
ot' Representatives.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him one question ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask my
friend whether the soldiers of the war of the
Revolution were not all pensioned, I think in
1835? They were not compelled to wait quite
so long as the soldiers of the war of 1812, and
a great many more of them were living when
the pensions were granted than there are now
living of the soldiers of the war of 1812.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They were pensioned in
1832.
Mr. WILSON. Most of the men who fought
in the war of the Revolution received nothing
for their services 4}ut the promises of the
country, which did not amount to much. The
reason why a pension system was advocated for
them was that we did not meet our promises
to the men who fought the battlesof the Revo-
lution. After years of struggle, after many
great debates in both Houses of Congress upon
the question, it was settled that those men, not
having received at the hands of their country
what the country had promised them in fight-
ing its battiesfor independence, should receive
pensions, to apply to all those men. But this
has never been the case with the men of the
war of 1812. They received what the country
agreed to pay them ; they were paid what was
promised, and have enjoyed the benefits of it.
