104
mi- COWtESBIOimL GLOBE.
December 14,
most practical of all peoples, industrial dis-
plays have for them a peculiar charm, Tiiis
regard for the useful they combine with rever-
eppe for'repiiblican institutions and pride of
country. An international exhibition in our
jubilee year would give; fit expression to these
national trait?.
A desire to honor worthy deeds and those
who perform them and to revive cherished
memories of tlje past and renew old associa-
tions with fresh suggestiveness, and pleasure
in comparing early feebleness with present
strength and stature, are considerations which
underlie all anniversary celebrations. These
feelings mn§t all seek gratification in the cere-
monies which commemorate the one hundredth
anniversary of the nation's birth. In making
a comparison of what we were with what we
are, territorial expansion and increase of pop-
ulation may be most striking yet least signifi-
cant. The evidences of national growth and
power and the facts of national progress can
only be shown in an exhibition of national
industries. The fact that a nation which in
1776_nujj)b§red but three millions of people
will in 1876 number fifty trillions expresses
one result o,f national growth; but the valpe
of this growth must be determined by racking
inquiry concerning the character and capabil-
ities of the people, and contrasting,their works
with those of their fathers and with the indus-
trial achievements of other nations.
A merely American exhibition might gratify
national pride in what has already been ac-
complished ; But we want something more than
this to demonstrate the worth of free institu-
tions. If we would frankly show to ourselves
and to the world our defects as well as our
excellencies, learn as well as teach, apd hon-
estly compare the United States of America
with other countries, we must make our com-
petitive exhibition free to all the world. If there
is anything of the extravagant boastfulness of
the stage Yankee in our national character, we
may hope to have it corrected by observation
of those things in which we have much to learn
from other countries, while we may reasonably
expect that our general proficiency in the arts
and our marked superiority in some of the
most important industries will reflect honor
upon American workingmen, and cause our
republican Government to be more worthily
regarded by the world at large.
If, thenj there be ^national celebration worthy
of the occasion, there must be an exhibition
of universal industries. It must be competitive
to evoke and reward merit, elicit interest, and
insure sucpgss, And as at the appropriate cele-
bration of our most distinguished national fete
we must expeqt the graceful recognition of
fj-iendly peoples, we can do no less than invite
their attendance, and in doing this we cannot
without churlishness refuse to give then} the
pri vilegeof friendly competition for the rewards
of excellence. j
To bring together the varied productions of !
our soil) pur mines, and our workshops, the j
creations of our artists and the works of our !
authors and inventors, and place them side by
side with the productions of other countries,
would afford an opportunity foracomparison of
the progress in the arts of civilization accom-
plished in a single century in this country with
the best results of human effort in all ages in
all the rest of the world. Suph an exhibition
would call together representatives from all
parts of the globe, and familiarise our people
with the choicest productions of other lands.
It would bring among us the skilled artisans
apd men of talent and enterprise from every
competing country, many of whom, after real-
izing the opportunities for improving their for-
tunes that are presented under our free instil u-
tioas, would make their homes here and give
us the benefit of their skill and experience.
Others, who would return to their own people,
would carry with them vivid impressions of the
udvanta
just concept
:ages of a republican Government and 1
ionceptious cf the capabilities of the !
American people. Looking exclusively to the
advantages to be deriyed' by out own citizens,
it naay be safely affirmed that they would be a
thousand times repaid for all the expense of
every character to which the Government, cor-
porations, associations, and individuals would
be subjected.
The place where the celebration should be
held is as unerringly designated by historic and
patriotic associations as the day and year to
be commemorated. When the subject is men-
tioned, by a common instinct the eyes of the
nation turn to Philadelphia as "the birthplace,
and to Independence Hall as the cradle, of the
American liepublic. It was within this hall,
still maintained with reverent cafe, and filled
with objects rendered sacred by the touch of the
actors in the scene, that the nation sprang
into being, heralded by the shouts of patriot
thousands and by the tones of the bell which
fulfilled its pfophetip legend in preplanning
liberty throughout all A6 'an4 t0 t'ie i"*
habitants thereof. Otlier cities were not less
patriotic, and Boston may claim to have been
advanced in leadership and first in the pombat,
and to be riehinobjeetsandseenes of patriotic
suggestiveness: butBoston has nothing to show
in commemoration of Independence Day. That
belongs to Philadelphia, and its memories over-
flow the mind at the sight of Liberty Bell and
Independence Hall.
Dispute about the proper locality for the cel-
ebratjon ought not to arise where the instinct
of patriotism is regarded ; yet if the associations
of Independence Day are thrust aside, Phil-
adelphia can still show so many scenes ol*
national interest as to establish a paramount
claim to the celebration. It was in Philadel-
phia that the Continental Congress held its first
session, and here the larger part of its labors
were performed. It was here that the Father
of his Country was called to the command of
the Continental Army. Here the Convention
for the formation of the Federal Constitution
met. Carpenters' Hall, in which its sessions
were held, is still standing. Here was the first
capital of the ''more perfect Union" estab-
lished by that Constitution, and here resided
during the two terms of his office the first Pres-
ident of the United States. Here are the graves
of many of the leading spirits of the .Revolu-
tion, Benjamin Franklin and Ilobert Morris
among the number, and it is here that the sacred
mementos of this eventful period of our early
history most thickly cluster. Near by are
the battle-fields of Germantown, Brandywine,
and Trgnton, the scenes of the Paoli massa-
cre and of the sufferings of the patriot army
at Valley Forgo.
If it were merely proposed to hold such a
world s fair as was held in London and in
Paris, any large pity upon oursea-hoard having
sufficient enterprise and liberality might have
show of right, and claim some peculiar advan- ,
tage, and for a merely national display of I
industrial products the fitness of some of our
inland cities could not be wholly disregarded.
New York has the finest and most picturesque
harbor in the world; its communications by
land and water are unsurpassed ; its accumu-
lations of capital and vast pommercial energy
make it the most important trading center of
this continent, and one of the first of the civ-
ilized world. Its surroundings are more than
romantic; they are grand and inspiring; its
architecture is generally of a superior charac-
ter, and its public institutions are an honor to
the country. It has a noble park, numerous
and capacious hotels, and well-managed and
attractive amusements. Perhaps there is not
to be seen in the world such an extraordinary
ppectacle of human activity as Broadway pre-
sents during the business hours of every day.
New England was aptly named ; for it was,
andrem&insto this time, more like OldEngland
than any other portion of the United Slates.
Boston, its literary and business capital, is in
all things a worthy rival of New York, and in
many respects presents superior claims to that
city as the place for holding a centennial cele-
bratiop. It is rich in patriotic associations, for
the reason that it led in the revolutionary strug-
gle, as it has since led in every contest for lib-
erty. Its public men have generally' hacl the
largest experience in public affairs, and nave
in a great degree directed or goyerned' the
country. There is hardly an advantage claimed
by New York which Boston cannot equa|, and
certainly no intelligent foreigp visitor Would
wish to leave our shores without having seep
the city which ispermitted by common consept
to call itself the Athens of America. Doubt-
less the claims of Boston to the honor of cele-
brating the centennial of national liberty will
find numerous and able advocates on tliis floor,
who will thus be making definite acknowl-
edgment of the obligation sung by the popt of
New England; for there has been' no time in the
history of the country wben the'representation
of the middle, southern, apd westerp States
did not owe much of its ability to—
" That vigor of th« northern brain
Which nerves the world outworn."
Passing from the Atlantic sea-board, we have
interior cities which in theniselves are expo-
sitions of American enterprise and progress
wonderful to behqld'. Whip a hundred years
ago was a Frepch foft is now thp great city of
Pittsburg—the Sheffield of America. Chicago,
which within the recpllectiqn of men now livin0,
had no existence, has risen as if by enchant-
ment, and with such rapidity and ill sueh splen-
dor that the fables cf the Arabian Nights'
Entertainments are eclipsed by its veritable
history. Baltimore is a city of great beauty,
enterprise, and refinement, and has long vied
with New York and Philadelphia in commercial
aud manufactftring progress. St- Louis is the
capital of the Mississippi valley, and nearly the
territorial center of the Union. It has doubled
its population in the last ten years, and as our
western friendsareuowproposingtp remove the
national capita) to that city, certainly it? claims
to the honors of a centennial pelebratiop may
not be lightly put aside. Cincinnati, the Queen
City of the West, might present very strong
claims to this distinguished honor, and so might
Louisville. All of these enterprising cities are
easily accessible by land and by water, aud
against none of them can a conclusive objection
be urged.
If any contest with Philadelphia is admitted,
numerous claimants will spring up with argu-
ments very nearly balanced, yet none can
boast the preeminent claims which make that
city the most fitting spot on the continent for
such a celebration. In every light in which it
may be viewed, Philadelphia is a city of which
every American may justly be proud. If the
celebration is to be of an international char-
acter, as it should be, the foreigners who visit
us should be invited to a city which will fairly
represent the enterprise, the thrift, the taste,
the intelligence, and the Christianity of our
country, and which is in all things most char- '
acteristically American. The beautifullocation
of Philadelphia, its cleanliness, healthfulness,
and good order, its abundant and excelhnt
markets, its pure water, its public halls aud
places of amusement, its institutions of learn-
ing, charity, and benevolence, iis chuiches,
schools, libraries, hospitals, asylums, art galle-
ries, and scientific institutions, ihe comforts
enjoyed by its working classes, and the gen-
eral superiority of their residences, are Uihi-
acteristics which will always secure for it the
praise of unprejudiced visitors. Its courts arc
pure, its great corporations faithfully managed,
and the probity of its merchants is as pro-
verbial as the learning aud astuteness of its
professional men.
New York boasts her superior harbor, but
that of Philadelphia is adequate for all re-
quirements. I he park of Philadelphia is a gem
of nature; that ol'New York is a miracle of art.
i heir rival beauties will long be discussed ; yet
i ae possession ot the romantic Schuylkill river,
near which the great poet ot' Ireland made his
