106
THE COJST(xKESSIOKAL GLOBE.
December 14,
made the last hundred years the most eventful
period of human progress; and yet the theme
is very* suggestive. If it is beyond human
capacity to comprehend the achievements in
■which the whole world has shared since th^
declaration of American independence, it is
nevertheless possible for all to know something
of the worth of those leading inventions, dis-
coveries, and enterprises which an interna-
tional exhibition would so fitly illustrate and
commemorate. The wonders of steam as a
motive power and of electricity as a medium
for communicating thought were unknown
when this nation had its birth of freedom.
Eailroads that would carry passengers fifty
miles in an hour were not dreamed of, and
no printing press sent forth mammoth dailies
at the rate of twenty thousand impressions an
hour. Few could read and write, for common
schools did not then dot the land. Labor-
saving machinery did not then lighten the toil
of the masses. Then years were spentin accom-
plishing what is now performed in a day. Then
the divine right of kings to rule was generally
recognized; now most kings rule only by suf-
ferance, and the people are sovereigns where
they once were slaves. Liberty has indeed
been proclaimed—liberty to the people to make
their own laws and to -worship God according
to the dictates of individual conscience. The
declaration of American independence inau-
gurated this new era, which has been so prolific
of priceless benefits to all mankind; and I
trust, sir, that this Congress will show its rev-
erence for that declaration, and its apprecia-
tion of the mighty results it inspired and made
possible, by granting the sanction and encour-
agement of the Government to the proposed
centennial celebration and exhibition of the
industry of all nations at Philadelphia.
I now propose to yield to the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Cleveland,] my col-
league on the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. CLEVELAND. For how long?
Mr. MOKRELL, of Pennsylvania. How
long a time does the gentleman wane?
Mr. CLEVELAND. As I have no pre-
pared speech to make, I can hardly tell how
long a time I may want; fifteen or twenty
minutes—perhaps it would be well to make it
half an hour.
_ Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield to the gentleman twenty minutes of my
time.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Mr. Speaker, while
this question is not in itself a novelty to me or
to the country, yet the form in which it comes
up at this time is a novelty, not only to the
country, but to me personally. I did not ex-
pect it would come up at this session of Con-
gress. And I aru aware that itis looked upon
here as a matter of no consequence, or as a
very slight matter in itself, merely a decision
on the part of Congress that it is in favor of
holding a great centennial celebration in the
city of Philadelphia in the year 1876. If that
were all there was in this proposition, I appre-
hend there would be no opposition to it in
any part of the country. Certainly I should
make no opposition to a proposition of that
kind. ,
I grant all the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Mokrell] has said, or rather all that I
could hear'of what he said, in favor of the city
of Philadelphia, its character, the intelligence
of its people, its vast and varied industries,
its position as the great manufacturing city
of this country; and I, with him, look toward
Philadelphia as to the great Mecca of civil
and religious liberty. Carpenter's Hall is dear
to every student of American history. We all
revere it; we all regard it alike. The history
of Philadelphia does not belong alone to the
people who reside within its limits; it belongs
to the whole American people. Therefore all
the gentleman may say for Philadelphia in that
behalf we can all of us say, and I should be the
last to raise"an objection.
But I do object to this proposition for the
Government of the United States to enter into
a great scheme for the holding of a great expo-
sition in the city of Philadelphia in 1870 of
theindustry of allnations. Itis agreatscheme,
much greater, I apprehend, than the members
of this House will become aware of from any
discussion which we shall be able to have upon
this bill here, because I know that upon meas-
ures of this kind the attention of the House is
seldom bestowed, and we are called upon to
vote, if indeed we vote at all, without due con-
sideration of all the bearings of what appears
at first sight to be so simple a question.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I come to the consider-
ation of this question without any preparation
and without any immediate thought, although
it is a question not new to me. So long ago as
the 31st of March, 1869, I introduced into the
House of Representatives the preamble and
resolution which I will now ask the Clerk to
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas it is proposed by the American Institute,
of the city of New York, to hold an international
exhibition of the industry of ail nations in said city
during the year 1876; and whereas such an undertak-
ing, if properly carried out. will prove of great value
to the whole country by familiarizing the mechanics
and manufacturers of other countries with the great
progress we have made in the mechanic arts, and
thus inducing the immigration of skilled labor to this
country ; Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Committee on Manufactures
bo requ ested to inq uire wh ether it be advisable for this
Government to render aid or countenance to said
undertaking, with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Now, Mr. Speaker,
that was the first public action ever taken upon
this subject by Congress. The American Insti-
tute of New York had for the past five years
at its annual exhibitions notified the country
that in the year 1876 it would hold in the city
of New York a great exhibition of the industry
of all nations, and it was believed by the insti-
tute that if the Government would recognize
the fact, and would itself notify foreign Gov-
ernments that such an exhibition was to be
held, and ask them to ilTVite their people to
participate in it, that they would be more likely
to look favorably upon the proposition than if
it came from a private institution. The Ameri-
can Institute asks of the Government noassist-
ance; it asks no appropriation; it simply asks
that an old institution which has been for forty
years in existence, and which has held thirty-
nine successful exhibitions, shall be recognized
to the extent I have intimated in its efforts to
bring together within the limits of our own
country specimens of the industrial skill of all
peoples, so that our mechanics might have an
opportunity of comparing their own successes
and failures with the successes claimed by the
mechanical genius of other nations. It was
believed that such an exhibition would result
in great good to the industrial interests of this
country ; that it would educate our mechanics,
taking the conceit out of some while it stimu-
lated others, and that it would mark a new
departure for that inventive genius so charac-
teristic of the American mind, which is rap-
idly raising this country to the first position
as a manufacturing nation. To organize and
carry forward to completion such an under-
taking would require experience, and it was
felt that the American Institute possessed more
of that experience than any other institution
in the country. It was felt that the commer-
cial metropolis of the nation was a fitting place
in which to hold such an exhibition.
The American Institute was started more
than forty years ago, for the purpose of enabling
poor mechanics to bring the products of their
genius to the knowledge of the public, and it
refers with pardonable pride to thousands upon
thousands of mechanics all over the country
who received their first start under the auspices
of the American Institute, and many of whom
are now pointed at with pride by an apprecia-
tive people. It is the only institution in the
country, except the Massachusetts Charitable
Mechanics' Association _ of Boston, that has
kept up a continuous series of industrial exhi-
bitions. The American Institute has just com-
pleted its thirty-ninth exhibition, acknowledged
by those who visited it to have been the largest
$nd most varied exhibition ever yet opened of
the marvelous mechanical skill and inventive
genius of the American people. The Cincinnati
exhibition, lately closed, did well. They had
ability, but they needed experience. The
Maryland Institute can command ability, but
it is also without the needed experience. The
Massachusetts Charitable Mechanics' Associa-
tion has more experience, and can command
ability beyond question; but it has held an
exhibition only once in three years, and, there-
fore, perhaps it may be claimed that even it
has not the necessary experience. The Frank-
lin Institute of Philadelphia was once a live
and valuable institution. My friend, the chair-
man of the committee, was formerly, and I
believe still is a member of that institution.
But, sir, it has not organized an exhibition in
very many years. The American Institute, on
the contrary, has of late years been taken hold
of by younger men, new life has been infused
into it, and for the last ten years it has been
more active than ever, holding the only con-
tinuous successful series of great industrial
exhibitions in the world. It has one hundred
and five officers, all but three of them serving
without p*ay, and a membership of upward of
three thousand, extending all over the country,
representing every branch of industry, every
profession, and every class of useful people.
And it was on behalf of such an institution that
I came to this Congress and asked that you
should recognize the fact that it was to hold,
and was capable of holding, such an exhibition,
one that would be a credit to the country, and
asked you to invite the people of foreign nations
to take part in it.
But no sooner do I broach the subject here
than we find starting up all over the country
speculative schemes. Vfe find here in the city
of Washington a stock company formed for
this very purpose, coming to this House and
asking for a charter. Action not being taken
with sufficient rapidity here, they went to the
Senate and asked for a charter, where, within
the past week, they have indefinitely postponed
that application. We have speculative under-
takings in the city of New York. I am informed
within the last ten minutes that $5,000,000
have been subscribed to that undertaking in
the city of New York—a purely speculative
undertaking, an undertaking gambling upon
the industries of the people. We have prop1
ositions from various cities asking that the
Government should recognize them m holding
such an exhibition ; but, in all these various
propositions, with the single exception, per-
haps, of the one of which I was just reminded,
in the city of New York, the Government itself
is asked, or would be asked, to assume grave
responsibilities and incur an enormous expense.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in this bill we are told
that the Government is not asked to incur any
expense. Let us see whether that is so. I
know, sir, that in the preamble to this bill
there is a great deal said about the Declara-
tion of Independence and all that sort of thing.
We do not object to that. Nobody opposes
that sentiment. It is a sentiment not any more
common to the people of Philadelphia than to
the people of all other cities in the United
States. But there are other portions of the
bill than the preamble, and, like many another
preamble, this one does not express the real
object of the bill. Section two of the bill says
that a commission, to consist of not more than
three delegates from each State, shall be ap-
pointed, whose functions shall continue until
the close of the exhibition, &c. Section four
says that there shall be in the same man-
ner appointed three alternate commissioners,
making six from each State. Section three
says that these six commissioners shall be
appointed by the President of the United
States, making some two hundred and twenty-
two commissioners to be appointed. The bill '
