TIE CONGRESSIONAL 0LQBE.
December 14,
ip ftrflgr that every State, and, if you ple^pe to,
add it, every Territory, may ljave a voipe in a
project whjch is not; to prove local, xbut one
ip the credit liQuur of which all must be
joint partaker^. It is stipulated that these cpm-
missiqners shall receive no compensation fot;
their services; the Goveniment is only to pay
their aptual expenses. These objections haye
no force whateyer. All we ask is that tbe sanc-
tion and superintending aid of the Government
shall be lent to a celebration the fitness of which
no one will deny, an international exhibition
which shall be regarded in the future as a great
national event, and which v^ould fail to rnark
the historic period it i§ designed to recall if
jilaced in any other spot than where liberty was
first proclaimed throughout the land aiid unto
all the inhabitants thereof.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Morrell] who
has charge of this hill whether it is open to
amendment?
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania, It is.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to offer an
amendment; on the fourth page, in the third
line of the seventh section, to strike out "shall
be paid to an amount not exceeding the visual
mileageof members of Congress," and to insert
iulieu tberpafthe words " actually incurred ;"
so that they shall be paid the expenses actually
incurred, instead of the mileage of a member
of Congress.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I have
110 objection to that amendment.
The amendmeut was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would suggest a further
amendment, and that is to insert at' the end
of the second line of the second section the
words "and from each Territory of the United
States;" so that it will read:
, Sec. 2. And be it farther cnacted. That a commis-
sion, to consist of not more than three delegates from
each Stato and from each Xerritoiy of the United
States, whose functions shall contmuo unl il t'aeclose
ot the exhibition, slmil bo constituted, whose duty it
shall bo to prepare and superintend the execution of
a plan for holding the exhibition, and, alter confer-
ence with the authoiitics oi thecity of Philadelphia,
to fix upon a suitablosite within the corporate limits
of the said city where the exhibition shall be held.
Mi\ MORIIELL, of Pennsylvania. 1 have
no objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLTSON. I desire to call attention
to one or two features of this bill. Tlje bill as
modified by the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is an im-
provement upon the bill as reported ; but it
does seem tu (lie that we are incurring a great
expense j)y selecting a commission of three
pefsons iioui each State, and now, as the bill
has been amended on motion of jny friend
from Ohio, [.Mr. JJixguam,] from each Terri-
tory, to go to Philadelphia to maniiye this
great national exposition. I undertake to say
thqt these men cannot manage this exhibition.
Theye would be under the provisions of this bill
It'om one hundred to que hundred and eighty
persons employed as managers. Now, it is
impossible lor lhat number ot persons to un-
dertake to manage fairly and legitimately a
great exposition of this kind. It' the affair is
to be managed under ihedippction of the Uni-
ted States, let it be done by fifteen, or twenty,
or twenty-live citizens uf the United States;
but do not let us underiajte to have a second
House of Representatives in the city of Phil-
adelphia, who shall ;,it there from now to the
end ot the year 1870 for the purpose of carry-
ing on this exposition. I trust that the gen-
tleman from Permylvania who has charge of
this bill will so amend it as to put the matter
in the hands of a commission which can really
take care of it.
Mr. KELLBY. Let it be one from each
State and Territoiy.
Mr. ALLISON. That would be a vast im-
provement; but to leave the control of the
exhibition to tiro hundred men, or even !o one
bundled, would be an abi-.urdit,'.
Mr. BINGHAM. Move to make the .num-
ber of commissioners one, instead of three.
Mr. ALLISON. I think that will be too
many; btit I make that motion.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I have
no objection to that at all; I think that will be
an improvement.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. There is another feature
to which I desire to call attention. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers] says
that it is proposed that Philadelphia and Penn-
sylvania shall pay the expenses of this exhibi-
tion. Now, if that be true, I trust itwill be so
distinctly declared in this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is.
Mr. WELKEIi. Where?
Mr. ALLISON. I have examined the bill
with some care, and I can find nothing of the
kind in it. If wg are to incur liability under
the bill let us know in advance what that lia-
bility is; but I can find nothing in this bill
which limits the liability of the United States
except that no compensation shall bo paid
to the commissioner. These are all the sug-
gestions I desire to make in reference to this
bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will ob-
serve that the eighth section provides that
whenever the President shall be informed by
the Governor of the State of Pennsylvania
that provision has been made for the erection
ot suitable buildings for the purpose, and for
the exclusive control by the commission herein
provided for of the proposed exhibition, he
shall take the action contemplated.
Mr. ALLISON. But the gentleman from
Ohio will observe that the State of Pennsyl-
vania and the city authorities of Philadelphia
are required to provide only a place lor the
meeting of this commission."
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow us to put in a proviso that
the expenses incurred under this act shall be
borne by the State of Pennsylvania?
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvs tnia. I have
no objection to that.
Mr. BINGHAM. Bat you do noi. want the
State oi Pennsylvania to }>ay the expenses ot'
the United States commissioner.
Mr. CLEVELAND, i desire to make a prop-
osition to the House, which shall be pending
when this bill cornea up to-morrow. I move
to amend section three, by striking out "Pres-
ident of the United States, by and with the
advie©_ and consent of the Senate" and to
insert in lieu thereof (i Governors of the sev-
eral States."
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I am
willing that, amendment should bo considered
as pending.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I hope the bill with
the pending amendments will be printed.
No objection was made, and the printing was
0rdered acco ri 1 ? i)gIy.
AIT'KOVAL OF A BILL.
A message from the President was commu-
nicated to the House by Mr. Porter, his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the House that the
President had approved and signed a bill of
the House of the following title :
An act (fi. H. No. 228J to enlarge the juris-
diction of the probate courts in luaho Terri-
tory.
MESSAGE FROM X1IE S13N-VTE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsox,
o;ie of their clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had agreed to the concurrent reso-
lution of the House of Representatives for the
adjournment of both" Houses from Thursday,
the 22d instant, to Wednesday, the -lib day of
January.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution (S. 11. No. 259)
relating to the Miami Indian reservation in Kan-
sas; in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
AMNESTY.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
make a privileged report. I am instructed by
the select Committee on Reconstruction, which
is authorized to report at any time, to report a
bill for present consideration.
The bill (H. R. No. 2523) for full and gen-
eral grace, amnesty, and oblivion of all wrong-
ful acts, doings, or omissions of all persons
engaged in the war of the late rebellion, was
then received, and read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length, as follows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive* of the United States of America in Congrcbs-asxem-
hled, X'bat each and every person, and all and singu-
lar the bodies politic and corporate and municipal,
and each and every of them, shall be, and by virtue
and authority of this act are, acquitted, exempted,
released, discharged, and do hereby receivo'fuli and
perfect amnesty of and from all manner of ^reasons
and misprisions of treason', felonies, and misprision
thereof, treasonable arid seditious word's, all'libels,
seditious and unlawful meetings; and also of and
frqmali riots, insurrections, rebellious acts against
the Government, all offences, contempts, trespasses,
entries, wrongs, deceits, misdemeauor-, forfeiture-;,
disabilities, political or other, penalties, sums of
money due or owing, and genei ally of and from all
other things, causes, quauels, su'its, judgmeutb, and
executions not in tins'act hereatter excepted, which
may have been made, done, committed, omitted, per-
petrated, incurred, or forfeited between the 11th day
of April, in the year 1SG1, and the 20th day of August,
m the year 180(5. in carrying on, prosecuting, aiding,
or^ interfering with the war of the rebellion, in its
benalf, oi in behalf ot the(iovernment ot the United
States^ or in any way or injnner whatever arising, or
springing out of, or coining fiom, any act done or
emission made m and about, or concerning, the war
ot the rebellion between said last-mentioned ua«.es.,
with full restoration of all rights and privileges lost
or injured thereby and therein; so lhat no damage,
loss, iianu, wrong, or injuiy shall hereatter come, or
any right or claim accrue to the United >States, oi to
any person^agamst any otherpersonnot hereinafter
excepted, of, trora, or because of any act done by him,
or omitted to be done, iu aid of,or m thesuppression
of%or because of, the late rebellion.
Sec. 2. And be it further eaacted, That no suit or
proceeding, either civil or criminal, at law or in
equity, shall be had or entertained in any coui t of
the united States, in any manner whatever, lor any
act done or omitted, or penalty incurred, mentioned
in tiie first section of this act and not hereinafter
excepted, save iu the manner and for the purpose
hereinafter get forth ; and all ordeis, decrees, judg-
ments, executions, levies, extents, tines, penalties,
forfeitures, punishments, heretofore made, entered,
and ordered, of and concerning any act or thing
mentioned m the fiist section of this act, ot any court
ol the United Stales, are hereby declared to be void
and ot none effect, from and after the passage of
this act, except as hereinafter sot iortii. And in ease
any suit tdiall be, or shall have been conanenceu,
or is now pending in any coui t of the United States,
tor or because of any act homnbciore in the iu^fc
section of this act menUoncd.it ^hall be suiheieut
deteu.se thereto to show at any time to the cuui t that
the cause ol c<ction in any way or foi.u aiose out of,
or because of, any a>_-t mentioned and set P>rrii
in said first flection ox tins act, and not hereinafter
excepted. And upon the hut being1 short u to the
satisfaction oi sud coui t that the cause of action
°r oi complaint did so arise, the said action or pro-
ceeding, whether at law or in equity, or by inf'oima-
tion oi indiclmeut.shallbeforrhwitli dismissed, and
judgment entered for the defendant; and if t-'uoh
action was brought by or in behalf of a private
party, an execution shall issue ioi all legal and
taxable eo.sts against the pauy prosecuting the
same. And if any suit, civil or criminal, either at
law or in equity, by bill, summons, capias or other
process, or by information or indictment, shall be
bi ought against siny per&on beoau.-'G of or concerning1
any matter or thing arising oat of nny act done or
omitted to Do done, as sot iouh in tin* hi-it section oi'
tills act. and not herciumtor excepted, 111 any court
of action grow out of or is conccrniu,' any act done
I or omitted io be done, or arums' oaf oi toela'ci-'
bell 1011, as set iorth m the ti:M section oi'tii u act, and
nof iiereiiiaitei excepted. And upon ducts suggestion
either made verba lly in open coui t by Hi-' <lcii.nd 111V
or in wutmg, at any time, either before or alicriinJ
judgment, said cimse, suit, plaint, or indictment
wnetuer civil or criminal, and flie i ccord ailu ('luce;-;
tuereol, shall be, by virtue ot i his ac:, lumovi d ti o;a
said biate court, and from the jiuisuie, 1011 tii-i-nt
wheicm the same ma., theretofore h.ivo been vend-
ing, find shall theieupon, and by virtue ol this act
and said suggestion, with or without motion in fh.it
behalf, be removed into the cicuit vonrt of uie
United otatea in the ciicuit wherein said suic was
brought and entered. Whereupon id! iuriher pro-
ceecliiig!  in said cau^), r,uit. pi.unf, or indictment v*
said bute court ^haii ee.^e and be sia\ci and de-
termined; and whocvvi pio*-.,cute o, promote,
uuectly or sue1' pi-iin., or ii.-
