934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3;
ing their country did not go to make money ;
they have never had money since, or very little
of it ; and I assure him that in my judgment
those who now live who served in the war of
1812 are not men of money.
Mr. WARNER. I do not know how that
may be; but I suppose that in passing a bill
of this sort we must rest it on some principle
upon which we can defend our action. It is
establishing a policy for the Government, and
it should rest upon some good reason which
will be alike applicable to the future and to
the soldiers of the last war and of all future
wars, as it is to these. What I have been try-
ing to get at in my own mir.d is this: if I vote
for this bill'with the amendments so as to apply
it to every man who did any service whatever
in the war of 1812, and without regard to his
present condition, how can I refuse to support
a bill which shall make a similar provision for
every man who served in the last war?
If this bill be limited to those who are now
dependent or who are in need, I have a good
and substantial reason for my vote, and I can-
not be asked to make a similar provision for
every citizen because I recognize military ser-
vice, the service of a man who risks his life,
abandons his home, his wife, his children, all
that is dear in life, and goes into the service
of his country, as a higher service, as a service
to procure which is needed larger inducement
than any civil service. Hence, I can justify
my vote for a bill which provides for that class
who are dependent; and I can say further that
such is the need of military service, and so vital
is it to the safety and existence of every Gov-
ernment, that Government can well afford to
encourage its citizens in doing military service
for their country; that in addition to the spirit
of patriotism which prompts men to fly to
their country's flag, there"should be added
such other inducements as may by law be pro-
vided.
Now, I hope, Mr. President, that this bill
may be allowed to pass as it came from the
House of Representatives. It will substan-
tially provide for all of the soldiers of the war
of 1812. I think the House bill is all that
public sentiment requires. It comes from the
most numerous branch of Congress, from those
who are nearest the people and know best their
wants, and I think we shall have done our full
duty in passing the bill in that shape.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for a separate vote
on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have listened, sir, with
much interest to the discussion on this bill;
and when the Senator from Kentucky addressed
the Senate he had my full sympathies ; but the
coui'se of the discussion and the votes on the
amendments which have been offered to this
bill have satisfied mo that if we attempt to
put these amendments upon it we jeopardize
the passage of the bill. As a friend of the
measure, and believing that we ought to pass
a bill of this kind, and do it speedily, I feel it
incumbent on me, although I voted with the
Senator from Kentucky in Committee of the
Whole, to vote in the Senate against all amend-
ments to the bill. I think Senators will do
more good to the cause they advocate by put-
ting these other measures in other bills on
some other occasion than by insisting upon
placing them on the bill, the effect of which
will be to delay and perhaps defeat its passage.
Mr. DAViS. I am very sorry that my honor-
able friend from New Jersey has announced
that position and purpose. 1 assure him and
I assure the friends of this bill in the Senate
that in ray judgment this is the only occasion
we shall ever have to attach any provision that
is embodied in any amendment adopted to this
bill. I depreoite and deplore that the honor-
able Senator has changed his position, but I
trust we shall be able to pass the bill with the
amendments, notwithstanding.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should most willingly
vote in the Senate for the amendment of the
Senator from Kentucky if we could get rid of
the other amendments which have been put
upon the bill; but it seems to me that in the
position it is now there is but one hope of its
passage, and that is to pass it just as the House
of Representatives sent it to us.
Mr, DAVIS. Will not the honorable Sen-
ator withdraw his conditional hostility to this
bill until we pass it and it comes in the con-
dition of a subject of conference between com-
mittees of the two Houses ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the amend-
ments are all disputed, the Secretary will report
the first amendment, and the question will be
taken on each.
The Chief Clerk read the first amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole, which was
in section one, lines seven and eight, to strike
out the words "consecutively, three months,"
and insert "fourteen days;" so as to read
"who served fourteen days in the war with
Great Britain of 1812."
Mr. WILLIAMS.- Mr. President, I do not
know that I am opposed to what is said to be
the principle on which this bill proceeds, but
if I understand its provisions section three
opens a very wide door to the perpetration
of frauds upon the Treasury of the United
States 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Oregon that the
question now before the Senate is on concur-
ring in the amendments made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. When they shall have been
disposed of the bill will be still open to further
amendment. The first question is on con-
curring in the amendment striking out "three
months" and inserting "fourteen days."
Mr. HOWELL. When this bill came up the
other day I was under the impression that the
attempt to amend it here by its friends would
result in its ultimate defeat. I am again very
strongly impressed with that idea, and I do now
beseech those who are in favor of pensioning
the soldiers of 1812 to forego their amendments
at present. Let U3 pass the bill as the House
passed it and make amendments to the law
afterward, if need be. There is evidently great
division here upon the various amendments
that have been proposed, and such a division
as may ultimately lead to the defeat of the bill
here, and if not here, in the House of Repre-
sentatives. I fear it even more in the House
than in the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very much surprised
at the remarks of my friend from Iowa, who
a little while ago stated to us that he was sat-
isfied of the justice of this amendment which
is now before the Senate, as modified by the
Senator from Ohio. I do not want to go over
the ground again 
Mr. HOWELL. Will the Senator listen to
me for one moment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWELL. I said that one amendment
having been adopted, it would not add to the
peril of the bill if we adopted this one, which
I deemed a just one under the circumstances,
not that I was willing that we should amend
the bill at all. I have opposed that from the
beginning; but I believe in the principle of
the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The position of my friend
now is that he will do an injustice rather than
do his duty as a legislator, and send this bill
back to the House with such amendments as
are proper and right for its consideration. I
am sure my friend does not intend to occupy a
position so extraordinary as that. It cannot
be defended, as I think. If there is any one
thing that the Senate and House owe to their
respective constituents, if there is any one
thing for which they were formed as separate
bodies, it is that they should independently'
consider bills that are sent from one Honse to
the other, and should propose to each other
such just and proper amendments as will make
the public laws that we pass most_ useful and
beneficial to the country. Now, sir, Iaslcfor
the yeas and nays on the question of concur-
ring in this amendment.
Mr. HOWELL. In response to what the
Senator from Vermont has said impugning my
position on this question I have simply this to'
say : I would rather take, under these circnm-
stances, half a loaf than no bread. I would
rather provide for the destitute soldiers who
are dying in poverty by passing this bill now',
and leave those who are not in that situation
to be provided for in an honorable way here-
after by an amendment of the lav. That is
my position, and I hold it to be a sound and
sensible position, considering the situation in '
which this bill now is in the Senate, and is likely
to be in the other House when returned there.
Mr. DAVIS. Let me make one suggestion
to my honorable friend from Iowa. He says
he would rather have half a loaf than no bread.
I ask him whether he would not rather have a
whole loaf than half a loaf? [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWELL. That has been explained
already.
Mr. DAVIS. He now has the chance to
get the whole loaf, and all he has to do is to
adhere firmly to his position of having the
whole loaf. He deludes himself when he thinks
he can get the other half of the loaf at a future
time. The only occasion when there is the
least hope of getting the other half of the loaf
is now ; and the friend of the bill who deserts
that occasion contents himself and must be
satisfied with half a loaf now and forever. I
go for the whole loaf now; but if I cannot get
the whole loaf now I will take the half loaf of
my honorable friend from Iowa at some future
time, but not now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Reference has been made
to the laws giving revolutionary pensions, and
I find, upon looking up the book, that I was
substantially correct. The law of 1823, which
was the first time the indigent soldiers of the
Revolution were placed upon the pension-rolls
was in these words:
"■Whenever the pensioner has heretofore fur-
nished, or shall hereafter furnish, evidence, in pur-
suance of tfte provisions of said ant-,, to satisfy" the
Secretary of War that he is in such indigent cir-
cumstances as to be unable to support himself with-
out the assistance of his country, and has not dis-
posed of or transferred his property or any portion
thereof with a view to obtain a pension."
That was in 182-3, and thai was the first act
that gave pensions to revolutionary soldiers
in indigent circumstances. The act of 1832,
which was a general pension act, gave pen-
sions to all soldiers, but to no widows. Widows
were not provided for until subsequently. I
do not know the date of the act providing for
pensions to the widows of revolutionary sol-
diers, but it was some time afterward. The.
act of 1832 was placed upon the ground that
the money was due to the revolutionary sol-
diers : that having paid off the liquidated debt
of the Government and having a surplus, we
were bouud then to pay the debt dne to the
revolutionary soldiers for back pay which had
been promised to them but not paid. The
widows were not then placed on the pension- •
roll. This bill goes far beyond any precedent.
It goes beyond the invalid-pension clause. ' It
goes beyond the law of 18C2, and extends
pensions to all the old soldiers who served
fourteen days in the war of 1812. Under .the
revolutionary pension laws they must' have-
served six months in the line, and that six
months' service must have been in not over
two enlistments, so that it must not be a snd*
den call. They could not add various calls to
make up the six months, but they must have
served six months in not to exceed two enlist-
ments in order to obtain a pension. '1 his bill
