1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
935
extends beyond the only precedent that is
cited. I think the bill should be confined to the
indigent survivors of the war of 1812 and to
the widows who were contemporary with the
soldiers; that is, who were married to the
soldiers either during or previous to the war.
In that way it will probably reach five thou-
sand persons. It lias been estimated by per-
sons who have looked into it that in that
shape it would extend to from five to ten
thousand, probably taking about one million
dollars a year. 1 am willing to vote for the
bill in that shape. It is no degradation to
these soldiers to apply to them the same test
that was applied to our revolutionary fathers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the question
of agreeing to the first amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole the yeas and nays
are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. It is now nearly fifty-six
years since the war of 1812 was closed. Very
few of those who participated in that war are
under seventy-five years of age. More of them
are eighty than seventy-five. What is called
the pauper clause of this bill will require any
one of those old men, in order to enjoy the
benefit of it, to prove that he is substantially a
pauper. It is a personal humiliation to him
and to his family, which there is nothing in
the condition of this country to justify us in
putting upon him.
It is said that if we pass the bill with the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ken-
tucky it will constitute an unfortunate prece-
dent. If fifty years from this time, if fifty-six
years after the end of the late war, the coun-
try, then so vastly increased in population and
wealth, should choose to pension those who
shall then survive who took part in the war, it
will not be a heavy burden upon the country.
There is no danger to arise from this prece-
dent, for the precedeut establishes nothing
but this: that after a war shall have ended
til'ly-six years, when nearly all the soldiers
engaged in that war have died and but a few
old men are left, it is then proper to pension
them without regard to their pecuniary condi-
tion. That is the whole precedent, the length
and the breadth of it, and there is no danger
in it.
It sometimes happens that a city council
will set apart during a cold, inclement winter,
ten or twenty or fifty thousand dollars for the
benefit of the poor. Do we not know that
there are many families who, though they are
poor and suffering, will not go forward and
apply to the city charity for the purpose of
getting their pittance? I have no doubt it has
so happened in this city when Congress has
made an appropriation for the benefit of the
poor here, that perhaps there may be thou-
sands who are really needy, but who have too
much pride to come forward and apply for that
charity.
It was said by the Senator from Ohio that
in the absence of the amendment, offered by
the Senator from Iveutucky this bill is put sim-
ply upon the ground of charity, and not that
we owe these old soldiers anything; and if we
do not owe them anythiug, then all we give
them is charity. When I give to a man what
I owe him it is not charity, but if I give him
when I do not owe him, and put it upon the
ground that he needs it, then it is charity.
This bill, in its original form, is a bill to give
charity to the old soldiers from seventy-five to
eighty-five and ninety years old. Sir, it is not
becoming this great nation to do that.
Mr. WARNER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. WARNER. Does he regard that as
any disgrace? And if be does, is it not a dis-
grace to the men who are in the soldiers' asy-
lums at Dayton and in Maine and elsewhere?
They are provided for simply because they
cannot take care of thcmsetves.
Mr. MORTON. I do not think that is a
parallel case. Of course we provide for the
disabled, the men who have lost legs or arms.
That is a definite and well-defined class of
cases that does not come under the other head.
But, sir, this discrimination is in itself naturally
and unavoidably offensive to these men and
their families. We have delayed this measure
so long, there are so few of these old soldiers
living—we have put it off until nearly all of
them are dead—that now, if we propose to do
anything, we can afford to act at least gener-
ously toward all of them.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, in stat-
ing as I did a few moments ago that the Sen-
ator from Kentucky had my entire sympathy
in the remarks which he made this morning,
I referred to those beautiful remarks of his in
which he described the soldiers of the war of
1812 dropping off like leaves from the trees in
a forest in winter time, not that I agreed with
the views which he expressed in reference
to his amendment, although I voted for his
amendment, and should be perfectly willing to
do so again if it did not hamper the bill. But
the remarks made by the Senator from Indi-
ana have called my attention again to this
subject, and I desire before the vote is taken
that Senators shall look at the words of this
bill:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the
pension-roll the names of the surviving olfictrs and
enlisted and drafted men, including militia and vol- ,
unteers, of the military and naval service of the Uni-
ted States, who served consecutively three months
in the war with Great Britain of 1812, and were hon-
orably discharged—
Now conies another condition—
and who arc in circumstances which render them
dependent upon their own Labor—
It is asserted both by the Senator from Ken-
tucky and the Senator from Indiana that this
is a degradation. They argue that it is de-
grading to these old soldiers to make them
come in and ask for this pension on the ground
that they are dependent upon their own labor.
It does not strike me so at all.
Mr. DAVIS. Read the next condition.
Mr. STOCKTON. There is another condi-
tion—
or who arc dependent upon others for support.
Now, I can only say, for one, that I am de-
pendent upon my labor for my support, and I
think there are very few Senators in this Cham-
ber who are not. I never heard before in this
country that it was any disgrace to anybody to
be dependent upon his labor for support. Cer-
tainly if it is no disgrace to be dependent
upon labor for support, it can be no disgrace
to avow it. And you cannot be asking these
people to degrade themselves when you simply
ask'them to state the necessities which make
it proper that we should assist them.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask my
friend from New Jersey a question. 1 called
atteution to that construction of that clause
the other day when the bill was up. If you
give the construction to it that my friend claims,
then this proviso is a nullity; it amounts to
nothing. My friend says that he is dependent
upon his labor for support. ^believe he is
not reputed to be very poor. If you give this
clause a construction which would entitle him
to come in and get this pension, I ask, who
would not get it? Of course, that construc-
tion makes it nothing; it is mere verbiage.
The reasonable construction, that which was
intended, I suppose, was that an old man,
eighty years old, who was dependent upon the
labor of his hands for support should be enti-
tled to a pension, and not otherwise. That
makes it substantially a pauper clause. But
•if a man who is wealthy, and who, because he
manages a large fortune, says he is dependent
upon his labor for his support, can come in
and get the pension, then I submit to my friend
there is no use for that clause at all.
Mr. STOCKTON. If there.isnonse for the
clause at all, if the clause bas no effect, then
why put an amendment upon this bill for the
mere purpose of getting rid of the clause, thus
requiring t.he bill to be sent back to the
House ? If the construction given by the Sen-
ator from Indiana be correct, it would be highly
improper to strike out this clause, because shat
simply prevents the bill from passing now.
But let me say in addition to that that the con-
struction, it seems to me, is perfectly simple
and perfectly plain 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. STOCKTON. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I know a few of the soldiers
of the war of 1812, and they are between eighty
and ninety years of age. I do not know any,
except one, and that is General Coombs, who
is not that age. Now, if a soldier of the war
of 1812 is reduced to make his bread by the
labor of his hands when he is ninety years of
age, would my honorable friend withhold from
him this pittance of eight dollars a month that
might relieve him from making his living iu
that way?
Mr. STOCKTON. If I were drawing this
bill I should not put any such clause in it,
as I have distinctly stated on many occa-
sions to the Senate; but my point at present is
simply that I cannot be prevented from voting
for this bill just as it came from the -House of".
Representatives, with a view of answering the
number of petitions I have myself presented
to this body, and the petitions that have come
here from all parts of the country, so that jus-
tice shall be done to the soldiers of the war
of 1812. I cannot be prevented from putting
this bill through simply because I would not
have that clause in the bill. But if the charge
made by the Senator from Indiana to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky were true, that this is a
degrading clause, then I would not vote for
the biii. I am willing, as the Senator from
Iowa said, to take halt a loaf for these people
rather than not get, anything; but 1 am not
willing to take half a loaf ibr them upon a
degrading condition. Therefore, I simply rose
to state to you, Mr. President, aud to the Sen-
ate, that I do not look upon this condition as
in the least degrading. The inmates of the
Sailors' Snug Harbor, which used to be the
only institution for the Navy; the soldiers ill
the asylums for soldiers in the different parts
of the country where they are established; the
asylums that are established for soldiers' chil-
dren ; the llotel des Imalides in Paris, where
the old soldiers of the first Napoleon roam
among the trophies that their valor won from
the enemy, are they there in a state of deg-
radation? They were dependent upon what
they could do by their labor, and in many
cases they were unable to do that labor.
But it is said that this condition "or who
are dependent upon others for support" is
degrading. Sir, is it degrading that a man
whose life is closing, who has done you great
service in arms defending your country, in his
old age is dependent upon his children for
support? Is that a degrading clause? No,
sir. I agree with the Senator from Kentucky,
and the Senator fiom Indiana, that I would
not have put this clause in the bill; but if the
clause is not degrading, then I insist upon it,
and urge upon my honorable friends, that they
should go with me and vote to pass this bill
just as it came to us, because, in the view of"
the Senator from Indiana, this clause does no
harm; it has no effect upon the bill; and I
cEinnot think that my distinguished friend from
Kentucky will insist that there is any degrad-
ation in one of these men coming forward and
avowing that he needs this money. AVould
he insist, if a person did not need this money,
if he was wealthy, that he ought to have it?
You may call it charity or you may call it
what you please: it is what the nation owes
to these old soldiers. But we, as trustees of
the public money, cannot afford to give that
