110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
Mr. W1KANS. I propose to offer the follow-
ing .amendment:
Add at the end of the first section the following
proviso:
- Provided, That no person disabled by the third
section of the fourteenth article of amendments to
the Constitution of the United States to hold office
shall be relieved of such disability, except upon the
conditions and by the means following, that is to say:
any person disabled a5 aforesaid and noc hereinafter
excepted, desiring to be relieved from his said dis-
ability, may tako and subscribe an oath, in writing,
before any clerk of any district or circuit court of the
United. States, or any commissioner of the United
States, who shall certify the aa me under his hand and
seal, which shall contain a statement of the facts
constituting such disability under said amendment,
an oath of present and future allegiance, in the fol-
lowing form, namely: "I, , do solemnly
swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the
Constitution of the United States against all ene-
mies, foreign or domestic ; that I will bear true faith
and allegiance to the same; that I take this obliga-
tion freeiy, without any mental reservation or par-
pose of evasion; " and a prayer for relief from said
disability; which said oath, in writing, certified as
aforesaid, shall be filed in the office of the Secretary
ol State of the United States. And upon, and from,
and after the filing- of g; id oath as aforesaid, and not
otherwise, such person shall berelievedfrom the dis-
ability imposed by the third section of the fourteenth
amendment to the (Jor^titution of the United States.
And it shall be the duty of the Secretary of State
aforesaid, in his annual report in each and every
year, to report the names of the persons relieved
from disabilicy as aforesaid.
The SPEAKER. If the point of order be
taken, the Chair must rule that amendments
can only be ottered in accordance with parlia-
mentary law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to that amendment coming in out of order.
The SPEA1CEIL The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts raises the point that the amendment
is not in order. Tile Chair sustains the point.
Nothing is in order but the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 will suggest a verbal
amendment; cm page 10, line forty, after the
word "any," insert the word "attachment."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
no objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
say, if the gentleman from Kentucky will allow
me, that 1 propose to take the vote on this
question at three o'clock to-morrow afternoon.
Mr. MAYNARD. Do not be in too much
of a hurry.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
in a hurry.
Mr. BEOK. I move that the bill and amend-
ments be printed, so that we may have thein
before us to-morrow.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly. *
Mr. COX. I object to the proposition of
the gentleman from Massachusetts unless we
have an oppoMunity to debate the bill.
The SPEAKER. Thegentlemanhasaright
I also wish to be heard.
I wish to offer an amend-
to give notice.
Mr. BINGIIAM.
Mr. POTTER.
ment.
The SPEAKER. No further amendment
is in order until tlie amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bixuiiam] is disposed of.
Mr. POTTER. I give notice that I shall
move an amendment when I have the oppor-
tunity.
Mr. BECK resumed the floor.
Mr. LAWRENCE, I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] to yield to me while I ask
a question ot the gentlemau from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Bctler.]
Mr. BECK. I yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] invited ques-
tions : and there is a question I wish to ask
him. The second section provides—
That nosuit or proceeding, either civil or criminal,
atla,\/ oi in equity, shall bu had ox entertained in any
court of the "Dmted Suites, in any manner whatever,
for aoy act done or omitted, or penalty incurred,
mentioned in the brat section of thw act. and not
hereinafter excepted, &o,
Among the crimes mentioned in the first
section are treason and rebellion. I wish to
inquire whether the second section of the bill,
from which I have quoted, will not revive the
right now barred by the statute of limitations to
prosecute for treason or rebellion against the
persons who are excepted in the third section
from the operation of this bill ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
hoppy to answer the gentleman's question.
No, it does not revive that right, because this
bill, by its exceptions, has no effect upon the
present condition of the person excepted, the
single exception to that being with regard to
national cemeteries.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Iam not quite satisfied
with that construction of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
the gentleman will see, if he will carefully ex-
amine the bill, that that is its true construction.
Mr. BECK. I can say in a very short time
what I desire to say in opposition to this bill
and in support of the substitute I offered, and
especially in support of the amendment to the
substitute offered by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Farnsworth.] That amendment
embodies what I desire, what I preferred. That
is what I would have offered myself—a gen-
eral removal of all political disabilities from
all classes of men—but for the fact that I feared
that this House might not be prepared to grant-
now a general removal of disabilities, but might
agree to remove disabilities from all persons
with the exception of certain classes, whom I
therefore excepted iu order to accomplish the
best I could, desiring at the same time the suc-
cess of an amendment similar to that offered
by the gentleman from Illinois, which I hope
the House will adopt; and I desire it to be
presented as an amendment to my substitute,
so it can be voted on first.
Ifthe House does notadopt that amendment,
if it is not prepared to grant ageneral removal
of disabilities from all men, then I think the sub-
stitute offered by me,with the exceptions therein
contained, ought to be adopted, if this House
intendsto do what the country expects of it; or,
I may say, what all men of all political parties
in the country, if we are to judge by the ex-
pressions of public opinion given through the
press, desire and deem to be right and proper.
I offered that substitute because I considered
that there were many things in the bill offered
by the chairman of the committee that were
not proper subjects for the consideration of the
Committee on Reconstruction, which belonged
especially to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and which by that committee should have been
carefully considered and reported upon to this
House. I contended before the Committee
on Reconstruction, and contend now, that the
Committee on Reconstruction went beyond its
rights and its duties in presenting such a bill
as this.
We had to do with the reconstruction of the
States of the South. We had to do with the
restoration of political privileges under the
third section of the fourteenth amendment.
Upon legal questions involving the private
rights of property and controversies of citizens
the Committee on the Judiciary are expected
to act. This bill, as gentlemen will readily
observe, presents the anomaly that nine tenths
of what is expected to be done by it can be done
by the vote of a bare majority of this House.
The only thing that requires two thirds—and you
will observe that the bill does not in regard to
this provide, what it ought to provide, "two
thirds of each House concurring"—the only
thing, I say, that requires two thirds of each
House to agree to, is the removal of political
disabilities, as provided for in the third section
of the fourteenth amendment. Why, then, pre-
sent a bill nine tenths of which can be passed
by a bare majority of the House, and mix up
with it—if indeed you intend to relieve any
political disabilities at all—that class of cases
for the relief of which a vote of two thirds of
each House is necessary; thus running the risk
of defeating nine tenths of the matters purport-
ing to be legislated about in the bill, by the
failure to get a two-thirds vote, if indeed a two-
thirds vote is in good faith expected ordesued.
I fear the intention of some of the friends
of this bill is, if it fails to get two thirds of
each House, but does succeed iu getting a
majority of each House, to claim that all the
purposes which they desire will be accom-
plished by getting the vote of a majority of
each House; while the things they did not de-
sire to pass shall fail, while the other provisions
may be carried by the aid of the Democratic
votes which they secure for it, thereby making
a majority by the votes of men who lose all they
desire to obtain, the managers knowing that
the vote of two thirds cannot be obtained.
I presume it will be maintained that if a sin-
gle item of it requires a two-thirds vote all
the balance can be passed by a bare majority;
and if the bill does get that majority it will be
held that all the things therein contained that
a majority can pass have become law. There
are, as I have said, many mafters in this bill with
which the select Committee on Reconstruction
have nothing whatever to do ; they are matters
properly belonging to the Judiciary Committee.
There are provisions in it which attempt to
interfere with and overthrow the existing laws
without any sort of consideration, many of
them, in my judgment, violations of the Con-
stitution of the United States, and making
odious discriminations between citizens of the
United States that do not now exist and
that no constitutional amendment ever con-
templated.
I have therefore offered an amendment, in
very simple form, removing the political dis-
abilities of citizens of the United States ; thus
limiting the question to the single issue whether
Congress is prepared by a two-thirds vote to
relieve the people from the operation of the
fourteenth amendment; and all the other ques-
tions can be considered and passed upon by a
majority of the House, whenever presented in
a properly-considered bill, which the bill before
us certainly is not.
You will observe this bill grants general
amnesty and pardon to each and everv person,
and all bodies, politic, corporate, and muni-
cipal, for all acts done in or concerning the
rebellion, and condones all misdemeanors and
offenses connected with the rebellion. What
will be the effect and extent of these sweeping
provisions, perhaps no member of rhis House
knows or understands; and if the bill is passed
it may, and I believe will, produce results which
very few members would be willing to admit
were intended to be brought about by them
when they voted for it.
The chairman of the committee has referred
to the case of General Pillow, who, it is said,
has been sued for $10,000 for coal taken at
Columbus, Kentucky, under his authority,
from some person in Pittsburg, to whom it
belonged. This bill, as I understand it, grants
to all men, who, in violation of the proclama-
tion by Mr. Lincoln, or of the acts of Congress,
saw fit to carry on illicit intercourse with the
South by sending them arms, munitions of
war, provisions, and supplies, whether by the
Ohio and Mississippi or by the sea-board, par-
don, amnesty, oblivion, forgetfulness, so that
they may sue for the contract price of these con-
traband goods and collect it in lawful money.
That is one of the purposes of this bill. At
present they cannot collect what would be due
them for such supplies; but this bill is intended
to allow them to do it. It will no longer be a
defense that, the contract was in violation of
law. All is forgiven and forgotten so far as
the persons not within the exceptions of this
bill are concerned.
Surely this House does not intend to permit
those who, while residing in adhering States
and piofessing to be true to the union of these
States and to the rights of the Federal Gov-
ernment, sent supplies of arms and provisions
ot all sorts, which were contraband of war,
through the lines to the rebels^ to recover now
