936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
money to one who does not need it. We owe
it to them if they need it, but we do not owe
it to them if they do not need it. We owe it
to them and to the example we set for future
time, to encourage the citizens to noble deeds
in the cause of their eountry. We owe it to
them to show that when they do need assist-
ance when they grow old a grateful country
will take care of their wants. But if* they are
rich, as in many case3 cited, and do not need
it, then I think we ought not to take the public
money at a time like-this and give it to per-
sons who have no need of it. But do nctrcall
this by an offensive name;, do not call it char-
ity. You simply distort the position of things
by giving it names which do not apply to it.
I say it is the duty of a grateful country to give
to those who have helped defend its life what
they need in their old age, and you can apply
no proper name to it that does not make it
equally honorable to those who receive and to
those who give.
I insist upon it that in my view this clause
is not degrading; and although I should prefer
not to have it in the bill, still I beg my friend
from Kentucky, after having said so many
eloquent and beautiful things this morning in
favor of the passage of such a bill as this, not
to delay, not to postpone, not to prevent its
passage simply because he does not like this
clause. I beg him not to see that there is any
degradation in it, and then I am sure other
Senators will not think so.
Mr. DAVIS. With the approbation of the
Senate I will make a short reply to the very
handsome appeal presented to me by my hon-
orable friend from New Jersey.
If I understand him, he believes the propo-
sition embodied in my amendment to be rigbt.
Of course, if it depends upon his own will, he
will attach it to the bill, and it will become a
part of the bill. But he thinks that the amend-
ment may endanger the passage of the bill, as
it comes from the House. Let us examine
that for a single moment. The proposition in
my amendment is right, according to the judg-
ment of the honorable and able Senator from
New Jersey. Of course it is his wish, as it
would be the wish of every Senator who enter-
tains such an opinion of it, to have it incor-
porated in the bill; but he says it will endanger
the passage of the bill. Cannot he try that
question a little further without sacrificing the
bill? He can adhere to my amendment as an
amendment to the bill as it comes to the Sen-
ate. If we pass the bill in the modified form
in which my amendment would put it, it will
then be sent back to the House for its concur-
rence. I have no doubt that the House will
instantly concur in the amendment; and in
that way the wishes and the judgment of my
honorable friend and myself will both be an-
swered and satisfied.
But suppose it should be different; suppose
the House should refuse to accept that amend-
ment as a modification of the bill; what would
the House do? It would dissent from the
amendment made by the Senate and ask for a
committee of conference, and that committee
of conference, composed of representatives
of the two Houses, would decide whether my
amendment should be adhered to or not. If
it was adhered to the preference of my honor-
able friend in regard to the form the bill should
assume would be satisfied; but if the commit-
tee of conference should not agree to it, they
would recommend that the Senate recede from
its amendment, and the Senate would so recede,
and the bill in its present form would be passed.
So that there is a chance, and a reasonable and
probable chance, of passing the bill with the
amendment through both Houses of Congress,
and it is utterly impossible that it should fail
by the Senate insisting upon its amendment
and attaching it to the bill. I trust that my
honorable friend will still give that amendment
his support in the Senate, and that he will not
abandon the amendment until the time conies
when it becomes necessary that he should
abandon it in order to pass the original bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business
■ Mr. POMEROY. Ithink wehadbetterfinish
this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senate will take a
vote on the bill to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Michigan insist on his motion?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire of
the Chair what will be the effect of going into
executive session now on the business assigned
for to-morrow ?
The VI C£ PRESIDENT. This bill would
remain the unfinished business for to-morrow.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Michigan.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. P.OWLER. It strikes me that there
ought to be some time specified in the bill as
the period of service to be performed by these
and all other soldiers to entitle them to pen-
sions. There are many persons who on par-
ticular occasions go into the service for a tran-
sient period, and perform very useful, very ardu-
ous, and very dangerous duty to them ; but if
it is only for a few days, certainly they do not
come under the general denomination of sol-
diers. I, therefore, do not think fourteen days
is a proper limit. It ought to be something
more than that. Persons who entered the ser-
vice for that period of time certainly deserved
much credit, because, as has been stated, the
service that they performed was very important,
for they were always called out upon danger-
ous and eventful occasions. I, therefore, should
be opposed to that amendment, and I do not
think it would do this bill any good.
Perhaps there is no State more interested
in this bill than my own, for certainly no sol-
diers during the last war with Great Britain
did more arduous, more dangerous, or more
brilliant service to the country than those from
the State of Tennessee. I shall certainly re-
gard it as a degradation to them to require
them to go before the Department and prove
that they are paupers. Whatever nice things
may be said in regard to dependence, and the
necessity of relying upon labor; however hon-
orable it may be 
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Will my
friend from Tennessee give way to enable me
to submit a motion for an adjournment over?
Mr. FOWLER. I shall be through in a
moment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I do not
think there will be any objection to it.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas objects to the motion to adjourn over;
and the Senator from Tennessee will resume.
Mr. FOWLER. Whatever may be said with
regard to the dignity and importance of labor
and the number of persons in the United States
who depend upon their labor, it is certainly not
an honorable position for any individual to be
placed in to require him to go before one of
your Departments and prove that he is a pau-
per, or dependent upon the bounty of his neigh-
bors or friends. It is nonsense to talk to me
about the blessings or benefits of poverty, or
the advantages of it, or the honor of it or of
dependence upon labor. There is no sensitive
man, I do not care what his service may be or
what his condition in life may be, who would
not feel it- a degradation to be required to go
before the world and prove that he was a pau-
per or dependent upon the labor of other "per-
sons.
It is right enough to provide for those per- -
sons who are paupers and who have done
their country service; but I apprehend that
the reason on which they have been provided
for is not that they are dependent upon the
bounty of other people, but that they have
rendered their country important and useful
service. It is not, then, because they arepoor
that we propose to pension them, bat because
they have done hazardous duty for their coun -
try, and the most hazardous that can possibly-
be conceived of. There is no duty performed
like that which is performed by a common sol-
dier ; there is none so degrading in itself. It
is the surrender absolutely for the time being'
of all manhood, and the placing of our per-
sonal independence wholly under the authority
and power of others.
It is now, as has been stated, nearly sixty
years—two whole generations of men havd
passed away—since the war of 1812 took place,
and there are but a few persons who havesur-
vived that period. Of the vast number irt
Tennessee that I knew when I first went to the
State twenty-five years ago, I know now of
but one here and there throughout that whole
region of country. It would be bat a very
small expenditure of money to pension all the
individuals who served in that war, and served
so usefully and honorably to their country;
and not only them, but their widows. I should
be willing myself to have the pensions to the
widows limited to those who were married afs-
the time the service was performed. Perhaps,
if all were included, the amount might be more
than we suppose at the present time. I should
have no objection to that limitation; but I
certainly shall vote against the bill if the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky
shall not be agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on concurring in the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, striking out "three months" and
inserting "fourteen days," and the Secretary
will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Carpenter. Casserly,
Conkling, Davis, Edmunds, Flanagan, Hamilton of
Maryland, McCreery, Morrill of Vermont.Nye, Pom-
eroy, Pratt, Robertson, Ross, Spencer, Stewart,
Thurman, Vickers, and Williams—20.
NAYS—Messrs.Blair, Boreman,Brownlow, Buck-
ingham. Chandler, Cragin, Fowler, Gilbert, Harlan,
Harris, Hill, Howe. Howell, McDonald,Osborn, Pool,
Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stearns,
Stockton, Suuiner, Trumbull, Warner^ Willey, and
Wilson—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Cam-
eron, Cattell, Cole, Corbett, Fenton, Ferry, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hamlin, Howard. Johnston, Kellogg,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Bevels,
Rice, Sauslbury, Schurz, Thayer, Tipton, ancj
Yates—25.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was to strike out in lines nine,
ten, and eleven, of section one, the words
"and who are in circumstances which render
them dependent upon their own labor, or who
are dependent upon others for support."
The amendment was concurred in—ayes
twenty-eight, noes not counted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to give notice that
at the proper time I shall move to amend by
striking out "three months" and inserting
thirty days instead of fourteen as the period
of service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Williams] has also given
notice of an amendment to the third section ;
but the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole will first be acted upon.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was to insert after the word " dis-
charged," in the ninth line of the first section,
the following words:
And to such other officers and soldier? as may
have been personally named in any resolution of
Congress for any specific service in said war 
although their term of service may have been, less
than three consecutive months.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope those words will
not be inserted.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes'24.
Mr. SAWYER. I call for the yeas, and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
