1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
937
Mr. HOWELL. I suggest that if the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Kentucky
should be adopted this amendment will be
inoperative and will not be needed ; and if
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Kentucky should not be adopted, then it is
hardly worth while to send this bill back to the
House with this amendment. I trust, there-
fore, that this amendment will be voted down.
Mr. CONKLING. That has been agreed to
in the Senate.
Mr. HOWELL. I did not understand it so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky has been
agreed to by a vote of twenty-eight in the
affirmative, which was a decided majority of
all the Senators present. The question is now
on concurring in the amendment adopted, as
in Committee of the Whole, on the motion of
the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Saw-
yer.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Carpen-
ter, Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Davis, Edmunds, Fenton,Fowler, Harlan,Hill, Mc-
Donald, Nye, Osborn, Pool. Pratt, Robertson, Ross,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Tliur-
man, Vickers, and Williams—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Harris, Howe, Howell, Morrill of Vermont, Pome-
roy, Ramsey, Sprague, Stearns, Stockton,Trumbull,
Warner, Willey, and Wilson—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Cameron, Cat-
tell, Cragin, Ferry, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Howard, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, McCreery, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Revels, Rice,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, and
Yates—24.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is to strike out in section one, beginning in line
nineteen, the following words:
Who are in like dependent circumstances: Pro-
vided, That such widow shall have been married,
prior to the treaty of peace which terminated said
war, to an officer or enlisted or drafted man who
served as aforesaid in said war.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for a division of
the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amend-
ment involves two distinct propositions. The
one is the dependence of the widows, and the
other is in regard to the date'of their marriage.
If the Senator from Kentucky does not object
the Chair will put the questions separately, so
that the sense of the Senate shall be obtained
on each proposition separately. The Senator
from Ohio desires to move an amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I desire to retain the
proviso.
Mr. DAVIS. If I understand the position
of the Senator from Ohio he wishes to strike
out the part of the bill which refers to the
marriage of the widows.
Mr. SHERMAN. . My proposition is simply
to retain the proviso. The question may be
put on the first clause, as it has already been
practically voted on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Under Rule
12 this amendment is clearly divisible, as it
contains two distinct propositions either of
of which can stand alone, the other being
rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I will thank the Chair to state
each different proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
do so. The first is to strike out in regard to
surviving widows the provision as to depend-
ence. The Chair supposes there will be no
objection to agreeing tQ this, as a similar
amendment has been agreed to in the Sen-
ate ; and that part of the amendment will be
regarded as concurred in. The nest proposi-
tion is the following proviso:
Provided, That such widow shall have boon mar-
ried, prior to the treaty of peace which terminated
mid war, to an officer, or enlisted or drafted man,
wiio served as a ior£S&i& said war
The question is on concurring with the Com-
mittee of the Whole in striking out this pro-
viso.
Mr. THURMAN. The amendment as to
the previous words is agreed to ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The previous
words are stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire simply to state
that if this proviso is retained only widows
who were married to the soldiers before or
during the war will be entitled to pensions.
Under the revolutionary pension laws widows
were not entitled to revolutionary pensions.
Mr. CONKLINCt. What is the shape of
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole?
Mr. SHERMAN. Those who agree with me
vote " no" on that. The committee report to
strike out the proviso, and I want to keep it in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the proposition to the Senate. The Com-
mittee of the Whole struck out the proviso
which confined these pensions to widows who
were married prior to the treaty of peace which
terminated the war; and the question is on con-
curring with the Committee on the Whole in
striking out thatproviso.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before we take the vote
upon that, I should like to move to amend the
words—because I hope they will not be stricken
out—by making a provision which will bring
the pensions to these widows into conformity
with the pensions of the widows of disabled
and deceased soldiers under the present pen-
sion laws.
As the law now stands, the widow of a sol-
dier who was killed in battle loses her pension
upon her remarriage. That runs through all
the pension laws. There is no provision in
this bill of that kind, and the result will be to
make an inconsistency between this legislation
for widows and the others, and put these wid-
ows on a much better footing than the others
stand. It will, of course, produce discontent,
not to say work injustice ; and we should either
have to repeal the law as to the others or mod-
ify this. I therefore move to amend these
words, before the vote is taken on striking out,
by adding at the end of the twenty-third line
the words "And who shall not have been re-
married." That will bring this proviso into
conformity with the existing pension laws in
the case of soldiers' widows.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont, pending the question upon striking
out, moves to perfect the proviso by adding
the words "and who shall not have been
remarried."
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to understand the
effect of that. I did not quite catch the re-
marks of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMONDS. I stated that by the ex-
isting pension laws for the widows of deceased
soldiers, officers, and sailors, the wives of those
who were killed in battle or who died from dis-
ability incurred in the serviee are only allowed
pensions during the continuance of their widow-
hood, and not in ease of a remarriage, that
then their pension terminates.- Therefore I
propose to put this into conformity with that
law for other widows, and provide that we
shall only give this pension to the widows of
the old soldiers of the war of 1812 who have
not been remarried and who are, therefore,
still the widows of those soldiers.
Mr. THURMAN., That is, those who have
not married again ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Those who have not mar-
ried again since the death of their husbands.
Mr. THURMAN. I submit to my friend
whether the uniform decision of the courts has
not been that when a woman marries again
she ceases to be the widow of her first hus-
band?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would be a question
of ethics and of construction that I should not
wish to discuss.
Mr. THURMAN. It is not a question of
ethics, but a question of law, and it has never
been decided but.one way. She is no longer
the widow of the first husband when she takes
a second.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a question so
complicated and doubtful that at this fime of
night I will not discuss it. 1 will ouly say that
this provision which I offer is precisely the
provision in substance and almost in words
that is contained in the present pension lawsj
and if it is not necessary of course it will not
do any harm.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator fro®
Vermont to the proviso.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole, which is
to strike out the proviso as amended.
Mr. VICKERS. Is it in order to move an
amendment to that proviso?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. VICKERS. I understand that the prop-
osition of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man ] is to insert the proviso which was stricken
out in committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on concurring with the Committee of
the Whole in striking out this proviso.
Mr. VICKERS. I move the following
amendment to the proviso: in the twenty-
first line strike out the words " prior to" and
insert " within five years after ;" so as to read:
Provided, That such widow shall have been mar-
ried within five years after the treaty of peace which
terminated said war, &c.
I send to the Chair another amendment: to
add to the proviso the words "and who are
now widows."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The last propo-
sition, " and who are now widows," has already
been agreed to substantially, though not in
those words, on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. VICKERS. My proposition now is that
if the soldier married within five years after
the treaty of peace, and his widow is now a
widow, she shall be entitled to a pension. I
understood from the Senator from Ohio that a
great many persons entered the Army at the
age of sixteen ; I know that many did at the
age of eighteen, and married, perhaps, soon
alter they"came out of the service. The ob-
ject is to include those who married within
five yeavs from the declaration of peace.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator insist on the latter clause of his amend-
ment? The Senatorfrom Vermonthas moved
an amendment covering the ground the Sen-
ator from Maryland proposes in the last part
of his amendment.
Mr. VICKERS. I do not insist on that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, striking out this
limiting proviso as amended.
The question being put, the amendment was
declared to be non-concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proviso
remains in the bill. There is another amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole in
the second section, with regard to dependence,
which will be regarded as concurred in.
Mr. THURMAN. I think the last question
was not distinctly understood when put by the
President. The question-was on concurring
with the Committee of the Whole in striking
out that proviso as to widows.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was.
Mr. THURMAN. On that I desire to have
the yeas and nays.
