10L2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
for example, cases of trespass* We know that
under the rules of the common law all cases
-of that class are tried by a jury. The provis-
ion of the bill in this regard is, in my judg-
ment, unconstitutional and void.
Mt\ BU t'LER, of Massachusetts. Would I
interrupt the gentleman if I ask him a single
question ?
Mr. BECK. No, sir.
Mi*. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is not the
whole case of Marshal Murray dependent upon
the fact that his case had been tried by a jury
before it was removed, aiid could not be retried
by another jury in another court?
Mr. BUCK. I think not. The case had been
tried by jury in the court below, and it was
te.heu to the circuit court of the United States
for retrialjwithout) I think, saying how it should
be retried.
Mr, BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, yes;
retried by a jury.
Mr. BUCK. A jury had already determined
the case; and Justice Story, in the opinion I
have just read, declared that it could not be
taken to the circuit court and retried in any
other form whatever,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
think it e;m.
Mr. BECK. Y ou do not believe it can ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh; no.
Mv. BECK. Thtjn wlyr do you provide in
yout bill that—
Whenever itshrtil appear to said circuit court in
any c.uibc, suit, or indictment so removed into
.-aiil cout t, alter due hearing of the parties, Unit the
Mt^ge4u>ji Jor the u-uiovul of the same is not m fact
liuo.th.tt i he cause of action did not arise out of or
cmioemiuq any mutters mentioned in the first sec-
tuni of this act and not heneinalier excepted* said
court shall remand said cause, suit, plaint, orindict-
menfc lo the iStatecouit from which the same hud
l>o«u relft<jvedi to stand for trial as it tins act had
not been j>«8sod  with coatrf duly and legally taxed,
as well in the istate court as in the circuit court,
adjudged for plaintiff in the saul cause against
the defendant making the suggestion of cause of
removal?
flow can that question be determined with-
out a full bearing of all the facts?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is
the way that is to operate : it is not the ques-
tion as to the damages of the party or the rights
or the wrongs of the party that is to be tried
iti tho circuit court, but simply the question
whether the act complained of was done in the
war of the rebellion under the circumstances
prescribed by the bill. Tlmt question, as nobody
knows better than my learned friend, is an
interlocutory question for the comt to try. If
the court decides that the act Was done in the
war of the rebellion, then the case is removed
at once. If the court decides that it was not,
then the case is sent back for trial in the court
below. The determination of this interlocutory
question in the ciicuit court is no trial, any
more than there would be a trial if an alien
enemy were plaintiff ou an abatement,
Mr. BECK. Still this bill provides that that
shall be a perfect defense, a plea in bar, when
the facts are ascertained ; and they can only be
ascertained by an investigation of the facts in
the appellate court.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The only
question of fact to be examined by the circuit
court is whether the acts complained of were
done in the war of the rebellion.
Mr. BECK. But, though done in the 'war
of the rebellion, it may have been the act ©f a.
private wrong-doer, a mere camp-follower. Is
this bill intended to provide that any camp-fol-
lower doing any act in the war of the rebellion
shall be protected?
Mr. BUi'LER, of Massachusetts. The men
who .smuggled goods through the lines were
not doing anything in the war; they were
only breaking our statutes and carrying on
trade.
Mr. BECK. They furnished munitions of
war.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That was
not doing anything done in the war; it was
merely carrying on trade.
Mr. BECK. Here is the language of Judge
Story in the case of Parsons vs. Bedford:
"The only modes known to the common law to
reexamine such facts was the granting ofa new trial
by the court where the issue was tried or the award
of a venire facias de novo by the appellate court for
some error of law that had intervened in the pro-
ceedings."
Now, Mr. Speaker, if this bill is to pass at
all, the amendment which the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butlee] offered, to come
in at the end of the second section, should he
adopted. It is about the only fair thing in the
bill. It provides, as members heard from the
reading of it a few moments ago, that men re-
ceiving the benefit of this act shall have the
right to sue in all the courts of the United
States, and that this act of amnesty and obliv-
ion shall prevent anybody from saying that
they had ever engaged in rebellion, run the
blockade, had gone through the lines in viola'
tion of proclamations, or done any other act
in violation of law ; that we shall, to use the
language of the Supreme Court in the case of
Garland, make new men of them; that they
shall stand before the courts in the case as
though no wrong thing had ever been done.
It sets aside what I regard, I was going to say,
as one of the most infamous, certainly one of
the most haish and indefensible provisions that
I ever knew to be passed in this House—a pro-
viso added during the last session to an appro-
priation bill, which prohibited all these men,
even though they had complied with all the
requirements of the amnesty proclamation of
President Lincoln, from going into the Court
of Claims and presenting claims which bylaw
they had the right to present. This bill, if
passed, will do this much good—and it is the
only good, so far as I know, that it will do—
it will wipe out the proviso adopted by Con-
gress at the last session, in violation, asl think,
of all the obligations of justice aud good faith.
I desire to call attention to the fact that in
the exceptions to the substitute which I offer
I exclude all the classes of men who are ob-
noxious to the third section of the fourteenth
article of the amendments to the Constitution,
and who are excluded by the bill oS'ered by
the chairman of the committee. It is true
that in my second exception I strike out the
last line of the printed bill, which not only
includes " whoever, having been a member of
either House of the Congress of the United
States, shall have engaged in rebellion against
the same, or given aid to the enemies thereof,"
but it adds, " aud whoever was a member of
the so-called confederate congress." The lat-
ter words I strike out. Again, at the end of
the third proviso, after tbe words " heads of
the Executive Departments, ministers pleni-
potentiary, judges of the courts," I strike out
these words: "and whoever shall have held
either of the like offices of the so called con-
federate States."
My reason for striking out these words must.
I think, be satisfactory to the House. The third
section of the fourteenth article of the amend-
ments to the Constitution excludes from office
only the classes of persons therein named,
persons who have been Senators or Repre-
sentatives in Congress, or held any office, civil
or military, under the United States, and hav-
ing taken an oath to support the Constitution,
have given aid or comfort to the rebellion.
It necessarily follows that all men who have
been in the Army or Navy, who have been
members of Congress or judges, who have held
executive appointments, have taken that oath ;
but it does not follow, either necessarily or by
proper implication, thatall men who were mem-
bers of the confederate congress had previously
held any office under the United States. There
were doubtless many men in the confederate
congress who never held any office of any sort
under the United Stales, who never took any
oath to support the Constitution, and therefore
are not amenable to any of the provisions of
the third section of the fourteenth article of
the constitutional amendments.
For this reason I have stricken out that part
of the language of the bill. I wanted to ex-
clude all men who are excluded by that article
belonging to the classes excluded by the bill;
and when you come to look at the other excep-
tions in the bill, to wit, the fourth, fifth, sixth,
slventh, and eighth, you will find that none
of these men are such as necessarily or even
probably were ever members of Congress, offi-
cers of the Army or Navy, or judges of United
States courts; and hence there is no reason to
assume that they are obnoxious to the provis-
ions of the fourteenth article of amendments.
If they are, the language of the substitute I
offered excludes them; if they are not, they
ought not to be excepted, and cannot prop-
erly be.
We are not here to impose additional pains
or penalties, and we are not proposing to do
so; we are not hereto turn loose upon men
those—their confederates in wrong who cannot
sue them now—men who are equally wrong-
doers with those against whom they would bring
their prosecutions ; we are not here to cut off
all rights, titles, or causes of action of men not
included within the provisions of that four-
teenth article. This bill, however, proposes,
in violation, as I contend, of the Constitution
of the United States, to let loose upon a cer-
tain class of men all sorts of suits while their
hands are tied so that they can make no defense.
In this view the bill is one of pains and penal-
ties not contemplated by any of the provisions
of the Constitution or its amendments; and
above all we are not now, I hope, seeking to
legislate to secure property to such persons as
the courts of the United States have decided
to be trespassers, thieves, orrobbers, and vest
ill them property and money which after fair
and full hearing have been decided to belong
to others and not to Ihetn.
I confess, Mr. Speaker, that I have never
before, in my limited experience as a member
upon this floor, seen a bill which went further
aside from carrying out theobjectit purported
to have in view than the one now under con-
sideration reported from a majority of the select
Committee on Reconstruction. While itholds
out the promise to the ear, it breaks it to the
hope. _ While it retains all the pains and pen-
alties imposed upon the people who were en-
gaged in the rebellion, it takes away from them
all rights of action under the law which they
may have against even the most flagrant wrong-
doers, againstthe despoilers of their homes and
the plunderers who for private gain made them
beggars, It subjects them to suits on contracts
with men who were equallv amenable to the
charge of giving aid aud comfort to the rebel-
lion as themselves. While you allow rights
of property, as decided by the courts, to be
taken away from these men, you still allow
them to be proceeded against in every form,
and cut off ail their defense. There are thou-
sands and tens of thousands of such persons,
men of wealth and position, brought within the
various exceptions.
We find all these pains and penalties in a
bill professing to grant amnesty. It maybe,
perhaps, that there are a few men who will be
benefited by its provisions, but they are so
insignificant, as compared with the wliuie
number, that in my judgment this House would
dishonor itself by passing such a measiue
under the pretext that it is an act of pardon
and amnesty. If you simply desire to pass
uPon. the question relating to disabilities mv
substitute presents that fairlv ; put in what
exceptions you please. If the object is to
relieve men in New England. New York-,
in the West, or elsewhere, who supplied the
people of the South with arms and munitions
of war, those who were as much responsible
for the war as any in the confederate States,
and allow them now to plunder aud harass
the people of the South, say so, and, if you
please, leave all the others without amnesty
and pardon ; but do not pass a bill like this,
which, while granting no real benefit, is au
