938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 33
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is somewhat
late; but the Chair thinks, as the Senator from
Ohio does, that the Senate did not exactly
understand it, as the vote was unanimous, all
on one side. The Senator from Ohio demands
the yeas and nays on the question of striking
out this limiting proviso.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. Let the proviso be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proviso, as
amended, will be read, and the question is on
striking it from the bill.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That such widow shall have been mar-
ried prior to the treaty of peace which terminated
said war to an officer, or enlisted or drafted man,
who served a-s aforesaid in said war, and shall not
have been remarried.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Davis, Flanagan,
Fowler, Morton, Nye, Ramsey, Robertson, Ross,
Scott, Sprague, Stearns, Thurman, Viekers, and
Williams—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Cra-
gin, Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Har-
lnn, Harris, Hill, Howe. Howell, Kellogg, McDonald,
Morrill of Vermont, 03born, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pratt, Sawyer, Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart,
Stockton, Sumner. Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, Wil-
ley, and Wilson-—36.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Cameron, Car-
penter, Cattell, Conkling, Fen ton, Ferry, Hamilton
of Xexa«5. Hamlin, Howard, Johnston, Lewis, Mc~
Creery. Morrill of Maine, Pool, Revels, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Thayer, and Yates—21.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT* This completes
the amendments reported from the Senate,
acting as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to strike out the
words 44 three months," in the seventh and
eighth lines of the first section, and insert
" thirty days." I hope, now that the bill has
been amended, Senators will not object to that.
It seems to me to be an act of justice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 23, noes 22.
Mr. SPRAGUE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman,
Browulow, Casserly, Davis, Edmunds, Fowler. Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Harris, Kellogg, McDonald, Mor-
ton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy. Ramsey. Robertson,
llo-s, Stewart, Thurman, Viekers, Wiiley, and Wil-
liara^—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Buckingham, Chandler,
Cole,Corbett,Cragin, Flanagan, Harlan,Hill, Howe,
Howell, Patterson, Pratt, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott,
Spencer, Sprague. Stearns, Stockton, Sumner, Tip-
ton. Trumbull, Warner, and Wilson—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott. Ames, Cameron. Car-
Benter, Cattell. Conkling, Fcnton, Ferry, Gilbert,
hamilton of Texas, Hamlin. Howard, Johnston,
Lewis, McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Pool, Revels, Rice, Saulsbary, Sherman,
Tha> er and Yates—24.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. I did not hear the atten-
tion of the Senate called to an amendment
that was agreed to in Committee of the Whole
on the seventh line of page 1. The word "con-
secutively" was stricken out, so that it stood
"three months."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That question
was put in connection with the words "three
months," and the word "consecutively" re-
mains in the bill. It now stands "consecu-
tively three months."
Mr. THURMAN. That was not a reserved
question, was it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. All the amend-
ments were reserved and voted upon sepa-
rately. The Secretary reported this in connec-
tion with the "three months;" but a motion
to strike it out can be made.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to strike out the
word " consecutively."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
eight, noes not counted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President, I
move to strike out the words " three months"
and insert "sixty days." That is more severe
upon these soldiers whom I am trying to have
the benefits of this bill applied to than any
act of Congress which has yet been passed
in respect to the pensions or bounties of this
or any other class of soldiers.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I call for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Casserly, Davis, Edmunds, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Howell, Kellogg,
McCreery, McDonald, Morton, Nye,Robertson, Ross,
Spencer, Stewart, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Viek-
ers, Wiiley, and Williams—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Chandler, Cole, Corbett,
Cragin, Flanagan, Gilbert, Harris, Hill, Howe, Os-
born, Pratt, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sprague, Stearns,
Sumner, Warner, and Wilson—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Cattell, Conkling, Fenton, Ferry,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Howard, Johnston,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pat-
terson, Pomeroy, Pool. Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Stockton, Thayer, and Yates—27.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STEARNS. I move to amend by in-
serting in the eighth line, after the' word
"months," or "days," as I believe the bill
now stands, the words "the war of the Revo-
lution or;" so as to read "in the war of the
Revolution, or in the war with Great Britain
of 1812." I do this on the suggestion of one
of my constituents, who, noticing that soldiers
of the war of 1812 were to obtain pensions on
a service of three months, informed me that
his mother, who is the widow of a'revolution-
ary soldier who served three months, js not,
under the present law, entitled to a pension.
It seems to me very clear that if this is the
case, our soldiers of the Revolution, if any of
them are still surviving, or their widows, should
be placed on a3 favorable a footing as the sol-
diers of the war of 1812, or their widows.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. SPENCER. I understand that that is
provided for in the present laws.
Mr. STEARNS. It was stated by the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] that it required
six months' service by a revolutionary soldier
to entitle his widow to a pension. It was
stated by my correspondent that it required
four months. I am not posted in the law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator Irom Min-
nesota.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer an amendment, to
come in at the. end of the fifth line of the first
section. I offer it because it has come to my
knowledge that there were some colored men
who were servants to officers during the war
of 1812 whose names have been preserved,
and who are still living and ought to have this
pension. After the word "men," at the end
of the fifth line, I move to insert " or servants
to officers."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 suggest to
my friend from Kansas that his amendment
would come in better after the word "twelve,"
in line nine; let him insert there "including
those who served as servants of officers."
Mr. POMEROY. I will move then to in-
sert after the word "twelve," in line nine,
"including those who served as servants of
officers."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The word "in-
cluding" is already in the sixth line.
Mr. POMEROY. Then say "and embrac-
ing servants to officers."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
suggest that perhaps the amendment would
come in more appropriately after the words
"and were honorably discharged," in line
nine.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes; after the word
"discharged," in the ninth line, I move to
insert "and also servants of officers."
Mr. HARLAN. How will it then read?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the section as it would read if thus
amended.
The Chief Clerk. If the clause be amended
as proposed it will read :
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he IS
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the pen-
sion-roll the names of the surviving officers and
enlisted and drafted men, including militia and vol-
unteers. of the military and naval service of the
United States who served sixty days in the war of
the Revolution or in the war with Great Britain of
1812, and were honorably discharged, and also those
who acted as servants of officers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are we to include the
servants of officers, who were not enlisted?
I suppose the bill provides for paying those
who were soldiers, and now we are going to
bring in the servants of officers. I should
like to inquire of my friend from Kansas, who
I know makes no distinction between sexes,
whether that embraces the washerwomen.
[Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. I did notdesign that. I
meant simply to include servants employed in
the Army. I think they might well be em-
braced.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps he will amend
his amendment so as to include teamsters and
washerwomen.
Mr. POMEROY. No ; but it is well known
that our officers are.allowed servants and paid
for servants. There are many of the servants
who served in the war of 1812 still living, and
they went through the hardships and priva-
tions as much as soldiers themselves. I move
this amendment in entire good faith, and not
in the way of ridicule or burlesque. There
are surviving officers who yet know their ser-
vants and can certify to their names and ages
and the service they rendered. The servant
of.an officer who went through that camp ser-
vice during the war of 1812 should be entitled
to a pension. Why not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am acting in entirely
good faith, too; and I want to know whether
those persons got honorable discharges or not.
The bill provides for paying pensions to those
soldiers who were honorably discharged. I
should like to know whether these servants
were on the rolls.
Mr. POMEROY. This amendment comes in
after the provision for their being honorably
discharged. This is extra, and this is a service
which required no honorable discharge, but
was a service rendered which the Government
should recognize.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If they were servants
and got out dishonorably, I suppose they can
get pensions I
Mr. POMEROY. Servants were the very
class of persons who did that kind of service
which should be remembered and remunerated
even to-day. I know of servants who saved the
lives of their officers.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I think we
have come pretty near finishing this bill. I
invoke its friends to stand by it now and vote
down all other amendments, and especially the
amendment last proposed by the honorable
Senator from Kansas. He is as inveterate an
enemy of this bill at it has in this body. He
has been lying in wait, like a spider in his
web, [laughter,] to throw his toils around the
bill and strangle it. Let us vote him down,
pass the bill, and let him and his servants
and woman's rights be attended to some other
time. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ken-
tucky was the first man to amend this bill,
when the Senator who reported this bill wanted
to pass it as it came from the House. The
load that is on this bill commenced with the
Senator from Kentucky. I offer this amend-
ment in entire good faith, as did the Senator
fiom Kentucky his.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, there is one
difference between the honorable Senator from
