1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOSE.
118
insult and an injury to an already downtrodden
and oppressed people.
If you mean to say that all the men who
dealt with them, all the men who went i'rom
New England and the West, and sold them
arms and munitions of war, may now go down
and sue them, and although they offered to take
confederate money, shall have it back in the
currency, of the country, then say so at once.
If you mean to say that they shall not be pro-
tected in their rights of action against these
men under the law for any outrage or robbery,
however flagrant, then say so, and let the coun-
try understand it. But, sir, I do not believe
that this House is prepared to take any such
action, and I do not wish this House to put
through on a majority vote any act pretending
to remove political disabilities, at the same
time imposing pains and penalties on the south-
ern people, while they reap no real benefits of
the legislation which cannot be done without a
two-thirds vote. Instead of passing this bill
now before us, in my judgment we should send
it to the Judiciary Committee. 'Let that com-
mittee prepare a careful measure. Let them see
the force and effect of thes§ provisions, after
full and free discussion. Let them examine
the bill. It has not been done in the Iiecon-
struction Committee, as the chairman well
knows. Let the Judiciary Committee examine
it carefully, and bring in such a bill as will re-
lieve all men, North and South, from whatever
offenses they may have committed during the
war.
Grant amnesty, and make it as broad as you
desire, covering every man North and South,
and I will vote for it and urge its passage. I
want to relieve all. I think you ought to do
it. I think even the Republican press and the
Republican party outside of Congress demand
that it should be done now, five years after the
war has closed. I think you have lost State
after State by refusing to do it, and that you
will continue to lose State after State by still
refusing to do it. But that is your business,
not mine. Whatever you do, do directly. If
you propose to remove disabilities, do not under
that pretext impose new pains and penalties
upon the already too much oppressed southern
people. Above all, do not pass this bill, which
only increases the burdens it purports to re-
move, and is in fact a bill of pains, penalties,
outrages, and oppressions, instead oi a bill
granting amnesty, grace, and pardon, as it
professes to do. I now yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Potter ]
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, upon tiie main
question of what measure of amnesty should
be accorded to the people of the South I agree
with my distinguished friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Buck.] The proposition of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Faenswokth] for full
and complete amnesty to all engaged in the
rebellion will, as I think, be found m the end
to be, not only the most generous, but the most
patriotic and the wisest proposition upon that
subject before the House. I have, however,
no time allowed me now in which to discuss
that most important question, it, indeed, at,
this stage of our history any discussion would
change the convictions at which the gentlemen
of the House have generally arrived. But 1
do desire to call the attention of the House at
this time to the extraordinary provisions of this
bill in so far as it affects private rights through out
the South. If I understand the bill, this man-
tle of oblivion, as hestyiesit, which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Blttleli] brings
here to-day will extinguish evety private right
of property throughout the southern States
which may have grown out of tile transactions
of the war. According to the views of gentle-
men on the committee, with whom I have spoken
on the subject, and to the explanations of the
bill made by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[ilr. Butler] himself, any officer who during
the war bioLe into the private house of any
citizen. and m pursuance of orders received,
carried off that citizen's property, aad then kept
41st Coxa. 3d Ses;-?.-— No. 8.
it, and who has since been sued by the citizen
so injured for the recovery of the property
taken, will be entitled after the passage of this
bill to plead the amnesty created by it as a bar
to the recovery by the owner whom he pronged
of the property taken. ,
Why, Mr. Speaker, I call to mind now the
case of large amounts of railway iron.taken
during the war from southern railways by the
order of the confederate government. That
government, when it had occasion to repair the
railways in the parts of the country where rail-
way service was at the time most important,
issued orders to its military authorities to take
the rails needed for such repairs from other
roads adjacent to the Fe.deral lines, not just
then so important to the confederate govern-
ment. There were railways in the South that
in this way were utterly stripped of rails for
scores and scores of miles, the rails being car-
ried away and put on other railways where the
confederate authorities had more pressing need
of them. Now, the parties thus deprived of
their property have now pending in various
sections of the South actions to recover their
rails from the railway companies which got
them in this way from the confederate military
authorities. And yet, according to this bill,
those actions are to be abated, those rights
are to be extinguished, and the corporations
which, through the order of Mr. Jefferson
Davis, are in possession of other people's prop -
erty, are to be enabled by onr action to remain
so. That, sir, is but one illustration. There
are hundreds of thousands of dollars of such
claims existing within my knowledge, and there
must be thousands and thousands of like claims
to be destroyed by this bill of which I know
nothing.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a question?
Mr. POTTER. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Does not this bill cutoff
the claim of the United States for all railroads
taken possession of by the rebel authorities ?
Mr. POTTER. I conceive that it does.
But the gentleman should rather address that
question to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler,] for I have had so little time to
examine this bill that T cannot, answer with
certainly just now the question which the gen-
tleman from Ohio lias put to me.
Now, surely, sir, if this bill is to have such
an effect as 1 have stated upon private rights,
it must shock every man's sense of justice.
Whatever forgiveness we may be willing to
exercise in regard of the rebellion, that forgive-
ness should not be allowed to impair any man's
rigtit of property in what justly belongs to him.
Arid yet the obvious effect of the provisions of
this law is not only to impair but to utterly de-
stroy most important rights of property. This
bill declares that " each and every person, and
all and singular the bodies politic and corporate
and municipal, and each and every of them,
shall be discharged " not only in respect of all
treason, but in respect of all " trespasses, en-
tiles, and wrongs,'" and of all sums of money
due or owing, of every name and kind what-
ever. and ill ro;-pect of "all other causes, quar-
rels, and thing,-1" "in any way or manner what-
ever arising or springing out of or coming from
any act done or omission made in, about, or
concerning the war of the rebellion" from the
year ISO I, to the year 18GC.
And not only is the claimant for the recov-
ery of his property, after the passage of this
act, not to receive redress for his injuries, but
ho is to be, according to the provisions of this
lav/, turned out of court and iiis action there to
be dismissed, ar.d dismissed with a judgment
that he shall pay the costs which may have been
incurred to the person who has wronged him,
and whom he was pursuing to obtain justice.
And even that is not ail; for this law not only
relates to causcs of action now subsisting, but
which have not proceeded to judgment, but it
actually proposes to wipe out even the recov-
eries that have been already had. So that if
a man has in the course of th6. war been to me
and taken away my property, -and I have pro-
ceeded against him and recovered a judgment
against him for the property- so taken, that
judgment is, by virtue of this act, to be con-
sidered null and forever discharged, and he
left to keep what he took. In, the words of
the act—
All orders, decrees, judgments, executions, levies,
extents, fines, penalties, forfeitures, punishments,
heretofore made, entered, and ordered, Of and con-
oernina any act or thing mentioned in the first sec-
tion of this act of any court of the United States, are
hereby declared to be void and of none effect.
Well, if we had any such right to legislate as
this assumes, it requires only the suggestion of
the injustice wo should work to assure us that
we ought not so to legislate. But where did
Congress get any right to deprive citizens of
their property without compensation, to declare
that the judgment of any court in this country,
either Federal or State, shall be void or of none
effect? Whence comes the power of this branch
of the Government to declare that the decrees
of another and independent branch shall be as
if they never had existed ?
Then, sir,thereis this extraordinary provision
for thetransfer ofsuitsfrom the State to the Fed-
eral courts. No matter what may be the suit, let
it be even the simplest claim upon a note of hail d.
having no more connection with the war of the
rebellion than with the fall of Lucifer, and yet it
will be enough for the debtor to suggest that the
claim is connected with the rebellion—to pre-
tend that it grew out of transactions to be affected
by this act—to oust the jurisdiction of the State
court and send the creditor to the Federal tri-
bunal. The suggestion which occasions that
result might,, indeed in the case I am supposing
would, be without the least foundation in fact.
Nevertheless, such a suggestion, unless there
were something 011 the record to negative it as
false, would, however false, be operative, ac-
cording to this bill, to oust the jurisdiction and
to send the creditor to the Federal tribunal,
there to be in turn remitted to the State
court, only to find his debtor had meantime
escaped or put his property beyond the reach
of process.
Surely it cannot be expected that this or any
Congress would be guilty of such recklcss legis-
lation as this would be, even if it possessed
any constitutional power to that end, which,
happily, it does not possess. Sir, I very much
fear that my distinguished friend from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] has discovered the true
purpose of this bill, and that when passed by
a bare majority of this House it will be the
law so far as it may affect rights of property,
so far as it may be used to prevent justice being
done, but that it will be then found—because
not having the required two thirds majoiity—
to work no amnesty and afford no pardon.
For myself, I think it should be called ratber
an act for the extension of penalties and for
the violation of the Constitution, than the act
of free grace and amnesty which it is entitled.
I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for hav-
ing afforded me an opportunity to make these
imperfect comments 011 this most important,
and, as 1 fear, most dangerous and delusive
bill.
LEGISLATIVE APl'ltOmiATIOX BILL.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, ^ re-
penses of the Government for the year enamg
June 30, 1S72; which was read a first mid
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, ordered to
be printed, and made a special order for Tues-
day next, and from day to dayuntii disposes! 0:.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I reserve the right to
make any appropriate points of order on this
bill.
MESSAGE FIIOM THE SliKATK.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sy jpsox,
one of its clerks, announced that U;e Senate
