1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
939
Kansas and myself. I wanted to amend the
bill to infuse new vigor and constitutional life
into it. He wants to smother it. He wants
to defeat it. It may assume any form you
please, and he will never vote for it.
Mr. POMEROY. I am simply seeking to
improve and perfect the bill.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I wish to make a
suggestion to the Senator from Kansas. His
amendment proposes to pay servants, but it
does not define who they were. They may
have been servants serving at home. I sug-
gest that he should define them, at least, so
that the provision shall apply to servants
serving with officers.
Mr. POMEROY." It is " servants of offi-
cers."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suggest that the bill is
to pay soldiers most of whom stayed at home.
[Laughter.]
Mr. POS1EROY. The amendment only in-
cludes those who were servants of officers, but
if the Senator from Connecticut desires to have
it amended I will say, "servants of officers
who served in the field."
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Say " servants who
served in the field with officers."
Mr. POMEROY. I will put that in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified.
Mr. TIPTON. Will the Senator also include
in his amendment "and spies, scouts, and
others?"
Mr. POMEROY. No ; I am acting in good
faith.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Kansas.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Its title was amended so as to read: " A bill
granting pensions to certain soldiers and sail-
ors of the war of the Revolution and of 1812,
and the widows of deceased soldiers."
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion being put, a division was called
for ; and resulted—ayes 19, noes 21.
Mr. RAMSEY and Mr. STEWART called
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, but two
Senators rising to second the call.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The noes have
it; the motion is not agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland.^ I move that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
Mr. RAMSEY. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I believe this motion is debat-
able ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is debatable.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. Pending that motion, I
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOWE. I will yield for a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I make that motion.
Mr. POMEROY. Upon that motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and beiDg
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 18; as follows :
YBAS—Messrs, Boreman. Brownlow, Bucking-
ham Chandler, Cole, Corbctt, Cragin, Flanagan,
Gilbert. Harlan, Harris, Howe, Howell, McDon-
ald Morrill of Vermont, Nyo, Osborn, Pomoroy,
lVim ey Scott. Stearns, Stewart, Thayer, Trum-
bull Via ', Williams, and Wilson—27.
N VYS—'Messrs. Anthony, Blair. Casserly, Davis,
l'ow'ler Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Pratt, Bobcrt-
s«n, ltoss, Sawyer, Sehiuv,, Spencer, Srrague, bum-
sor« Thunuan, Tipton, and \ ickers 18.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Cam-
cron, Carpenter, Ou-ttell, Cooklittg. Edmunds, .Pen-
ton, Ferry, Hamilton ot loxas, Hamlin, How-
ard" Johnston, Ktiloee. Lewis. McCrccvy, MomU
of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Pool. Revels
Rice, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stockton, Willey, and
Yates—28.
So the motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and twenty-two minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 3, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Botlek, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PROPOSITION TO ADJOURN OVER.
Mr. STILES. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move that when the House adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled
to advise the gentleman that the House has
agreed to devote to-morrow afternoon to the
business of the Committee on the Territories.
The Chair would prefer that the question should
be settled when the House is fuller,
Mr. STILES. Is that business assigned for
to-morrow by special order?
The SPEAKER. By special order. The
Chair will entertain the gentleman's motion
when the House is fuller.
Mr. STILES. Does the special order in-
terfere with the motion to adjourn over till
Monday ?
The SPEAKER. It will not take it out of
the power of the House to adjourn over; not
at ail; of course not. But the Chair merely
desires that the consideration of the motion
shall be postponed till the House is fuller.
Mr. STILES. Is there not a quorum pres-
ent ? .
The SPEAKER. There is not, in the judg-
ment of the Chair.
Mr. STILES. I will renew the motion when
the House is fuller.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman to do it.
GRADE OP NATAL OFFICERS.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2928) to
enlarge the provisions of the act of July 16,
18(32, enlarging and equalizing the grade of
line officers of the Navy; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
priuted.
MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for action at this time a bill to
amend the act to fix the times for the regular
meetings of Congress, passed January 22,1867.
There was no objection ; and the bill (EI. R.
No. 2929) to amend an act to fix the times
for the regular meetings of Congress, passed
January 22, 1867, was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
second section of an act to fix the times for
the regular meetings of Congress, passed
January 22, 1867, shall not apply to members
of Congress who shall be appointed or elected
after the day fixed for the first meeting of Con-
gress, although such members were also mem-
bers of the previous Congress,
Mr. BURR. Let us have the section pro-
posed to be repealed read.
Mr. POLAND. I will make a brief explan-
ation. The second section of the act of 1867,
providing for this first session of Congress,
declares that all who were members of the
previous Congress shall receive no mileage.
New Hampshire and Connecticut do not elect
members of Congress until some time after
the meeting of the 4th of March. Therefore
the members of those States are subjected to
the expense of traveling precisely the same
as if they had not been members of Congress.
This provides that the section shall be so
amended that, although members of the pre-
vious Congress, if they are not elected until
after the session has begun, so that they are
subjected to the necessity of traveling to get
here to attend it, they shall receive mileage.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Make it applicable to
everybody and there will be no objection.
Mr. POLAND moved that it'be referred to
the Committee on Mileage.
The motion was agreed to.
SALE OF TIMBER LANDS.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce several matters for reference.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to everything
unless a motion to reconsider is entered in each
case and that motion laid upon the table. I
do this because of what occurred yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The bills introduced will
be on the condition that they shall be referred,
not, to be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. SARGENT. I agree to that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I do not object.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2930) for the sale
of timber lands in the States of California and
Oregon; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That bill is not to be
brought back by a motion to reconsider. '
The SPEAKER. That is the agreement.
SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
presented an amendment, which he would
ofler at the proper opportunity, to the bill (H.
R. No. 1456) defining swamp and overflowed
lands; which was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is not to be brought
back by a motion to reconsider?
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly not.
ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICT IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move, by unanimous
consent, to take from the Speaker's table the
bill (S. No. 1190) to create an additional land
district in the State of California.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
taken up and read a first and second time.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that so much of the districts of lands
subject to sale under existing laws at Marys-
ville and Shasta, in the State of California,
as are contained in the following boundaries,
shall constitute anew land district,to be called
the Stisanville district, bounded as follows:
beginning at a point where the north boundary
of township nineteen north, Mount Diablo
meridian, intersecls the eastern boundary of
the State of California; thence west on the
north boundary of township nineteen north to
the corner of townships nineteen and twenty
north, ranges thirteen and fourteen east;
thence north to the corner of townships twenty-
one and twenty-two north, ranges thirteen and
fourteen east; thence west to the corner of
townships twenty-one and twenty-two north,
ranges eleven and twelve east; thence north
to the corner of townships twenty-three and
twenty-four north, ranges eleven and twelve
east; thence west to the corner of townships
twenty-three and twenty-four north, ranges
eight and nine east; thence north to the corner
of townships twenty-five and twenty-six north,
ranges eight and nine east; thence west to the
corner of townships twenty-five and twenty-six
north, ranges five and six east; thence north
between ranges five and six to the northern
boundary of the State of California; thence east
on said boundary line to the northeast corner
of said State ; thence south on the eastern
boundary of said State to the place of beginning.
The second section provides that the location
of the office for said district shall be desig-
nated by the President of the United States,
and may be changed by him from time to time
as the public convenience may seem to require.
