IIA
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
had passed a bill, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested, of the following title:
An act (S. No. 653) to promote the securing
of efficient seamen for the Navy of the United
States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Thehourislate, and
I will move that the House do now adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
APPOINTMENTS ON COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced appointments
on the following committees :
Committee on Mines and Mining—John
Manning, of North Carolina.
Committee on Freedmen's Affairs—Joseph
H. Rainey, of South Carolina.
Committee on Banking and Currency—
Charles H. Holmes, of New York.
Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures-*- Joseph Dixon, of North Carolina.
Committee for the District of Columbia—
C. B. Darrall, of Louisiana.
Committee on Military Affairs—Frank
Morev, of Louisiana.
Committee on the Pacific Railroad—J. H.
Sypher, of Louisiana.
Committee of Claims—William P. Wolf, of
Iowa.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a jointreso-
lution (S. R. No. 118) to authorize the restor-
ation of Benjamin S. Richards to the active
list of the Navy; when the Speaker signed the
same.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Congres-
sional Printer, in answer to the resolution of
the House of December 7, 1870, transmitting
a statement of all persons who have availed
themselves of the permission granted by the
tenth section of the act of June 25, 1864;
which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
TREATMENT OP UNION PRISONERS.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, and referred, under the law, to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, Thrit there be printed of the report of
the soleet committee of the House of Representatives
on the treatment of prisoners of war by the rebel
authorities during the war of the rebellion six thou-
sand extra copies, fifteen hundred of which shall bo
for the use of the Sonato and forty-five hundred for
the use of the House of Representatives.
BRIDGES OVER THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Jiesolved, That the Secretary of War he, and is
hereby, requested to send this House a copy of the
report of the commission appointed to examine
bridges over the Ohio river.
SAG HARBOR, LONG ISLAND.
Mr. REEVES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2525) providing for the
sale of land belonging to the United States
at Sag Harbor, Suffolk county, State of New
York ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
UNITED STATES JUDICIARY.
Mr. TOWNSEND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 2526) to amend
an act entitled "An act in addition to the acts
respecting the judicial system of the United
States,approved July 4, 1840; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The question recurred upon the motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at three o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned,
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BEATTY: Tho petition of Sarah
A. Kennedy, mother of Harvey B. Kennedy,
late private company F thirteenth Ohio vol-
unteer infantry, asking for arrears of pension.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
memorial of William B. West, for extra com-
pensation for services performed by him while
United States consul at Dublin.
By Mr. CLARK, of Texas: The petition of
J. W. Park, of Madison county, and Charles
Holmes, of Brazoria county, Texas, for re-
moval of their political disabilities.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: The petition
of Leroy H. Cherington and 54 others, settlers
on the Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas,
praying for homestead and preemption rights.
Also, the petition of Charles W. White and
54 others, settlers on the Cherokee neutral
lands in Kansas, praying for the passage of
House bill No. 1074, and for homestead and
preemption rights.
Also, the petition of John Brugles and 61
others, settlers on the Cherokee neutral lands
in Kansas, praying for the passage of House
bill No. 1074, and for homestead and preemp-
tion rights.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey : The peti-
tion of Joseph G. Reece, for compensation due
him as assistant doorkeeper to the House of
Representatives for the Fortieth Congress.
By Mr. PACKARD: The petition of Syl-
vester Palmer, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. PHELPS: A petition of citizens of
Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, in regard to
the manufacture and sale of envelopes, &c.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of Clifton
G-. Hill, of Craig county, Virginia, requesting
that his disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution be
removed.
By Mr. RICE: The petition of William D.
Boyd, of Kentucky, asking to have his name
placed on the pension-rolls.
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of 73 citi-
zens of Sierra valley, California, holding under
the preemption laws, praying for protection
from speculators under the swamp-land laws.
By Mr. STEVENSON : A memorial of the
National Board of Trade, in favor of appro-
priations for the works at Des Moines rapids,
the Louisville canal, and the mouth of the
Mississippi, protesting against the construc-
tion of railroad bridges in such manner as
to obstruct navigation, and recommending that
bridges should be made highways.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 15, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
Hon. Willard Warner, of Alabama, ap-
peared in his seat to-day.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution;
and they were thereupon signed by the Vice
President:
A bill (H. R. No. 886) for the relief of Lau-
rence L. Merry, collector of internal revenue
for the twentieth district of New York ;
A bill (H. R. No. 272) for the relief of
Alfred E. Brooks, postmaster at Ilion, New
York; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 118) to author-
ize the restoration of Benjamin S. Richards
to the active list of the Navy.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills of the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by then-
titles, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands:
A bill (H. R. No. 2426) authorizing the
transfer of valid preemption claims to actual
settlers ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2520) to amend section
twenty-five of the act of July 15, 1870, pro-
viding homesteads for officers, soldiers, sea-
men, marines, and other persons who served
in the Army of the United States during the
rebellion.
REMOVAL OP DISABILITIES.
The bill (II. It. No. 2428) to remove the
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States from William M.
McGruder, of Henrico county, Virginia, was
read twice by its title.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider that bill at once. It
is a very important bill. This gentleman can-
not qualify for an office to which he has been
elected unless his disabilities are removed before
the 1st of Jsnuary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a bill for
the relief from political disabilities of a citizen
of Virginia.
Mr. SUMNER. Several citizens.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Only one.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Who is that one?
TheVlCE PRESIDENT. The bill will again
be reported by its title.
The Secretary read the title of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I thought there was also the
name of William Cardwell.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is; but that
is in another bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe there is no objec-
tion to this bill.
Mr. LEWIS. There is no objection to the
removal of any of these disabilities.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I should like to propose
an amendment to the bill, but I find that I have
not got it at my desk, and I therefore ask that
the bill lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask the Senator not to inter-
pose any objection to the passage of this bill
and the next one on the table. These gentlemen
have been elected to office upon the Republican
ticket in Virginia, and it is very important that
their disabilities should be removed, as they
must qualify before the 1st of January.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am very happy to
hear so forcible and conclusive a reason as-
signed for the passage of this bill. [Laughter.]
I have no doubt that it is a reason which ought
to operate in this body and that it should be
conclusive with this body. If these gentlemen
had happened to be elected on the Conserva-
tive ticket in Virginia it would have been a
heinous offense to propose the removal of their
disabilities. I sincerely hope that my friend
from Pennsylvania will yield to the cogency
of the argument presented by the Senator from
Virginia, and allow this bill to be put upon
its immediate passage. It will not be long
that the Republicans will have any ticket in
Virginia. And now, sir, when they have had
one, and when they have elected one man in
Old Virginia, I beg my honorable friend from
Pennsylvania not to interpose any objection to
the immediate consideration and the unani-
mous passage of this bill.
Mr. CAMERON. In consideration of the
wishes of nay good friend from Delaware, I
withdraw all objection. I am very glad to
gratify the Senator from Delaware. [Laughter.]
Mr. LP] WIS. I will just say to the Senator
from Delaware that I have offered many peti-
tions here, and have supported them all in my
feeble way, for the removal of disabilities from
even the Democrats of my State. I acknowl-
edge that it the policy which the Democratic
party have been pursuing there for the last few
i months is to be continued I have been in error j
