940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February ^
The third and concluding section provides that
there shall be appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
a register and a receiver for said land district,
who shall respectively be required to reside
at the site of the office, be subject to the same
laws, and entitled to the same compensation
as is or may hereafter be prescribed by law
in relation to other land offices in said State.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. JOHN SON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF CAUSES.
Mr. PETERS. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, for consideration at this time, a bill (H.
R. No. 2727) regulating the removal of acts
from State to United States courts, which bill
was withdrawn the other day, when reported
by the committee upon regular eail. I ask
leave to report it now, for the purpose of
allowing the gentleman from Rhode Island
[Mr. Jejtckes] to move a substitute for it,
which I think will meet the unanimous ap-
proval of the House upon that subject.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let the substitute be
read before leave is granted.
The substitute was read as follows:
An act in amendment of an act entitled "An act for
the removal of causes in certain cases from State
courts," approved July 27,1865, and the acts in
addition to and amendment thereof, approved
March 2,1867, and July 27,1868.
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States in Congress assembled. That
the right of removing causes from the State courts
to the courts of the United States conferred upon
defendants in certain cases by the act entitled "An
act for the removal of causes in certain cases from
State courts," approved July 27. 1866, and the act in
amendment thereof, approved March 2.1867, and by
the second section of the act approved July 27.1868.
entitled "An act supplementary to an act entitled
'An act to allow the United States to prosecute
appeals and writs of error without giving security,
and for other purposes,'" shall be exercised only at
the time when the defendant who claims such right
shall enter his appearance in the cause in the State
court; and the provisions of said acts which author-
ize any such defendant to institute proceedings for
the removal of any such cause alter he shall have
entered his appearance therein ill the State court,
are hereby repealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That if any defend-
ant who has complied with the conditions of said
acts as hereby amended for the removal of his cause
from the court of any State to the circuit court of
the United States shall fail to enter said cause, and
file the papers therein in such circuit court on the
first day of its term next following the order of
removal nf the same from the State court, his bond
shall be forfeited, and the State court may resume
jurisdiction over said cause and proceed to final judg-
ment thereon in the same manner and with the same
effect as if such proceedings for renewal had not
been instituted.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That so much of
said act of March 2, 1867, as authorizes the plaintiff
in any action in a State court to remove the same to
the court of tho United States is hereby repealed.
Sec. i. And be further enacted. That the pro-
visions of this act shall not apply to any cause
removed from any State court to the courts of the
United States prior to its passage, but such pauses
shall be proceeded on and bo determined in the
courts of the United States in the same manner
and with the same effect as if this act had not been
passed.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
allowing the bill to be reported for action at
this time?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
E. A. FRANKS.
Mr. FERRY. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce, for action at this time, a bill ceding
certain laud in the village of Mackinaw, Mich-
igan, to E. A. Pranks.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read, as follows :
_ Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of Americain Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, authorized and required to grant and con-
vey to J3. A. Franks, of the village of Mackinaw, in
the State of Michigan, all the right, title, and inter-
est of the United States in and to a certain tract
or lot of land in said village upon which stands
the mission house, so called, and surrounding the
same and joining private property on the west and
south, containing sixteen acres, more or less, upon
payment into the Treasury of the United States the
value thereof, as shall be ascertained by an appraise-
ment under a commission for that purpose, to bo
appointed by the Secretary of "War.
Mr. FERRY, I will make a few words of
explanation. The American Board of Missions
built this mission house nearly fifty years ago,
and over twenty years ago it was sold to E. A.
Franks. It wa3 supposed, at the time of the
sale, that the Board of Missions possessed the
title to the laud; but upon a survey of the
military reservations last year, it was found
that the mission building stands upon a mili-
tary reservation. The Secretary of War, in a
letter which I hold in my hand, and which I
shall ask to be read, gives his consent to the
transfer of the title proposed by this bill. I
have also conferred with every member of the
Committee on the Public Lands, and they unan-
imously concur in recommending the passage
of this bill. As gentlemen will have observed,
if they listened to the reading of the bill, it
provides for ceding sixteen acres of land to E.
A. Franks upon appraisement of its value by a
commission, to be appointed by the Secretary
of War.
I now ask that the letter of the Secretary of
War be read.
The letter was read as follows:
War Department,
Washington City, January 28, 1871.
Sik : In answer to your inquiry of the 24th instant,
I have the honor to inform you that there is no ob-
jection to the adoption of such legislation as will
enable the occupant of the so-called mission house,
on the Fort Mackinaw military reservation, to ac-
q uire title to the sixteen acres of 1 and, more or less,
surrounding that structure; provided, and not other-
wise, that the Treasury of the United States*eceive
tho benefit of the actual value of the title to the prop-
erty thus to be transferred from public to private
possession. Theliepartment is not able to state with
certainty at this time what the value of the property
may be, but as tho person who desires to acquire it
has already expressed his readiness to pay a fair
value if the title could be vested in him, it is sug-
gested that in any bill you may introduce in his
behalf the ascertainment of the price to be paid may
be left to appraisement.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
WM. W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
Hon. T. W. Eeeby, M. C.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 2981) ceding certain land in the village
of Mackinaw, Michigan, to E. A. Franks, was
received, and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. TAFFE. 1 would like to ask the gen-
tlemen whether the metes and bounds of this
tract of land are given in the bill. I see it says
" sixteen acres, more or less."
Mr. FERRY. The boundaries are defined
so far as it was possible to define them without
a survey and with the data at command. But
the tract is surrounded by the reservation and
by private property, so that the area cannot
probably exceed sixteen acres. If the gentle-
man wishes he may offer an amendment lim-
iting that as the quantity of land and I will
accept it. It will not exceed seventeen acres,
and my impression is it will be a little less
than sixteen acres.
Mr. TAFFE. I have no objection to the
bill as it stands.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARION O. QOTHARD.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2932) granting a pen-
sion to Marion C. Gothard; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
JAMBS A. M CULLOII.
Mr. BOYD also, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2933) for the relief
of James A. McCulloh, late collector of the
fifth district of Missouri ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com:
mittee of Claims.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr. STILES. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Mondajt
next.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether to-morrow has not been as-
signed for business of the Committee on the
Territories.
The SPEAKER. At the suggestion of the
Chair, to-morrow after half past on« o'clock
was so assigned.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to call attention to
the fact that the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Cullom,] the chairman of the Committee oil
the Territories, is not now in the House. As
to-morrow was, on his suggestion, assigned for
business of that committee, T hope the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stiles] will
withdraw his motion until the gentleman from
Illinois comes in.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the motion will
not be pressed. We are now fast approaching
the close of the session.
Mr. STILES. I withdraw the motion for
the present.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. KERR. I ask leave to report from the
Committee on the Judiciary a bill for action
at the present time.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, has the morn-
ing hour commenced?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour now begins, at
twenty-five minutes past twelve o'clock. Re-
ports are in order from the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
THOMAS TYNER.
Mr. WELKER, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported adversely on the
petition of Thomas Tyner, of Indiana, asking
reimbursement for certain lands in the State
of Illinois; which was laid on the table, and
the report ordered to be printed.
E. R. AND S. W.. CLARKE.
Mr. WELKER also, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported adversely upon
the petition of Ethan Ray Clarke and Samuel
Wood Clarke, praying that warrants be issued
to them for land in the public domain in lieu
of a certain tract of land in the State of Flor-
ida confirmed to them by act of Congress of
July 4, 1868 ; which was laid on the table, and
the report ordered to be printed.
CLAIM OF CARONDELET. -
Mr. WELKER also, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, reported back ad-
versely a bill (H. R. No. 662) to confer juris-
diction on the Court of Claims to decide the
claim of the city of Carondelet; which was
laid on the table, and the report ordered to be
printed.
LEONARD KEEN.
Mr. SWANN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported adversely upon the
petition of Leonard Keen, assignee of Amos
Updegraft, deceased, praying a patent for a
tract of land in Arkansas, purchased by him
in 1852, the patent for which was lost by
him during service in the Union Army engaged
in suppressing the1 rebellion; which was laid
on tho table, and the report ordered to be
printed.
MARTIN P. HARDIN.
Mr. SWANN also,- from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported back, with a
recommendation that it pass, a bill (H. R.
