1871,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
No. 2643) for the relief of Martin P. Hardin,
of Pontotoc county, Mississippi.
The bill, which was read, proposes to pay
to Martin P. Hardin $200 73, the sum which
was paid by him for the northeast quarter of
section sixteen, township nine, range five, east
of the meridian line of the Chickasaw cession,
in the State of Mississippi, the title to which
tract of land has been adjudged by competent
tribunal not to have been in the United States
at the time of said sale.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SWANN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPRESENTATIVES OF JUAN MIRANDA.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, reported
back, with amendments, the bill (H. R. No.
2457) to restore to certain parties their rights
under the laws and treaties of the United
States.
The bill was read. It provides that the legal
representatives of Juan Miranda, claiming the
lands in California known as the "Rancho
Arroyo de San Antonio," may, within one year
after the passage of this act, present their
petition in writing for the same to the United
States district court for the district in which
the land claimed is situated, with such docu-
mentary evidence and testimony of witnesses
as the said claimants rely upon in support of
such claim; provided that said claim, right, or
title was not adjudicated on its merits by
the commission created by the act of Congress
approved March 3, 1851; and provided that
record evidence of the title to said lands is
found in the Spanish or Mexican archives now
in the custody of the United States surveyor
general for the State of California; and there-
upon the Fame proceedings shall be had in
said district court in relation to the hearing
and decision of said claim in all respects as
though it had been presented to and decided
averse to such claim by the commission cre-
ated by said act of March 3, 1851, except that
no transcript of the report or proceedings of
said commission shall be presented to said dis-
trict court; and the survey of said grant, if
confirmed under the act, shall be subject to
the provisions of the act of June 14,18C0; pro-
vided, however, that from the decision therein,
both on the title and on the survey and loca-
tion, appeal may be taken to the Supreme
Court of the United States within six months
after such decision has been rendered; and
the same proceedings for the hearing and
decision thereof shall be had, and the judg-
ment of the district court shall have the same
effect as is provided by the acts hereinbe-
fore referred to; and provided further, that
a decree under the provisions of the act in
favor of said claim so derived from Spanish
or Mexican authorities shall not be construed
to establish or in any way to effect any right,
title, claim, or possession to the lands described
in said decree; but in lieu thereof the claim-
ant or his legal representative may select, and
shall be allowed patents for an equal quantity
of the unoccupied and unappropriated public
lands of the United States, not mineral, and
in tracts not less than the subdivisions pro-
vided for in the United States land laws, and,
if utisurveyed when taken, to conform, when
surveyed, to the general systems of United
States land surveys.
The amendments reported by the committee
were as follows:
In lino twenty-six. after the word "therein." in-
sert the words " if adverse to the Government."
Strike out in line twenty-seven the word may
ami insert the word "shall.' t< M
In lino thirty-two, after the words referred to,
insert "but no judgment shall bo finally entered in
favor of the claimant until hearing and afiirmation
by the Supreme Court of the United States.
At the end of the bill add the following words:
"And in the event of the affirmation by the
Supreme Court of any decree in favor of said
claimant from the United States district court of
the State of California, the Secretary of the Inte-
rior is authorized to issue land scrip in legal sub-
divisions to the said claimant, to be located by
him or his assignees as before provided: Provided,
however. That in no event shall the amount of land
acquired by virtue of this act exeeed thirteen thou-
sand acres."
Mr. COOK. I would like to make an inquiry,
whether this claim has not already been adju-
dicated upon before some tribunal ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I can
state the history of this claim if the gentleman
desires it. The original grant was made to
this claimant by the Government of Mexico.
The party was in possession and lived upon it
for many years, and died in possession. The
archives show that the grant was made to him.
After his death a forged claim was presented
to the land commission in California.
Mr. SARGENT. What was the name of
that forged claim ?
Mr. WASHBURN, ofWisconsin. "Ortega."
Mr. SARGENT. The Ortega claim, I be-
lieve, was not a forged claim. The gentleman
from Wisconsin must be mistaken.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It was
so decided by the court, and was declared to
be invalid. Thereupon the land became pub-
lic land, as was supposed, was put into the mar-
ket and sold, and is now occupied by bona fide
purchasers. This party now claims, and proves
that his claim is established by the archives,
the existence of which was not known at the
time the Ortega claim was in litigation. He
asks for the privilege of coming in before the
district court and having his title investigated.
By this act we declare that if the district court
of California shall affirm that he had a good
and valid claim, that decree shall then be
appealed to the Supreme Court of the United
States; and if the Supreme Court shall affirm
that decree, then w propose to give the party
other lands in lieu of the lands to whi'ch he
alleges he is entitled.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask a question
of the gentleman from Wisconsin just there,
in that connection. The language in the bill is
"that from the decision therein, both on the
title and on the survey and location, appeal
may be taken to the Supreme Court of the
United States," &c. Does not that restrict
the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, and
would it not be right to confer upon the court
the power of deciding upon all the points
raised by the appeal ?
Mr. WASHBURN, ofWisconsin. I do not
think it does. If it does, I am willing it should
be stricken out.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose the Supreme
Court ought to cover thfe whole ground.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I want
the Supreme Court to cover the whole grant.
Mr. HOLMAN. One other question: how
did the rights of the party in possession come
to be affected by this fraudulent claim?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. After the
fraudulent claim had been litigated and ad-
judged fraudulent squatters went on the tract
of tend- , ,
Mr. HOLMAN. But that litigation had
not suspended the occupaucy of the original
holder. .  
Mr. WASHBURN, ofWisconsin. The ori-
ginal holder died in possession. I will state
that there have been several reports made on
this case. A report was made in the last Con-
gress, as 1 understand, by Judge Woodward,
who is a very careful man, although it does
not show by whom it was made. I have it in
my hand. In it he expresses himself in very
decided terms as believing that the party is
entitled to this relief. .
Mr. HOLMAN. Was this grant made im-
mediately before the Mexican war?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It was
made before the_war.
Mr. HOL3I AN. At what date ?
Mr. WASHBURN, ofWisconsin. In 1837.
The report says:
"In 1837 Juan Miranda, aMexicari soldier, accepted
a provisional grant of a then outlying ranch m Cali-
fornia. and on this ranch lived with his large family
until 1845, when he died."
Mr. HOLMAN. Most of the grants made
just before the Mexican war were manifestly
made for a fraudulent purpose.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofWisconsin. Helived
on the land from 1837 till 1845, when he died.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of
the last amendment:
Provided, That not more than one section of land
in any township shall be selected under this act.
I should have less objection to the passage
of this bill if that amendment can be appended
to it. My principal objection to giving the
facilities, either for the confirmation of sus-
picions Spanish grants or throwing land open
to private entry, or giving lands in exchange
for rejected Spanish grants, is that it puts large
bodies of land in the possession of specula-
tors, and the result has been most disastrous
to my State. I have not the slightest doubt
but California at this time suffers the loss of
half a million inhabitants that it ought to
have on account of great bodies of lands being
held under Spanish grants and by an improper
system of private entries, by the seizure of
lauds under swamp claims, and such expe-
dients as are proposed in this bill. My object
is to prevent more than one section of land,
six hundred and forty acres, which is in itself
a domain, being selected in any one township.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I believe
I am entitled to the floor.
Mr. SARGENT. I thought you yielded to
me. Is the gentleman afraid of having this
bill ventilated?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am not
at all afraid of that.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask only a few moments.
The proposition is to come into my State and
take our public laud and give it away to an
individual, on the pretense that some years
ago be neglected a right conferred upon him
by law to acquire a confirmation of a Spanish
graut of lands. Now, that being so, certainly
as a Representative of my State, my people
being deeply affected by this measure, I have
a right to be heard, and I assure the gentle-
man that any atttempt to prevent my being
heard will not help the passage of his bill.
Now, I say my objection is that if the bill
passes the person named in it can take the
whole body of land at any place where he can
seize it and peddle it out to any one who may
desire to settle in the State, or bold it at exor-
bitant prices and extend the curse which now
afflicts my State so much, and which for years
past I have been struggling to ameliorate and
break up. My amendment simply says that
not more than six hundred and forty acres of
land, being four times the amount you allow
a preemptor to take, shall be taken up by this
individual in any one township. That will give
him an opportunity to take the lands as the bill
provides, if the court shall say he has a valid
claim, and it avoids the great concentration of
lands iu the hands of speculators, to which I
object.
Now, I could go on, if I saw fit, and say some-
thing about the original merits of this claim,
but I will not do so out of mercy to the gentle-
man and his committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofWisconsin. If the
gentleman knows of anything wrong in this
bill I want him to state it.
Mr. SARGENT. Very Well; then I will
say this, which is upon record, for this is a
chronic ease, having come here before in the
Thirty-Seventh Congress, andhavingbeen here
every Congress since, and has now found an
advocate on this floor in the gentleman from
Wisconsin : that the person who is the ben-
eficiary of this bill made a bargain by which,
when he had a perfect right to contest before
