1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
but it is a matter for which I am responsible
to this body and to my constituents. As to
the Senator's remark, that the time will soon
arrive when there will be no Republican party
in Virginia, I beg leave to refer him to the last
election, where we cut down the majority very
considerably, and I pledge myself to annihi-
late it at the next election. [Laughter.]
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The passage of
the bill, by the Constitution, requires a two-
thirds vote. Those in favor of its passage will
say "ay," those opposed "no," [putting the
question.] In the opinion of the Chair two
thirds have voted in the affirmative. [A pause.]
Two thirds have voted in the affirmative; the
bill is constitutionally passed.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(H. R. No. 2511)fortheremovalofthelegaland
political disabilities from William Cardwell
and Richard J. Gaulding, both of Charlotte
county, Virginia, was read twice by its title.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask that this bill be consid-
ered at this time.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose these names
are all right, but I am opposed to removing
political disabilities unless there is some reason
for it. I suppose somebody knows the reason
in these cases; I do not.
Mr. LEWIS. I have already explained.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to go very slowly
about removing political disabilities; butif any-
body knows any good reason in these cases I
will not object to them.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
" Shall the bill pass?" which requires a two-
thirds vote. Senatorsin favorof its passage will
say "ay ; " Senators opposed will say " no,"
[putting the question.] In the opinion of the
Chair two thirds have voted in the affirmative.
[A pause.] Two thirds have voted in the
affirmative, and the bill is constitutionally
passed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of
owners of vessels at the ports of Baltimore
and Detroit, praying for the passage of House
bill No. 2212, revising the present steamboat
inspection laws; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of en-
velope manufacturers, printers, and stationers,
praying that the manufacture of stamped en-
velopes by the Government be discontinued ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Ol&ces and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Samuel Price, of Greenbrier county, West Vir-
ginia, praying for the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities,
He also presented the petition of Itlaria
Rohrer and Ann Green, surviving heirs of
Lieutenant Colonel Uriah Forrest, deceased,
of Washington, District of Columbia, setting
forth that he was entitled to a certain half pay
for his services during the revolutionary war,
from the close of the war in 1783 until his death,
under the provisions of the resolution of Con-
gress of 21st October, 1780, and representing
that they are entitled by law to demand and
receive of the Government the lull amount j
of the half pay for life which accrued to him
from 1783 until his death in 1805; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
He also presented the memorial of William
H. Hibbs, superintendent of the poor of Lou-
don county, Virginia, and others, praying the
passage of a bill to indemnify the county of
Loudon, in the State of Virginia, for losses in-
flicted on its establishment for the benefit of
the poor by the troops of the United States;
which wasreferred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a memorial of the heirs
of William Humphrey, a soldier of the revo-
lutionary war, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
additional papers in relation to the claim of
Henry R. de La Reintrie, praying the settle-
ment of his accounts as vice consul general at
Havana; which were referred to the Committee
on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. FOWLER, it was
Ordered, That Warren k Moore, of Nashville,
Tennessee, or their attorney, he permitted to with-
draw from the tiles of the Senate the papers in their
claim for the destruction and appropriation of the
materials of a building near said city.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to withdraw
from the files of the Senate the petition of the
settlers on the Cherokee neutral lands. The
Senate have acted on the subject, and the peti-
tioners ask leave to withdraw their petition
and other papers from the files of the Senate.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1114) in relation to commercial inter-
course between the United States and the
British North American possessions and the
republic of Mexico, reported it with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Joseph Rudd,
jr., praying that the name of the steam pro-
peller Francis Wright be changed to Herbert
E., asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
wasreferred the bill (H. R. No. 1415) creating
a collection district in New Jersey, to be called
the district of Jersey City, and constituting Jer-
sey City a port of entry, reported adversely
thereon; and the bill was indefinitely post-
poned.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of William M. Myers, praying for the edu-
cation of the Indians, direct me to report that
an appropriation for that purpose is now under
the control of the Secretary of the Interior,
and the committee therefore ask to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom were referred res-
olutions of the Legislature of Minnesota in
favor of the removal of certain Indians from
the frontier of that State, asked to be dis-
charged from their furtherconsideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred a letter of
the Secretary of the Interior in relation to the
Cherokee treaty pending before the Senate aud
the claim of the Cherokees to territory west of
the one hundredth meridian, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 326) to establish
a department of Indian affairs, reported ad-
versely thereon, and moved its indefinite post-
ponement ; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 508) to refund to the States the interest
and discount on money borrowed to equip, pay,
supply, and transport troops for the service of
the United States in the recent war, reported
it with an amendment.
MILITARY INSTRUCTORS.
Mr. MORTON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 261) in aid of certain colleges
and universities, have instructed me to report
it back with an amendment; and as it is im-
portant that this resolution should pass before
the 1st of January, I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to put it on its passage this morning.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
By its terms the Secretary of War is author-
ized and directed to suspend the operation of
all provisions for the reduction of the super-
numerary officers contained in the Army appro-
priation bill approved July 15, 1870, in the
cases of all officers who are now, or may be
on the 1st day of January, 1871, upon duty, in
accordance with the twenty-sixth section of
the act known as the Army bill, approved July
28, 18G6 ; and the suspension is to continue
until the officers shall be respectively relieved
from such duty, either upon their own applica-
tion, or upon the request of the institution at
which they may be serving; and meanwhile
these officers are to be in all respects upon an .
equal footing with other officers of the active
list of the Army serving without troops.
The amendment of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs was to insert after the words "ser-
ving," in the fifteenth line, the words " or for
special reasons by the Secretary of War ;" so
as to read, "relieved from such duty, either
upon their own application or upon the request
of the institution at which they may be serving,
or for special reasons by the Secretary of War.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I will simply explain that
this applies to officers of the Army who are
giving instruction at various colleges and uni-
versities.
Mr. CON KLIN G. Nobody else?
Mr. MORTON. Nobody else.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana if this will still leave to the
War Department the power to transfer these
officers. Will it still leave them subject to
orders?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; that is the effect
of the amendfnent of the committee.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
SOUTHERN EXPRESS COMPANY.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am instructed by
the Committee on Commerce, to whom was
recommitted the bill (S. No. 701) to incorpor-
ate the Southern Express Company, to report
it back with the amendment offered by the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Camerox ;] and I ask that the bill be put on
its passage now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read, after which the consideration of
the bill will be open to objection.
The amendment was read, being to strike
out all of the bill after the enacting clause aud
insert:
That Henry B. Plant, William B. Dinsmore, Sam-
uel M. Shoemaker, James Shuter, Henry rianford,
John Hoev.J.C.Babeock, Frederick Lovejoy. .Alfieu
Gaitlier, \V\ B. Figures, Gurdon II. Wilcox, Miehael
: ilahn, J. It. Appor, and such other persons :is may
I be associated with them and their succe:-suis. are
; hereby created and declared a body politic aud c >i -
j porato in deed and law, by thename of the Southern
Express Company, and by that name shall bavesuc-
cession, and are hereby invested with all the power.-,
privileges, and immunities necessary to cazry into
effect the purposes of this act as herein set lonh.
iSi:c. 2. And be it further enacted. That the snid cor-
poration is hereby authorized and empowered to
engage in the express forwarding business, and to do
ail acts and things pertaining thereto.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the corpor-
ation hereby cre.it ed shall be located in the city of
Washington, and District of Columbia, and shall be
subject, to taxation only upon the reasonable and
just value of sueh property as the said corporation
