1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
943
tract of land, now immensely valuable, and
upon which are settled some ten thousand
people, belongs to him under the very terms
of the treaty. He discovers that it is impos-
sible for him to receive now the lands granted
to Miranda, and he asks that other lands be
granted in place of them. He asks that we
shall give him lands as valuable as those taken
away. His petition asks that those lands be
appraised, and that we shall give him lands,
at $1 25 per acre, equivalent in value. That
we said we could not do, and that the most we
could do was to give an equivalent number of
acres. With that he finds fault, and says it is
an inadequate remedy. The gentleman from
California wishes to make that remedy less
valuable by proposing to restrict him so that
a certain number of acres shall only be located
in any one township. The effect will be greatly
to diminish the value of the grant. If he is
entitled to anything at all he is certainly enti-
tled to what we propose to give him. • I do not
propose to say that he is entitled to anything
at all, although I believe he is. Why not let
him go to the district court of California? I
do not feel satisfied with that, this being a
California claim, and knowing how courts of
particular localities are disposed to lean in
favor of their own constituents.
I provide further in the bill, as you will
see, that the decree shall be appealed to the
Supreme Court of the United States, and that
no final action shall be had until the decree is
affirmed by the Supreme Court of the United
Slates. This is what there is of the case.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to call attention to
the fact that there is no representation of any
defendant. If he sued for the linds on which
these settlers are they would stir up the Uni-
ted States district attorney and employ coun-
sel and fight their own case. But this bill is a
mere confession of judgment. The lands to be
fought for are unoccupied. Who will sift the
Miranda claim ; who bring up witnesses, or
attempt to detect frauds? There will be no one
on earth with any interest in defeating it who
will have any chance at the ease. The mis-
chief willonlybefeltafterjudgment. Thegen-
tleman says he does not know of any bargain
by which this claim was not to be withdrawn
from before the land commission. Will he tell
me the meaning of this proviso ?
Provided, That said claim, right, or title, was not
adjudicated on its merits by the commission created
by the act of Congress approved March 3,1851.
Why was it not adjudicated upon its merits ?
Because the party made astipulation with the
owners of the Ortega grant that his rights
should be waived in favor of that Ortega grant.
But the gentleman does not know that! Does
Valentine give any excuse why he never ap-
peared before the commission ? There was a
law that all claimants should appear. All
honest ones did so, and some dishonest ones.
Was not a withdrawal from the tribunal a
waiver of all claim or equity? I understood
my colleague to say that he had no objections
to my amendment, and I do not understand
why he should fight it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have just learned the
nature of the amendment offered by my col-
league, [Mr. Sargext.] As I remarked be-
fore, I am not defending the rights of Mr.
Valentine, the grantee here, although if ever
a man, who came to this Congress represent-
ing one of these grants, possessed equities, I
believe this man does. But, not being a de-
fender of his rights, I have no sort of objec-
tion to the amendment offered by my colleague,
[Mr. S.uwbnt.] I merely want a bill passed
to confirm the lights of the settlers. I think
it would perhaps be just to allow this man to
locate the lands to which he is entitled in one
body.
Mr, SARGENT. Does my colleague take
the responsibility of that, that this party shall
be allowed to locate all the lands in one body?
Mr. JOHNSON. No. sir. I have no objec-
tions to the amendment of iny colleague. I
think the party should have lands as nearly as
possible like those taken from him, and I am
not disposed to quarrel about the way in which
he takes them.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I beg to
say that if these California gentlemen are sat-
isfied about this I should be satisfied. I merely
say this, that if this matt is entitled to any-
thing he is entitled to what we are disposed to
give him by this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think he would
lose anything by having it in this way.
Mr. COOK. I desire to ask a question of
the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sak-
gext ;] whether his amendment being adopted
would make the claim any more just?
Mr. SARGENT. I have never stated that
I would vote for this bill in any event. But I
believe there are other rights to be protected
than those of speculators and land-jobbers in
great bodies of land. I stand here to defend
the settlers of my State from being crowded
out of the land to which they are entitled.
Mr. COOK. I wish to ask, is not this the
principle of this bill? Is it not just this, that
when the United States had established a tri-
bunal for the adjudication of these claims,
and when the party, according to the declara-
tion of the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Sargext,] has waived his rights to appear
before the commission, and in consequence
of that waiver the claim has been confirmed
to another man 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It was
not confirmed.
Mr. COOK. Would not this give him what
in my country we call a "float" of thirteen
thousand acres to be laid on any land of the
United States?
Mr. SARGENT. My friend from Illinois
[Mr. Cook] is opposed to the bill?
Mr. COOK. Yes, sir.
Mr. SARGENT. So am I, and you have
given a good reason against it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The gen-
tleman is mistaken in supposing that it was
confirmed to another man. Very good and
very satisfactory reasons are shown for his not
having appeared before the commission. He
expected to intervene before the district court,
and supposed he could intervene. I have here
the report of Judge Woodward, showing the
facts. As regards the amendment, as I have
already said, I shall not quarrel about that.
1 now move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was first upon the amendment
to the amendment, offered by Mr. Sargext.
Mr. HAWLEY. I would ask the gentleman
from California why he does not make it one
hundred and sixty acres instead of a whole
section ?
Mr. SARGENT. I feared that I could not
carry that; that is the only reason. I am
doing the best I can.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendments reported by the Committee
on Private Land Claims, as amended, were then
agreed to.
Mr. COOK. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
49, noes 40 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Washburn,
of Wisconsin, and Mr. Cook were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 52, noes 71.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. COOK. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 71, nays 93, not voting
69; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Archer. Armstrong, At-
wooa, Axteli, Bitrnum, Bird, Blair, Booker, George
M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Burr, Calkin, Churchill,
Sidney Clarke, Conner, Cox, Crebs. Dox, Eldridge,
Getz, Gilfillan, Griswold, H&ight, Haldeman, Hale,
Hambleton, Hamill, Harris, Holmes, Jenekes, John-
son, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Ketcham, Lewis,
Manning. Mayham, McNeeSy. Morgan, Morphis,
Morrissey, Myers, Newsham, Niblack. O'Neill, Orth,
Perce, Poland, Pomeroy. Price. Bice, Sawyer. Sehu-
makcr, Sherrod, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stokes.
Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Taffe, Tillman, 1'own-
send, Trimble, Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Voorhees, Cadwalader C.Washburn, Welker, Wells,
Wijkinson. Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—'71.
A YS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Bailey,
Barry, Beaman, Beatty,Benjamin,Ber.nett,Bctlm e,
Biggs, Bingham. Bowen, Boyd, Baffin ton, Barehard,
Bnrdett, Roderick E. Batler, Cessna. Amasa Cobb,
Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook, Callom,
Joseph Dixon.Dockery, Duval, Dyer. Bla, Ferriss,
I-'inkcinhurir. ITisher, Sitch, Gibson, Hawley, Hay,
Hays, Heflin, Hill, Hoar, Hoiman, Hooper, Judd,
Kei ley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr, Knapp, Lawrence;
Long.Loughridge. Maynard. MeCormick. MeGrary.
McGrew, McKee, Mercur, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore,
Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Morey, Packard,
Palmer,Peters,Phelps, Piatt,Porter.Prosser, Rainey,
Randall, Boots, Sargent. Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, Starkweather, Ste-
vens,Stevenson, Strickland, Strong, Tanner, Taylor,
Tyner, William B. Washburn, Willard, Williams.
John T. Wilson, Winans, Witcher, and Wolf—-93.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Asper, Ayer,
Banks, Beck, Benton, Boles, James Brooks, Benja-
min F. Butler, Cake, William T. Clark, Cleveland,
Corker, Cowles, Darrail, Dawes, Degener, Dickey,
Dickinson, Nathan F. Dixon, Donley, Duke, l?arns-
worth. Ferry, J?ox, Garfield, Hamilton, Hawkins,
Hoge, Hotehkiss, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones,
Knott, Lafiin, Lash, Logan, Lynch, Marshall, Mc-
Carthy, McKenzie. Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P.
Morrill, Munseen, Negley. Packer, Halbert E. Paine,
William W. Paine, Peck, Potter, Beeves, Rogers,
Sanford, Shanks, Shober, Slocum, William J. Smith,
Worthiugton C. Smith, Stone, Stoughton, Sypher,
Twiebell, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace, Ward..
Wheeler, Whitmore, Eugene M. Wilson, and
Young—69.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
Which the bill was rejected ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENEOLLBD BILL SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (S.
No. 698) to divide the State of Virginia into
two judicial districts; when the Speaker signed
the same.
sukyey of wicomico kiveb.
Mr. HAMBLETON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, requested and directed, as soon as practi-
cable, to cause to be made a survey of the Wieomieo
river at and near the town of Salisbury, Maryland,
with a view to determine the practicability and
expense of cleaning out or removing the bar in
said riverat said town.
order op busdfess.
Mr. JULIAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I call up the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill (H. R. No. 1657) for
extending the land laws of the United States
over the territory of Alaska was recommitted
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire
to move to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER,. The motion-of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] is privi-
leged, but is subordinate to the decision of
the House as to whether they will consider it
at this time.
Mr. JULIAN. I hope no objection will be
made. It will take but a moment,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I object
to considering that bill at this time. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House
now resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the naval appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. _ The bill to which the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] refers
comes up on a motion to reconsider, which
