118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December 15,
and we have not been able to ascertain what
thejudgment of the Senate is. If you give us
the law we shall be controlled by it. We have
now nothing to protect us against claimants
who come; we must hear them all alike, not
knowing what the disposition of the Senate is.
Mr. CONKLING. You will not have to
hear them during the holidays.
Mr. HOWE. Yes; we shall have to hear
them during the holidays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of one
o'clock having arrived, the bill (S. No. 667)
for the relief of Dr. J. Milton Best is before
the Senate as the unfinished business, pending
which the Senator from Missouri moves to
postpone it, for the purpose of considering th'e
resolution offered by himself.
Mr. HOWE. I again ask the Senator from
New York if he will not withdraw his objection?
Several Senators. The bill will come up
anyhow.
Mr. HOWE. I do not so understand. It is
up now; but if I allow it to be postponed I
do not understand that it will be the unfinished
business after this debate is concluded, unless
the Senator from New York shall withdraw his
objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose that the Senate
will go on and execute the special or general
order, under the resolution of the Senator from
Rhode Island, and then this bill will come up,
in the precise condition in which it now stands,
after this matter now called up is disposed of.
I should like the Chair to give his opinion of
the rule on that point.
Mr. CONKLING. The Chair can determ-
ine that when the question arises, I suppose.
It is not the question now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not tell at what time the Senate will suspend
the execution of the order for the consider-
ation of the Calendar; but when the Calendar
is resumed this bill, which is the first on the
Calendar under the order, will be considered.
Mr. HOWE. The Chair holds that this will
be the first bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be the first
bill, without regard to its being unfinished busi-
ness, as the Senate have resolved that they will
go through the Calendar, under what is com-
monly known as the "Anthonyrule," in regu-
lar order, and this is the first bill pending on
the Calendar in order according to that rule.
Mr. HOWE. Then I understand the effect
of the present motion, if it is adopted by the
Senate, does not postpone the execution of the
order which the Senate has heretofore adopted ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ It does not if
the Senate resumes the execution of that order.
If the Senate resumes the execution of the
order under the Anthony rule this will be the
first bill to come up.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Chair indulge me in
asking if it will have to be resumed upon a vote
of the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will not. It
will be resumed at one o'clock to-morrow,
unless the Senate should order the transaction
of other business at that time.
Mr. MORTON. It will be the first in order.
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Missouri, to
postpone the Calendar, the bill (S. No. 667)
for the relief of Dr. J. Milton Best being the
first bill in order, for the purpose of consider-
ing the resolution offered by him in regard to
amnesty.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
which was submitted by Mr. Schuim on the
12th instant:
Resolved, That the disqualifications and disabili-
ties imposed upon persons lately in rebellion against
the Government of the United States were diotated
by imperative public,necessities, and not by a spirit
ot hatred or vinriictiveiiess; and th&t  as soon as
such public nccsssi ties use, duo reguid for the fund-
tuaeru&l principles oi our system of government, ad
well as every consideration of sound statesmanship,
demands the removal of those disqualifications and
disabilities.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, the mean-
ing of the resolution which you have heard
must appear so clear, plain, and just to every
intelligent and patriotic mind that it would, at
first sight, seem superfluous to say anything in
its defense, or even in explanation of it; and
yet events have taken place which render it
doubtful whether the policy it indicates is justly
appreciated in the high places of the Govern-
ment ; and considering this fact it is proper
that a sentiment so emphatically indorsed by
the people of the State which I have the honor
to represent should fiud a vindicating voice
here.
I have already given notice that I would
avail myself of this opportunity to submit some
observations upon the political movements in
Missouri, which seem to have attracted unusual
attention and have acquired more than local
interest. If my remarks partake largely of the
nature of a personal explanation it is not as if
I felt any solicitude concerning my political
position and fortunes, which are matters of
little moment; but I feel that I owe a full
statement of the facts to the brave and faithful
Republicans with whom I acted ; I owe it to the
many friends on this floor with whom I have
so long been associated in a common work, and
who have given me so many marks of their
generous confidence and partiality; I owe it
to the people, who are entitled to a clear ex-
position of a political event which has been
brought to their notice in so prominent a man-
ner and with such a variety of interpretations.
The immediate result of the recent election
in Missouri is the ^enfranchisement of those
who had been disfranchised on account of their
connection with the rebellion. The principles
upon which this result was brought about were
in strict accord with those which have guided
my course throughout my public life, and which
more particularly determined my views of policy
since the close of our civil war.
When the conflict of arms had ceased yo.u
found yourselves confronted by two great prob-
lems : first, to organize and secure the new
order of things, which had resulted from the
war, in the political and social institutions of
the Republic, and then to create a moral sup-
port for that new order of things in the public
opinion of the States where the great change
had taken place. You had to contend with
extraordinary difficulties. The sudden eman-
cipation of the slaves, the precipitate transi-
tion from slave labor to free labor society, natu-
rally called out the violent opposition of the
popular habits and prejudices which had been
identified with the abolished system, and the
passions of the war, still burning after defeat,
threatened to inflame this new contest.
But to effect the change was a necessity, and
that necessity dictated the means to be em-
ployed. You found yourselves obliged to dis-
arm, to a great extent, the social forces arrayed
in hostility to the establishment of the new
order of things, and to accomplish this a large
number, and in some States all of those who
had been connected with the rebellion, were
excluded from all participation in the exer-
cise of political power by disfranchisement.
Thus disfranchisement was resorted to as a
measure of safety, as a temporary expedient
whose duration would be determined by cir-
cumstances. As a measure of punishment it
would have been utterly impolitic. It was not
severe enough to terrify; it was just severe
enough to exasperate. As a measure of safety
it was well calculated to relieve the establish-
ment of the new order of things from untimely
and dangerous interference. Its justification
rested on the plea of necessity.
In this sense I supported themeasures of re-
striction as long as that necessity lasted, and I
went with my party in my State even so far as to
acquiesce in disfranchisement until the rights
i of political citizenship had been conferred upon
the race lately in slavery, so that no hostile
influences should prevent that consummation.
But when all the principles which had issued
victorious from the civil war, and which formed
the basis of the new order of things, had be-
come firmly fortified in our institutions by con-
stitutional amendments, and the public mind
had accepted that settlement so generally that
a reactionary attempt might at worst create but
a temporary disturbance, and could no longer
lead to a total subversion of accomplished re-
sults, that necessity appeared to me to cease, and
the revolutionary phase of our national affairs
to be closed. If carried beyond that point,
disfranchisement was calculated—nay, it was
bound—to prove hurtful to the very objects for
which it had been adopted.
It has always been my opinion that although
the new order of things had to be established
under a pressure of force and restriction, other
agencies than a continued protection by force
and restriction—a system uncongenial to our
principles of government—had to be relied
upon for its development and perpetuation.
Public opinion had to be won by a generous
and conciliatory policy. The people of the
late slaveholding States had to be cut loose
from their past, with its painful memories, as
well as its peculiar desires and aspirations.
The most efficient measures to this end were
naturally those which were best calculated to
make the southern people measurably satisfied
with their changed condition, and to identify
their interests, aspirations, and hopes with the
new order of things. Their thoughts bad to be
diverted from the past in order to be directed
to the future.
To divert their thoughts from the past two
things were necessary: first, to fortify the
results of the war in the political institutions
of the country so firmly as to make all attempts
at a reaction appear utterly hopeless ; and then
to do away as soon as possible with those
restrictive measures which are felt by them as
a common grievance, irritatingly reminding
them of the past. And nothing can be better
calculated to direct their thoughts to the future
than to dispose as rapidly as possible of all
political questions that have sprung from the
war, and to clear the track for the new issues
which are of equal interest to all of us, with-
out any reference to our former dissensions
and conflicts. The attention of the people onco
absorbed by new topics of general interest,
controversies connected with the war Will gradu-
ally drift into the background; people will meet
upon new fields, irrespective of their former
relations; the new order of things will insensi-
bly and irresistibly grow into the daily habits
and ways of thinking of the masses, and the
desire of a reaction will gradually disappear in
the absorbing activity for the furtherance of
new objects. That this process may not work
itself out as rapidly and as smoothly as we
might desire I will admit; but I am profoundly
convinced that it is, after all, the most rapid
and the safest that can be devised.
It is evident that the political disqualifications
and disabilities, especially the exclusion of
large numbers of people from the ballot-box,
have to disappear before this great end of moral
pacification can be accomplished; for noth-
ing will remind men more painfully of our past
conflicts, nothing is more calculated to stir up
from day to day the heartburnings of defeat,
and a deep dissatisfaction with the existing
condition of things, than an abnormal and
degrading position in society, which imposes
all the duties and burdens of citizenship with-
out coupling with them the corresponding
rights.
But still another thing appeared to me most
essential to the restoration of fraternal feel-
ing. It was, that the same party under whose
auspices those political disqualifications had
been imposed, and which was accused of a de-
sire to continue them for the selfish purpose of
perpetuating its ascendency, should, while in
the full possession of the powers of the Govern*
