944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
is a privileged motion. The gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] moves to go into
Committee of the Whole on the naval appro-
priation bill, and thereby raises the question
of consideration at this time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. There
is not in Alaska an acre of arable land.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] that when
the Committee on the Territories is called to-
morrow the subject of Alaska will be brought
before the House, and then the gentleman.can
have his matter considered by the House.
Mr. JULIAN. This bill has been pending
here more than a year, and the Secretary of
the Treasury, in view of certain coal-beds id
the Territory of Alaska, deems legislation upon
the subject necessary. This bill has no pecu-
liar features to which anybody will object, and
I hope the House will deal with it now.
Mr. DAWES. It is only a question of time.
The whole question of Alaska will come up
to-morrow.
Mr. JULIAN. It will take less time now
than it may hereafter.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the House will go
into Committee of the Whole now on the
naval appropriation bill. The other branch of
Congress has disposed of all the appropriation
bills we have sent to them.
The SPEAKER. If the House shall not
agree to the motion to go into Committee of
the Whole on the naval appropriation bill, the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julias] will
retain his position on his privileged motion.
Mr. ARCHER. Would not a motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar, this being private bill day, take
precedence of the motion to goin to Committee
of the Whole on the naval appropriation bill?
The SPEAKER. It would not, because
when the naval appropriation bill was referred
to the Committee of the Whole, and made the
special order for a day certain and from day to
day till disposed of, the privilege of Friday for
the Private Calendar was not excepted. Had
that exception been made then the motion
indicated by the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Archer] would take precedence. If he
desires to submit such a motion now the Chair
will rule it next in order should the motion of
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn] not be agreed to by the House.
Mr. ARCHER. This is about the last day
when we can consider the Private Calendar,
and I hope the House will agree to go into
Committee of the Whole and consider it now.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
upon the motion that therulesbe suspended and
the House now resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURN,_of VViseonsin. Before
that motion is put, 1 move that all general
debate upon the naval appropriation bill be
limited to one minute, when the same shall
be considered in Committee of the Whole.
The motion to limit debate was agreed to.
The question was upon suspending the rules;
and being taken, it was agreed to.
naval appropriation bill.
Accordingly the rules were suspended ; and
the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole, (Mr. Cox in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of House bill No.
2789, making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year endiug June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all general debate upon this bill has been lim-
ited to one minute.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I askthat
the first reading of this bill be dispensed with.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 object also. I do not
want haste in legislation of this character.
The Clerk begau the first reading of the bill
in Committee of the Whole; before concluding,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, said: I
ask unanimous consent that the further read-
ing of this bill at length be dispensed with.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. 1 object; it is very good
reading, and I do not want to lose any of it.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will now be
read by clauses for amendment.
The Clerk began the reading of the bill by
clauses for amendment, and the following was
read:
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in.Goftgress assem-
bled, That the following sums be, and they are hereby,
appropriated, to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the naval
service of the Government for the year ending June
30.1872, and for other purposes:
For pay of comihissioned and warrant officers at
sea, on shore, on Special service, and of those on the
retired list and unemployed, and for mileage or
transportation of officers traveling under orders, and
for pay of the' petty officers, seamen, ordinary sea-
men, landsmen, and hoys, including men for the
engineers' force, eight thousand five hundred men,
at an average pay of $300 each per annum, $6,500,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out the last word,
for the purpose of inquiring of the gentleman
who has charge of this bill [Mr. Washburn,
of Wisconsin] concerning some details in re-
gard to the number of officers for which it is
proposed to make an appropriation. The cus-
tom has been to estimate for the full number of
officers allowed by law, even when the grades
were not full. What I desire to know of the
gentleman is whether that has been the case
in getting up this bill this year.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The
number of officers allowed by law, including
professors, instructors, &c., is about twenty-
four hundred. The amount estimated for and
appropriated last year was $7,000,000. In
consequence of our appropriating only for the
number authorized by law, we have this year
reduced by $500,000 the amount of this appro-
priation.
Mr. STEVENS. My purpose in the inquiry
was to ascertain in detail, for instance, the
number of lieutenants appropriated for this
year. Last year an appropriation was made
for a very large surplus beyond the number
actually in the service. I see by the Register
of 1869, the last one which I have at hand, that
when this publication was prepared there were
upon the active list forty-six lieutenants, and
upon the retired list forty-nine. Is the gen-
tleman able to give us the number of lieuten-
ants appropriated for in this bill ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am not.
There are one hundred and seventy lieutenant
commanders. In our pay bill passed last
session we provided that there should be no
promotion to the grade of lieutenant com-
mander until the number shall be reduced to
eighty—a great many more of this grade of
officers than we require. We have also author-
ized the President to accept the resignation of
any officer (in excess of the number authorized
by law) who may choose to retire.
Mr. STEVENS. I will say, then, that I
heartily concur with this policy of allowing
not only lieutenant commanders of the Navy
but officers of all grades.to retire from the
service upon the basis of pay adopted in regard
to the Army;- that is, upon the receipt of one
years pay in advance. I had myself prepared
an amendment, which I supposed would be in
order, to come in after this section; but as
the gentleman from Wisconsin has, under a
suspension of the rules, obtained the admis-
sion of such an amendment so that it can be
acted on by the Hou3e, I shall refrain from
pressing my amendment' at this point, upon
the assurance that this measure of reform will
be urged by the committee at the appropriate
place.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I pro-
pose to offer it as the last section of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
inserting after the word "men," in the para-
graph just read, the words "in addition to those
employed on the Coast Survey;" so that the
paragraph will read as follows:
For pay of commissioned and warrant officers at
sea, on shore, on special service, and of those on the
retired list' and unemployed, and for mileage or
transportation of officers traveling under orders,
and for pay of the petty officers, seamen, ordinary
seamen, landsmen, and boys, including men for the
engineers' force, eight thousand five hundred men,
in addition to those employed on the Coast Survey,
at an average pay of $300 each per annum, $6,500,000.
Mr. Chairman, the Coast Survey, which is
nominally and very improperly under the Treas-
ury Department but really under nobody, draws
upon the Navy Department for whatever men it
wants, very much to the inconvenience of the*
Department, the force at the command of that
Department being now reduced as low as the
exigencies of the service will admit. The men
thus furnished to the Coast Survey are deducted
from the men allowed to the naval service
proper. If we allow the Coast Survey to con-
tinue to go to the Navy Department for its sail-
ors these men ought not to be deducted from
the quota deemed necessary for the ordinary
duties of the Naval Department, for navigat-
ing our vessels of war, &c. The adoption of
the amendment I have proposed will obviate
the existing difficulty and cure what I consider
an abuse.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Will my
friend tell me how many sailors are detailed
in connection with the Coast Survey?
Mr. MAYNARD. I cannot tell the exact
number, but I am assured that the number is
considerable. I could ascertain the exact
number.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It is
entirely unnecessary to adoptsuch ati amend-
ment as that offered by the gentleman from
Tennessee. I hope he will not press it. I am
glad he has been turning his attention to the
Coast Survey, for there is no better subject for
him to exercise his mind upon.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have been exercising
my mind on it to some extent ever since I
heard some disclosures which the gentleman
himself made upon this subject some time ago.
Mr. HALE. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee one question. Does he
mean to say that sailors in the regular naval
establishment are detailed for duty in the
Coast Survey, and that such sailors make up
the entire force of the Coast Survey, excepting
professors?
Mr. MAYNARD. No; I did not say that
they made up the entire force. I said that
sailors are transferred to the Coast Survey from
the Navy, although they constitute a part of
the quota allowed by law for the naval service.
Mr. HALE. Do not men so detailed con-
stitute a very small number? Is it not only
in rare cases that they are transferred to the
Coast Survey ?
Mr. MAYNARD. The question is asked
of the number. The exact number I cannot
state, but the number is so considerable as to
be matter of serious complaint.
Mr. HALE. I understand the main force
in the Coast Survey is hired outside of the
Navy.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That is
as I understand it.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, I desire some
information from some of the members of the
Committee, on Appropriations. Two or three
years ago, in 1867, after a long discussion in
several sessions, a law was passed, authoriz-
ing the change of location of the navy-yard at
Philadelphia. The terms were explicit. When
the new location should be accepted, and the
law designated several preliminaries to be
complied with first; when the new navy-yard
should be accepted, then, by the very terms of
the law, the old yard was to be dispensed with
and disposed of. These preliminaries were
adjusted satisfactorily to the Government, the
title perfected, and a new purchase- made to
complete what it required. The Government
