1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
ment, with free and frank generosity remove
tliem; thus furnishing conclusive proof that, such
measures had not been dictated by a spirit of
hatred and vindictiveness, but by the neces-
sity to establish in the shortest possihje time
that which would be for the common good of
all, and that the first opportunity to abolish
invidious distinctions was embraced not only
willingly, but with gladness.
In forming these conclusions I was not gov-
erned by a mere sentimental and hasty gener-
osity, although I am willing to admit that it is
against my nature to deprive others without
the most irresistible necessity of rights which
I myself enjoy; but I followed the plainest rule
of statesmanship, which, under existing circum-
stances, could have no higher aim than to bring
the late rebels once more under the influence
of the sentiment that this is their country just
as well as ours; that.theirinterests are wrapped
up in its welfare just as well as our interests
are ; that their rights as citizens enjoy the same
protection as ours under its institutions, and
that the fortunes and the honor of this our
common Republic should be as dear to them
as they are to us.
It was for these reasons that I offered in the
National Republican Convention of 18G8 a
resolution welcoming back to the communion
of the loyal people all those of the late rebels
who would cooperate with us in the establish-
ment of the new order of things, and declaring
the Republican party in favor of a prompt re-
moval of political disabilities and disqualifi-
cations as soon as it would be compatible with
public safety. This resolution was incorpor-
ated in the national Republican platform by a
unanimous vote of the convention, and upon
that platform we carried on that memorable
contest which elevated General Grant and you,
sir, to the high offices which you now occupy.
Thus was an important step taken in the direc-
tion I have just indicated, a step accompanied
by the approval and applause not only of the
Republican party, but of the whole American
people ; and it remained to carry out by prac-
tical measures that policy of which the Repub-
lican platform contained so emphatic a promise.
Permit me now, sir, to give an account of
the manner in which that Republican promise
was carried out in Missouri. In Missouri the
civil war had raged with uncommon fierceness.
The State had been devastated by repeated
invasions. Great atrocities had been commit-
ted by rebel guerrillas, producing in some parts
of the State that most terrible ot wars, a neigh-
borhood war in the truest sense of the term.
This continued in a measure even some time
after the surrender of the rebel armies. The
bitterest resentments divided the people. It
was thought questionable whether rebels and
Unionists would be able to live peaceably
together on the same soil. Under such cir-
cumstances a Slate constitution was adopted
which excluded from the right of suffrage all
who had been connected with the rebellion
either by act or by sympathy.
But while in no State the struggle between
rebels and Unionists had been fiercer, in no
State the animosities of the war died out more
rapidly and more completely. Under the in-
fluence of restored peace the material devel-
opment of the State at once took a new and
vigorous start. For some time outrages were
committed by the bushwhacking tribe; soon
they disappeared. For some time, even until
within the last two years to some extent,
social and business ostracism was kept up by
the two parties; gradually the genial habits
of good neighborship revived. The people of
Missouri became again throughout an orderly
aud law-abiding people, until at the commence-
ment of (he present year the Governor could
proclaim in his message that there was not a
county in the State where the sheriff could not
at any time obtain a posse to aid him in the
execution of the laws, aud that life and the rights
of property were as safe in Missouri as in any
State of the Union. Au«l never was there a
word of praise more richly deserved. The
Governor might have said far more without
going beyond the truth.
From other parts of the country reports have
reached you of rebel riots, excesses, and out-
rages ; of attempts to nullify the freedom of the
late slave; of those wild commotions which
usually follow suppressed rebellions. I will not
here investigate how much of exaggeration
there may have been in some of these stories ;
but tell me whether within the last two years
even the attempt at such a story has come
from Missouri at all! You might travel over
my State far and wide in all directions, and
you would behold with your own eyes the irre-
sistible evidences of a most beneficent and
wonderful transformation. You would find
society everywhere moving again in the quiet
channel of productive activity ; you would find
the minds of the people absorbed with railroad
enterprises and mines and new fields of agri-
cultural labor ; you would find the school-house,
against which the old pro-slavery prejudice had
been so bitterly fighting, in successful opera-
tion ; you would find the late slave securely
enjoying his new rights as a freeman ; you
would find the late rebel obeying the laws,
paying his taxes, and working peaceably by the
side of the Union man as a good neighbor; you
would find, even in those places which during
the war had been specially noted for their re-
bellious spirit, society in a more peaceful and
orderly condition than it had ever been there,
not only during, but even before the rebellion.
You would, in one word, find the new order of
things rapidly working itself into the daily habits
and the ordinary ways of thinking of the whole
people. And if you heard here and there a
hair-brained individual still indulge in an occa-
sionalswagger of the rebellious kind, you would
find also that his voice is deadened by the very
air surrounding him, like a voice 011 the sea
which awakens no echo.
But a short time ago you would have found
only one fountain of bitter feeling still flowing ;
and that fountain consisted in those very laws
which cut off thousands and thousands of citi-
zens from all the political rights of citizenship
while they were fulfilling its duties and bearing
its burdens. Of all living institutions this was
the only one daily reminding the people of
the great conflict, of the passions which had
inflamed them, of the hatred which they had
borne to one another; the only one calculated
to rekindle the old bitter rancor of the van-
quished against the conqueror, and to prevent
the revival of that fraternal feeling among chil-
dren of the same country which all generous
and patriotic men are longing for; the only one
threatening to disturb the peace of society once
more, if continued, beyond measure.
And what could we answer when asked upon
what ground disfranchisement could be con-
tinued in Missouri under such circumstances ?
Could we say that the life of the Republic and
the results of the war were still threatened
there by organized efforts? Everybody knew
that they were not. Could we say that the
rights and the lives and the property of the
loyal people were not yet safe? Everybody
knew that they were. Could we answer that
the late rebels refused to obey the laws, to pay
their taxes, and to fulfill the duties of citizen-
ship ? Such refusal was not heard of. What
pretext, then, was left for sustaining disfran-
chisement ? Absolutely none in the remotest
degree resembling the justification of necessity.
If continued, the system rested upon nothing
but the arbitrary pleasure of the ruling party.
It was evident that disfranchisement had no
longer any ground to stand upon. Republicans
who were not willing to sacrifice every consid-
eration of honor and decency to party advantage
were rapidly growing ashamed of it, and finally
the Legislature, at its last session, resolved to
submit to the people of Missouri amendments
to the State constitution wiping out the system
of disfranchisement and establishing popplete
equality of political rights without distinction
of color, as well as of previous political atti-
tude. This was done last spring, the amend-
ments to be voted upon at the State election
this fall. Thus the question was plainly placed
before the people of Missouri, and when going
to the polls they were called upon to answer
simply "ay" or "no."
Would it be thought possible, sir, that under
the circumstances I have described those
amendments should have found any serious
opposition ? Should it not have been expected
that the whole Republican party, remembering
the word of promise held out in the national
platform, would, as one man, have greeted with
gladness this tempting opportunity to wipe out
the last remnant of the old animosities which
had distracted us, to disarm the charge of vin-
dictiveness and of a selfish policy which had
been brought against them, and to unite the
whole people of the State once more in the
bonds of equal rights and fraternal feeling?
Could patriotic men hesitate when the plain
alternative was presented to them either to
accomplish all this by responding "ay" to
the simple proposition placed before them by
the Legislature, or, by saying "no," to take
a step backward in the line of proscription ?
Thus every generous impulse, every dictate
of honor, of patriotism, of common sense, of
sound statesmanship, of fidelity to Republican
pledges, pointed in one direction. Nay, sir,
men of ordinary shrewdness, not even appre-
ciating those higher motives, would have discov-
ered that every consideration of prudent, party
polity did the same; for had we hesitated,
the day would certainly have come when dis-
franchisement would have been abolished in
spite of the Republican party, instead of by it,
as a victory over the Republican party instead
of a triumph of its good faith and just princi-
ples ; and what hope had Republicans then to
win over to their cause any of the reenfran-
chised, if they had resisted reiinfrancliisement
when their very honor commanded them to
grant it? And thus, I must confess, when
under such circumstances the constitutional
amendments were proposed by the Legislature,
I candidly thought all struggles on this subject
in Missouri were over, and I congratulated, in
my letters, my friends on the cheerful prospect.
And yet the opposition to thi3 measure devel-
oped itself in a most formidable shape. We
found a remarkable combination of forces in
array against it. There were those whose whole
political horizon was bounded by the struggles
of the rebellion ; whose whole political stock
in trade consisted in the battle-cries of the civil
war; who would forever have rolled the word
'' rebel'' as a sweet morsel under their tongues,
and delighted in discoursing grimly over the
beauties of eternal damnation. But the bulk
of the opposition was moved by more practical
views. I suppose there is a class of politicians
everywhere whose great aim and end in polit-
ical life it is to monopolize the local offices.
That class in Missouri found disfranchisement
a very handy contrivance to keep their pre-
sumptive opponents away from the polls. En-
franchisement struck at their monopoly; to
prevent it was with them a question of personal
advantage. They acted upon the simple princi-
ple that those who would probably vote against
them had better not be permitted to vote at all.
They did not expressly deny that the rebels
should be admitted to the ballot as soon as
public safety would permit it, but they simply
reasoned that public safety would not be per-
fect without their own election as sheriffs or
county clerks. I suppose Senators know the
breed.
Thus we found inveterate prejudice and un-
scrupulous greed for office arrayed against
fidelity to sacred pledges and sound states-
manship. I am aware that ray colleague has
distributed a speech among Senators in which
be asserts that the opposition was not so much
directed against enfranchisement itself as
against tho constitutional amendment, as a
i form of effecting it, while the same thing inigut
