1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9m
theft by its' officers' accepted tlie new location
ftr* a navy-yard as designed by the law.
Now, what I desire to know from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations is this: first, as there
is no appropriation in this bill for the expenses
of the removal required and preparation of the
new site, whether there is some other bill be-
fore the committee in which such appropria-
tion can be properly made? Secondly, whether
they intend, during the present Congress, to
pass on the question, or do they intend to shift
the responsibility upon those who are to come
after them?
In the early days of the present Congress,
when, under a general cry of economy, this
matter was voted down by only'a small major-
ity, some believing that no further law was
needed and some believing that no appropri-
a'ti&Vshould' be granted, my friend, the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr.
Dawes,] distinctly avowed that the law was as
ITiavestated'it; that this place, League Island,
■rfisS'to become the navy-yard at Philadelphia.
It'is' propeV, then, at this time'to remind the
ebmmittee that Congress" has'passed on the
question, that all'the pros and cons'have been
debited, and the a'ct' finally' adopted determ-
ining that the'transfef'should be effected, and
to" ask whether there is any gtiod in post'port-
ing this matter any'longer?' This question is
a" simple one. The'old navy-yard is not suffi-
cient for the wants of the' service, as* sevefai
Secretaries' of the Naivy, and" Presidents," by
annual and other messages and reports', have
tried to impress upon Congress. The question
is'one of change from this old and insufficient
yard to a new location not far distant'from the
present, an island of over six hundred acres,
Which, at" the suggestion of the Government
itself, was given by the' city of Philadelphia',
at a' very large expense, ove'r fb'ur hundred
thousand dollars, for which our citizens are
taxed, and which, as I have already' stated,
was fully accepted by the Government as a
nravy-yard.
Mr. Chairman, I do not wish to throw'any
obstructions in the way of the bill; but I can-
riot allow an appropriation bill for naval pur-
poses, for purposes relating to navy-yards,
to pass'by without ascertaining from the Com-
idittee" on Appropriations what decision they
have arrived at in reference to an appropria-
tion for League Island. If th en fear approach
of the next Congress is to be' an" excuse for"
postponing it, let uS'know it': If the desire to
rrullifyaiaw' which" gentlemen vainly trie'd'to
defeat is'the excusW' te't us kriowtfiat'als'o. I'
have" the' act of 18B7. before me. ' It provides
that when" League" Island should be accepted,
as it afterWard Was, by the" Government, the
navy yard should be located there and the
old yafd disposed of. I wish to know why
this'laW is' nfflr carried out by" the committee
reporting appropriations for naval purposes
ttf't8e(3~oa&?? We have already appropriated
^000 for" the sufvey of the island. The
wbrk'is reaily begun and the people of Phila-
delphia' demand, as' they have good right to
do'", that it shall be carried on to completion.
[ffefetherh'am'mer fell.]
Air: RANDA'LL,v I'would'like to ask the
geritlgtoan from Wisconsin [Mr. Washbtjrn"]
a'que'stiori' which I think would not obstruct
thebillo'rb'dobjec'tioftable to" him. The peb'pie
ofPli fl&delphia*d eSii*e to know exactly Where
the"r'eS{<on'sibilfty r'ests' itf connection with the
tee oil Appropriations' have' determined' that
they'wTfl triafce no appropriation for any work
not rggdriimen'ded by the Department.
The' CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amen'd-
ftfetit'iis exhausted.
Sr.' WASHBURN', of 'Wisconsin. I renew
tKffam'eri'dmeut for the purpose of answering
ttt^ihfeftoga'torfes of both my Philadelphia"
fHfelids". Now I will say 
Mr. RANDALL. Before the' gentleman pro-
efffeW, I desire to conclude What I had to say".
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 60.
If this is to be the position of the Committee
on Appropriations, well and good, so far as they
are concerned, because then the responsibility
of the building of a navy-yard at League Island
in lieu of the one at the city will rest with the
Executive Departments.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire
to answer the interrogatories of my friend.
There is nothing that would give me person-
ally more satisfaction than to vote for this
measure, which my friend from Philadelphia
seems so anxious about. If I ever would feel
.justified in departing from what I believe to
be the strict line of duty, 1 would do it to
oblige him as soon as any other gentleman.
I recollect' how handsomely he treated me
yesterday when I needed friends. Perhaps I
have been as liberal toward him as I feel that
I ought to be. I have felt a desire to be as
liberal as I possibly could be.
Mr. MYERS. We do not want the gentle-
man's liberality ; we want him to be just, not
liberal.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
endeavor to be so. As regards myself, I may
say that I am on record in regard to League
Island, and I do not think it likely that I will
change my views' on that subject. But I am
soon to cease' to be an obstruction here and
somebody else will be responsible. As to
what'action the conimiLtee maiy take, if I knew
it, and if- it were proper for' me'to state it, I
would do stt. But it will not be improper'for
me perhaps to say that the committee has not
yet taken that subject up for consideration.
Mr. MYERS. Is there another bill?
Mr: WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I would
say that there is another bill, which will be a
proper one to be reported if the committee
should be of opinion that a'n appropriation
should' be made. The matter will undoubt-
edly-bo considered by the committee, but what
its action may be of course I cannot foresee.
Bat I wish to say that, so far as I aid con-
cerned, I assume all the'responsibility 
Mr. RANDALL. I- do not want to know
anything so far as1' the"gentfema'n froto Wis-
consin is concerned: P wa;nt to "know* this'fact,
whether the' Committed' on Appropriations
have taken the position that they will not
recommend any appropriations for new works'
in the Naval Department.
[Here the'liatnrrfe'r fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I may
be" pefttffitted'to say that I deem' the" ih'q'uiry
of the gentlettfin* from Pennsylvania [Mi-.*
Randall] notehfir&ly'a proper one, but I will
state that the conlm'ittee hasta'ken no a'ction
that I am aware'of on that subject.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend* by
striking out the last word. I do so for' the
purpose of adding a few words on the subject
of the Coast Survey. When this work was
begun, half a century ago or so, we had no
educated naval officers whom we could spare
to commence and carry on this work. It be-
came necessary, therefore, to carry it outside
the Naval Department. But since the Naval
Academy has been organized, our naval in-
struction has been of a very high order. The
mathematical education is of the'safne general
character as at the Military Academy. We
have now a full complement of naval officers,
any number of Whom can be detailed to per-
form this work" of surveying the'coast. They
would not be iiltefested in making it a never-
ending basiness, as' it would' be" under other
management. They will acquire additional
professional knowledge, and they' will, by
carrying" on' this work, be* concerned in pre-
paring the charts from which they and' their
associates w'onld navigate the s"e"a's*; aiid I
hope* after awhile that we shall riot be under
the mortification of sailing' along' otff oWn
coast guided' by the admiralty charts of Great
Britain. This is not the proper place for it,
but I shall, if' I find an opportunity, and no
one else does it, endeavor to have that service
attached to the NaVy Department and con-
ducted under the direction of that Depart-
ment. Such an amendment will, I think, be
found on examination to be a just one; but I
do not wish to obstruct the passage of the bill.
If the gentleman from Wisconsin will inquire
at the Navy Department he will find I am right
in my amendment, and that it ought to pre-
vail.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Mayjtabd] expresses the hope that
we can so legislate that the work of the Coast
Survey will not be a perpetual and never-end-
ing one. In order t6 do that we must so legis-
late that the tides and winds shall not move
the banks of the rivers and the shores of the
sea. These surveys are constantly requiring
revision, and we do not sail now by British
admiralty charts. I have had occasion within
a week to learn that the best British admiralty
charts would exclude ocean-going vessels from
the port of Philadelphia, at least from oue of
its principal and main entrances.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether he and I did not pass up
the Pacific coast, less than two years ago, and
back, following the directions of a British
admiralty chart?
Mt. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Let me
express the hope that the harbor of Phila-
delphia is not so far filled up as to make it
improper for a navy-yard to be located there.
Mr. KELLEY. I .want to say that while
vessels drawing nineteen feet of water may go
up the Schuylkill, the British admiralty charts
represent that only a vessel drawing one and
a half feet of water can go' up 1 The channel
of the Delaware lias been influenced in certain
respects, s'o that at* this "time, after a' lapse of
forty-odd years, the Coa'st Survey are revising
the charts of that rivej; , I' have no special
amendment'to offer, but I want it to be borne
in mind that'the duties'o'f the Coast Survey will
continue so long sis' winds'blow and sand may
be moved by water.
The amendment was-withdrawn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wiscbnsin. I renew
the amendment for the purpose of saying that
I am very glad that this matter is being agi-
tated and attention called to it. I think the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Matxard] is
right; and that when we. are expending so
much money upon the-" Navy as we are now
doing it is a disgrace to us" that we have to
employ a civil force to carry on the coast
survey when naval officers are "lying" around
loose" with1 nothing^ to do ail over the coun-
ty.
Now, the surveys of Great Britain, which
are'extended all over the World, are carried
on exclusively by the British navy, and I can
never understand Why it is that we should
resort to a civil force for that purpose. Upon
the great lakes a survey is carried on exactly
like the coast survey, a geometrical survey,
under the direction of the officers of the Army,
and it is quite as satisfactory as the coast sur-
vey. I repeat that I am. glad attention has
been called to this matter, but I do not think-
this is the place to provide a remedy. I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will renew the
amendment for the purpose- of making a few
observations with reference to the appropri-
ations hereafter to be made for navy -yards. I
suppose that when the sundry civil bill is before
the Souse it* will be the proper time for an
appropriation, if any is to be made, for League
Island', for New London, or for any otlwr new
work. I do not desire to antagonize any of
those interests. I have nothing to say about
them at present. All that has been said by
the gentleman from Philadelphia [Mr. Myers]
in regard to Congress and the Government
being committed as a matter of duty, as a
matter of good faith, to the improvement of
League Island, can be said in regard to the
site at New London, Connecticut.'
In the first pl£ce, the Government author-
ized the location of the site. The land* was
