Tm CONGRESSIONAL ©LOSE.
December 15,
in 187;!* also be accomplished, by an act of the
Legislature. I- boldly assert that this, is not
in aeeorijance with the, facts. From fifty to
sixty country, papers, in Missouri, mostly pub-
lish edander the-shadow of county court-houses,
led by, a central organ at St. Louis, began at
once to assail the constitutional amendment,
not njierely as an objectionable, manner of
accomplishing enfranchisement, bat bitterly
protesting against enfranchisement, or, as they
termed it, rebel suffrage, itself. It was the thing
they fought, not the mere shape in which it
appeared, and my colleague ought to know it.
But there the opposition did not stop. It
organized itself for tfye purpose of defeating
any indorsement of the enfranchising amend-
ment in the Republican State convention, and
of carrying the nomination of a, candidate for
Governor hostile to it. This candidate was
Mr. McClurg. In order to accomplish this
things were done probably without precedent
in the history of political parties.
I ask the pardon of the Senate for going into
details; but they are interesting, and those
who desire to study the art of wire-pulling as
part of the civilization of our times will have
an opportunitytolearn something. Theoppo-
nents of the constitutional amendment com-
ma.nd.ed a majority in the State central com-
mittee. The circumstance that the colored
citizens of Missouri were to vote this year for
the first time was taken advantage of to
insure a majority in the convention against
enfranchisement and for their candidate.
It was customary with the Republican party
in Missouri that, on the basis of the general elec-
tion last preceding, every one hundred and fifty
Republican voters should have one delegate in
the State convention. The colored citizens had
never voted, but the majority of the State com-
mittee proceeded upon the presumption t&at
every colored man would vote the Republican
ticket and ought therefore to be represented in
the convention. This appeared rather novel,
yet the general proposition was acquiesced in.
But then, instead ot'simply adding the colored
citizens, according to the last census, to the
aggregate number of Republican voters in each
county, the State committee decreed to the col-
ored men, as a distinct class, a separate repre-
sentation, and giving every fraction over one
hundred and fifty, however small, a delegate,
thingswere so manipulated that while one del-
egate appeared in the convention to every one
hundred and forty white Republican voters,
including fractions, the colored citizens were
represented by one delegate to every ninety
voters. The purpose for which this was done
became soon apparent.
A great iniquity was perpetrated, far worse
in its nature than a common trick of wire-
pulling. Colored agitators were sent all over
the State, from town to town, from settlement
to settlement, to enlist the newly enfranchised
colored people in the crusade against the en-
franchising amendment and the support of the
candidates representing that hostility, and all
the artifices of demagogism, every possible ap-
peal to passion, prejudice, and fear, were freely
employed. Look at this. The colored citi-
zens were to exercise the right of suffrage for
the first time, and those against whom so many
prejudices were still alive, wrongful prejudices
indeed, but stubborn; those who for their
future welfare need the good will of their neigh-
bors more than any other class of society;
those whose rights can be perfectly secure only
in the security of the equal rights of all, were
to be seduced to signal their very entrance in
political life by using their virgin franchise for
the purpose of continuing the disfranchise-
ment of others. The thought is so abominable
in itself that I do not hesitate to denounce the
demagogues who gave the colored people of
Missouri that most iniquitous advice as the
worst enemies of the colored racc.
And [ regret to state the fact that this most
unscrupulous trick succeeded. The coloitd
voters, with some most honorable exceptions,
permitted themselves to be u.sed by the oppo-
nents of enfranchisement in. organizing for the
convention. And that was the object in giving
them a representation iu proportion almost
double that of the. white voters. The students
of the. science will admit that this was an in-
structive piece of wire-pulling, and most neatly
executed.
It was but natural th,at men who did not
shrink from the employment of such means
should have resorted to all the other appliances
known to politicians who practice the art of
fraudulently gettingupdelegations and of pack-
ing conventions. And all these things were
done for the sole purpose of preventing the
indorsement of the enfranchising amendment
by the convention, and of securing the nom-
ination for Governor of Mr. McClurg, the can-
didate in sympathy with them. But I will not
go into further detail.
Of this character was the opposition the
friends of enfranchisement had to contend with
iii the convention. Twice we appealed to the
convention to abandon that most absurd "and
scandalous system of representation the nature
of which I have just described. But twice, in
spite of arguipents and appeals incontrovert-
ible and pressing, we were voted down. We
should have been justified in leaving the con-
vention then, and public opinion would have
sustained us. B,ut we preferred to submit even
to these wrongs, willing to give our opponents
a last chance to refiaiu from carrying their
scandalous advantage to the utmost, but fully
determined also that the fruit of it should not
be reaped.
Finally we arrived at the main question.
The committee on resolutions, of which I was
a member, was unanimous on all other points,
but on the question of indorsing the franchise
amendment it was divided. The majority
reported the following resolution :
"That the Republican party stands pledged to re-
move all disqualifications and restrictions imposed
upon the late rebels in the same measure as the spirit
of disloyalty may die out and as may be consistent
with the safety of the loyal people; that we consider
the time to have come, and we cordially indorse the
action of the Legislature of Missouri in submitting to
the qualified voters of the State the amendments
removing all disqualifications from the disfranchised
people of Missouri, and conferring equal political
rights and privileges on all classes, and we earnestly
recommend them to the people for their appioval
and adoption."
The resolution reported by the minority was
as follows:
"That wo arc in favor of reenfranchising those
justly disfranchised for participating in the late
rebellion, as soon as it can be done with safety to the
State; and that we concur in the propriety of the
Legislature having submitted to the whole people
of the State the question whether such time has now
arrived, upon which question wo recognize the
right of any member of the party to vote his honest
convictions."
The meaning of the majority resolution was
unequivocal and plain ; a solemn and straight-
forward declaration of the Republican party,
through its convention, that as an organization
it was in favor of enfranchisement, and of the
measure proposed by the Legislature to effect
it, and that it called upon its members to re-
deem the solemn pledges of the party. But
what was the meaning of the minority resolu-
tion ? I have heard it argued by public speakers
and in newspapers that there was no real dif-
ference between the two. Can any discerning
mind fail to see the difference?
In the first place it was an absurdity in itself.
It repeated the promise of enfranchisement at
some future period which it did not define. If
under the circumstances surrounding us the
time for enfranchisement had not come, when
in the name of common sense would it come?
It approved of the act of the Legislature sub-
mitting the question to the people, but then,
referring the matter to every individual voter,
it declared that the Republican party as such
had no opinion to express, no advice to give
on the subject. Look at this ; the question of
reenfranchisement was the only one agitating
the public mind, the only one piominenlly in
issue before the people of Missouri. And that,
the great ruling party of the State should in its-
platform declare its neutrality, as a partyF as1
to the only great question in controversy, ■ 
question so greatly affecting the future welfare--
of the Sftate, was in the very nature of things
so utterly absurd and ridiculous that you would
search the history of parties in vain for a par-
allel. It amounted, in fact, to a, confession
either of imbecility or of cowardice ; of imbe-
cility, if the party had no opinion to express
upon the subject, or of cowardice if it had an
opinion and did not dare to say so.
But that was not the worst feature of it. It
was a fraud on the face of it. In reiterating
the promise that disfranchisement should ba
removed when compatible with the safety of
the State, it virtually denied that it was already
then compatible with the safety of the State,
If not then, untjer the circumstances prevail-
ing, when would it be? The repetition of ans
indefinite promise was, therefore, th.e' repudia-
tion of a promise already due; the redemption:
of a pledge by another pledge, accompanied by
the demonstration that the binding force of
the pledge was not acknowledged. The hon-
esty of the party stood in a worse light than
Micawber's, when, after giving his due-bill for
a debt long due, he exclaimed, " Thank God,
that debt is paid, and I can once more raise
my head as an honest man."
But even that was not the worst feature
of it. It was a declaration of neutrality and
an indefinite promise only in appearance. It.
was the device of the enemies of the consti-
tutional amendment to defeat that measure.
The resolution was framed and introduced by
the bitterest and most openly avowed enemy
of the enfranchising amendment, who, while;
subsequently advocating the minority report,
bluntly proclaimed his hostility to the measure-
and his intention to defeat it. In addressing
the convention he boastingly pledged three-
fourths of the people of his congressional dis-
trict to vote against it. His principal supporter,,
a colored man, spoke in the same vein, and so
one after another, the advocates of the minority
resolution, with few exceptions, while arguing
in favor of it, professed their hostility to eufran-
chisement.
The operations which had preceded the con-
vention, as well as the known character and
proclivities and open and emphatic expressions
of the movers and advocates of that resolution,
leftnopossible doubt, therefore, ofthe fact that
the apparent declaration of neutrality on the
subject was nothing but a thin disguise, if a
disguise at all, of determined hostility to en-
franchisement, and that the adoption of that
resolution would be an unmistakable victory
of the enemies of enfranchisement. The ques-
tion was therefore perfectly plain. All that
had happened had made it plain before the
debate on the resolutions began. What course
was left to those who were determined to stand
by the solemn pledges of the national Repub-
lican platform ?
It fell to my lot to play a somewhat prom-
inent part in those proceedings, and my con-
victions of duty were clear. In opening the
debate I used, among others, the following
expressions, and I select the strongest:
"Wo arc resolved, and I think I may decljre it in
the name of a considerable portion oi this conven-
tion, we are resolved to maintain the plighted faith
of the Republican party. We are resolved to have
that which is declared in this platform and nothing
less. We are resolved not to equivocate about it
Tjpon this question as honest men and faithful Re-
publicans we cannot yield. I therefore declare ui
my ownnameand in thenaineof myfrionds that this
is our platform. _ Some such platform will go belore
the people ot this State at the next election and a
candidate will go before the people for tlmir tuffrases
who does not by his known opinions, by his a«oc'i i-
tions, and by his record give the lie to wnat is de-
clared m the platform upon which he isnominated."
I may add, the charge which was made that
we insisted upon our own candidate and woaid
accept no other, was fatae. Wo would have
tieea satisfied with any candidate who was
openly and honestly in favor of enfranchise-
