946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
purchased- by the State of Connecticut and
presented to the Government. The Govern-
ment authorized its law officer to examine the,
title; the title was examined and the site was
accepted for naval purposes. And as the Sec-
retary of the Navy has said in his last report,
and as his predecessor said in his report, the
Government is bound in good faith, as well in
regard to New London as in regard to League
Island, to make appropriations at the proper
time in accordance with the terms on which
that gift was tendered and accepted. So that,
both as regards New London and League
Island, the good faith of the Government in
all its branches has been committed to the
improvement of those two locations.
1 might here say that two boards of naval
officers, appointed by a former Administra-
tion, when the whole subject was before them,
selected New London as the proper site in
that portion of the country for a large naval
establishment. I might also say that a com-
miitee of this House, on an investigation that
ran through two years, reported to this House
in favor of that site. But I do not desire to
open that question here.. I desire simply to
say that all that has been said in favor of
League Island, so far as regards the Govern-
ment being committed in good faith to the
improvement of that place, can be said in
regard to New London.
That is all I desire to say at this time in
regard to this matter in connection with this
bill. But when the sundry civil appropria-
tion bill shall come before this House for con-
sideration I shall expect the Committee on
Appropriations to report in favor of what(the
Government is in good faith bound to do, not
only in regard to the one place or the other,
but in regard to both of them. But, as a mat-
ter of economy, there can be no better time
than the present session of Congress, when
that bill comes up for consideration.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The committee rose informally for the pur-
pose of receiving a
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment, a bill (H. E. No. 2537) for the relief of
John Kelly, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
for the reissue of certain bonds.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate insisted upon its amendments, disagreed
to by tbe House, to the bill (H. R. No. 1351)
prescribing the form of the enacting clauses
of acts and resolutions of Congress, and rules
for the construction thereof, agreed to the con-
ference asked by the House upon the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Trumboll, Mr. Anthony, and
Mr. Davis as the conferees on the part of the
Senate.
The message also further announced that
the Senate insisted upon its amendments, dis-
agreed to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No.
2509) to abolish the offices of Admiral and Vice
Admiral in the Navy, agreed to the conference
asked by the House upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Cragin, Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Stockton
as the conferees on the part of the Senate.
The message also further announced that the
Senate disagreed to the amendments of the
House to Senate bill No. 995, for the relief of
purchasers of land sold for direct taxes in the
insurrectionary States, asked a Conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses there-
on, and had appointed Mr. Trumbull, Mr.
Edmunds, and Mr. Vickers as the conferees
on the part of the Senate.
The message also further announced that
the Senate had passed a bill, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested, of the
following title:
A bill (S. No. 1202) confirming the title to
certain lands.
naval appropriation bill. .
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session. .
, Mr. DAWES. The Committee of the Whole
will see at once the embarrassments in which
this question is involved in the absence of any
recommendation by the Executive upon so
important a subject as the. outlay of millions
of dollars for the establishment of new navy-
yards when we are already possessed of eight
upon the Atlantic coast and one upon the
Pacific coast. We find our distinguished
colleagues in this House from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley and Mr. Myers] urging the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to launch into an
expenditure for the building of a new navy-
yard at League Island. And our equally distin-
guished friend from Connecticut, [Mr. Stark-
weather,] in the same tone and in the same
line, is urging with equal force the claims of
New London; while our friend from Maine,
who represents the Portland district, [Mr.
Lynch,] has a scheme for transferring one of
these yards to Portland. And the gentleman
who represents Brooklyn, New York, [Mr.
Slocum,] is equally anxious to dispose of the
navy-yard in his district and convert it into
cash; and my friend from Maine, near me,
[Mr. Hale,] has Mount Desert all ready for
a navy-yard. My friend from New York [Mr.
Reeves] says that the navy-yard at Brooklyn
must be transferred to the eastern end of Long
Island; and we are informed by the gentle-
man from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather]
that all these measures move along in harmony
and look to one end. Certainly that end is the
bottom of the Treasury. In the mean time, Mr.
Chairman, the Secretary of the Navy proposes
a floating-dock at a cost of $1,000,000. By
this he proposes to take the navy-yard to the
squadron and there repair the ships without
taking them to the navy-yard. I am happy
to learn for the first time that all these move-
ments are in harmony; for the statement puts
us on our guard. Heretofore we have been
enabled to play off these gentlemen one against
another; but the attack becomes formidable
if they have reached a common understanding
to make one grand assault upon the Treasury
of the United States. Three million dollars
are asked for at League Island, $2,000,000 at
New London, $2,500,000 at Mount Desert.
I do not know what it would take to move the
Charlestown navy-yard up to Portsmouth or
the Brooklyn navy-yard over to Greenport.
Let us wait until the Navy Department has
some fixed policy upon this question. In an
appropriation bill, the legitimate purpose of
which is to provide for carrying on the Gov-
ernment according to existing laws, let us not
undertake to initiate measures of this kind.
Let us wait until the Administration shall have
determined the great question whether it is
not better to diminish rather than multiply
the navy-yards upon the Atlantic coast.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. PLATT. I raise the point of order
that a discussion upon the establishment of
new navy-yards is not in order upon any amend-
ment before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. This discussion is not ger-
mane to the pending amendments.
Mr. MYEKS. 1 then move to amend by
inserting as a new paragraph "for naval sta-
tion at League Island, $100,000."
Mr. BENJAMIN. I raise the point of
order that this appropriation is not authorized
by any existing law. (
Mr. MYERS. Oh, yes, it is. On this point
the gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. DICKEY. The law authorizes this
naval station; we propose to make an appro-
priation for an object now authorized by law.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not know of any
law authorizing any appropriation of this kind.
Mr. DICKEY. There is such a law.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would be pleased if
the gentleman offering this amendment would
cite the law. I am n6t aware of any law
authorizing such an appropriation. I recol-
lect that a bill for this purpose was defeated
here in this House.
Mr. MYERS. That is not so; it is a mistake.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If there is any law it
can easily be pointed out.
The CHAIRMAN. ^?he.Chair is not aware
of any law authorizing the construction of this
navy-yard; and he would be glad if the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania would cite the law
or give some reference to it, so that the Chair
may decide the point of order.
Mr. MYERS. By an act of Congress of
February 18, 1867, League Island was estab-
lished as a naval station.
Mr. WELKER and Mr. BENJAMIN. Let
that act be read.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania will please send the act to th6
Chair.
Mr. MYERS. Allow me further to say that
in pursuance of that law an appropriation has
already been made. Congress appropriated
$5,000 for the survey. The appropriation now
proposed is for a work already authorized.
The iron clads of the Government are at this
naval station, and naval officers are now upon
duty there. It is a naval yard and naval sta-
tion in pursuance of au act of Congress passed
February 18, 1867. Any gentleman who as-
serts to the contrary shows his ignorance of
tbe action heretofore taken by Congress on this
subject.
The CHAIRMAN. After an examination
of the law, the Chair decides that the amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, I wish the
House to understand that I have offered this
amendment now only because of these objec-
tions so persistently insisted on. I was con-
tent with the assurance of the gentleman re-
porting this bill that there was another one, the
miscellaneous appropriation bill, in which this
subject could be fitly and fully considered,
and that the committee had not yet acted on
the question.
Taking into view the replies of the chairman
of the committee [Mr. Dawes] and thegentle-
mau who reports this bill, [Mr. Washburn,
of Wisconsin,] that this question has not yet
been considered by the committee, and that
no estimate of the expense has been sent by
the Department for the present bill, I shall
not insist on a vote at this time when the
House does not seem to be prepared for it;
but I wish to answer what has been said by the
chairman, and also by the gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Starkweather,] in the remarks
we have just heard. I am obliged to the gen-
tleman from Connecticut for saying that this
work at League Island in the establishment of
the new navy-yard ought to progress; but if I
were to sit stilllshould be considered as admit-
ting his other assertion, that New London was
chosen for a navy-yard, and as admitting the
assertion of the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations that there is some sort of
an agreement between the Representatives of
the two places. This comes with a bad grace
from the chairman of the committee, who is
trying to postpone the carrying out of a law
passed while he was a member of the House,
in pursuance of which an appropriation has
already been made with his assent, and in con-
travention of which, through the gentleman's
efforts, the Government is now having a double
expense at Philadelphia—there being two navy-
yards to be kept up there; one of them, it is
true, costing but little comparatively, but still
two naval stations with their separate expenses.
What was determined when the law passed
was that League Island should be the future
location of the navy-yard at Philadelphia; not
that an additional navy-yard should be estab-
lished, but that the machinery and materials
should be removed from the old yard tf the
new one, disposing of the present yard as
speedily as could be done, in order to pay from
