1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
ment; but we would not pat an anti-enfran-
chisement man upon an enfranchisement plat-
form, for we were resolved not to deceive the
people.
The remarks I made may appear strong, and
I admit that they were. They were intended
to be strong. I would not hesitate a moment
to hold the same language again under similar
circumstances. My personal position was a
peculiar one. I have already alluded to the
fact that in the national Republican conven-
tion of 1866, I introduced a resolution in favor
of the removal of political disabilities as soon
as public safety would permit it. I, for my
part, was honest in proposing that resolution
and in makipg that promise. I sincerely meant
what I said. I did not mean to deceive the
people by opening the prospect of a concilia-
tory policy, with the secret intention to break
the pledge and to obtain the votes of the people
on false pretenses. I am sure the national
convention, which unanimously made that reso-
lution apart of the Republican platform, under-
stood the nature of the pledge also, and was
honest in putting it forth. But of all men in
the world I, who had moved the resolution
and been the originator of the great promise,
was the very last to trifle with it or to equivo-
cate about it. I could not have done so with-
out disgracing myself forever in my own estima-
tion. If I am proud of anything, it is not so
much the position in the first law-giving body
of the Republic to which I have been elevated
by a generous people, but it is the feet that
during my whole pablie career I have always
been mindful of the great responsibility of those
who undertake to exercise an influence upon
public opinion; that I have never said any-
thing to the people which 1 did not inyself
honestly believe in ; that I never made a pledge
which I did not mean honestly to keep; and
that whenever I made a pledge in conjunction
with others 1 meant to keep those others to
it too.
I therefore looked upon that promise as one
admitting of no uncertainty, no compromise,
no trifling, no equivocation, which would have
been faithlessness of the darkest nature. And
this sentiment, which always has been and
always will be the guide of my public life,
governed me in this instance and dictated my
language.
But more than that. It is well known that
the conciliatory policy to which the Republican
party pledged itself in its platform had much
to do with the greatness of the success we
achieved in the presidential election of 18G8.
It was most emphatically indorsed by our can-
didate for the Presidency in those simple but
powerful words which became the very inscrip-
tion of the banner under which we fought,
"Let us have peace." The words were ac-
cepted as meaning, and they could mean noth-
ing else, that a Ann but generous and concilia-
tory policy should be adopted, which, ''with
malice toward none and charity for all," would
overcome the bitter animosities of the past and
make the Americans once more a united people.
And therefore it was that those words fell upon
the popular heart like a clear sunrise after a
long period of storm and anguish, warming it
with new hope and noble aspirations. There-
fore it was that they attracted to our cause
thousands and thousands of people who had
never belonged to our organization and whose
votes we could otherwise never have hoped for.
Am I not justified, then, in saying that the
bindingforce of that promise was increased by
value received in consideration thereof; value
received, if I may use that expression, in cash
down votes ? And in this light, that promise
stood before my eyes in our State convention,
when I saw it on the point of being dishonored
by all the appliances of political trickery.
Who will still pretend that the language I used
was too strong? Whatever others may think,
I considered it my duty to declare that- if there
were men unscrupulous enough to repudiate or
evade a faithful recognition of then- solemn
obligations, there were also men there resolved
to stand by their pledges to the last and at
every hazard, to talje their honor and that of
their party into their hands and to carry that
great pleasure of peace and reconciliation over
the heads of the tricksters. I thought it due
even to oar opponents th^t I should let them
knpw what the consequences would be if they
persisted in the iniquity.
But, before going further, I desire tp shovv
the Senate what the character of that system
of disfranchisement was upon the condemna-
tion qf which we insisted, and which our oppo-
nents by trickery and equivpeation strove to
preserve. I wish to call the special attention
of Senators to it; for this, too, will be a some-
what valuable and interesting contribution to
the history of our politics. I am sure but few
it' any members of this body know what dis-
franchisement iu Missouri really was ; and I
must confess that I myself never fully under-
stood it until many months after the election of
1808 I had occasion to investigate its working.
The constitution of Missouri, third section,
second article, disfranchised not only those
who had been in armed hostility to the United
States or the government of the State, but all
those who had ever by act or word shown sym-
pathy with therebellion, or with any one engaged
in exciting it or carrying it on, or had in other
terms indicated their disaffection to the Gov-
ernment of the United States in its contest
with rebellion, or had ever, except under over-
powering compulsion, submitted to the author- I
ity of the confederate States, &c.
This, it will be admitted, was rather sweep-
ing. Sympathy with persons engaged in " ex-
citing or carrying on rebellion" was some-
what calculated to cover a multitude ot' sin!}
not visible to the unpracticed eye. No citizen
could be registered as a voter unless he took a
solemn oath that he had carefully abstained
from all those things. But such oath was, ac-
cording to section five, article two, of the con-
stitution, not to be deemed conclusive evidence
of the right of a person to vote or to be regis-
tered. Such right might be disproved, and all
evidence for and against such right was to be
"heard and passed upon by the registering
officers, and not by the judges of election."
These registering officers, exercising a judi-
cial power over the right ot citizens to vote, thus
became persons of extraordinary importance.
A word about the machinery of which they
formed part. Under the law the Governor
appointed one supervisor of registration in each
senatorial district, thirty-four in all. These
supervisors of registration had the exclusive
power to appoint and to remove at pleasure
three registrars in each county, whose duty it
was to make a list of the qualified voters. These j
registrars had power to examine under oath
any person applying for registration as to his
qualifications, and also to " ascertain and dili-
gently to inquire that such person had not done
any of the acts specified in the constitution
as causes for disqualification," and if those
registrars " were satisfied in their own minds"
that such person was disqualified, they had
power to reject him, and they could do so
even without any testimony. To be sure, an
appeal from their decision was provided for
by law. On certain days preceding each gen-
eral election the supervisor and the three re-
gistrars of each county, or a majority of them,
were to meet as a board of appeals and revis-
!j ion at each county seat, with power "to pass
upon the claims of all persons who had been
unable to appear before the register of their
respective districts, and upon persons who con-
sidered that injustice had been done them by the
officers of registration refusing to record them
as voters ; also on further objections made to
persons who may have already been registered
as voters. They shall add to the list in each
election district the names of such persons as
they may consider legally entitled to registra-
tion, and shall strike therefrom such as they
shall consider improperly registered."
Such is the language of the layt. Thus it will
be seen that the appeal from the first decision
of the registering officers lay again to the same
registering officers. A.nd then these same regis-
tering officers had the power, as a board ,of
revision, to add to and strike from the list as
they might see fit, this time without any further
appeal. In fact the registrars evolved out of
their own inner consciousness other people's
right to vote. Yon will see, sir, that thus an
injmense and absolutely irresponsible power
was conferred upon these men, for they were
to construe, for their own guidance, the dis-
qualifying provisions of the Constitution to their
own satisfaction. What were these disqualify-
ing provisions? I have already mentioned some
of them. Sympathy, shown by word or act,
with the rebellion or with those engaged in
exciting it or carrying it on. What was that?
A man, a good Union man, had a son or a
brother or a causifl in the rebel army, carrying
on the rebellion, a not unfrequent case, where,
as in Missouri, families were divided against
themselves. Did he desire to see that son or
brother or cousin killed ? Probahly not. Did
he therefore sympathize with him? The regis-
tering officers were to determine that to th.eir
own satisfaction. "Sympathy with those ex-
citing rebellion." It was charged that the
Dempcratic party was exciting rebellion. Did
sympathy with Democrats constitute the dis-
qualifying crime ? The registrars might con-
strue it so, and there was no appeal from their
decision. And if they did, where was the limit
to arbitrary disfranchisement?
You might say that this is running things to
a fine point. But what was there to prevent
it? If the registering officers had in all cases
been high-minded, conscientious men, they
would have put a liberal construction upon the
law. But were they? Facts will tell. I know
of faithful and consistent Union men, unfor-
tunate enough to have had sons or relatives
who insisted upon joining the rebels._ They
endeavored to keep them back; but, striying in
vain to hold them, gave them a woolen shirt
or a pair of socks, and pot denying it, were
disfranchised forgiving aid and comfprt to the
enemy. Others expressed the wish tliat their
relatives in the rebel army would return home
safely, and were disfranchised for sympathiz-
ing with those engaged in rebellion. I know
of scores of men who served three or four years
in the Union Army, some having lost arms or
legs in the service, disfranchised for having
expressed sympathy with those exciting rebel-
lion, and having used the incriminated expres-
sions in some cases before they put on the blue
jacket, in others long after the war was over.
Nay, I know of the case of an old abolitionist
in Linn county, Missouri, who had made eman-
cipation speeches ill 1861 and all through the
war, and who was disfranchised in 1868 for hav-
ing made certain remarks in 1865 and I860 in
favor of the so-ealled peace policy then agitated
by some political leaders in .Missouri. ^
And these were no isolated cases. Their
number is legion. The fact is, that m a great
many counties in Missouri the registering offi-
cers acted under the influence of the Radical
candidates for office, and the question govern-
ing their action in a multitude of cases was
simply how many Opposition votes had to be
thrown out in order to insure the success ot
those candidates. And this cutting-off process
was not confined to Democrats; Republicans
of old standing were disqualified because they
were suspected of an intention to vote against
certain men running for office. The conse-
quence was that now and then Ihe Democrats
attempted and succeeded in buyingnpa super-
visor of registration, who, for value rooeived,
appointed registrars favorable to them, inesc
registrars then usually registered with an ex-
cessive liberality, in violation ot tae law justly
construed, and the successful candidates were
then kept out of office on account oft no .rauuu-
lout registration. . , -j
What, I sav here is not a mere surmise Uwe.\\
