1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
947
the sales the expenses of preparing and build-
ing upon the new site. It was a change of
location, and not the establishment of any addi-
tional navy-yard. In fact the question being
directly between League Island and New Lon-
don, the latter was rejected—the record will
bear me out—because, among other good rea-
sons against it, Congress was against the estab-
lishment of an additional navy-yard, and
League Island was adopted on the express
condition that it should take the place of the
present yard at Philadelphia, and because it
was found to be the most admirable selection
for a navy yard for the building and repair of
iron as well as wooden vessels. I know that the
gentleman representing the New London dis-
trict at that time (Mr. Brandegee) presented a
bill offering land tor the acceptance of the Gov-
ernment ; but the object was stated to be that it
was for the purpose of establishing a naval
rendezvous at New London. There was noth-
ing said about a navy-yard there. That was
admitted to be defeated, and no such pretense
being made, all opposition to it was withdrawn.
Whatever it was accepted for, that object, I
agree, should be carried out. If it was for a
naval rendezvous, I say let the appropriation
be made for that purpose.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] in his desire to do away with the
New York navy-yard and the Charlestown
navy-yard, and in his persistent efforts to pre-
vent the transfer of the navy-yard at Philadel-
phia, asks Congress to wait still longer before
we make an appropriation to carry out the
law in the case of League Island. We have
waited a year since his last speech on the sub-
ject, it appears, only to hear the same vehe-
ment appeals. In plain words, he wishes that
we shall not carry out the law until some of
these other propositions have succeeded which
he hopes some day will be enacted.
This is a just measure. It depends on its
own merits. It is not tacked, as has been
charged, upon any other proposition. It in-
volves no additional expense. Indeed, instead
of taking money out of the Treasury, except
temporarily, the sale of the present yard will
put enough money into it to pay the cost of the
new yard for five years to come. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts has never attempted
to contradict that fact. He assented to it
when the subject was heretofore under debate.
I have said this much in justice to the peo-
ple of Philadelphia, who cannot understand
this unreasonable opposition and delay; and as
the point is made that there is as yet no esti-
mate for the expense, I withdraw the amend-
ment, hoping its adoption in the miscellaneous
appropriation bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Mr. Chairman,
I cannot consent to sit here in silence aud
allow the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
place his own locality, so far as the good faith
of the Government is concerned, in any posi-
tion of preference over the locality which! rep-
resent. In the first place, this matter was fully
considered in Congress. It was fully consid-
ered by a special commission appointed by the
Secretary of the Navy. It was considered by
the Committee on Naval Affairs, one ot the
ablest committees we have ever had, in which
the State of Pennsylvania was represented as
two to one against the section which I repre-
sent. That committee, with two exceptions,
reported in favor of New London. The com-
mission in which Pennsylvania had two out of
the three men on that commission reported in
favor of New London. Those matters, after
long debate, came to the House for action.
There was action favorable to League Island,
by which the good faith of the Government,
as I have already stated, was pledged to make
a proper appropriation at the proper time for
that locality. I have not said it was the best
place, I have not said it was the worst place
in the world ; but I have said that the good
faith of the Government was pledged at the
proper time to make an appropriation for
League Island. I say also that by the terms
of an act of Congress passed at the same ses-
sion the Government was bound not only in
its legislative but in its executive and all other
departments, to make an appropriation at the
proper time for New London. And the Sec-
retary of the Navy, in the report which I hold
in my hand, as well as in his previous report,
says that the Government was bound in good
faith to New London to make an appropriation
for this object. The report of Secretary Welles
also contains this paragraph :
"Site on the Thames River for Naval Purposed.—In
my last annual report it was stated that a tract of
land having a water front of not less than a mile on
the Thames river, near New London, Connecticut,
had been selected for transfer to the United States,
under the provisions of a clause in the act making
appropriations forthenavalservice, approved March
2.1867. The deeds of the property were offered to the
Government by the Governor of Connecticut on the
22d of May, and after examination by the Attorney
General, as provided by law, were formally accepted
on the 27th of June, 1868.
"The act directing its acceptance provides that the
property shall' be held by the United States for naval
purposes,' and good faith requires that action should
be taken looking to its occupancy by some branch
of the service. An appropriation will be needed for
inclosing the land and for the care and preservation
of the buildings. Soon after the acceptance Commo-
dore T. A. Hunt was directed to take charge of the
property and see that no depredations were made
upon it, but for want of an appropriation nothing
further has been attempted."
More than that, Mr. Chairman, in the last
Congress the Committee on Appropriations,
through its chairman, the gentleman from
Illinois, (Mr. Washburne,) did report in the
sundry civil appropriation bill an appropriation
of $10,000 for the improvement of New Lon-
don, to make a survey and build a wharf, &c.
That report received the favorable action of
Congress. The appropriation was made and
part of it has been expended. This, therefore,
is no new question. The Government has
been committed to this project. It has made
an appropriation of $10,000 to make the pre-
liminary surveys, the same as at League Island.
I am not speaking now to antagonize any in-
terest. But I simply say this: that when the
proper bill comes before the House it will be
the duty of this Congress in good faith to do
what is respectable and honest in regard to
those projects.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Starkweather] having referred
to what has occurred ia the past makes it proper
for me, having been a member of the Naval
Committee at the time to which he refers, to
make a brief statement. What the getitleman
has stated as to the finding of the Naval Com-
mittee and of the commission is true.
Mr. WELKER. Allow me, as a question of
order, to inquire what is the question before
the committee; whether it is a controversy
between New London and League Island?
Mr. KELLEY. Not at all, as the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Welker] will see if he
will listen to me for a moment.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The object ia to
give the House a little information which it
very much needs.
Mr. KELLEY. In the subsequent consid-
eration of the case it was found that the offi-
cial survey and borings of League Island had
been partial, imperfect, and falsely reported.
Under official action surveyors were sent to
make an investigation of the character of the
island, and they have made a report which
justified the House and the Naval Committee
in changing their opinions and "action. Thus
much it was due should be said in connection
with what has been stated^by the gentleman
from Connecticut.
So far as the city of Philadelphia at this time
is concerned, it is anxious that the Govern-
ment should keep faith with it in removing
the old yard and making whatever naval ex-
penditures it makes at that station upon League
Island. The city of Philadelphia invested
5400,000 in this project at the suggestion of
the then Secretary of the Navy, League Isl&fiu
being pointed out as the most fitting place for
a fresh-water station, and it made that invest-
ment under the promise of the Government
that the smaller yard at Philadelphia, em-
bracing about twenty acres, should be removed;
for, while inadequate for the purposes of the
Government, it was large enough to obstruct
the growing commerce and business of Phila-
delphia. The act of February 18,1867, con-
tains the following clause:
Provided further, That if League Island be selected,
the navy-yard at Philadelphia shall be dispensed
with and disposed ot by the United Stated as soon as
the public convenience will permit.
Now we ask that Congress shall—I do not
think that this bill is the appropriate place for
it, but we ask that Congress shall in the appro-
priate bill—do that which the faith and credit
of the Government is pledged to do; that it
shall transfer at the earliest convenience of
the Government naval operations from the
present circumscribed yard to the new station
at League Island.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Chairman, I main-
tain in opposition to what my colleague [Mr.
Kelley] states, when he asserts that this is
not the appropriate place to make an appro-
priation to League Island, I maintain thai this
is the proper place to make an appropriation
to League Island if any appropriation is going
to be made. And I do not want that the chair-
man of this committee shall be allowed to
shuffle off the responsibility of not making an
appropriation in this bill by telling us that the
committee have not considered the subject,
and that they propose, perhaps, to consider it
in some other bill.
Now, in reference to the appropriation to
League Island, I maintain, sir, that League
Island does not require a dollar ultimately
from the Treasury of the Government to make
a naval station at that point. We simply
want, and I am willing that whenever an
appropriation is made for League Island it
shall be with that proviso, that when the old
site, the present navy-yard, shall be sold the
money realized therefrom shall be covered
into the Treasury in like amount as the ap-
propriation given for the transfer. I want to
know, therefore, whether the executive offi-
cers of the Government are responsible for
this neglect to take advantage of a gift valued
at §400.000, made by the city of Philadelphia
to the Government; whether that responsi-
bility rests with this House, or with a com-
mittee of this House, or whether it rests with
the Executive. I do not propose to be knocked
from pillar to post in this way. I want the
majority of this House to say distinctly what
they mean with reference to League Island.
It'you do not mean to do anything for League
Island be manly enough to say so. If New
England and the Des Moines rapids are to
absorb all the extra means of the Government
let us know it. But if, on the other hand, we
shall have to wait for a change of Adminis-
tration, which is rapidly coming upon us, then
I say to my people at home you shall have
the opportunity, provided no expenditure of
money is involved, of transferring_lhe navy-
yard from its present site, where it is a direct
injury to the city of Philadelphia, to the pro-
posed site at League Island.
message fftoji the president.
Here the committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the President, by Mr. Horace Pobteb,
one of his secreraries, announced that the
President had approved and signed the bill
(H. R. No. *2535) for the relief of Noah Fisher.
NAYAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. RANDALL. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
only wish to say further that it there were a
dollar proposed to bo appropriated for this
purpose out of the Treasury of the United
States I would, perhaps, myself falter in voting
it; but I maintain distinctly that this transfer
