122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
upon vague rumor. It is a matter of general
notoriety in Missouri, scarcely contradicted,
abd in many cases proven by official investi-
gation. To show the atrocity of the abuses
which had developed themselves under the
system of disfranchisement, you will permit
me to give the details of one case.
In 1868 there was appointed as supervisor
of registration for the ninth senatorial district
of Missouri, composed of the counties of Aud-
rain, Boone, and Calloway, an individual by
the name of Conklin. This Conklin had at
the same time secured for himself the Radical
nomination for the State senate. The district
was strongly Democratic, but Conklin was
determined to be elected, or rather to elect
himself, and he went about it in a business-
like way. As supervisor of registration he
had the power to appoint the registering offi-
cers for the three counties. He appointed a
set of men upon whom he believed he could
rely to do his bidding, and having the power
to keep or remove them, as he pleased, he
cracked his whip over them to his heart's con-
tent. His plan of operations was very simple.
He followed his registrars as they were making
the-list of voters from place to place, attended
nearly all their meetings, and controlled them
in all their actions. In this way he had, in the
first place, all the Democrats rejected against
whom,- by any possibility, the disfranchising
provisions of the constitution could be con-
strued. Heavy work was done, but his mind
was not relieved of doubt. He was so thor-
oughly despised by a great many Republicans
that he thought it best to have a good many
of them cut off by the board of review. Thus
a number of Union officers and soldiers, and
other citizens of high respectability,who would
have voted for Grant and Colfax but not for
Conklin, were disfranchised for disloyalty.
But even this did not relieve him of doubt.
He hit upon a most ingenious expedient, and
that was simply to disqualify his competitors.
Shortly before the day of election he had the
candidate who was nominated against him
Struck off', late enough, as he thought, to ren-
der another nomination impossible. The name
of this decapitated opponent was David H.
Hickman, a gentleman of great moral worth,
an unflinching Union man during the war, and
formerly a member of the Legislature. But
Conklin did not feel quite safe yet; and so
he had also the only man cut off who, as he
suspected, was likely, if there was still time,
to be nominated in Hickman's place—a Dr.
Hunter, also a Union man.
But, wonderful as it may seem, fortune did
notsmile upon the intrepid Conklin. The Dem-
ocratic committee nominated at the eleventh
hour Hon. James S. Rollins. My colleague
knows him well; he is the same who in 1857
was a candidate for Governor in Missouri,
when my colleague refused to vote for him on
the ground that his election would be danger-
ous to the institution of slavery iri Missouri;
he is the same who as a member of Congress
voted for the constitutional amendment abol-
ishing slavery. Well, Mr. Rollins was put in
nomination, while he was absent from home,
without his knowledge and consent. And Mr.
Rollins assures me that to his certain knowl-
edge Conklin would have disqualified him, too,
had he not relied upon his previous declara-
tion that he would not be a candidate. But
Mr. Rollins, returning home on the day before
election, reconsidered that declaration, and
Conklin, who in the mean time had thoroughly
disgusted every decent man, was defeated by
a respectable majority. Still he had the im-
pudence to contest Mr. Rollins's seat, but was
sent home by a unanimous vote of the senate.
The record of that contest, containing the
sworn testimony, which proves the facts I have
stated, I have in my possession,
But there the story does not end yet, You
will admit that in this transaction Conklin had
proved himself a thorough villain. His first
appointment as supervisor of registration by
Governor Fletcher may be excused on the
ground that the Governor did not know him.
But now Conklin had made a public record
of irrepressible rascality, and yet in spite of
the remonstrances of several Republican mem-
bers of the Legislature, Governor McClurg, the
same gentleman whom we defeated at the late
State election, reappointed him to the same
place, possibly to do the same sort of work.
But this time Conklin acted under the impulse
of different motives. When he was a candidate
himself and determined to elect himself, in a
senatorial district containing about nine thou-
sand males over the age of twenty-one years,
he registered them down to sixteen hundred
and twenty-one. But this year the same Conk-
lin registered in the same district fifty-nine hun-
dred and ninety-three legally qualified voters.
Whence the discrepancy? There were about
twelve hundred colored voters in the district,
swelling the number of legal voters to that ex-
tent. But, then, there is still a difference of
thirty-one hundred and seventy-two to be ac-
counted for; thirty one hundred and seventy-
two over and above the number registered two
years ago. The increase did not result from
immigration, for in those counties immigration
was notoriously inconsiderable. No aside from
other influences that may have been brought to
bear upon him, Conklin was this time not a can-
didate himself, and, as I heard him declare in
a speech, he made it a special object to defeat
the Liberal Republican candidate for Congress,
Colonel Dyer. And so he registered " liber-
ally" against him.
And now, sir, what does this prove? Simply
this: that under such a system the right of cit-
izens to vote was completely at the mercy of
any villain who might happen to be appointed
a registration officer, and there was no remedy
against the grossest of outrages. But the case
was, if possible, even worse than that.
Permit me to give you another instance. In
1868 there were in Buchanan county, Missouri,
4,621 persons registered as qualified voters.
Before the board of review met over one thou-
sand affidavits were filed with the members of
that board against persons who had taken the
prescribed oath and had therefore been regis-
tered, and who were afterwards to be disfran-
chised. When the board of appeals and review
met hundreds of them besieged the door of their
meeting place. But the proceedings of that
board, limited by law to a very few days, were
remarkably slow. About three hundred cases
were considered—about forty favorably, the
othersunfavorably; theboard closed their doors
in the faces of the rejected citizens, and the
rest of the one thousand who had not been
heard were simply disfranchised. On what
ground was this done? On the ground that the
registration of those individuals had been ob-
jected to by somebody. By whom they were
objected to they were never informed. They
simply learned that affidavits had been filed
against them. Neither was their demand to
have the affidavits produced complied with.
They obtained only a general intimation of the
charges against them, and were required to
prove their loyalty; and the board of review
not sitting long enough to hear even one third
of them, they were simply disfranchised, for
the registering officers were sufficiently satisfied
that they ought not to vote.
Time has shed a little more light upon those
proceedings also. It turns out that over five
hundred of those secret affidavits, on theground
of which so many citizens were deprived of
their right to vote, had been manufactured by
and under the direction of one man, one James
Beach, living at St. Joseph, Missouri, an em-
ploys of insurance companies, who was at differ-
ent times prosecuted for embezzlement. The
hundreds of affidavits of this individual were
for a long time kept a profound secret among
the official records of the registering officers,
But some of them have found their way to
other people's eyes, and it will edify you to
know, sir, that hundreds of men were deprived
of their suffrage for no other reason but that
such a disreputable individual, of whom the
most respectable Republicans of St. Joseph
assured me that they would not believe him
under oath, objected to them simply on the
ground,"as the affidavits read, "that the person
mentioned in the affidavit has the reputation
of being disloyal or of being a rebel sympa-
thizer." It is also instructive toknow that the
same man importuned the Representative in
Congress of that district to obtain for him the
post office at St. Joseph, urging as his peculiar
claim to reward that he had disfranchised so
many hundreds of individuals ; an application
which was properly rejected.
I might go on for some time yet, giving you
further detail of an equally interesting charac-
ter. But it is enough. Last summer 1 listened
to the burning eloquence of the Senator from
New York, denouncing the election frauds com-
mitted in the metropolis of his State. His
denunciations were not too severe. But he will
agree with me when I say that it matters little
whether the frauds be committed by stuffing
illegal votes into the ballot-box, or stealing
legal votes out of it under color of law. I feel
much freer to-day to hurl denunciations against
the Democratic repeaters of New York and
Philadelphia, after having struck an honest
and decisive blow against a similar abomina-
tion in Missouri, where it disgraced my own
party.
I call it an abomination, sir, as it had
developed itself. I will not impeach the mo-
tives of those who first introduced disfran-
chisement. They certainly did not foresee
the disgusting abuses that would grow out of
it. But as it had developed itself the system
amounted to this : the Governor selected and
appointed the supervisors of registration; the
supervisors appointed the registering officers,
subject to removal at their pleasure, and there-
foie under their control; and the registering
officers, under a constitutional provision open
to the most arbitrary construction, and being
judges on all appeals against themselves, vir-
tually appointed the voters. With such a
machinery carefully made up, an unscrupulous
man in the executive office, choosing instru-
ments equally unscrupulous, might not only
maintain himself in power against any oppo-
nent, but he might have a Legislature elected
to carry out his will. And even with an honest
Governor at the head of the system the highest
right of the citizen was completely at the mercy
of any set of registration officers, who might
combine their interests with those of candidates
for office. Call such a system whatever you
will, but call it not republican government.
Let such a system be defended by whosoever
may do it, but let it not be the Republican
party that mourns over its downfall.
Well, sir, it was this system, demonstrating
itself in its workings as the very incarnation of
arbitrary party despotism, as the very nursery
of fraud, and the most scandalous political
demoralization; this system which, however
good the intentions of its originators may have
been, was bound in time to stifle all sense of
honor, shame, and decency in any party sup-
porting it, and to hand that party over as a
mere engine of corruption and tyranny to the
most unscrupulous of political schemers; it was
this system which the wire-pullers and spoilsmen
in our State convention attempted to shield by
a dishonest equivocation.
I ask you, sir, in the face of these glaring
facts, whatgood American, bearing the faintest
love to the purity of democratic institutions,
what honest Republican caring ia tlie least for
the honor and good faith of his party, could
have hesitated to condemn it in the strongest
language, and not only to advise but to implore
the people to relieve themselves of the dis-
grace ? Who could have stooped to a declara-
tto? ,0' neutrality on such a question, a dodge
which was avowedly devised us a hint in favor
of the continuation of the system'?
The voce was taken, Our resolution, pro*
