948
Tflft CONGMSIOHM, #XXm
February 3,
from one site to another will not cost the Gov-
ernment a cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. MYERS. I renew the amendment. I
desire to tell my colleague [Mr. Randall]
where the responsibility rests in this, matter.
The Secretary of the Navy last session asked
Congress to pass a bill for the sale of the old
yard at Philadelphia. It was not needed in
order to have an appropriation; but inasmuch
as the former law directed that it should be
sold and dispensed with as soon as possible,
it was thought better to sell without delay suffi-
cient of the ground to cover the immediate
expenses of preparing the new site. The Sec-
retary of the Navy, in his report this year,
says:
"I have not repeated at length many of the im-
portant suggestions and recommendations for the
improvement of the Navy which I felt it my duty to
make last year; but those recommendations still
remain, and X beg to refer to and again press them,
as Suggestive of much that is needednot only for the
efiioieaey of the naval service, but for the honor,
safety, and welfare of the country"
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, but he failed to put
in an estimate.
Mr. MYERS. The present Secretary, inhfs
first annual report to Congress, urged the ne-
cessity of this work, as several of his prede-
cessors had done. He also prepared the bill
I spoke of for the sale of the old yard; bat,
under the leadership of the chairman' of the
Committee on Appropriations, that bill was
defeated, some members taking the position
that it was not needed, as in fact it was not,
in order to an appropriation. If the Navy
Department has failed to make an estimate it
is largely because, under the leadership'of the
chairman of the Committee of Appropriations,
such determined opposition was made by his
committee, not only to this just measure, but
to the expenditures generally of the Navy.
An estimate, I know, .was prepared by the
proper officers of that Department. I have no
doubt the Secretary of the Navy will promptly
send in this estimate now, for the discussion
shows it to be most important. I have already
called attention to the fact that this committee,
early in the last session of Congress, before
Christmas, had an appropriation of $200,000
for the Des Moines rapids passed, and this
Session, immediately after the holidays came,
an appropriation of over three hundred thou-
sand dollars for these same rapids; yet the
section I represent, it seems, cannot obtain
the simplest justice at its hands; and we all
know how difficult it is to contend against the
majority of a committee. The appropriation
we ask is as much in pursuance of law as were
those I have referred to, and we shall yet test
the sense of the House whether this gross
injustice shall be continued, a wrong uninten-
tionally inflicted, and by a small majority,
under the exciting and in this instance mis-
taken cry of "economy."
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Chairman, I think the
members of this House understand fully the
merits of this League Island question.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
rise to oppose the amendment of his colleague,
[Mr. Myf.rs?]
Mr. MYERS. I will withdraw my amend-
ment and give my colleague [Mr. O'Neill] an
opportunity to renew it.
Mr. O'NEILL. I renewthe amendment of
my colleague, for the purpose of saying that I
think members of this House understand fully
the merits of the League Island question. As
I understood the position taken at the last ses-
sion of Congress by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,] he
did not then oppose the establishment of a
navy-yard at that place on an appropriation
for that purpose per sa, but his objection to
such an appropriation was simply that we must
carry oil the Government in an economical
manner. Now, I do sot mean to put upon the
Secretary of the Navy the responsibility of any
failure to bring this question before the commit-
tee. But I want to say that I think the proper
tuae for. success, is when the opportunity oo-
cotg. And when will there be an opportunity ?
When will the' committee present a report for
aft appropriation for this great nationat work ?
We have been postponed in regard to this
matter year after year. We finally succeeded
in, getting a bill passed which made itobliga-
tory. upon Congress, by law, to commence the
establishment of a navy-yard at League Island.
And Congress ought to have followed that suo-
eess by an appropriation for that purpose. It
has already been made a naval station. I think
the late Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Welles,
established a naval station there, and to it
have been brought many of the monitors and
iron-"clads for preservation in its surrounding
fresh- waters, and the whole country has long
known that in the opinion of this Government
it is the best locality where Such vessels can
be bailt and repaired, and when not in service
laid ap in safety and security.
Now, under the pretense that there may be
a consolidation of the navy-yards of the United
States, or, in other words, that the Brooklyn
and Charlestown and some other navy-yards
may be abolished, and that then would be the
proper time to go on with this great Work, I
have no idea of submitting to being put off by
mere promises, which are made to us but are
not kept.
Sir, I think the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,] and the
other gentlemen of that committee should have
examined this subject early in the session, and
sought the views of the Navy Department. If
the Secretary of the Navy made no suggestion
to the committee, the suggestion was one that
could easily have come to them itself. They
should have incorporated in this bill an appro-
priation to commence this work. All of them
know that they have been urged almost from
day to day, during this session, to report an
appropriation, and if the only excuse for delay
is that they want estimates, let them say so
and give us the promise of yet an early con-
sideration, and a report, so that favorable
action may be taken before the expiration of
this Congress.
As my colleague from the first district of
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] has said, this
work will cost the Government absolutely
nothing, because the ground upo® which the
present navy-yard at Philadelphia now stands
is worth a large sum of money; I assert at
the lowest estimate from three to four million
dollars. And the only absolute appropria-
tion would probably be the first one, so that
its establishment and progress might go on
until portions of the old yard can be sold,
and the proceeds of the sales as they are made
devoted to the completion of this great naval
station. But it is necessary that an appro-
priation should be made. It was only in that
view of the case that my colleagues and myself
at the last session of Congress pressed upon
the House the necessity of beginning by mak-
ing an appropriation, as the Government would
only be at the expense of waiting for returns
from the sale of the old yard. To be sure the
committee should have estimates. There is
no desire to proceed in an irregular manner ;
but these estimates can be furnished in a short
time. Then we can have action, because we
will have official information, and the argument
of no such information would fall to theground.
Of course the Committee on Appropriations
will not decline to Bring the subject up in some
other appropriation bill soon to be reported.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This
question was all gone over at the last session
of Congress, and fully discussed; and Con-
gress by a very decided vote declared that it
was inexpedient to make the appropriation at
that time.
Mr. O'NEILL. By a very small majority.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I do
no« care ab the present time to enter into a
"discussion of'the merits of this question." I
went into it to some extent at the last session.
Mr. O'NEILL. We do not propose to go
into the merits of the question of the location
of a navy-yard at League Island. But we do
propose to go into the merits of carrying out
the law of the land and making an appropri-
ation for a work authorized by law.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This
matter has all been gone over and the senti-
ment of this House expressed upon the pro-
priety of making an appropriation at the pres-
ent time for the purpose of building a navy-
yard at League Island. I do not propose now
to go on with that discussion.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Cer-
tainly.
Mr. RANDALL. I want to know of the
gentleman whether any estimate, either last
year or this year, has reached the Committee
on Appropriations asking for an appropriation
for League Island ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Iam not
aware that any has been submitted at this ses-
sion of Congress.
Mr. RAN DALL. Or at the last session ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Iamnot
certain. I think there was.
Mr. DICKEY. The Secretary of the Navy
made a special recommendation on this subject
at the last session.
Mr. RANDALL. It was subsequently with-
drawn, as I am informed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I desire to read
what is-said in reference to League Island and
New London in the report of the Secretary of
the Navy of December, 1869, and also the re-
port of December, 1870. In the former report
he says:
"New London.—Eighty-three acresof land on the
Thames river, near New London, were some time
since given by the State of Connecticut, and ac-
cepted by the Government, with a view to the estab-
lishment of a naval station at that place.
"In conformity with this understanding, the De-
partment has placed a proper naval officer in com-
mand there; but it is able to do nothing toward
actually establishing the new station without an
appropriation for that purpose.
" The land referred to is well situated on the bank
of the Thames river. It is favorable in its general
character for the object designed, and it has a water
front of fifty-two hundred and eighty feet, running
back from the river six hundred feet, and a depth
of water in the channel of over thirty feet.
" It is situated in the midst of an industrious com-
munity, whose labor is skillful and eheap,and on a
fine harbor easily accessible in all weathers and
from almost every point.
" This land was, as I have said, given and received
for the purposes of a new naval establishment, and
in this spirit the Department presents it for the
consideration of Congress and such appropriation
as present circumstances may warrant."
In the report presented at the opening of the
present session the Secretary of the Navy uses
the following language:
"I would also again press the suggestions made
last year in regard to the importance of removing
pur large working yards from their present situation
in the midst of populous and growing cities; and
call attentipn again to the necessities of the service
and the obligations of the Government in regard to
tho League Island portion of the Philadelphia sta-
tion, and to that at New London."
There were no estimates sent in ; but esti-
mates were prepared by the Secretary of the
Navy to the amount of $600,000 for League
Island and $250,000 for New London.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I know
all about that.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. O'NEILL. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Bureau of Yards and Docks:
For civil establishment at the navy-yard, Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire: for draughtsman and elerk
to civil engineer, at $1,400 each; for clerk of pay-
rolls and mustering elerk, $1,500; for receiver and
inspector of stores, $1,500; for writer to receiver and
inspector of stores, $1,000; for chief accountant,
#1,800; clerk to chief accountant, $1,200; for gate-
keeper and detective, $1,000; and for messenger at
commandant's offlec, $609; making, in all, $11,400.
