1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
nouncing for the adoption of the constitutional
amendment abolishing disfranchisement, was
voted down ;_ the substitute was adopted, and
the proscriptionists and spoilsmen had carried
their point in the convention. Then we went
out; then we adopted a platform which did
justice to the feelings of honest men and faith-
ful Republicans, and upon that platform we
nominated Hon. B. Gratz Brown, one of the
oldest and most consistent a«ti-slavery men of
Missouri, as our candidate for the Governor-
ship. And I affirm that in leaving that body
we carried the honor, the good faith, the true
principles, and the true banner of the Repub-
lican party with us.
This, sir, is the history of the party division
in Missouri; and it is for this that those who
acted as I did have been denounced as traitors
to the Republican cause.
Here I desire to notice an impression, which
was spread abroad by public speakers and news-
papeis advocating a high protective tariff, that
the so-called "bolt" in Missouri was nothing
but the upshot of a conspiracy formed at Wash-
ington last winter by advocates of revenue
reform. I had as much to do with the division
in Missouri and the movements which pre-
ceded it as any man. I know every detail of
its history. Whatever meetings of revenue
reformers may have taken place at Washing-
ton, I not only did not participate in them, but
no plan that couid possibly have been formed
there had the least influence upon my action
in the Missouri convention. My coileague, in
the speech he has distributed among Senators,
arraigns me as the leader of the "bolt." I take
my full share of the responsibility for it—the
whole, if you please—and I pronounce the
statement, that the "bolt" had anything to do
with any such conspiracy of revenue reformers
formed at Washington or anywhere else, un-
qualifiedly and absolutely false. While my
convictions, conscientiously formed, lead me
to oppose the protective system, 1 know that
the tariff question was not the one which pro-
duced the division of the Republican party in
my State. While it is unquestionably true that
the Republicans with whom I acted readily
indorsed the anti protective tariff resolution
in our platform, it is also true that no discus-
sion of the tariff question occurred in the con-
vention at all before we left it. In fact, a reso-
lution on that subject, drawn by myself, and
identical in spirit with the revenue-reform plank
of our platform, was unanimously reported by
the committee on resolutions and adopted by
the rump convention after we had left it. An-
other resolution, intended to favor protection,
was adopted also, and we enjoyed the rare spec-
tacle of seeing m the McClurg platform the
two hostile sisters, revenue reform and pro-
tective tariff, peaceably standing side by side,
the most accommodating assortment of prin-
ciples heard of in the history of political par-
ties. I make this statement iu order to p&ce
the real cause of our party division in its true
light-
At the same time I give it as my opinion
that, had piotection or anti-protection been
the only question before the people of Mis-
souri, unincumbered by any other issue, the
majority against protection would in all prob-
ability have been nearer one hundred thousand
than forty thousand. A close examination of
the vote on candidates for Congress would bear
me out. The question was indeed discussed,
but it was not overshadowing the main issue.
No, sir; the party division in Missouri was
not the result of a plot formed at Washington
or anywhere else. Its cause appeared on the
very face of our action. It was nothing more
and nothing less than the spontaneous outburst
of the honest feelings of men who wanted to
relieve the people of a great wrong and them-
selves and their party of the disgrace of a fla-
grant public scandal. The motive-power was
the impulse of duty.
But it has been said that ws might have per-
formed that duty in another way. My coileague,
in the speech I have referred to, states that the
question might have beenreferred to the Legis-
lature,which, in 1871, would have had power
to abolish disfranchisement. But how refer it?
Was not the constitutional amendment before
the people demanding an answer, "ay" or
" no," and should we say "no," and first defeat
the constitutional amendment in order to refer
the matter from the people to the pleasure of a
majority in the Legislature? Would not that
have been absurd? But my colleague himself
in his speeches avowed the reason why he de-
sired that reference to the Legislature. It was
that he wanted to preserve at least part of the
system which our consciences condemned, and
we were not foolish enough to fall into his trap.
And, besides, would that have preserved the
unity of the party? Itwould simply have trans-
ferred the struggle to the legislative districts,
ranging the Republicans for disfranchisement
on one side and the Republicans hostile to dis-
franchisement on the other.
But might we not have submitted to the ac-
tion of the convention and fought for enfran-
chisement just as well? Had we done that,
what then? We might indeed have been at
liberty to pronounce individually against dis-
franchisement. But their victory in the con-
vention would have inspired the friends of the
obnoxious system with new courage and de-
termination. Every nook and corner of the
State would have rung with abitter fight against
the constitutional amendment; its enemies
would have strained every nerve and organized
a registration more arbitrary than ever to de-
feat it; all the scandals of former elections
would have repeated themselves. But, as it
was, the mere act of our leaving the conven-
tion, showing our determined earnestness,
already decided the contest. A popular upris-
ing took place, before which even the bitterest
enemies of enfranchisement finally yielded their
opposition. When the matter was already vir-
tually decided, the none by one they dropped;
and at last, not many days before the elec-
tion, even Governor McClurg himself, the very
standard-bearer and candidate of the proscrip-
tionists, withdrew his hostility to the consti-
tutional amendment, and announced that he
would consent to anything if the people would
let him only be Governor once more. With-
out the division this could never have been
accomplished. Just the reverse would have
taken place. They struggled against enfran-
chisement as long as they thought to have a
chance ; they struck their flag when the fight
was virtually decided. That is the whole story.
But the significance of our action went fur-
ther. When a party once falls under the con-
trol of that class of spoilsmen and wire-pullers
who in Missouri had arrayed themselves in
defense of the disfranchising system, and were
ready to sacrifice all higher considerations for
their personal advantage, that party stands
in eminent need of purification. Then it be-
comes necessary to demonstrate by tangible
facts that the control of the organization by
such elements can and will not be tolerated ;
and if the administering of such a lesson was
ever indispensable it was so in Missouri.
Had we submitted, in spite of all that had hap-
pened, it would have been a surrender to the
most unscrupulous elements in the party, and
there would have been no check to its demor-
alizing influences save another insurrection.
Thus, from whatever point of view you may
look at the circumstances surrounding us, the
step we took was the only honorable, the only
dignified, the only efficient one left to us. It
was a moral necessity.
A bold and unusual movement like ours could
not be expected to escape acrimonious criticism
and misrepresentation. But it was a some-
what curious spectacle to me to see my col-
league take the lead in personal attack, and to
direct his most pointed shafts against myself
and against the Germans generally. He treated
the case as a sort of criminal prosecution,
putting the most singular pieces of evidence
together to prove a deep-laid plot against the
Republican party and all the good things that
party had ever achieved. If I refer to this at
all, sir, it is not for the purpose of defending
myself, but for the purpose of showing the
Senate what kind of capital our traducers were
working on. It was the comical intermezzo of
a serious drama. In a speech which iny col-
league made at Hannibal early in the cam-
paign, and which he subsequently repeated on
every possible occasion except one, which one
he will certainly remember, he tried to convict
me of having meditated treason to the Repub-
lican party long ago by the following piece of
history. He said:
"I have here, too, a thing -which I have carried in
my pocket-book now for some twenty months, know-
ing perfectly well when I put it there that the time
would come when the explanation of itwould appear.
I cut it from the New York Tribune of the 27th of
February, 1869. It gives an account of the present-
ation to General Schukz in New York of an address
in German beautifully engrossed on parchment. A
copy of the address is published, but that is not a
matter of any interest here. But there is giyen a
statement of General Schukz's response to the pres-
entation of this address, and I read it in the lan-
guage of the report in the Tribune, which I have
reason to believe is correct:
"'Mr. Schurz responded in a few words, stating
that if he was considered the representative of tjer-
man-Americans it was no merit of his own, but all
had contributed toward this result, the citizen by his
voice and the soldier on the field of battle. He was,
perhaps, the least enthusiastic of all about his elec-
tion to the United States Senato. because of the high
idea lie entertained of the importance of the position
to which he had been called. If in the future new
ties would have to be formed, and he should arrive
at different conclusions from those held by the ones
who had now addressed him, they might neverthe-
less rest assured that aconsoientious conviction alone
had guided him.'
" There, gentlemen, in February, 1SG9, just before
he took his seat in the Senate of the United States,
to which the great-hoartedness of Missouri had con-
fidingly elected him, you see the foreshadowing of
the purpose m the futuro to form new ties different
from those that connected him with those who pre-
sented him that address that night."
Well, sir, this is a grave thing. It must
have been difficult for my colleague to overcome
the kind collegiality of his feelings toward me
when he carefully cut out that damning piece
of evidence, with a certainty to use it someday
as proof of my treachery to my party. But I
ask you, sir, to imagine my situation. Oh, if
I had known when in the mean time I held
sweet and pleasant eonverse with my colleague,
and he was making me glad with his winning
smiles, that in his bosom he was carrying some-
thing far more dangerous than a loaded pistol—
a loaded pocket-book ; something like a paper
torpedo, ready at any moment to vomit forth
destruction upon me—had I known that, what
would my feelings have been! Imagine it, sir,
as, I can well imagine how carefully my col-
league kept that trusty weapon in his pocket-
book for twenty long months, and how, when
the great moment had finally come, he went
to the President, and, with sorrow and anguish
in his eye, performed the most painful duty of
unfolding to the Executive this in ost con elusive
proof of my long-plotted and deliberate crime I
Ay, sir, what would my feelings have been had
I known that I
But what would my colleague's feelings have
been had he known that the precious paper
torpedo in his pocket-book, so carefully picked
up and so lovingly preserved, was nothing but
a weapon loaded with sawdust after all; that
it was a speech addressed in German to a Ger-
man audience, and reported in English ; that I
had never spoken of new ties to be formed ;
but at most of new questions, new issues to
arise, and that a mere mistake of a reporter, or
of a type-setter, making "ties" out of" issues,"
was at the bottom of that dark and infamous
plot to overthrow the Republican party ?
Of course my colleague did not think of look-
ing into other newspapers for a confirmation of
the harrowing intelligence. Had he done so
he would have found that same speech in the
New York Herald reported as follows :
" General Srni:i;z responded briefly,, thanking
the committee for the honor they had oon.crreu upon
hun, and assuring.them that, no matter what uusot
be tao change in the political nrmuihom, his country"
