1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
949
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "dollars," in line thirty-
four of the paragraph just read, the following:
Ten thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to be used in opening and working
tlie grantite quarry at the Portsmouth navy-yard.
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment be-
cause my attention has been drawn to the
/uestion 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Chairman,is this amendment in order?
 Mr. STEVENS. I presume there is no ques-
tion about that.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I make
the point of order that the amendment i£ not
in pursuance of existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules thatihe
amendment is in order, being an appropriation
for the Portsmouth navy-yard, for which other
appropriations are made in this paragraph.
Mr. STEVENS. As I was saying, my atten-
tion has been drawn to this subject by a let-
ter from a very respectable gentleman con-
nected with the service at the navy-yard at
Kittery. I understand that there is at> that
place a valuable granite quarry not yet opened,
or at least not much worked or improved. I
have no special facts to lay before the com -
mittee as to the value of that quarry ; but the
general'statement in the communication which
I have received is, that the products of the
quarry promise to be valuable both as to qual-
ity and quantity. While I propose to place
the disbursement of this appropriation within
the discretion of the Navy Department, I hope
the committee will at least vote so much as
may be necessary to open and improve this
quarry. The gentleman who has written to
me on the subject, and who is connected with
the service there, says that the quarry could
be used to great advantage in connection with
tiie yard, and that it would undoubtedly be a
matter of profit to the Government to open
and work this quarry. • He informs me that
the undertaking has the sanction of the civil
engineer at that place, and also of other gen-
tlemen who are familiar with the location and
the wants of the service. The attention of the
Navy Department has not, so far as I am
aware, been called to this matter; but it is
one peculiarly open to the observation of the
c^vil officers to whom I have referred, and
upon their recommendation I urge this amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I rise to
oppose the amendment. It is simply a prop-
osition for the Government to go into the
granite business.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. We are
not quite ready to go into that business. I
understand that this granite is within the lim-
its of the yard.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I can say
there is plenty of granite outside of that navy-
yard. There is plenty of granite in his own
State as well as in the State of Maine. If this
wer<e the only granite in the world there would
perhaps be some reason for the gentleman's
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I am surprised that thegen-
tleman refecs to the White mountains as the
source of granite for the navy-yard. I hope
he will pay a visit to that State and get its
topography in his mind better than he seems
to have done.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Bureau of Yards and Docks: , ,
For civil establishment at the navy-yard, Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire: for draughtsman and elerk
to civil engineer, at 41400-eaab; for clerk of pay-
rolls and mustering clerk, $1,5Q0; for receive and
insoeotor of stores, 11.500; .for writer to receiver
knd inspector of stores, $1,000; for ebieTaccountant,
SI 800- clerk to chiet accountant, $1,260; for gate-
keeper and dcteoUvo.JH.000i ami lor messenger at
opipmand&nt's otfiee, $600; making, m all,$11,400.
Mr. WASffBWN, of Wisconsin. J movg
toitflJkB«iut"JPort6 outh, Jifew HampstiirV' *
and in lieu thereof to insert "Kittery, Maine,"
which is the proper geographical designation.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to say, Mr. Chairman,
that sometimes in our appropriation bills this
has been called the Portsmouth navy-yard. It
is opposite the eity of Portsmouth, and in the
harhor .of Portsmouth, but the territory is in
the State of Maine, in the town of Kittery. In
the appropriation bills passed during the last
few years this error has been corrected. The
proper designation was made in the bill last
year.
Mr. DICKEY. It does not matter what yoa
call it, all this money will be drawn from the
Treasury.
Mr. LYNCH. This navy-yard is at Kittery,
ia Maine, and it should be called the Kittery
navy-yard, and not after Portsmouth, from
which it is a mile distant.
Mr. PETERS. The only difference is that
the sgilors go over to Portsmouth to buy their
rum. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I have no doubt those who
receive the money under this appropriation
are not very particular as to whether it is called
the Kittery navy-yard or the Portsmouth tiavy-
yard.
Mr. PETERS. New Hampshire gets all the
loose change. [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
in the thirty-first and thirty-second lines to
strike out the words ''clerk to chief account-
ant, $1,200," and to reduce the appropriation
from " $11,400" to " $10,200."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
At thenavy-yard, Boston, Massachusetts: for assist-
ant to civil engineer, $1,500: for draughtsman and
clerk to civil engineer, at §1,400 each; for clerk of
pay-rolls and mustering clerk, £1,500; for receiver
and inspector of stores, S1.5U0: for writer to receiver
and inspector of stores, §1.000; for writer to com-
mandant, $1,080; for chief accountant, $1,800 ; for
gate-keeper and detective, $-1,000; and for messen-
ger for commandant's office, gGOO; in all, $12,700."
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise for the purpose
of asking a question of the gentleman who
has charge of this bill. This appropriation is
for the navy-yard at Boston, Massachusetts,
while the one following it is for the navy-yard
at New York city. Now, is not one really at
Charlestown, and the other at Brooklyn ; and
as we have made the correction in the case of.
the Kittery navy-yard, ought not these navy-
yards to be recognized as at Charlestown and
at Brooklyn? 1 move, in this paragraph, to
substitute "Charlestown" for "Boston."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Thatsnb-
stitution ought to" be made.
Mr. PLATT. The navy-yard in Virginia is
called the Norfolk navy-yard although it is
really at Gosport. These navy-yards are all
so called, as I understand, because such are
their legal designations. If that be so, I do not
think we should hastily make these changes.
Mr. DICKEY. It is perfectly immaterial
what they are called; we shall have no diffi-
culty in spending the money.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
At the navy-yard. New York city: for assistan t to
civil engineer, $1,500; for draughtsman and clerk to
civil engineer, at S1.400 each; for receiver and in-
spector of stores, SI,500; for clerk of pay-rolls and
mustering clerk, $1.500; for writer to commandant,
$1,808; for chief accountant,-$1,800; for gate-keeper
and detective, fl.OOO; for rn.iil-e.mier, $900; and for
messenger for commandant's office, souO; 1:1 all,
$12,600.
• Mr. McCQRMlCK, of Missouri. I move
to strike out the words "for mail-carrier,
$900." I offer this amendment, believing the
expenditure to be unnecessary, there being a
sufficient appropriation for messengers. At
none of the navy-yards in the United States is
this expenditure provided for, except at Wash-
ington and at New York, while at all of .them
I believe there is a provision for messengers,
which would be ample for mail-carrving pur-
poses.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I oppose
the amendment, and ask a vote.
The question being taken on the aiaendweBt
of Mr. McCormsck, of Missouri, it was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
the following amendment:
In line forty-eight strike out the word " city" And
insert, after the word " yard," the word *' Brook-
lyn so th at it will read: "at the navy-yard, Brook-
lyn, New York."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
Atthe navy-yard, Norfolk, Virginia: for draughts-
man and clerk to civil engineer, at $1,400 each; for
receiver and inspector of stores, $1,500: for clerk of
pay-rolls and mustering clerk, $1,500; for gate-
keeper and detective, 81.000; and for messenger for
commandant's office, $600; in all, $7,400.
Mr. PLATT. I move the following amend-
ment:
In line eighty-two, after the word " dollars" insert
"for chief accountant, £1,800."
Mr. Chairman, it will be perceived, on an
examination of this bill, that an appropriation
is made for a chief accountant at every navy-
yard in the United States except the*navy-yard
at Norfolk. It will be remembered by gentle-
men who recollect the circumstances attend-
ing the discussion of the naval appropriation
bill last session, that at the suggestion and on
the motion of the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Archer] the appropriations for these
officers at all the navy-yards were stricken out,
but that when the bill reached the Senate, on
representations being made there as to the
necessity for these officers, the appropriations
were replaced for every navy-yard except the
Norfolk yard. The reason why it was not re-
stored in the case of that yard was that both the
Senators from Virginia happened to be absent
at the time the consideration of the bill cam®
up; and, as often happened during the five or
six years that we were not represented, there
was no one there to look after our interests. I
ask that this shall be done in justice to the Nor-
folk yard, at-which I believe more business is
being done than at my of the other yards, for
which appropriations for this purpose are
allowed by the bill. At the Washington yard,
where not one half the amount of work is done,
there is allowed not only a " chief accountant,"
but a " clerk to the chief accountaut." I trust
the amendment will prevail, as a matter of
"Simple justice to the Norfolk yard, as well as a
necessity to the service.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to'oppose tlie amend-
ment. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Piatt] is not exactly correct in bis statement
of what took place in reference to the striking
out last year the appropriations for the ehief
accountants from the bill. The gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Archer] moved to strike
out the appropriation for the chief accountant
at the Portsmouth navy-yard, leaving in those
at all the other navy yards; and on my motion
they were stricken out from all the other navy-
yards, in order to liava uniformity. I believed
then that the office was just as important at
the Kittery yard as at any of the other yards.
And 1 believe now that the office is not of very
great importance in any of the yards. I would
like the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Plait]
to inform the House what the duties of this
chief accountant are.
Mr. PLATT. I might ask the gentleman,
in return, why it is that a chief accountant is
necessary at the Kittery yard, in which be is
interested, and not necessary at the Norfolk
yard. But I will tell the gentleman what the
duties of the chief accountant are, although I
think gentlemen on the Committeeman Appro-
priations ought to know them without ask-
ing me. , „ ,
Mr. LYNCH. I am not a member of that
committee. . „ , „
Mr. PLATT. The duties of that office aro
peculiar s«id important. The chief accountant
in ^ navy-yard lias supervision of the accounts
of every other officer and clerk in that yard.
