1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
wrangles about reconstruction; we can remodel our
system of taxation without being troubled by viola-
tions of the tenure-of-office law; we can boldly attempt
the reforms demanded by the dangerous practices
which have crept into the civil cervine without fear
of disturbing the machinery of Government at a
critical moment.
"And just for the accomplishment ofthis most de-
sirable, nay, most necessary reform. General Grant's
peculiar position will afford invaluable facilities.
He is indebted for his nomination and will be in-
debted for his election to nobody in particular. The
Republican party in mass, not this or that combina-
tion of individual politicians, will have elevated him
to the Presidency. No personal obligations to such
will bind him to do their bidding, to adopt their pref-
erences, or to be governed by their dislikes. When
selecting his advisers and instruments he will have
the whole mass of talent, knowledge, and character
to be found among tho true men of the country to
choose from without being narrowed down to a
give{x circle by established claims on his gratitude,
lie will therefore have every inducement to lend a
helping band in the introduction of a thorough and
permanent reform of the civil service, which, pio-
cecding upon the idea that established character,
knowledge, and capability ought to be the only tost
of fitness for ollice, will at last give tho country an
able,_ honest, and economical administration of the
public business.
" Indeed, from what ever point of view you may
look at it, his peculiar position is so singularly for-
tunate that ha need only to appreciate its advan-
tages in order to make his administration one of
the most peaceful and one of the most productive of
good this Republic ever had."
Nobody will pretend, sir, that the hopes I
then expressed, and which were undoubtedly
shared by the best portion of the American peo-
ple, were inspired by any other but a spirit of
the sincerest friendship for the then coming
Administration. Indeed, sir, what could be
better calculated to crown those in power with
imperishable glory than a firm maintenance of
the great principles which were victorious in
our civil war, coupled with that wise generosity
and benevolent justice shrinking from the re-
strictionof any man's liberty and rights beyond
the point marked by the evident necessities of
the public peace; a steady determination to
reform abuses even at the expense of imme-
diate personal or party advantage ;even-handed
justice in rebuking and redressing that which
is wrong, even when perpetrated by friends,
and in recognizing that which is good, even
when found in opponents; a management of
affairs so clearly intended for the public good
as to render ridiculous the mere suggestion
of other motives; and a noble unselfishness in
the use of power calculated to disarm any oppo-
sition ; for nothing appeals so irresistibly to
the popular heart as unselfishness brought
into strong relief by great temptations firmly
resisted? I ask, what policy could have been
suggested by the- President's most devoted
personal friend that would have been more
certain to lead to glorious results?
I have never hesitated, and I shall always be
sincerely happy, to give the Administration my
most cordial and arduous support in the direc-
tion thus indicated, and I solemnly affirm it
was in the line of this policy that the movement
was designed which we undertook in Missouri.
Nay, sir, far from entertaining intentions hos-
tile to the true interests of the Administration,
we sincerely believed ourselves entitled to the
President's sympathy. And I must confess,
when the President's letter appeared it was to
me a painful surprise. Was not this surprise
natural? Did not General Grant, when he
wrote upon his banner those great words, "Let
us have peace," stand before the country as
the very exponent of a moderate and concilia-
tory policy; not as the creature and represent-
ative of professional politicians, but as the can-
didate of the people longing for the restora-
tion of the long-lost cordiality of feeling? And
did not this very circumstance give him that
peculiar strength which carried him so tri-
umphantly into the presidential chair? "Let
us have peace " was our watchword, just, as it
had been his. How could we be regarded as
tho enemies of his administration m faithfully
carrying out that idea with which his own
success was so intimately identified?
If finally the election in Missouri became a
defeat of the Administration, the President
must look to himself or his advisers for the
responsibility. We did not attack him; he
attacked us. It is thus that our success became
his discomfiture. The President's own princi-
ples achieved a victory over his patronage.
Those who are denounced as his enemies pro-
tected his natural policy against the mistakes
which those who call themselves his friends
mads him conimit. Had he only maintained
a friendly neutrality, our success would have
passed for a triumph of the President's princi-
ples. Look at it. What would theresult have
been had he followed that most natural policy ?
He would have gained thousands of friends,
even among those who had formerly opposed
him, where now he has lost thousands. He
would have rendered an inestimable service to
the cause of peace and good feeling, where
now that cause has to be protected against his
pretended friends. If instead of celebrating
a triumph he has to deplore a rebuke, whose
fault is it? Not ours, sir; certainly not ours.
We know well that the President has had
no great opportunities for acquiring extensive
political experience. That is certainly not his
fault. It might have been an advantage. But
the advisers who pretended to be his friends
ought to have told him what the result of his
interference would be. My colleague has been
long enough in political life to know that almost
all Administrations which attempted to control
the people of a State in the regulation of their
State affairs broke down in the operation. He
might have told him that nothing was more
calculated than such interference to rouse that
spirit of independence, that feeling of a citi-
zen's pride, which indignantly repels all at-
tempts at dragooning, and that the moral power
of an Administration never issues unimpaired
from the contest. My colleague at least ought
to have remembered the history of Pierce, of
Buchanan, and of Andrew Johnson, and had
he been the President's true friend no tempta-
tion of patronage would have seduced him to
advise the President to fall into the mistakes
of such predecessors.
Now, sir, I will show you how the authority
oftlie Administration was prostituted by its pre-
tended supporters. Here is a circular issued by
the chairman of the McClurg State committee,
addressed to the Federal office-holders in Mis-
souri:
[Confidential and important.]
St. Louis, October 2-1,1S70.
Dear Sir: The St ate Republican committee have
great and imperative need of funds at once, to carry
the campaign to successful issue. An assessment of
one per cent, on the annual gross receipts of your
ollice is therefore called lor, and you will please
inclose that amount, without delay, to tho treasurer,
E. S.Kowso, in the envelope inclosed.
This assessment is made after conferencc with our
friends at Washington, where it is confidently ex-
pected that those who receive tho benefttsof'Federal
appointments will support the machinery that sus-
tains tho party which gives them pecuniary benclit
and honor. Tho exigencies are great, and delay or
neglect will rightly be constiued into unfriendliness
to the Administration. We do not look for such a
record from you, and you will at once see the pro-
piiety and wisdom of the earliest possible attention
to the matter.
ISAAC SIIEPPARD,
Chairman of Committee.
E."6. ItowsE, Treasurer.
That this did not come from the Administra-
tion itself may be looked upon as certain. It
was probably a mere attempt to levy black-mail
by threats and intimidation. But does not the
Administration see what the practical political
managers are capable of doing in its name?
But there are still other things which render
it difficult, to find in our history an instance
in which the attempt to turn the civil service
into a mere machinery of political coercion
and moral degradation showed itself in a more
repulsive form. Imagine a professed spokes-
man of those in power traveling from town to
town, like Judge Jeffreys with his bloody assize,
boisterously proclaiming to the trembling tribe
of office-holders that he was the man to have
their official heads cut off if they dared to trans-
gress the rules laid down by him. Why, sir, I
heard with my own ears how that gentleman,
in that assumed representative capacity, with a
jubilant taunt referred in a public speech to
the postmaster of a small town upon whom the
execution had already been perform ed, and who
sat there listening to him. Is it a wonder, sir,
that decent men turned ay/ay with disgust when
the dignity of the national Government was
asserted by such exhibitions ?
Of course, sir, some of the understrappers
caught the lusty spirit of the chief execu-
tioner. It was a burst of civil service reform,
and the principle which governed it appears
with striking clearness in the following corre-
spondence :
TJ. S. Internal Revbxuf, Collector's Oraci;,
Fifth District Missouri,
Carthage, Missouri, October 3, 1870.
My Pear Sir : Tt becomes my painful duty to in-
form you that the course yon are pursuing in regard
to polities in this State is of such a character, in my
judgmont, as will intheend prove detrimental to the
true interests of the Radical party of Missouri. Such
being my view of the matter, f am compelled to in-
form you that your resignation will be received. In
doing this, Colonel, it grieves mc to the heart. As
an officer you have been honest, worthy, and true;
as a business man you have exceeded my most san-
guine expectations ; as a friend I believe I hare no
moro devoted in the State. All of our transactions
have been of the most pleasant nature, and in part-
ing at this time let me assure you of my friendship,
let me assure you of my well-wishes ill all your
undertakings (save politics of the Brown kind)in tho
future. As wo have always been friends, let us so
remain. -
This is as we expected when I was with you last.
Let it be understood as having been your own mo-
tion, that you voluntarily resigned. I am anxious
that it should he so. 3\Tono will be the wiser for me,
for my feeling toward you is the same personally.
Please retain the records and do tho business of
the otlico until I can send your successor to you to
transfer.
Very truly, your friend,
IjO. D, ORNEIl, Collector.
Colonel Daniel E. Saunders, Deputy Collector Fifth
Jliftaouri District, tiedalia. Minsou,] i.
Look at this. There is an officer whose char-
acter and ability are certified to in the highest
terms of praise. His efficiency exceeded the
most sanguine expectations ef his superior;
and yet that superior coolly informs him that
he must go because he refuses to degrade him-
self by giving up his honest convictions on a
question of difference inside of the party, and
a more pliant political tool is put in his place 1
Can you imagine the impression such things
make upon the people ?
But enough of this detail. We learn from
the President's message that the Administra-
tion is in favor of civil service reform. I hail
the announcement with sincere satisfaction.
All patriotic men greet it with applause. It
is only to be regretted that in this instance the
coming event did not cast its shadow before.
Had it been intended to demonstrate in Mis-
souri, even to the dullest mind, how necessary
a reform is to prevent such scandals the lesson
would not be lost upon the people, and I hope
Congress will not hesitate to act upon it. But
if the action of the Administration in Missouri
was meant to be a specimen of the intended
reform, then I am sorry I cannot place much
value upon the promise, for in Missouri the
civil service was reformed in the true Andrew
Johnson style, by an undisguised attempt to
organize a genuine bread-and-butter brigade,
driving out of the service those who had hon-
est manhood enough to sacrifice their salaries
for their convictions, and putting a premium,
on venality. As to the moral effect, I will not
describe the indignation of the more excitable,
and the profound sadness at this spectacle
which prompted the criticism of our best and
most patriotic citizens. There is the result
of the Administration following the advice of
the " practical political managers." The Lore!
save the Administration and the party if such
influences should further succeed in governing
their course 1
And now, sir, why was all this done? " Be-
cause you designed to disrupt the Republican
party in Missouri," asour accusers say. Well,
sir, my allegiance is to the Republican cause.
In the principles embodied in that cause I
believe. To the advocacy of those principles
I have faithfully devoted the best years and
