1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
051
has observed the amount of duty performed
there, must be aware, I think, that this posi-
tion is a nice, cosy place in which to lay away
some letired officer of the Navy, where he
may have ease and comfort without much
work. What this officer can want of a secre-
tary I am at a loss to conceive. Perhaps the
gentleman from Wisconsin can enlighten us
upon this subject.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. As I un-
derstand, the present incumbent of this office
is au old admiral. As the head of this insti-
tution he has under his charge a large num-
ber of disabled seamen.
Mr. STEVENS. How many?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I cannot
name the precise number ; but my friend from
Philadelphia [Mr. Kelley] can doubtless in-
form the gentleman, i understand that there
are several hundred inmates of the institution ;
and it would seem necessary that the head
officer, the admiral, should have some clerical
officer to assist him.
The gentleman says we have a great many
supernumerary officers wfTo might be employed
in the performance of these civil duties about
our navy-yards, &c. I agree with him; and
as ho will be a member of the next Congress,
while I am happy to say I shall not, I hope he
will at the next session takethis matter up and
secure the adoption of some measure by which
these civil offices, in connection with our navy-
yards, may be reduced in number, and the
places filled by naval officers who would other-
wise be doing nothing. But I think the gen-
tleman will not insist on the amendment at
this time.
Mr. STEVENS. Why should I not insist
on the amendment at this time, when the gen-
tleman admits that it is a measure of reform
deserving the consideration of the House? It
is a simple proposition to drop this officer; apd
if this were done, the Navy Department, should
an officer be required there, would instantly
detail from the younger officers of the Navy,
or those of lower grades, some one to fiil this
place. I appeal to the gentleman to say
whether he does .not admit that this office can
be filled by a detail from surplus officers now
in the service.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. No more
than ail similar offices in connection with our
navy-yards, &c. If the gentleman is in favor
of this as a general policy, let him bring in his
bill to carrv out. the object.
Mr. STEVENS. This is an honorable posi-
tion, placing the incumbent by the-side of the
rear admiral who is stationed there; making
him a member of his military family, an in-
mate of his own house; and there is no reason
why upon the point of honor, and more espe-
cially upon the point of economy, this civil
officer should not be dropped, so that some
one of our unemployed naval officers may be
called upon to discharge the duties.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 move to amend by
striking out the last word. If this suggestion
came from some friend of the Navy I should
give it more attention and attach more import-
ance to it, than when it comes from one who
has declared such hostility to the naval service
as has the gentleman who makes this motion.
I submit to the House that it is important the
young officers of our Navy should be kept em-
ployed afloat, as they are peihaps nine tenths
of their time, learning the duties of their pro-
fession, the duties pertaining to the naviga-
tion and management of vessels. Does the
gentleman think it would be wise to set these
officers to performing the duties of clerks or
scriveners, the mere manual occupation of
keeping books, accounts, and things of that
sort? Certainly I do not think that such a
policy would be wise. It would be like—
"A whole ocean into tempest tossed
To waft a feather or to drown a fly."
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I have no doubt that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mayxard] rose
to the magnitude of the occasion when he-
referred to me as an opponent of the Navy.
Unquestionably it was the best argument he
could bring to bear against my motion and
against the reasons which I gave for urging its
adoption. In all that I have said or done with
regard to the Navy I have been moved by no
personal considerations attaching to myself or
any member of my family or any relative. I
have no son in the Navy to bask in the sun-
shine of the Department and to be raised grade
by grade under its favor. What I have done
for the Navy I have done with a view to its
harmony and efficiency. The gentleman does
me great injustice, whether he knows it or ijot,
in saying that I am an opponent of the Navy
in any sense other than this: I am an opponent
of its extravagance. I am an opponent of some
features of its organization and administration.
Sir, I could refer to facts within the knowledge
of those who hear me which would warrant
stronger language than I have ever used against
some portions of its administration.
No, sir; I am proud of the Navy, even with
its faults. I repeat what I stated the other
day, that in my judgment the crystallization
of American aristocracy exists in the Naval
School at Annapolis. Too much aristocratic
feeling is fostered and nurtured there. I be-
lieve the Navy can be made an efficient and
economical branch of the public service, and
I trust it will be. The light thrown upon it in
these discussions and through the public press
is having a good effect in that direction.
I wish the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Mayxard] to understand that I am not to be
driven from my purpose by these ad captan-
dum assertions that I am an opponent of the
Navy. They are made, I suppose, because I
do not go for making more rear admirals,
when we have now more than we need; be-
cause I do not go for making new commodores
almost every other day, and because I do not
advocate these new and rapid promotions, in
order that the younger officers in the Navy,
the ensigns and lieutenants, may secure their
places of advancement more rapidly than at
present. I am not an opponent of the Navy.
I am a frieud of the Navy; and I will meet
the gentleman from.Tennessee any time in the
spirit of justice and fairness to ail branches of
the Navy upon the discussion of this question.
With the utmost friendship for that service
I have devoted myself in this Congress, as a
member of the Committee on Naval Affairs, to
a consideration of its interests, with the desire
to place the Navy upon the same footing that the
Army now stands upon. W ill the gentleman go
with me in this and be willing to aid in placing
the Navy upon the same standing in this coun-
try as the Army? Will be go with me to strike
down the aristocratic elements which are to
be found in our naval organization alone?
When he will do that, when he will bring
himself to that point and become a repub-
licanizing friend of the Navy, he will find me
in accord with himself.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendment, and to say that in char-
acterizing the gentleman from New Hampshire
as an enemy to the Navy of course I had no
reference to any feeling of personal vindic-
tiveness. I spoke of the manner in which he
had treated the Navy on this floor, and I could
need no further evidence than the last speech
which he has made, characterizing the Navy by
the most odious epithets which in this country
are known in connection with public affairs.
The gentleman says that he has no son in the
Navy. I am proud to say that I have. When
war was npon the country, when our land was
in peril, when the very life of the nation was
at stake, having but two sons who were able
to offer their services, one I gave to the Army
and the other to the Navy. If the gentleman
thinks anything can be made out of that fact
he is welcome to it. If he thinks that any-
thing can be made out of his sneer, his sar-
casm, his implied and unworthy insinuation,
he is welcome to all that can be made out of
it. Sir, you will see by my record here, long
before I had a son old enough to. go into the
Navy, that I stood as the advocate of that
branch of the service. I advocated it because
I regarded it as identified with the highest hon-
ors and the best glory of the country. I advo-
cated it in the beginning of the war, and all
the way through, as that branch of the service
which in oar time of trial brought imperish-
able renown to the flag of our country. For
the gentleman to stand here and characterize
it in the terms which he has' shows that he is
an opponent of the Navy.
Mr. STEVENS. I must deny that I have
characterized the Navy by any unfair epithet.
I wish to ask here in the face of the House, I
appeal to every man upon this floor who heard
me, if I uttered one word in condemnation of
the Navy. I spoke of certain branches in the
Navy.
Mr. RANDALL. You spoke of certain
abuses which had crept into the Navy.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir, I denounced only
the abuses which had grown up in the Navy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cox
' reported that, according to order, the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly the special order, being
House bill No. 2789, making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending Jane
30,1872, and for other purposes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
survey op green river.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Commerce
a letter of the Secretary of the Interior, sub-
mitting estimates of appropriation to complete
the survey of Green river; and the same was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
relief to european belligerents.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, by unanimous
consent, the following Senate concurrent "reso-
lution was taken from the Speaker's table and
concurred in by the House:
Resolved, by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That, in obedience to that Chris-
tian charity which seeks the good of all nations and
ministers to all human distresses, we heartily com-
mend the sufferings of tho belligerent nations in
Europe to the American people, and recommend
that a generous system of organized charity, seeking
out and providing first for the most pressing neces-
sities, be speedily inaugurated for their relief.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
georgia election.
Mr. YOUNG-. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I present the returns of the secretary of
State in the election case of Tift and Whitely,
in the second congressional district of Georgia,
for which no certificate has been issued by the
Governor ; and, holding that the time allowed
the Governor in which to issue a certificate
has expired, I ask the House to adopt the
resolution which I now send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
RemitKd, That the official returns of the election
for Congress in the second congressional district of
Georgia, with such other papers as bear upon tho
subject, be referred to the Committee of Elections,
with instructions to investigate and report at its
earliest convenience.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. One of the
claimants to this seat has informed me that
the Governor referred this case to the attor-
ney general, and that the attorney general
has come to a conclusion; and I believe he
