m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
stated to me that that conclusion had been
communicated to the Governor. Probably in
a few days a certificate will be furnished to
09e or other of these claimants, and if the
resolution is adopted there should be a pro-
viso added to the effect that nothing con-
tained in the resolution should prevent either
party from being sworn on regular credentials
as Representative of the district in question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Wisconsin can move to amend the resolution
in that way. Bnt nothing in the resolution
could prevent what the gentleman wishes to
guard if a majority of the House so ordered it.
Mr. YOUNG. I desire to say that the time
which the Governor had to issue a certificate
has expired. He was required to issue the
certificate within thirty days. I have here the
law to that effect, which I shall have read at
the Clerk's desk if any gentleman desires it.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I move to amend
the resolution by adding the following words:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall
prevent either party from being sworn at any time
upon regular credentials a3 Representative of said
district.  
I desire to say just a word. \Ve have already
established a precedent in a case from Geor-
gia that we must admit the man who presents
the Governor's certificate, notwithstanding
that opposition is made. Now, I do not know
that this seat should be given to either claim-
ant in this case, nor do I know to which
claimant it should be given; bnt I do know
that if regular credentials should be furnished
by the Governor to either claimant it would
be our duty to allow him to take the oath of
office under his credentials. I want to so act
that that course shall be left open.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is nothing
inconsistent with that in the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Yooxg.]
Mr. YOUNG. Idonotobjecttotheamend-
ment of the gentleman from Wisconsin; but I
wish to say that this matter has been put off
day after day for abont a month, and now we
want to set the ball rolling. We are not afraid
of an investigation fay the committee, but we
want something to be done. No certificate
has been issued to anybody, and I have good
reason to believe that the Governor 01 the
State does not mean to issue any certificate.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I am entirely
satisfied that the resolution shall pass with the
amendment I have offered.
Mr. YOUNG. I accept the amendment of
the gentleman from Wisconsin.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
j ames river asd kanawha canal.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; wbicjiw&s
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, requested to communicate to this House the
report of the examination and survey of the James
River and Kanatvhacanal, made undertheauthority
ofthe act of July 11,1870. ' -
immigration.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a let-
ter from the Secretary of State, transmitting to
the House a statement of the number, age, sex,
and occupation of the passengers arrived in
the United States by sea from foreign countries
during the year 1870; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, anil ordered to
be printed.
commercial delations.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of State, transmit-
ting to tie House a report on the commercial
relations of the United State? with' foreigp
nations for the year ending September 30,1870;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
united states statotes-at-laroe.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
, from the Secretary of the Interior, in
relation to an appropriation of $7,000 for the
purchase of two thousand copies of the six-
teenth volume of the United States Statutes-
at-Large; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. PLATT, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the fites of the House of the papers in
the case of James A. Russell, on file in the
Committee of Claims.
On motion of Mr. WINANS, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted to withdraw from
the files of the House the papers relative to
the new judicial district of Ohio, for the pur-
pose of having tie same presented in the
Senate.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Indefinite ,leave of absence was granted to
Mr. KNOTT, on account of serious illness in his
family.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Twich-
jELL till Tuesday next.
The SPEAKJ3R. The gentleman from
Arkansas, Mr. Rogers, who obtained eight
days leave of absence, writes a note to
the Chair desiring that it may be stated that
be is detained from the House by sickness at
his lodgings in this city, and is not absent op
leave.
A^JOUSSHENT OVER.
-Mr. GRISWOLD. I move that when the
House adjonrns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The question was put; and the motion was
disagreed to.
reconsideration.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
various votes of recommittal and reference ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.'
joseph a. clay.
Mr. MYERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2934) for the relief
of Joseph A. Clay, of Philadelphia; which was
read a first and second time, and referred- to
the Committee of Claims.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOOPER, of
Massachusetts, (atfouro'elock and ten minutes
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
TJ^e following petitions, &e., were presented
jmder the rule, giid referred to the appropriate
c<3nuptte.es:
(By Mr. ASPER: The petition of Mrs. Cath-
arine JS.eeburger, widow pf "John Seebnrger,
deceased, l^te priyate company K, sixty-eighth
NewYork volunteers, praying for increase of
pension.
By Mr. AYER: The petition of W. D. Pol-
lard and others, citizens of Virginia, praying for
the establishment of a mail route from Fish-
haal Station to Walkerton.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts; The
petition of J mes I. Joslin ^n<j others, of Hud-
son, Massachusetts, for the establishment of
a mail route from Hudson to Clinton, Massa-
chusetts.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of Mr.
M. Mathison, a citizen of Abbeyille, Alabama,
asking the removal of his political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution-
By Mr. JONES, of North Carolina: A peti-
tion of citizens of Nprth Carolina, for the relief
of W. T. Greet),.late postmaster at Murphy,
North Carolina.
By Mr. McCEARY: The pefition of Hugh
Hermingbaug and others, manufacturers of
tobacco, of Burlington, Iowa, praying an
amendment of the internal revenue law-
By Mr. McKpNElfi: A pptitio  of 23 citi-
zens of the Dis^ict of Cplumbia. in favor of
the rebuilding of the Chain Bridge at Little
Falls. "
Also, the petition of Mary A. Jordan, of the
county of Prince William, for damages f;svisj«d
by an'officer of the United States Army during
the late rebellion.
By Mr. MAYNARD: A petition of cer-
tain printers, stationers, and envelope manu-
facturers, praying Congress to relieve them
from injurious and unprofitable competition in
their industry by the Government.
Also, the memorial of Elijah Jones, of .Old
Town, Claiborne county, Tennessee, suggest-
ing the passage of an act by Congress to pro-
hibit the payment of rebel claims, and submit-
ting a plan for reorganizing.the courts to have
jurisdiction over claims.
By Mr. MOORE, of Illinois: The petition
of W. R. Gruell, of Areola, Illinois, praying
for relief.
By Mr. PHELPS: A petition of 195 citizens
of western Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
interpose to prevent the blockading of the Ohio
river that would be effected by the Newport
and Cincinnati bridge if finished on the pres-
ent plan of its construction.
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of 37 -set-
tlers in Sierra valley, California, for the pas-
sage of the act defining swamp lands.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of W. Buck-
ler, J. E. Miller, H. G. Mahr, Thomas Darley,
and numerous others, citizens of Baltimore,
dealers in and manufacturers of tobacco, snuff,
and cigars, praying that manufactured tobacco,
&c., may be treated as general merchandise,
and not to be subject to the tax on sales.
Also, the memorial of Mrs. Louisa Jenkins,
widow of Henry Jenkins, deceased, in relation
to crimped wire-work, asking that no exten-
I sion of the patent may be entertained by the
' Committee on Patents.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 4, 1871.
Player by Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D., Chap-
lain of the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
soldiers op t1ie war of 1812.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sec-
retary transmits to the House of Represent-
atives the amendments made by the Senate
yesterday afternoon to the bill (H. R. No.
1829) granting pensions to certain soldiers and
sailors of the war of 1812, and the widows of
deceased soldiers, the Chair desires to direct
the attention of the Senate to a discrepancy
in two amendments. In Committee of the
Whole an Amendment was agreed to, on the
motion pf the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Sawter,] to insert after the word "dis-
charged," in the ninth line of the firstsection,
the following words:
And to suefa other officers aud soldiers may
have been personally named in any resolution of
Congress for any speeifie service in said war, although
their term of service may have been less than three
consecutive months.
But after the bill was reported to the Senate
the words ''three consecutive months" were
stricken oat of the bill and " sixty days" in-
serted. There is, therefore, this discrepancy.
If there be no objection, the Secretary will
be directed to correct the discrepancy, so that
this amendment shall correspond with the
other section's of the bill and read "sixty
days," Is there objection? The Chair bears
none; and, by unanimous consent, the amend-
ment will be made.
school lands is oregon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits a joint resolution from the House of Rep-
resentatives which was presented by hin? yes-
terday and requested by the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] to be retained until
this morning.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask for the present
consideration of thftt joint resolution for the
reason that it has been considered by the Co®-
