954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
read at length and acted on now.- I think
there will be no objection to it.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 808)
authorizing the use of a naval vessel to trans-
port breadstuff's to Europe;-and it was read
twice, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to authorize the Presi-
dent to cause to be stationed at the port of
NewYork, if the same can be done without
injury to the public service, one or more of
our naval vessels, to be there held in readiness
to receive on board for transportation such sup-
plies as may be furnished by the people of the
United States for the destitute and suffering
people of France and Germany.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am in favor of that res-
olution ; but I should like to know whether
the cost of this is to be taken oat of the naval
appropriation. I do not think that cost should
be taken out of the Navy appropriations, and
then we be told that the appropriations for the
Navy are very extravagant. I think there
ought to be some provision for it other than
out of the fnnds appropriated for the Navy.
Mr. POMEROY. This is in precisely the
form of the resolution adopted some years ago
in reference to Ireland ; and I suppose that
then the expense came out of the Navy appro-
priations.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there should be
a clause to the effect " that the amount neces-
sary for all the expenses thereof is hereby
appropriated out of the Treasury."
Mr. POMEROY. The difficulty of that is
that in the other House the bill would have to
be considered in Committee of the Whole if
it contained an appropriation, and it could
not be passed promptly.
- Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish to do any-
thing to embarrass the bill. If an amendment
would prevent its passage in the other House
I will not offer one.
Mr. POMEROY. Efforts are being made
in New York to load a steamer, and thfise
rcaking them desire the prompt passage of
this resolution. On consultation with the
Department I found they could furnish a
vessel if they had authority; but they want the
authority of Congress to furnish it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer no amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to oppose
the passage of the resolution; but I suggest to
the mover of it that I do not see any propriety
in inserting the words "and Germany." I
take it the people of Germany are tolerably
well supplied just now.
Mr. POMEROY. But if people choose to
send anything there, this vessel is to carry it.
It does not direct anything to be carried there.
Mr. HOWARD. We have no information,
so far as I am aware, that the people of Ger-
many are in need of any supplies from the Uni-
ted States whatever. They seem to have man-
aged their own business pretty well, navigated
their own canoe skillfully; and if there be any
destitute people who need the charities of the
people of the United States it seems to me
they are the French, who are little better at this
time, so far as I understand their case, than
a conquered people—our old allies now in dis-
tress for bread, as well as arms and soldiers. I
move, therefore, to strike out the words " and
Germany." They seem to me gratuitous.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
done. There are many people in the United
States undoubtedly who have friends in Ger-
many who are suffering in consequence of this
war. This war has been very severe on Ger-
many, and there are many people here who
would like to send their contributions there.
We do not want to discriminate in our chari-
ties between either belligerent. Of course the
benevolent sentiment of the country will dic-
tate where the donations shall go: and there
are certainly many suffering in Germany in
consequence of this terrible war, and many
families left destitute. Although Germany has
not been overrun, we know very well that that
country suffers much; and there are a great
many people in this country who desire to send
contributions to their friends there, and it is
very proper that they should have the oppor-
tunity.
Mr. HOWARD. Would the Senator get
np a subscription to aid the people of Ger-
many, who are the victors, the conquerors, as
to whom we are not informed that they are
in any distress for want of supplies from , this
country?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly there are many
people now in this country who have made
subscriptions for their friends in Germany.
Societies have been organized for that purpose.
There are many widows and orphans in Ger-
many who are suffering; and their relatives in
this country desire to send them aid, and have
been doing it. There are societies organized
for that purpose. It is just as benevolent a
purpose as the other.
Mr. HOWARD. Ifit be putupon the ground
that the Germans residing in this country who
have become naturalized citizens of the United
States wish to send supplies to their friends
in Germany, I certainly have no objection to
it on that ground.
Mr. SCHURZ. May I interrupt the Sen-
ator from Michigan for a moment? I think
the Senator from Michigan is decidedly right
in one respect: that is, that the Germans have
been pretty well able to paddle their own canoe;
but I understand the object of the Senator
from Kansas to be not to make any invidious
distinctions between nationalities at all.
Mr. POMEROY. That is it.
Mr. SCHURZ. It seems to me that all the
gifts which may be transported to Europe may
be put into the hands of those who may need
them most, according to the discretion of those
who distribute them. I think that is the object
of the Senator from Kansas, and it is a per-
fectly proper one.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know that I have
any particular objection, that being the case ;
but it seemed to me to be a very anomalous
proceeding. I am not aware that the people
of any foreign nation raised supplies and trans-
ported them to the United States during our
last war with the rebels. They took it for
granted that we were doing tolerably well when
we were achieving victory after victory.
Mr. POMEROY. The Germans did what
was better than that. They sent us men; thsy
recruited our armies with men; they helped
to save the life of this nation. Though the
French were our ancient allies, the Germans
have been our modern allies, and I would not
discriminate against either of them.
Mr. HOWARD. I am quite aware of that.
I am not saying anything at all in disparage-
ment of either the French or the Germans,
and I do not wish to be so understood; but I
look on this proceeding by the Congress of
the United States as quite anomalous under
the circumstances.
Mr. CONKLING. It seems to me there is
nothing in the history of our own recent war,
or of the present European war, to turn our
sympathies against Germany. It seems to me
the Senator from Nevada is right when he
says that it is natural for Americans to feel
inclined to send contributions to German
widows and orphans as well as to the suffer-
ers of France.
But suppose it were otherwise; the purpose
of the Senator from Kansas is to furnish a
vehicle, for what? For you and for me, and
all the citizens of our country to employ in
conveying such contributions as they choose
to make, to the destination they may select.
Suppose the Senator from Michigan should
think the French widows and orphans, the
French people at large, more than the Ger-
mans, in need of contributions; suppose he
should be right in this; I submit to him that
it has no bearing at all upon the propriety of
this resolution, because this is only a proposal
to send a ship in which everybody can send
where he chooses. Is not this right, plainly ?
If I choose, however unwisely, to send a con-
tribution to a German port, to be distributed
in a German district, why should not 1 be
allowed to do it?
The Senator from Michigan might give a
wiser disposition to his charity than I might;
but that is not the question here. The point
is whether b national vessel, going, shall ac-
commodate all those who want to send food
and raiment to sufferers, leaving them free to
choose to whom they will send. It seems to
me there can be no question upon such a point.
If, however, the pending resolution did in any
way involve the question to whom Americans
should open their handsor their hearts, I should
repeat that I recall nothing in the commence-
ment of the war which brought on the suffering
now rending Europe, or iu its conduct, which
should incline the American Senate to sympa-
thize against Germany, or against Germany's
stricken homes.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to hear the
resolution read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be reported, and also the amendment of
the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall withdraw my
amendment, but I beg to say before I take
my seat 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Indiana yield to the Senator from Michi-
gan?
Mr. HOWARD. Only one momen..
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. If the honorable Sena
tor from New York, by the remarks which he
has made, intends to impute to me sympathy
for the French as against the Germans, and
that would seem to be the implication of his
remsrks 
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no. I beg to explain
that I had no such idea.
Mr. HOWARD. I disavow it most dis-
tinctly. My sympathies at the commencement
of the war and during the continuance of the
war were warmly, and I hesitate not to avow
it, in favor of the cause of Prussia and against
the imperial Government of France and its
aiders and supporters.
!! The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
!> Indiana is entitled to the floor, and calls for the
i, reading of the proposed joint resolution.
! The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution. .
Mr. MORTON. It seems to me that the
discrimination that would be made_ by adopt-
ing the amendment offered by th'e Senator
from Michigan would be not only unjust to
Germany, but unjust to ourselves. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan has withdrawn the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. That amendment is with-
drawn.
Mr. MORTON. I will state what I intended
to, anyhow.
Mr. SUMNER. Then, is there any amend-
ment pending?
Mr. MORTON. Of course I can speak to
the resolution. It is proper for us, Mr. Pres-
ident, to provide the means of enabling relief
to be sent to the destitute and the suffering in
France, without regard to who was to blame
for bringing on the war. It is enough for us
to know that they are destitute and suffering.
And so with regard to the destitute and suffer-
ing in Germany, if there be such there; and I
presume there are. But, sir, we cannot for-
get the fact that in this case the war was in-
augurated and brought on by France, and that
it became necessary for Germany to withdraw
many hundreds of thousands of men from their
homes and their families and to send them
into the campaign. The withdrawal of this
vast body of men from their homes and fam-
ilies in Germany must have produced suffering
and destitution thereto some extent; and they
would be equally entitled to our sympathy.
We have sent relief to other countries with-
out considering the cause which has made that
