1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
955
relief necessary; and we may doit in this case.
I can sympathize with the suffering in France,
not because I sympathize with France in this
struggle, but because the people, who were in
no way responsible for it, are suffering; and
so in regard to Prussia.
Mr. WILSON. Here is a resolution that I
suppose every Senator is in favor of, and I hope
we shall now have a vote upon it.
Mr. FOWLER. I have but a word to say.
I am in favor of the resolution as it was
offered ; but at the same time I fail to per-
ceive the justice of those remarks whieh -do
not accord to France that gratitude which is
certainly due to her for the assistance that she
gave us in our revolutionary struggle. I' think
it is a great mistake to say that it was not love
for American independence, but a desire to
humiliate Great Britain, that induced her to
aid us in that contest.
Again, I have failed to see any Evidence
that Germany was ever our ally. Certainly
she was not on that occasion, for we found
her soldiers on the opposite side in that con-
gest. In our recent struggle I know that a
large number of the German nationality who
are American citizens were in favor of the
Government of the United States ; but so far
as Germany was concerned I do not under-
stand that we received any particular assist-
ance from her. So I fail altogether to per-
ceive any alliance or any aid whatever that
was contributed by Germany to the Govern-
ment of the United States during our recent
struggle. It may have been expended in sym-
pathy, that is true. So far as the German
peoplt? alone are concerned, my sympathies
extend to them also, and I am willing, of
course, to send them any amount of aid they
may need ; but so far as their Government is
concerned in its raid upon the people of
France since the battle of Sedan I have no
sympathy with it.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to call the
attention of theSeuator from Tennessee to the
fact, which he must recollect, of the amount
of our bonds that were taken in Germany at
the time we needed that they should be taken,
and when they were prohibited from the Ex-
change in London and from the Bourse in
Paris, and not allowed to be on the markets
there at all on account of the state of public
opinion there, while Germany alone came in
and took five or six hundred million dollars at
a time when we needed money more than any-
thing else to sustain our credit, lhat is a fact
showing sympathy certainly.
Mr. FOWLER. I am not aware exactly of
the state of facts put forth by the Senator from
Nevada. I am aware that the Germans took
our bonds that had been first absorbed by capi-
talists in the United States at a most miser-
able consideration, for which they got a very
extravagant aud enormous interest. In that
they only proved themselves wiser than the
French and British, as they have done for the
last half century in regard to all material inter-
ests. I confess that in the present attitude of
affairs I am on bat one side of this question;
my sympathies are not on both sides.
Again, I have never seen any effort on the
part of the Germans to establish free and inde-
pendent Governments there. The only mani-
festation of a change in Germany has been to
a concentration of despotic power. On the
contrary, the French people are the freest
people on the continent of Europe to-day, and
have been the only people on the continent
that have been struggling for free institutions.
Mr. SCHUIiZ. Mr. President, I need not
say that I am but unwillingly drawn into a
debate like this; but I cannot refrain from
saying a word in defense of the nationality
from which I have sprung.
I am far from desiring to depreciate anything
the French may have done for this Republic
in the early days of its existence. For such an
object I do not rise. But when the Senator
from Tennessee says that during our civil war
he had no evidence of sympathy on the part
of the German people or German Governments
with this Republic I must express my doubt
asto his being sufficiently conversant with the
history of those days. I shall confine my
remarks to this point at present, leaving other
assertions made by the Senator for future dis-
cussion.
In the first place, as to the Governments:
I do not think there were on the face of this
globe Governments who expressed their sym-
pathy with the cause of the Union during our
civil war as straightforwardly and emphatic-
ally as the Government of Prussia and the
German Governments generally; and if the
Senator desires to see the evidence of this he
need only examine the records of the State
Department.
In the second place, there certainly was no
nation outside of this continent that so heartily
and actively sympathized with the Union cause
in this country as the Germans. The Senator
from Nevada already remarked, very properly,
that in no country were more of the bonds of
the United States taken ; to which the Sen-
ator from Tennessee replies that that was be-
cause they were sold at a low price. But does
he not know that such investments always go
along with the sympathies of the people? Are
not the English, are not the French, also
inclined to speculate in stocks? Why did
they not buy our bonds? Simply because they
had no confidence in the success of the cause
of the Union? And why had they no confi-
dence in it? Simply because they had no sym-
pathy with it. Money will in such cases almost
always go in the direction of sympathy. And
if that is the case, which certainly cannot be
gainsaid, the Senator from Tennessee will not
be able to deny that in Germany money and
sympathy went together on a large scale. The
Senator says that our bonds were a promising
investment. Does he forget that when they
were taken in Germany the issue of the war
appeared by no means decided, and that the
fortunes of this country were still trembling in
the balance? It was a dangerous venture; and
nevertheless they embarked in it. They did
it because they believed in the Republic of the
United States; because they had faith in the
great destinies of this country ; because their
hearts beat in union with our hearts, and their
sympathies impelled them to risk their inter-
ests with our fortunes. If afterward their ven-
ture turned out advantageously so much the
better for them: but that they had sympathy
and confidence enough to make the venture in
the days of uncertainty when they did was
certainly so much the better for us.
Mr. OASSERLY. Mr. President, I regret
! profoundly the turn given to this discussion
; this morning. The resolution of the Senator
! from Kansas now before us, like his resolution
I of the other day 011 the same general subject,
was a graceful and becoming expression, be-
cause it was a faithful expression of the gen-
erous sympathies of our whole people toward
the sufferers of the two mighty races that so
lately joined in the deadly grapple of one of
the greatest wars of ancient or modern times.
There was in the resolution nothing to mar the
fullness aud warmth of that expression. There
was nothing in it looking to a cold and invid-
ious discussion of the merits of the conflict
between the great antagonists. There was
nothing in it to put a slur 011 one of them as
against the other. There should have been in
it nothing of the kind. The Senator from
Kansas summoned us to the level of a common
humanity when he asked us to join.with him
in bestowing, in its best, most organized, and
most efficient form, the charity of the Amer-
ican people upon the sufferers by this tremen-
dous war, whether of the French or of the
German nation. Upon that high level we
should be far above all petty and especially
all party considerations. The resolution of
to-day is in the same spirit, and but carries
out the purpose of the other resolution.
Now, sir, after the remarks we have just
heard from more than one Senator, in what
fashion do we tender our sympathies to one of
the two nations? Overthrown,crushed, deso-
late, bleeding at every pore, having fought out
her hopeless battle to the last, we would suc-
cor France, bestowing on her at the same
time our views of the merits of the war, our
lecture upon her course. Sir, this is not a fit
time for such remarks. They are deplorably
out of place. Fault finding and rebuke jar
harshly upon an hour of sympathy and charity.
Whenever the time does come, if it ever does,
for a discussion here of the French-German
war, and the merits of the combatants, the
subject will be a great one, to be discussed in
the proper spirit, in a spirit equal to the mag-
nitude of the questions involved and to the rela-
tions which this country bears to the nations
of the earth, and especially to the two nations
involved in this war. It will not be an occa-
sion for off-hand homilies or for coining paltry
party capital.
When that time comes, if it shall be my lot
to be here and to be in the discussion, I shall
endeavor to bear ray part. It will be a discus-
sion, whenever it arises, to engage the best
capacity of the best among us. But I do not
propose just now to fall into the egregious
error committed, this thrusting words of invid-
ious blame and bitterness into a discussion
upon a great work of national charity, upon
which the whole heart of the American people
has gone out in loving kindness to the sufferers
of the French and German races. 1 shall not
undertake at all in reference to such a case
and to such sufferers to strike the balance of
wrongs between them. In their presence, in
the face of sufferings like theirs, I will not, I
am not able, to stay the hand of sympathy
while I play the critic at the expense of
those whose sorrows should be their best pro-
tection. Still less will I select this moment
of all others to announce judgment on the
merits of the controversy between France and
Germany. They have nothing whatever to
do with the proposition of the Senator from
Kansas.
There is a precedent for the use of naval
vessels which will be in the minds of Senators
when I recall it. At the time of the terrible
famine in Ireland, more than twenty years
ago, when the news which came to us by every
mail seemed to go like an arrow through the
quivering heart of the people, there was one
general uprising everywhere in all the great
centers, and in the country as well. The
whole people of the United States rushed for-
ward, held out their hands, not empty either,
for the relief of a starving race. The Gov-
ernment did its part, and, with the greatest
dispatch, the sloop of war Jamestown was
fitted out and sent from Boston.
Itseems to me that there can be no objection,
on any ground, to the furnishing by the United
States of a ship of war for the present pur-
pose. Then let those who wish to succor Ger-
many do so; let those who wish to succor
France do so. Americans will naturally be-
stow their aid where their sympathies are. And
these sympathies, in my judgment, will be
regulated by this consideration—where at pres-
ent exists the greatest necessity. I should
think that the only controlling circumstance
about it—where is the greatest want, where is
the direct suffering—there let us first go on our
errand of mercy.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, if I were
compelled to determine the question of com-
parative obligation to France and Germany
on the part of the United States, I should hes-
itate; and what American could do otherwise?
I look at the beginning of our history, and I
see that through the genius of our greatest
diplomatist and greatest citizen, Benjamin
Franklin, France was openly enlisted on our
side. She gave us the treaty of alliance and
flung her sword into the trembling scale.
Through France was independence assured.
