180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
the nation. And I am sorry to repeat, but I
say without fear of cuntradiction as one who
has served the Government of the United States
in various capacities honestly and faithfully and
to the best of my ability, that such is the case.
I want the Republicans, and not only the He-
publicans but the Democrats in this Hall, to
understand that we have a duty to perform, a
mission to serve, a constituency to represent.
If we fail to represent them in that mission, if
wo do not perform that duty, those who follow
us will do it.
And, Mr. Speaker, it is a question that has
concerned me somewhat, a question of vital
importance, because it is the foundation upon
which we are trying to settle; and if we can-
not settle it satisfactorily between ourselves let
us at least settle it upon the basis of justice. I
want to be distinctly understood as occupying
this position: that slavery was one of the incon-
sistencies of the foundation of our Government.
It created a war; that war wiped out slavery;
and it also produced the reconstruction acts
of our Government which were mainly experi-
mental, and in the experiment they required of
us in the South to take a position. We have
taken it faithfully and we have taken it consist-
ently. We have taken it because we believed
that the just powers of government are derived
from the consent of the governed, which con-
sent can only be obtained through the ballot-
box. Then it follows that suffrage is not only
a privilege but a right. It is not only a privi-
lege but an inalienable right, linked with the
principle of liberty, and, in spite of the past,
can only be taken from the citizen charged
and convicted of crime through due process
of law. If any man has been denied this right
it has been done by due process of law. If the
right has been suspended it has been done by
legislative enactment. Well, if my State and
the whole South have been reconstructed, does
not that right revert back to the people? If it
does not, then the foundation of our Govern-
ment is a fraud, a libel upon mankind, and can-
not well be sustained.
I am no prophet, nor the son of a prophet;
and I make no pretensions of that kind. But
I have lived in the southern country for twelve
years. I entered the service of my country as
a private soldier, and 1 have done everything
in my power to not only sustain the principles
that I believe our Government rested upon,
but to maintain our honor and dignity. And
since the close of the war 1 think i have been
consistent with those principles. I had the
honor to raise the first regiment of colored sol-
diers organized in the State of Kentucky. In
the estimation of some gentlemen, I presume
that is no credit to me. But when I remember
that colored men were used as soldiers in the
war of the Revolution and in the war of 1812,
and were complimented by General Jackson,
I consider it no dishonor to me or to any other
man who saw fit to take the command of any-
thing to suppress this rebellion, even donkeys,
to kick it to the devil, or crocodiles to swallow
it. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] for ten
minutes of my time.
Mr. MORGAN. I regret, Mr. Speaker, that,
the chairman oftheseleet Committee on Recon-
struction [Mr. Bdti.br] who has reported this
measure, which hestylesanamnesty bill, has not
learned the true meaning of the word as lately
taught by the people of Missouri and West Vir-
ginia at the baiiot-box. I do not refer to those
elections in a spirit of partisan triumph, but to
cause gentlemen to realize the great change
which has taken place in public sentiment dur-
ing the past few years. Sir, the people, always
patriotic even when in error, are tired and weary
of discord, and long for the return of peace,
good will, and prosperity. They look with
alarm at the constant recourse to the bayo-
net, on any and every pretext, to control elec-
tions and enforce the collection of unequal and
oppressive taxes. They are tired of " military
necessity " in time of peace, and ask that the
Constitution and the laws may be reestablished
and respected.
The angry passions which existed at the close
of the war have subsided, and the people, irre-
spective of party, desire to see proclaimedam-
nesty in fact, the restoration of political rights
to our counti-ymen, and to enter upon a new
career of good will among all, prosperity and
happiness for the whole people, with one flag,
one country, and one destiny.
There is very little in this bill which should
commend it to this House, or which will com-
mend it to the country. Under the fourteenth
amendment political disabilities can only be
removed by a vote of two thirds of each House.
No such provision is in this bill. On the con-
trary, it provides in the first section " that no
damage, loss,harm,wrong, or injury shall here-
after come, or any right or claim accrue,to any
persons against any other person not hereinafter
excepted, of, from, or because of any act done
By him, or omitted to be done, in aid of, or in
the suppression of, or because of the late rebel-
lion." The worst of traitors—the northern
man who, for the sake of blood-stained gain,
secretly furaished the confederates with muni-
tions of war, while prating loyalty at home—
is not only granted "full and general grace,
amnesty, and oblivion of all wrongful acts and
doings in the war of the late rebellion," but
by being pardoned he would be enabled to col-
lect and receive payment upon the supplies
made by him to aid in the overthrow of the
Union.
In disregard of the wishes of the people, the
bill ingeniously provides against the removal
of political disabilities; the very thing our
constituents demand, a demand made signifi-
cant by the late elections. The bill refuses
pardon for political offenses, but grants full
and general grace, amnesty, and oblivion for
the thief, the burglar, the arsoner, and assas-
sin, whether the criminal be of the South or
of the North. For my own part, I hold that
the man who committed robbery, murder,
arson, or any other felony, under the pretense
of making war, is a worse man than he who
becomesan outlaw against society and commits
crimes at his own risk. Such criminals, whether
they be of the North or of the South, should
be arraigned and tried for their offenses as a
warning to desperadoes, should our country be
again involved in war. On the other hand, acts
done according to the laws of war need no
amnesty, for the simple reason that acts so
committed by one belligerent against another
are lawful. Hence, no one even dreams of put-
ting on trial any soldier of the confederacy for
military acts done during the late civil war. A
great deal was said as to trying Jefferson Davis;
but he was never put oil trial, although during
a long time he was held as a prisoner. Then,
sir, thegranting of this pretended amnesty with-
out the restoration of political rights would be
a mere cheat.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to call the attention of
the House to a point which has not yet been
referred to during the debate, and which might
perhaps be overlooked. The third section of
this bill excepts from its provisions "whoever,
having been educated at the Military Academy
at West Point, or the Naval School at Annap-
olis, shall have engaged in the rebellion and
insurrection against the United States, or given
aid and comfort to the enemies thereof."
What, sir, is meant by " giving aid and com-
fort to the enemies of the United States ?"
Furnishing munitions of war, giving troops,
doing any act calculated to advance the cause
of the enemy. Well, sir, I hold in my hand
the Army Register of the United States for
the year 1861—a document to which I briefly
referred in December last, when the recon-
struction question was under discussion in this
House. 1 ask the particular attention of gen-
tlemen to this document. I charge (and this
Array Register proves the charge in such a
mannerasto challenge contradiction) thatfrom
a few days before until six weeks after Fort
Sumter had been captured by the confederates,
after blood had been shed, our flag lowered to
an enemy, and our soldiers made prisoners
of war, the Chief Magistrate of the Republic
accepted the resignations of one hundred and
eighty officers of the United States Army, who
resigned with the avowed intention of making
war against the Government of the United
States. What better aid and comfort could be
given to an enemy than to furnish him with
great captains, accomplished leaders, men
skilled in the dread art of war ?
In this long list of officersgiven by our Presi-
dent to aid the enemy to organize his armies,
to lead them to battle, to make war against the
United States, we find the names of Robert
B. Lee, resignation accepted April 25, 1861,
eleven days after war had commenced; Joseph
E. Johnston, resignation accepted April 22,
1861; Alberts. Johnston, resignation accepted
May 3, 1861; James Longstreet, resignation
accepted June 1, 1861, six weeks after the
fall of Fort Sumter, and while the confederate
army of Virginia was preparing to advance
against Washington. Yet this bill refuses
amnesty to these very officers who left our
service to join that of the enemy with the
consent of the President. I am specific, sir,
in the charge. General Magruder, whose res-
ignation was accepted six days after the sur-
render of Sumter, has publicly stated that he
told the President the purpose for which he
resigned, but that he would remain in Wash-
ington a decorous length of time after the
acceptance of his resignation, because he
wished to be well off with his old love before
he was on with the new; and that the Presi-
dent replied that he would assist him to get
on with the new love by accepting his resigna-
tion.
The motives which governed the action of
the President in accepting the resignations
of these officers, instead of holding them as
prisoners of war, I leave to the judgment of
impartial history. It has been charged that
fears were entertained that the contederates
would not fight, that the flame of southern
war would soon die oat unless competent gen-
erals were given to them. They were given,
and we know the result. Others have charged
that the object in accepting the resignations of
those distinguished officers was to secure more
patronage, that their places baa to be filled.
We know the result. Whatever may have been
the motive, it cost us four years of war and
shook ourinstitutionsto their very base. But
for the acceptance of those resignations a hos-
tile gun would not have been fired outside of
Souih Carolina, a million lives and thousands
of millions of dollars would have been saved,
and our people would not, now groan under the
burden of a war tax in time of peace.
Mr. Speaker, never in the history of our
country was a more important subject submit-
ted for discussion than the question now under
debate. It may determine whether we shall
have a constitutional Union or a government
of force. It is to determine whether we are
to say to our brethren of the South, "You must
obey the laws, but you shall not help to make
them; you must pay taxes to support the Gov-
ernment, but shall never participate in its
management.'' This is called amnesty, grace,
oblivion as to the errors of the past! God
have mercy on the merciless if at the last day
they are to be judged by a rule like this 1 Sir,
I have not spoken in the interest of party, but
in the name of our common country ; and ii
we prove unequal to the discharge of the high
duty which devolves upon lis the people pos
sess theremedy, and by them it will be applied.
tensions.
Mr. KELSEY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to report a bill (H.
R. No. 252'J) making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the
