1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. HILL. Both be and his constituents
supposed at the time of the election that he
had been relieved; bat that was a misappre-
hension. His name was in a relief bill passed
by Congress, but was laft out of the enrolled
bill by mistake.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If this was a case where
this gentleman was elected under the suppo-
sition that his disabilities bad been removed,
and it wag a mere mistake, then I shall not
object; otherwise I should.
Mr. HILL. That is the case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a letter from a
gentleman in Virginia, a Mr. True or Chew,
stating that his name was left out in the same
way. The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Lewis]
perhaps may know about it. I do not think
we ought to pass any of these special bills
unless it is to correct an error. That presents
a different case from any other. If there has
been a mistake in enrolling a bill I have no
disposition to try to take advantage of that; but
otherwise I shonld object to this bill, as I do
to all these special bills. I would like to know
from the Senator from Virginia whether the
name I mention is one that was left oat in the
same way.
Mr. LEWIS. I will just remark to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that that gentleman has told
me so himself. That is the only evidence I
have of the fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has the Senator ever
looked to see whether the name was in the bill ?
Mr. LEWIS. I have not examined whether
the fact is as stated by himself or not.
The bill was read three times.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The passage of
the bill requires by the .Constitution a two-
thirds vote. As many as are in favor of the
passage of the bill will say 1!aythose op-
posed will say "no." [Putting the question.]
In the opinion of the Chair two thirds have
voted in the affirmative. Two thirds have
voted in the affirmative, and the bill is passed.
order of business.
Mr. SCHURZ. I wish to call up a bill
which will occasion no debate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am advised that if I yield
to these requests, which I would gladly do
myself, a gentleman on my left will move an
executive session, and thus cut off the day the
Senate has assigned me. But for that I should
be glad to concede. Under the circumstances,
I think I shall have to insist on the special order
of the day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
insists on the special order of the day, which
is House bill No. 2295; and that bilt in now
before the Seriate.
mbssagk from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
264$) for the relief of Martin P. Hardin, of
Pontotoc county, Mississippi, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the concurrent resolution of the
Seuate expressing the sympathy of Congress
in the sufferings of the belligerent nations in
Europe, and commending a generous system
of organized charity to the American people
in their behalf.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 2537) for the relief of John
Kelly, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for the
issue of certain bonds, &c.; and it was there-
upon signed by the Vice President.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary
of War, transmitting,'in obedience to the reso-
lution of the Senate of January 27, all the in-
formation in his possession concerning the
non-execution of the law of July 14,1870, pro-
viding for the laying of anew water-main from |-
the reservoir to Capitol Hill, through the
cities of Georgetown and Washington, and for
the-restriction of the use of Potomac water by >.
the introduction of water-meters;' which was |!
referred to the Committee on the District of i;
Columbia, and ordered to be printed. ,j
presidential approvals. ;j
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary, ]l
announced that the President had, on the 3d |j
instant,, approved and signed the act (S. No. (1
698) to divide the State of Virginia into two 'j
judicial districts. jj
" message from tub house. j|
A message from the House of Represents- ;•
tives, by Mr. McPhbrson, its Clerk, announced ij
that the House had passed the following bills ;[
and joint resolutions, in which it requested the ,j
concurrence of the Senate: ;i
A bill (H. R. No. 2727) regulating the; re- |j
moval of action's from State to United States :|
courts;
A bill (H. R> No. 2936) for the relief of .!
Charles Cooper, Goshorn A. Jones, Jerome
Rowley, William Hannegan, and John Han-
negan; i
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 369) for the !
relief of Theodore Adams ;
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 490) for the
relief of Paymaster George P. Cutter; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 491) for the
restoration of Commander George A. Stevens,
United States Navy, to the active from the
retired list.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 238)
for the relief of Lieutenant Commander John
N. Quackenbush.
postal laws.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
2295) to revise, consolidate, and amend the
statutes relating to the Post Office Department.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
of the committee will be aeted on as they are
reached in the reading of the bill by sections.
Mr. RAMSEY. Probably I ought to explain
to the Senate, before the Clerk proceeds with
the reading, as this is a very long bill, that it
consists of the report of the commissioners
who were appointed to modify and revise the
statute laws of the United States so far as
their report relates to the Post Office Depart-
ment. Their revision of the postal statutes
was afterward supervised by a body of experts,
experienced clerks, familiar with the laws of
the Post Office Department, who were detailed
for that purpose by the Postmaster General.
It was then thoroughly scrutinized again by the
Post Office Committee of the House and passed ;
by the House itself, after deliberate examin-
ation and mature consideration. Comitig to
this body, it was again thoroughly scrutinized '
by the Post Office Committee here and by
a number of experts from the Post Office
Department. Thus it will be seen that this ;
bill has had a thorough and searching prelim- j
inary examination. It is generally but a ;
revision of the postal laws enacted since the
year 1789, many of them being contradictory,
obsolete, and not clear. In the first instance
it was simply a revision of postal laws already
in existence, getting rid of those which were
obsolete; but some new matter has been intro-
duced by the House and by the committee,
and I will briefly state what the new matter is.
The second section is simply a rearrange-
ment of the clerks of the Post Office Depart-
ment. It provides for no increase of compen-
sation. It is simply a reclassification.
Further on there is by the House a renewal
of the legislation for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege. I do not propose myself, nor
do  uy of the committee, I think, to digsuss
that matter at length. There is now a bill on
your table, making ample provision for that,
and in which I had- hoped we ecwM pat all
legislation asked for on this subject; but the
House have renewed the proposition, ff the
Senate think, as they did at the last session,
that they cannot concede this piece of legisla-
tion, they will simply vote down that provision
of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. That will require an amend-
ment.
Mr. RAMSEY. We have an amendment, if
the Senate determine on that, restoring the
clause as it came from the hands of the eodi-
fiers.
Then, again, the committee have introduced
new matter in regard to the free-delivery sys-
tem in cities, extending the system to cities
containing twenty thousand population and
upward, which we are advised by the First
Assistant Postmaster General will reqnire,
with certain other provisions of amendment,
no additional appropriation. We also accept
the postal card system.
I have given, I believe, an enumeration of
all the new matter provided for either by the
House or by the Senate committee. The rest
of the bill is simply a codification of the exist-
ing law.
The VICE' PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now read the bill, and the amendments of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
will be acted on as they are reached in the
text during the reading of the bill.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads was in section three,
line five, to strike out the words "one disburs-
ing cletk," and in lieu thereof to insert " one
superintendent of the Post Office building and
disbursing officer in lines eight, nine, ten,
eleven, and twelve, to strike out the words
•'eleven clerks of class four, fifty-one clerks
of class three, forty-five clerks of class two,
twenty-three clerks of class one, one messen-
ger for the Postmaster General, and one for
each of the Assistant Postmasters General,"
and £o insert in lieu thereof " twelve clerks
of class four, fifty-one clerks of class three,
forty-five clerks of class two, sixty-seven clerks
of class one. sixty female clerks, one messen-
ger for the Postmaster General, one messen-
ger for eaeh of the Assistant Postmasters Gen-
eral, four assistant messengers, ten watchmen,
twenty-one laborers, one engineer, one assist-
ant engineer, one carpenter, one assistant car-
penter, one fireman and blacksmith, two fire-
men, three female laborersso as to make
the section read:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General may appoint thefollowingemployfa
in the Post Office Department: ono chief clerk for
the Postmaster General, and one for eaeh of the
Assistant Postnlasters General, one superintendent
of the Post Office building and disbursing- officer,
one superintendent of the money-order system, one
superintendent of foreign mails, one chief of divis-
ion of dead fetters, twelve clerks of class four, fifty-
one clerks ot class three, forty-five clcrks of class
two, sixty-seven clerks of class one, sixty female
clerks, one messenger for the Postmaster General,
one messenger for each of the Assistant Postmasters
General, four assistant messengers, ten watchmen,
twenty-one laborers, one engineer, one assistant
engineer, one carpeufcer, one assistant carpenter,
one fireman and blacksmith, two firemen, three
female laborers, and such a number of temporary
clerks, female clerks, foldeis, watchmen,and laborers
as may be required.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Minnesota why the large increase
of clerical force is proposed?
Mr. RAMSEY. There is no increase of
clerical force at all, I will inform .the Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have the legislative
appropriation bill here, and I see the irumher
of clerks is different.
Mr. RAMSEY. This embraces the same
number of clerks provided for in the appro-
priation bill of last year, but there is a differ-
ent classification, that is all. I will confer
with the Senator when he revises the work
