1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
United States for the year ending June 30,
1872. I move it be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, ordered
to be printed, and made a special order for
Monday next, after the morning hour.
Mr. ARCHER. I desire to reserve all points
of order on the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from New York tliat, the legis-
lative and executive bill was made a special
order for Tuesday next. Is it designed to give
this bill precedence over that?
Mr. KELSEY. We can arrange that matter
when we cotne to consider it.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be arranged
then except by unanimous consent.
Mr. KELSEY. Well, 1 inovethatitbe made
the special order for Monday next, after the
morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish to withdraw the
objection I made to the bill offered by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julias*.]
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I object to that
bill.
employment of military officers.
Mr. GAIIPIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution (II. R.
No. 418) relating to the employment of officers
of the Army as professors in colleges and uni-
versities ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
amnesty.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill (II. R. No. 2523) for full and genera!
grace, amnesty, and oblivion of all wrongful
acts or omissions of all persons engaged in the
war of the lute rebellion.
Mr. FARNSW0RTL1. Iyield fiveminutesto
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. McKekzie.]
Mr. McKENZIE. 1 have read this bill, and
I am opposed to it. I am in favor of giving
to the whole people of the South universal
amnesty, and if that cannot be had I will take
what I can get. 1 am very sorry, and I say it
with all respect to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, ihat a bill lias been
lying upon the table of that committee for
months which proposes to remove the polit-
ical disabilities of thiee thousand Virginians
and others. That bill ought to be reported
back and passed, and then let us take up this
matter and consider it. That, in my opinion,
would be the proper course for the House to
pursue.
Now, sir, I am a Republican. Of course T
am opposed to the Democracy; but lam a
Democratic Republican. [Laughter.] I have
always been opposed to the Democratic party—
not that 1 do not like the gentlemen of this
House connected with that party, for I do, but
because, as a party, they take advantage of the
people and deceive them by statements that I
do not think the f.icts warrant. While I say
that, I say it with perfect respect to my Dem-
ocratic fiiends. 1 am an " old-line Whig
but at the same time I think that the House
ought to relieve these people at the South.
Many of tliem do not like me; I know that; I
do not know why. I have been kind to them
all the way through ; but they do not like me,
because I am a Republican, I suppose. I am
sorry it is so, but they do not, like Republicans.
They call them Radicals and scallawags ; they
call them anything but. gentlemen. I am sorry
it is so; 1 am soiry they do not like the Gov
eminent of the United States. I know they do
.not. lilie the colored people to vote; but I am
willing to fight thetn to maintain the rightofthe
colored people. As a party, they are opposed
to reconstruction, and if they get control of the
Government they will endeavor to undo a great
deal that has been done, so that we shall never
have peace. To this lam opposed. In the
South we want peace, good will, fraternal rela-
tions, and the past forgot as soon as possible.
Now, as regards this bill, when I attended
the convention of the Republican party at the
city of Richmond we pledged ourselves to go
for universal amnesty. I am for carrying out
that pledge like an honest man, with no dodg-
ing about it. If we cannot whip oar opponents
honestly with the colored vote, why let Democ-
racy reign. My own opinion is, decidedly, that
we ought to pass a general amnesty bill, and
let us have peace, or try to have peace; although
I know some of these people a.re not much
inclined to peace, and do not like the Govern-
ment. I am sorry for it ; but I do not think
we shall get them to like it any better by keep-
ing them in a state of bondage. Now, if this
bill is to pass, I would like to have it pass with-
out all this stuff about "general grace, amnesty,
and oblivion," &c., [laughter,] which I can-
not comprehend, because I have not got sense
enough, I suppose.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The bill reported by
the select Committee on Reconstruction is not
by any means the unanimous report of the cuip-
mittee, nor is it the report of a majority of the
committee. The report was permitted to be
made with the understanding that amendments
should be admitted, and the sense of the House
taken on the different propositions. Amongthe
amendments proposed is one offered by myself
proposing to remove the political disabilities
from all persons which are imposed by the
third section of the fourteenth article of the
amendments to the Constitution.
I proposed that amendment because I want
to have no half way work. 1 do not think that
the present condition of the country requires
that we should any longer hesitate to remove
the disabilities of all persons, as it was con-
templated we should do at the timethat amend-
ment was adopted. That section of the amend-
ment imposing disabilities was intended at the
tune to remain operative until (and no longer)
reconstruction could be completed and the
rights of all persons under the Government
should be secured by proper constitutional
guarantees, so that it should be safe to relieve
these persons.
I find from Representatives from southern
States, members of the same political party to
which I belong, that it, is pretty nearly the
unanimous sentiment of the Republicans in
those States that these disabilities should be
removed. I atn not aware that anybody in the
country has asked that Congress should make
any exceptions in this matter of removing dis-
abilities. I have seen no petition from any
State in the South, or from any quarter, remon-
strating against our relieving all persons; nor
has any member of this House, I venture to
say, seen any petition from any source praying
Congress to pass any such bill as has been
reported from the committee.
This morning I took up a newspaper from
Georgia, a leading Republican paper, and the
very first thing which met my eye, and which
was the motto of the paper, was "universal
amnesty." The colored people of the South
ask it. Having obtained their own rights, and
having those rights guarantied to them by
proper constitutional enactments, they, more
liberal and more just than some of us, are
asking that we shall relieve their white neigh-
bors from political disabilities. Leading papers
of all political parties in the United States,
edited by the best editorial brains in the coun-
try, are advocating the same thing. With very
few exceptions the Republican party outside
of this Congress is in favor of universal relief.
Now, it is said that to relieve everybody is to
relieve Jeff. Davis, and John C. Breckinridge,
and some other rebels. That is very true; but
that is so with all laws of a general character.
It is so in all the States; there are some men
voting and holding office, or eligible to office,
who ought not to do so, and who ought, per-
haps, to be in the penitentiary. If exceptions
are to be made at all, they should be made
rather by name than by classes. It is
unjust to exclude persons from amnesty wuo
ought to be relieved as it is to relieve those
who ought to be excluded. To exclude men
by classes is unfair, because in all classes there
are good men. If you exclude every man
who, being a member of Congress, went into
the rebellion, you will exclude some men who
ought to be relieved. So if you exclude every
man who, having been eduoated at the Military
or Naval Academy, went into the rebellion,
you will exclude from the operation of the law
men who ought to be relieved. We have
relieved men of that class already. General
Longstreet is the most prominent, perhaps,
of that class that I can remember now, and he
is holding a very prominent office by appoint-
ment of the President of the United States.
He deserved relief, and his appointment under
the circumstances was probably a wise one.
Now, all laws which operate unequally are
unjust laws. It is better to err in favor of
justice and mercy than it is to err to their
prejudice ; so I see no practicable way, and no
just way of disposing of this matter and mak-
ing any exceptions at all, unless you name the
persons excepted by name and not by classes.
Why, sir, five and one half years have elapsed
since the close of the war. Who dreamed five
and a half years ago that so much time would
elapse before we should exercise to the fullest
extent that power in the constitutional amend-
ment? Toward the enforcement of the protec-
tion of the rights of the people we have made
greater progress than any body anticipated at
that time. No one then dreamed of our making
such headway in the work of protecting the
rights of tiie loyal people and the freedmen.
That is all right and proper; but why should
we longer continue these disfranchisements
and disqualifications? It is impracticable for
us to be constantly doling out pardons, "ped-
dling out amnesty," as it has been termed, to
A, ]3,.or C, filling page after pageot'our statute-
books with hundreds of names of those among
the forty million inhabitants of the United States
upon whom we are willing to bestow this mercy.
It is impracticable and loolish.
It is impracticable for us also to draw pre-
cedents from English statutes. The circum-
stances which surround us are very different
indeed. We learned yesterday whence this bill
was drawn—almost verbatim from an English
statute a century and a quarter old. Sir, there
are no circumstances surrounding us which
would justify us in making that a precedent
for our action. In that case various statutes
of forfeiture, pains, penalties, fines, confisca-
tions, and amercements had been jjassed by the
English Parliament; various prosecutions and
convictions had been had, and it was proper
enough they should pass a statute of indem-
nity, of amnesty, though not proper it should
have been "clogged," as the English historian
says, with the exceptions contained in it. We
have passed no statutes of pains and penalties
from which people are to be relieved. There
are no fines or forfeitures or penalties that I
know of that people are complaining of. No-
body is asking any such relief. No prosecu-
tions for treason are going on which should be
stayed, nothing of the sort. And this bill,
reported from the committee, does not propose,
nor does its author propose, that it should have
the effect or that it is intended to relieve peo-
ple from prosecution for treason. Almost all
the offenses, assaults, and riots, and the like,
named in this bill are now barred by the stat-
utes of limitations and require no amnesty, no
condonement, no forgiveness. Very little of
that sort of litigation is going on in the South.
But the bill, it seems, is gotten up for another
purpose, and a most extraordinary purpose,
too. While the author professes this law will
bring peace to the people of the South, m:
admits in the next breath that it will open to
suit matters which now are closed, mattcis
sounding in contract made with the enemy,
suits growing out of contracts which were in
aid of the rebellion, though not so expressed
in the contract.
