132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December 15,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
say, Mr. Speaker, to the honorable gentleman
that I do not admit bat propose to contest
that point.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, Mr. Speaker,
I did not suppose there was any question about
that from the conversation between members
of the committee when together, as well as from
admissions on the floor of the House yesterday.
I did not suppose there could be any sort of
question that this bill if passed will prevent
parties setting up the plea of "alien enemies"
or " contraband of war" in suits which may be
brought and which now cannot be maintained.
For instance: a man in the State of Illinois
sent money to South Carolina for the purpose
of purchasing cotton, or sent quinine or medi-
cines down there to be exchanged for commod-
ities of the South during the war. He has his
agent, his correspondent, in Charleston, to
whom he sends this money, or these goods.
He knew at the time that was illegal, that was
contraband, that he had no right to trade with
the enemy, that it was contrary to law, and to
the proclamation of the President which had
the force of law ; but he took the risk. At the
present time, if that man sue to recover back
Lis money, not having received cotton or other
goods, the party in the South may set up the
plea that this was aviolation oflaw, a trade with
alien enemies, contraband of war. The courts
would maintain that plea. They would not
allow the suit to be maintained, holding both
parties equally guilty, in pari delicto.
Now, sir, pass this bill, and what is the
effect? That plea can only be maintained by
some man exempted from the provisions of
this bill. Every man, then, to whom amnesty
is granted may bring this suit., and the party
to whom amnesty is granted cannot set up
the plea; but if he is a " bounty-jumper," or
a "deserter," or " educated at the Military
Academy," or "a member of Congress," or
of the " Cabinet of James Buchanan," he may
set up the plea. Would not that be a very
strange law ? The best men to whom you extend
the amnesty will be debarred by this bill from
making that plea, while the worst men, who
are made exceptions to the amnesty, may set
it up. If that is not a fair construction of the
bill I will give way to any gentleman to explain
wherein it is not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I pro-
pose to combat that proposition, but will not
take up the gentleman's time to do so now.
Mr. FARNSW ORTH. So, too, in reference
to that provision of the first section of this bill
which forgives and relieves bodies-politic and
bodies-corporate for their treason and mis-
prisions of treason, &c. Under what statute
of the United States can a body-politic or a
body-corporate be held guilty of treason ? Sup-
pose a man in the city of New York sold rifles
to a town or county in Virginia, for the pur-
pose of being used in arming and equipping a
company or regiment of men to fight the Gov-
ernment, that not being expressed in the con-
tract. If it was expressed in the contract to
be for the rebellion, I grant you it would be
included in one clause of this bill; but not be-
ing so expressed in the contract, although well
known by all parties at that time to be for that
purpose, the party supplying the arms cannot
now maintain his suit for those arms. Pass
this bill, and neither party can set up the plea
of the rebellion, and that the contract was
illegal on account of it, as a defence, for this bill
provides that there shall be no loss or for-
feit ure of any rights by reason of the rebellion.
Rights are neither acquired nor lost.
I happen to know some instances whore
arms have been sold in this way to equip sol-
diers for the rebellion, well known by the
individuals engaged in the transaction to be
for that purpose, tllthough not so expressed at
the lime. There were agents here in the city
of Washington dealing with them and selling
them arms, one I recollectfrom my own State,
when they knew as well as they knew the sun
was shining at the time that these arms were
to be used for the purpose 6f aiding a rebellion
against the Government. These men now can-
not recover such debts, and ought not. The
payment for these things, these rebel debts
growing out of the war, so far as claims could
be made against the Government of the United
States or any State, is prevented by that other
section of the fourteenth article of amendment
to the Constitution. And the fact that such a
bill as this is now presented to this House
shows the wisdom of adopting that provision
of the Constitution. It shows also our lack
of wisdom, that we did not go further and
declare all such debts invalid and void,
whether against iudividuals or bodies corporate
or politic, as well as the Government of the
United States or any State.
The fact has already been adverted to by
other gentlemen that this bill is a very singu-
lar and incongruous mixture. It contains
matters which may become law if adopted by
a majority vote ; and it contains other matters
which cannot become law unless adopted by a
two-thirds-vote of each House of Congress.
Now, these things ought not to be grouped
together in the same bill. It is contrary to all
precedent, contrary to all fairness, that they
should be so grouped. It is a cheat, whether
so intended or not, to group together things of
that sort, contradictory in their nature, some
of which may be adopted by a majority vote,
while others cannot be adopted except by n
two thirds vote; thus hoping to get votes for
the relief of disabilities, so as to pass the biil
by a majority vote, without any expectation of
a two thirds vote for the relief of political dis-
abilities.
There is another thing about this bill which
has been adverted to. It comes from the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, which is the polit-
ical committee, not the law committee ol' this
House. That committee should have nothing
to do with the settlement of legal questions,
the relief from legal disabilities, or the defini-
tion and restoration of legal rights. There is a
law committee here, camposcd of gentlemen
supposed to be learned in the law, whose duty
it is lo investigate all such questions, and to
report to the House all bills of that kind. But
this bill, unless passed by a two thirds vote, so
as to make it apply to political disabilities, is
in no sense a political bill. It becomes then a
law adopted by a majority vote of both Houses
settling legal questions, and legal questions
only.
I said a few moments ago that there is no
parallel between the circumstances surround-
ing us and those of Great Britain at the time
of the passage of the act of amnesty on which
this bitl is modeled. I hold in my hand a his-
tory of those times, by Lord Mahon, himself
a loyalist, who believed in punishing treason ;
who thought it proper and just that prosecu-
tions and punishments should take place. He
tells us what took place at that time, and I will
read a little from his account of the prosecu-
tions and punishments for treason :
"The Scottish prisoners were removed for trial to
England, lest their own countrymen should show
them partiality or pity. At one time there were no
loss than three hundred and eighty-five crowded to-
gether at Carlisle; of these, however, the common
men were permitted to cast Jots; one in twenty to
be tried and hanged, the rest to be transported.
There was no difficulty in obtaining proofs against
individuals who had so openly appeared in arms.
Among the earliest sufferers were Colonel 'f own ley
and eight other officers or privates of the Manchester
regiment, who were hanged atKennington Common,
near London.
" Other executions took place at York, at Bramp-
ton, and at Penrith: in all there were eighty. The
barbarous ceremony of unboweling, mangling, and
casting the hearts into the fire was not omitted, nor
did it fail—such is the vulgar appetite for the hor-
rible—to draw forth exulting shouts Irom the spec-
tators. Differing as the sufferers did in age and rank
and temper,' they yet, with scarcely an exception,
agreed in their behavior on the scaffold, all dying
with firmness and courage, asserting the justice of
their cause and praying for the exiled family.
" Among these numerous condemnations the one
peihaps of all other;, most open to exception was
that of Charles Radcliffe, brother of the E;jrl ofDer-
weiitwater, beheaded in 1716. Charles Radeliffe had
then avoided a like fate by breaking from prison; he
had lately been captured on board a trench vessel
bound for Scotland with supplies for the insurgents;
and he was now, after a long confinement, put to
death upon his former sentence, which hau slumbered
for thirty years."
Such was the condition of things in England
at the time of the amnesty. Such was the bar-
barism of the people of England. Such was
the character of the Government and laws of
England at that time. How can we draw a
precedent from English statutes to apply to
our own time? There is no analogy. We have
none of those prosecutions, none of those ex-
ecutions, none of those barbarities. The courts
of the United States and the several States
have made a line of decisions which settle
about all the controversies which have grown
or can grow up in the South. Take the decis-
ions of the courts, with such statutes as have
already been passed, and there is 110 difficulty,
so far as I hear, in any of the southern States
in settling the controversies which arise in the
courts. One gentleman of this House has told
me that he has defended some suits such as I
suggested a few minutes ago—cases growing
out of the running of the blockade, contraband
trade, &c. In such cases the defense of "alien
enemy" or •'contraband trade" is set up as a
plea in bar, and is uniformly held to be a good
defense. In.tliese cases the courts.have estab-
lished precedents which settle controversies
that arise in every conceivable way, growing
out of the war.
Sir, if this bill be adopted without amend-
ment, I defy any lawyer in this House to give
a clear and satisfactory explanation of the
effect it will have when construed by the courts
upon these various controversies. It will laud
us I certainly do not know where. This, per-
haps, is owing to my ignorance ; but I have read
and re-read the bill several times with a good
deal of care, and I confess that it is beyond my
ken to tell where it would land us; what con-
struction the various provisions would receive
from the courts. I do not know what claws
are covered in this meal ; but that there are
claws we shall certainly find out if the bill ever
becomes a law. What men have suits or causes
of action, which are now barred and which they
wish to revive, I do not know. What men
have committed thefts or other rascalities,
which they are afraid will come to light, and
which they wish to have covered in oblivion
forever, Idonotknow. Now, while the people
all over the country are looking for an act of
amnesty such as is contemplated by the four-
teenth amendment; while from every portion
of the South come up petitions for the relief
of men from their political disabilities; while
the people of the South are asking for this
bread, will you give them a stone?
Why, Mr. Speaker, instead of being a bill
to quiet suits and put an end to vexatious liti-
gation in the South, it will rather foster and
revive suits which are now dead. After the
passage of this act of amnesty in Great Britain
from which this bill is copied, the historian,
himself, as I have said before, a loyalist, speak-
ing of that act, says:
"A few weeks afterward there happily passed an
act of indemnity, granting a pardon to nil persons
who had committed treason, but clogged with about
eighty exceptions."
This English historian himself speaks of it
as being clogged with exceptions. So it is
proposed to clog this bill with exceptions.
A Member. How long after the rebellion
was that amnesty passed ?
Mr. FARNSWORt'H. Only one or two
years after the rebellion. That rebellion was
in 1745, I believe, and this act of indemnity
was passed in 17-17. Within two years that
bill was passed in Great Britain, where they
disemboweled men, where they roasted men's
hearts for treason, where they confiscated a
man's goods, and carried out the doctrine that
the sins of the father should be visited upon
the children to the third and fourth generation,
In that England, half civilized as it then was,
