1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
138
they passed this act within two years from the
treaty of peace; but the history says that it was
clogged with exceptions. Yet here it is pro-
posed, five and a half years after the war is
over, in a Republic where amnesty comes
from the people and not from the crown ; in a
Republic where we have given to every man,
no matter what his condition^ a voice in-the
Government, excepting only the men under
these disabilities—tive years and a half after
peace was declared, and after every State is
reconstructed, it is proposed that we shall still
"clog with exceptions" our acts of amnesty.
Somebody is afraid that Jeff. Davis will come
to Congress, or that the ghost of some other
rebel will haunt us. While you are excluding
Jeff. Davis you are excluding a whole class;
and in excluding a whole class you exclude
a great many among the best brains and the
best hearts now in the South. We gain noth-
ing by it. As was said by a gentleman yester-
day, and I was sorry to hear it come from a
Democrat; we ought to have discovered it
and acted upon it ourselves—we have lost by
the course we have pursued ; a little gener-
osity exercised atthepropertimemakesfnends
and not enemies. It is so everywhere and
among all peoples. By excluding these peo-
ple from the right to hold office, as they are
not excluded from the ballot-box but can vote,
you only make them greater enemies; while
their sous, who are not excluded from office,
are presented as candidates in place of their
fathers, and they are more bitter than their
fathers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, 1 have
studied the bill now under consideration with
as much care as the limited time I have had
would allow, and I wish to state to the House
some of the reasons why I regard it as bad in
form as wrong in some of its purposes, and, if
it should become a law, why i believe it will
be pernicious in some of its consequences.
To comprehend the purpose and effect of the
bill a few brief words of explanation may be
proper.
Its comprehensive title declares that it throws
the mantle of oblivion over " all wrongful acts,
doings, or omissions, of all persons engaged ia
the war of the late rebellion."
The title, however, is more liberal or reek-
less (I know not which to characterize it) than
the bill itself, since there are persons excepted
from its grace who were engaged in rebellion,
and it does not lelieve from liability for all
wrongful acts or omissions any person.
The title of the bill is as wide of the truth as
the bill is reckless of results and regardless of
the means of accomplishing them. But the
bill does seek to accomplish certain results,
and among them these :
1. To grant amnesty for treason, rebellion,
snd " all offenses" committed between April
Jl, 1861, and August 20, 18G6, in carrying out
prosecuting, aiding, or interfering with the war
of the rebellion, in its behalf or in behalf of the
United States.
2. To remove all political disabilities im-
posed by the third section of the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution.
3. To remove all civil liability for money
owing, and on all judgments, and for all acts
done or duties omitted during the rebellion in
any way arising or coming from or concerning
the rebellion, either in aid of it or on behalf of
the United States.
4. To prohibit criminal prosecutions or civil
proceedings in the national courts on account
of any matter, so relieved against, and for the
removal of all such prosecutions or proceedings
frem the State courts to the national courts.
From the political and legal grace provided
in this bill, so far as I have stated it, there are
certain classes of persons excepted, as follows:
Fwst. Whoever, lifiving been educated at the Mil-
itary Academy at \Ve.-t Point, or the Naval School
.at Annapolis, shall liavo eug.iged in the rebellion
 nd insurrection ngnmst the United States, or given
aid and comfort to the enemies thereof.
Second. Whoever, having been a member of either
House of Congress of the United States, shall have
engaged in rebellion egainst tbo same, or given aid
and comfort to tbe enemies thereof, and whoever
was a member of the so-called confederate congress.
Third. Whoever shall have held the ollice of head
of one of the Executive Departments oftho Govern-
ment of the United States, or minister plenipoten-
tiary, or minister resident, or.judge ofany court under
the United States, and shall have engaged in rebel-
lion or insurrection against the sarao, or given aid
and comfort to the enemies thereof; and whoever
shall have held either of the like otticcs under the
so-called confederate States.
Fourth. Whoever as a member of a convention
shall have voted for or signed any ordinance of se-
cession of any .State, or whoever shall have held the
office of Governor of such State while the same was in
rebellion.
Fifth. Whoever while in the service of tho so-
called confederate States treated with cruelty, or
otherwise than according to the usages of war, nny
prisoner of war held by authority of tho so-called
confederate States.
Sixth. Whoever, having charge and custody of the
public moneys of the United States, intrusted t.o
tbom between said dates, hare not duly accounted
for and paid over the same; and whoever shall have
embezzled or secreted public stores, public goods,
chattels, moneys, provisions, or military and naval
property of the United States.
Seventh. And deserters lrora the Army and Navy
of the United States, and all bounty-jumpers.
The bill then declares that the cemeteries for
Union soldiers are the property of the United
States, in fee, by capture in war, and that every
officer, soldier, and agent of the United States
shall be relieved of liability for executing the
reconstruction and other acts of Congress for
the government of the rebellious States.
To all that part of the bill which would pro-
tect the officers and soldiers of the Union Army
from civil liability or criminal prosecutions for
any act done or omitted during the rebellion
in any way in behalf of the Government, or
in, about, or concerning the war, I can moct
heartily subscribe.
To that part of the bill which affirms the
nation's title to the cemeteries of our soldiers,
and promises to protect them inalienable for-
ever, I most heartily subscribe.
To that part of the bill which relieves Union
officers and soldiers from all liability for exe-
cuting the reconstruction and other acts of
Congress for the government of the rebellious
States, I most heartily subscribe. I would go
further, and indemnity all Union officers and
soldiers for all they have lost by reason of
criminal prosecution or civil actions, growing
out of the perforinaneeof duties to or require-
ments of the Government, so that no officer or
soldier should sufler for the past., and none
ever have cause to doubt or distrust the pro-
tection of the Government in the future.
But there are some features of this bill I
desire to discuss, and some considerations I
wish to present, as to the mode of dealing with
or disposing of the various subjects, all united
in this one measure.
This bill comprehends much more than
amnesty.
Amnesty has been defined by many author-
ities.
I ask the Clerk to road, from two stand-
ard American Dictionaries, the definition of
amnesty.
The Clerk read as follows :
" J, mne^y : Pr. amtiestie, Gi\, s(.,iae%tia, from a, not,
and nimnthni, to remember. Commonly applied to
a public declaration tlia.t all acts ag.unot the estab-
lished authority shall be forgotten and pardoned.
(See tl'cquotation from Hume.)
"It is used in the Latin form by Howell, to denote
forgeUutness.
" 'I pray tell him that T did not think Suffolk waters
had such a lethean quality m them as to c.iuse such
an amni'stki in him of his friends here.'—Llov:':ll, b.
iii, let. 6.
" " Suppose a great kingdom, consisting of several
provinces, should have revolted from their sover-
eign, disclaiming his authority, neglecting and dis-
obeying his laws : that tho good prince, out of his
goodnrv* and pity toward them, (and upon other good
considerations moving him thereto, suppose the
mediation of his own son) instead of piosecuting
them witn deS"rved vengeance, should grant a gen-
end p.iruon and anineitt!.'—Barrow, vol. tin sec.41.
" ' We learn trom ancient history that Thrasybulus
passed a generil amnesty for all past otfenses, and
first introduced that word, as well as practice, in
Greece."''—Hj.i/te's Fruits, part 2, essay 11. 10.ch~
"ardson. .
"Airmcsti/, ii. [Latin, amna&tia; Greek, amnestia, a
forgetting, frffm amnestos, forgotten, forgetful, from
a, priv., and mimneskeia, root, mint, to remember:
French, amnistie.] An act of oblivion; a general
pardon of the offenses committed in time of war, or
the proclamation of such pardon."
Mr.'LAWRENCE. The "proclamation of
such pardon"—says the book—an act of exec-
utive authority. It has been doubted whether
amnesty is not exclusively an executive or
presidential power; one which cannot be either
granted or limited by legislation, or provided
for by law. In England no such question can
arise, for Parliament can exercise, not ouly
legislative, but executive and jud cial power.
American law writers have sometimes treated
of amnesty without considering the differeuco
between thepowerofParliament and Congress,
while others have regarded it as an executive
and treaty-making power.
I will ask the Clerk to read from Paschal'a
Annatated Constitution a note which I seud
to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
"And Pardons.—In common parlance, forgive-
ness, release, remission. (Ex jvntf. Well?, 18 ilow.,
307.) In law every pardon had its particular denom-
ination. Xhey are general, special, or particular,
conditional or absolute, statutory, not necessary in
some cases, and in some grantablo of course."
" Hero it is meant that the power is to bo used ac-
cording to law ; that is, as it bad been used in Eog-
iand and thcseStates when they were Colonies; that
is, accordingiotheprinciplesol the English common
Jaw at tho time oftho adoption of this Constitution.
(United States vs. Wilson, 7 Pet., 162; Ex parte Wel:s,
18 Ilow. 801).) Hcnco, when the words' to grant par-
dons' were used in the Constitution they conveyed to
the mind the authority as exercised by tho Enslish
Crown, or by it* representatives. (Cathcartw. Rob-
inson, 5 Pot. 204,280: navel's case, 8 Watts & Ser-
geant. 107.")
"A pardon is said by Lord Coke to be a work of
mercy, 'whereby tho king, either before attainder,
sentence, or conviction, or afi or, lorgiveth any crime,
offense, punishment, execution, right, title, debt, or
duty, tempore! or ecclesiastical.' (3 Inst., 253; Eas
parte Weils. 18 Ilow., 311, 312.) The wholo subject
discussed. (Id.)
4,Hc may pardon as well before trial and conviction
as alterward. (0 Opin.. 20. See the proclamations
of amnesty in relation to the rebellion)."
•< <]c $ $ & # & #
"The pardoning includes that of remitting fines,
penalties, and iorlei'ures under the revenue laws,
(2 Pet., 329,) tho laws prohibiting tho slave trade,
(4 Id.,573.) lines imposed on defaulting jurors. (3 Id..
317; 4 Id., 453,) for a contempt of court, (3 Id., 622,)
and in criminal cases, (Id., 418,) even treason, am-
nesty proclamations, and warrants; and the same
power is possessed over a judgment, after security
ior its payment shall have been given as before.
(Id.) But tho President has no power to remit tho
iorleiture of a bail bond. (4Id., 144.) Nor,itsecins,
can he, by a pardon, defeat a legal interest or right
which has become vested in a private ciU/,en ; as. for
example, the vesteil right of an otlieer making a
seizure. (U. S. vs. Lancaster. 4 Wash. C. C.,6i; 4
Opm.,370; GId.,615; and see 5 Id., 632, 579)."
"The President alone can pardon offenses commit-
ted in a Territory in violation of acts of Congress.
(7 Opin., 701.) lie has power to order a, nolle ^prose-
qui in any stage of a criminal proceeding in the
name of the United States. (5 id., 7^9.) He par-
doned tbe rebels upon their taking the oath of am-
nesty, with certain exceptions, by general proclama-
tion. The warrants issued to those within special
exceptions were all conditional.
" The power to pardon is unlimited with tho excep-
tions stated. It extends to every olFonso known to
the law, may be excrcised at any time alter irs com-
mission, either betorclegal proceedings are taken or
during thcirpendency, or after conviction and judg-
ment. This power of the President is not subject to
legislative control.
"Congress, can neither limit the effect of bis pardon
nor exclude trom its exercise any class ot offenders.
The benign prerogative of mercy cannot be fettered
by any legislative restriction." (.tix 2J«r£eGarland 
4 Wail, 380)."
Mr. BUTLER, ot' Massachusetts. What
work is that from ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. From Fascial's Anno-
tated Constitution. Judge Paschal is known
to be a very able lawyer and a very able judge,
but I can also quote from a decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States in a ease
which was argued upon one side bythegenile-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Bl'tler] him-
self. That is an authority which i hope the
Gentleman from Massachusetts will respect.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What
effect would the approval of the President
have upon it?
Mr. LAWRENCE. His approval will not
