1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dm
even hundreds of dollars; of the fourth Glass, in
even tens of dollars: and of the fifth class, in even
dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three of
section [eighty-three] eighty-four, to strike out
"any" and insert "and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixteen of
section [eighty-four] eighty-five, to insert the
words "and other mailable" between "print-
ed" and " matter."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing additional section after section [ninety-
two] ninety-three:
Sac. 94. And be it further enacted. That the free-
delivery system shall be established in all cities hav-
ing a population of not less than twenty thousand;
and tnat the salaries of letter-carriers cow or here-
after to be employed in cities having a population
of not les3 than one hundred thousand shall be $800
the first year of their service and $900 per annum
thereafter, and in cities having a less population
than one hundred thousand and not less than fifty
thousand $700 the first year of their service and $800
per annum thereafter and in all other cities 8600
tlrt first year of their service and $700 per annum
thereafter.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion ninety-three, as follows:
Sec. 93. And be it further enacted, That letter-
carriers shall be employed for the free delivery of
mail matter as frequently as the public convenience
may require at every place containing a population
of fifty thousand within the delivery of its postoflice
and at such other places as the Postmaster General
may direct.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion ninety four, as follows:
Sec. 94. And be it further enacted. That the salary
of letter-carriers shall be fixed by the Postmaster
General, and shall not exceed $800per annum; but
on satisfactory evidence of diligence, fidelity, and
experience he may increase their salary to any sum
not exceeding S1.000 per annum, and in San Fran-
cisco, California, he may pay such additional salaries
to carriers as will secure the services of competent
persons.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following section :
Sec. 100. And be it further enacted. That the per-
son in charge of a branch office may be a depositary
for the sale of postage stamps and stamped envel-
opes. which may be delivered to him for that pur-
pese by the postmaster in sums not at any time to
exceed one half the penalty of his bond.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [one
hundred and one] one hundred, to strike out in
line three the word "four" before "ounces,"
and insert "two ; " in line four, to strike out
"letter-carrier" before "office" and insert
" post; " in line five, to strike out " its " and
insert "by ; " in line six, to strike oat " four "
and insert '' two ; " in line seven, to strike out
"two cents" and insert " one cent for: " in
line eight, after " each," to insert "additional
weight of two ounces or fraction thereof; " so
as to make the section read:
Sec. [101] 100. And be it further enacted. That the
rate of postage on newspapers, excepting weeklies,
periodicals not exceeding two ounces in weight, and
circulars when the same are deposited in a.post ofiioe
lor delivery by the office or by carriers, shall be uni-
form ar one cent each ; bnt periodicals weighing more
than two ounces shall be subject to a postage of one
cent for each additional weight of two ounces or
fraction thereof: and these rates shall be prepaid by
stamps.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [one
hundred and five] one hundred and four, alter
the word "exchange," in line six, to insert
"and of compensation to postmasters."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [one
hundred and eight] one hundred and seven,
to strike out the words "less than one nor"
before "more," in line two, so as to read,
"no mouey order shall be issued for more
than fifty dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amend men t was in section [one hun- 1
dred and twenty-two] one hundred and twenty- [
one, to strike out after the word "deemed." •;
in line seven, the #ords "to be money-order i
funds and" and to insert in lieu thereof the j
words "and taken to be;" so as to make the '
section read: !
Sue. [122]_ 121. And be it further enacted. That all '
money received for the sale of money orders, inclnd-
ins: all fees thereon; all money transferred from the !
postal revenues to the money-order funds; all money i
transferred or paid from the money-order fands to j
the service of the Post Office Department; and all j
money-order funds transferred from one postmaster
to another, shall be deemed and taken to be money
in the Treasury of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end
of section [one hundred and twenty-two] one
hundred and twenty-one, the following clause:
And itshall he the duty of any Assistant Treasurer
of the United States to open, at the request of the
Postmaster General, an account of "money-order
funds" deposited by postmasters to the credit of the
Postmaster General, and of drafts against the amount
so deposited, drawn by him and countersigned by
the Auditor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [one
hundred and thirty four] one hundred and
thirty-three, after the word "newspapers," in
line three, to insert "or magazines;" after
"posters;" in line four, to insert "unsealed
circulars;" aftet- "merchandise," in line six,
to strike out "not exceeding twelve ounces in
weight" and to insert "packages of cotton,
woolen, or linen clothing;" so as to make the
section read:
That mailable matter of the third class shall em-
brace all pamphlets, occasional publications, tran-
sient newspapers or magazines, hand-bills, posters,
unsealed circulars, prospectuses, books, book man-
uscripts, proof-sheets, corrected proof-sheets, maps,
prints, engravings, blanks, flexible "patterns, samples
of merchandise, packages of cotton, woolen, or linen
clothing, sample cards, phonographic paper, letter
envelopes, postal envelopes and wrappers, cards,
plain and ornamental paper, photographic repre-
sentations of different types, seeds, cuttings, bulbs,
roots, scions, and all other matter which may be
declared mailable by law, and all other articles not
above the weight prescribed by law, which are not,
from their form or nature, liable to destroy, deface,
or otherwise injure the contents of the mail-bag, or
the person of any one engaged in the postal service.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines eighteen,
nineteen, twenty, and twenty-one of section
[one hundred and thirty four] one hundred
and thirty-three, to strike out the following
words:
Samples of metals, ores, and mineralogical speci-
mens shall not exceed twelve ounces in weight
and.
And in lieu thereof insert:
All matter of the third class, excepting books and
other printed matter, book manuscripts, proof-sheets,
and corrected proof-sheets, shall not exceed sixteen
ounces in weigdt, and all matter of the third class.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [one
hundred and forty nine] onehundred and forty-
eight, afterth'eword '■character," in line three,
to insert " or any letter upon the envelope of
which scurrilous epithets may have been writ-
ten or printed, or disloyal de'vices printed or !
engraved;" before the word ,! carried," iu line |
six, to insert "admitted into or;" to strike 1
out the word "obscene" before "publication " !
in line eight, and after tl^e word " publication" !
to insert "or letter;" and in line twelve to .
strike out the words " according to the circum- 1
stances and' aggravation of the offense" and !
insert "at the discretion of the court;" so as
to make the section read:
Sec. [149] lis. And be it further enacted, That no ,
obscene book, pamphlet, picture, print, or other '
publication of a vulgar or indecent character, or '
any letter upoh the envelope of which scurrilous |
epithets may have been written or printed, or dis- ;
loyal devices printed or engraved, shall be admitted '
into or carried in the mail; and any person who :
shall knowingly deposit, or cause to be deposited,
for mailing or for delivery, any such publication or j
letter, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and j
on conviction thereof shall, for every such offense, j
be fined not more than §503, or imprisoned not more |
than one year, or both, at the discretion of the court. I
The amendment was agreed to. '
The next amendment was in section [one
hundred and fifty-two] one hundred and fifty-
one, in line two to strikeout the words "paid
only in part," and to insert in lieu thereof
"on which at least one full rate of postage
has been paid as required by law;" bo as to
make the section read :
Sec. [152] 151. And be it further enacted, That all
mail matter deposited for mailing, on which at least
one full rate of postage has been paid as required
by law, shall be jorwarded to itsdestination charged
with the unpaid rate, to be collected on delivery.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONivLING. 1 ask the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads to that section. My purpose
is to inquire of him what the objection is to
amending this provision by using iu lieu of the
word "rate," which would require the whole
postage to be paid although a part had been
prepaid, some word which would leave only
the residue of unpaid postage to be paid, or
if there be objection to that, because it would
interfere with the system of prepayment, what
would be the objection to arranging something
less than the whole rate 1
Mr. RAMSEY. Does the Senator want an
answer ?
Mr. CONELING. Of course.
Mr. RAMSEY. I conceive that the found-
ation for all the reforms in the Post Office
Department is based upon prepayment of
postage. Three cents is one rate. Now sup-
pose you reduce that rate to one cent, which
has been asked for in various quarters of the
country, and allow one cent to carry the letter;
of course all over this country, instead of find-
ing a three-cent stamp on a letter, the .appro-
priate postage, you would find one cent, aud
thus the policy of the Post Office Department
of the Government for many years would at
once be abrogated. That is the serious objec-
tion to it. But the Senator is mistaken ; we
do not require the full payment of postage. If
the letter, for instance, be properly chargeable
with six cents, or nine cents, or twelve cents,
it is sufficient that three cents shall have
been prepaid, and the balance is required to
be paid at the termination of the route. What
the Senator proposes would be a virtual
abandonment of the exaction of prepayment
of postage.
Mr. CON'KLINGr. If the honorable Sen-
ator is right as to the effect of the law now, it
means more than I think it should, and it
involves the whole objection which he assigned
to my question. If I apprehend him aright,
he says now that if I deposit in the mail a
package the legal postage upon which would
be fifty cents, and I put upon it a three cent
stamp, it goes on its way and brings up, not
in the dead-letter office, but at its destination,
liable to the option of the person addressed to
pay the residue of the postage and take it out
or refuse it. Ts that what he means 1
Mr. RAMSEY. I mean, of course, that one
rate prepaid will carry it to its destination,
and the balance is to be paid there.
Mr. CONKLINGr. The Senator means,
then, that I may deposit a package, the post-
age upon which would be thirty cents or fifty
cents, and by putting on a three-cent stamp I
start it, and it goes to its destination. Then, I
ask him why that does not interfere with the
prepayment system to a much greater extent
than would the proposition which I submit to.
him?
Now, let me make him understand the prop-
osition which I do submit. Take for example
the city in which I reside: in territorial limits
it is very narrow; in actual geography it is not
so narrow. There runs, for example, a nar-
row river along the thickly built part of the
town, and the limit of the city is the thread
of that stream; and although you may toss a
stone across, on the other side of the river
there is another town. Now, dropping in the
post office of my city a letter addressed to a
man who does not live one mile or three quar-
ters of a mile from the post office, he never-
