134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
affect it; but there is a serious abjection to
uniting a proposition which requires his ap-
proval with one which does not; for if he
should veto the whole bill the question would
then arise what effect his veto would have on
that part of the bill which proposes to relieve
rebels from their political disabilities?
Mr. NI BLACK. The gentleman from Ohio
has examined this bill more carefully than I
have had an opportunity to do, and I should
be glad to have his opinion as to the power of
Congress to grant relief in regard to pending
suits which have gone to judgment in State
courts, whether Congress has any more power
over that subject than it had before the adop-
tion of the fourteenth amendment. If I have
read this bill correctly, its effect, if it shall
become a law and be held constitutional, will
be to transfer causes after they are brought to
judgment in State courts and to grant new
trials in the Federal courts. Now, it is con-
templated that this transfer shall be made on a
snggestion merely, or in some other summary
way. that the cause of the action grew out of
some matter connected with the late war; but
whether it did or not is a matter ultimately to
bo tried in some way; and hence the nature
of the action will become an issue in the case,
and the question will have to be raised by a
plea in bar, or in some such way.
Mr. BU l'LEB, of Massachusetts. Or a plea
to the jurisdiction.
Mr. NIBLACK. Well, suppose it can be
raised by a plea to the jurisdiction, will not
the truth of the plea have to be tried, and does
not that constitute a new trial ? I cannot see
any practical difference.
Mr. LAW REN CM It must be a plea in bar,
not to the jurisdiction. The plea to escape
liability will assert, that the act complained of
was done in aid of rebellion, and the power to
hear and determine an issue upon such plea is
jurisdiction. There can be no plea, therefore,
to the jurisdiction.
Mr. N1BLACK. You can raise the question
of jurisdiction at any point, as I understand the
law in such proceedings. But do you not raise
it as a preliminary question, and does not that
involve a new trial as to questions of fact? That
to me is an insuperable objection to this bill,
if there was no other.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I think my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Nibi,ack] is right." And in the
further progress of my remarks I think I shall
show that this bill is grossly unconstitutional,
not only in the attempts it makes to annihi-
late judgments of the courts, but to annihilate
certain rights of action.
But I was discussing the question what is
amnesty, and whether it is a legislative or
executive power. Upon that subject I invite
the attention of the gentleman irom Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] to a case he argued,
decided by the Supreme Court of the United
States at December term, 1869, the United
States vs. Padelford. In that case the court
say:
" Ihefindingsof the court show clearly enough that
tuo petitioner disapproved of the rebellion, opposed
itns liirns lie thoupf'it opposition prudent or safe, and
w:ie gratified by tUe restoration ot tile national au-
thority. It appears further, that on the 18th of Jan-
, lbou, lie testified his adhesion to the constitu-
tional Ugyeniment of the Union by taking tile oath
prefer.bed by the proclamation of paiUoii issued by
President Lincoln on theSth of December, 18G3; that
Jio was not witinn any ot the exceptions ot the proc-
lamation, ami that he has taithtully kept his oath.
Xhis proclamation, if it needed legislative s.mo-
tion, wjs tufiy warranted by the act of July 17.1S62,
■winch authorized the President, at auy time there-
sitter, to extend pardon and amnesty to persons who
had paiticipnted in the rebfiliun, with sucii excep-
tions as be might see lit to make.
"Xh.it thcProsideiit hud power, if not otherwise,
3'et will, the sanction of Congress, to grant a general
oniidiiion.ilpardon has not been seriously questioned.
And tjjs pardon, by its terms, included restoration
ot i'll right* ot property except as tu slaves and as
against the imerveningrights ofihird nersons. "
" .Now we have already seen that at the time when
the petitioner look the prescribed oath no right of
any 'uiid p, rty had intervened, for even if it could
be admitted that a right of lile Government derived
from capture is an intervening right of a third per-
son within tile meaning of the proclamation, it is cer-
tain that no such right accrued to the Government
until aetuai seizure, which was after the pardon had
taken full effect.
" In the case of Garland this court held the effect
of a pardon to be such ' that in the eye of the law the
offender is as innocent as if he had never committed
the offense;' and in the case of Armstrong'sfoundery
we held that the general pardon granted to him re-
lieved him from a penalty which he had incurred to
the United States.
" It follows that at the time of the seizure of the
petitioner's property he was purged of whatever
offense against the laws of the United States he had
committed by the acts mentioned in the findings,
and relieved from any penalty which he might have
incurred."
I do not propose to go into a discussion or
examination of the question now whether am-
nesty is a legislative or executive power. But
the removal of the political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution is not amnesty. It issuigeneris.
It is a subject by itself, and should be consid-
ered separate and apart from all others.
The subject of relieving Union soldiers and
officers from civil liability or criminal prosecu-
tions for acts done to suppress rebellion is a
subject by itself, and should not bo treated in
the same bill which relieves traitors of their
political disabilities.
The crimes and civil wrongs in aid of rebel-
lion and relief from judgments for such wrongs
constitute still another subject for considera-
tion of a very different character, and involving
constitutional questions well worthy of con-
sideration. These should not be coupled in
the same bill which protects Union soldiers
and officers.
The first objection, then, which I make to
this bill is that it unites relief from political
disabilities requiring a two thirds-vote of all
the members of each House of Congress, and
which is not subject to a presidential veto or
approval, with other relief requiring only the
vote of a majority of a quorum in each House,
but which requires the President's approval
and is subject to his veto.
The third section of the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution imposes the
disability of ineligibility to hold office on cer-
tain classes of rebels. But it provides also
that—
"Congress may, by a vote of two thirds of each
House, remove such disability."
The power ot'Congress 13 complete, exclu-
sive, and requires no approval of the President
to make it effectual. It may be exercised by
concurrent resolution or by a separate resolu-
tion of each Honse,but it should not be by bill
or joint resolution. There can be no doubt of
this.
The fifth article of the Constitution provides
that—
"The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, sh.ili propose amendments to
thisCoB8tuuth>uJ, * * + * "which" *
^ ^ * "'phnll be vnlid" * * * *
** as a part of the Constitution when ratified by the
Legislatures of three lourths of the several States."
President Lincoln notified Congress that his
approval was not necessary to the resolution
submitting to the States the thirteenth article
of amendments, and the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments were not sent to the President for
his approval. The power to remove political
disabilities is conferred in substantially the
same terms as the power to propose amend-
ments to the Constitution. But all the pro-
visions of this bill, except such as remove
poliiical disabilities, must be submitted to the
President for his approval and are subject to
his veto.
I object to the form of this bill, then, because
it adopts a mode of legislation in violation of
the letter and spirit of the Constitution, and
seeks to carry through odious and objection-
able objects by the aid of those which are com-
mendable and deserving—a most dangerous
and pernicious mode of legislation. The next
objection which i make to this bill is that in
some of its provisions it is grossly and hope-
lessly unconstitutional. While it leaves undis-
turbed all rights of property actually acquired
by judgments in court or by levy of executions,
and perhaps judgment liens, it prohibits all
further levies, and declares void lor all pur-
poses of future levy or satisfaction all judg-
ments arising out of any act or contract in aid
of rebellion.
I will not call in question the power of Con-
gress to relieve the officers and soldiers of the
nation from judgments rendered by reason of
acts, omissions, or contracts having for iheir
object the suppression of rebellion. The war
powers of Congress are so transcendent in war,
and as a necessity for all purposes arising out
of war, that laws may be enacted to relieve
all persons from liability for acts which law
could authorize or ratify. But Congress never
had power to authorize an act, con tract, or
omission of duty in aid of rebellion, and can-
not divest the rights acquired by judgment in
favor of one citizen against another, rendered
by reason of such act, omission, or contract.
The power is nowhere conferred by the Con-
stitution, nor is it necessary or proper to exe-
cute auy power which is conferred. Let me
state a case.
A citizen of Pittfbnrg has or might have a
judgment against a rebel for $40,000 for coal
seized during the rebellion and appropriated
to further its objects. This bill proposes to
annihilate the right to enforce this judgment
by new levies. That is an exercise of power
nowhere given by the Constitution.
Mr. NiBLACK. Will the gentleman allow
me one other question ?
Mr. LA WHENCE. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. Is not this in point of fact
a bill to condone and defeat pending law-suits,
rather than to grant amnesty?
Mr. BUTLEll, of Massachusetts. That is
amnesty.
Mr. LAWRENCE. That is not amnesty.
Amnesty is general pardon for crime, and it
relates only to crimes. I know we have a loose
way of speaking of amnesty in the sense of
wiping out all liabilities. But in the technical
legal sense amnesty is generally pardon for
crime, political crime. And now to return to
the cases of these judgments.
How many millions there may be in judg-
ments of this character I know not. Bull know
of no constitutional power to strip loyal men
of their vested rights in this species of prop-
erty, and I will not therefore consider the
expediency, wisdom, or justice of the attempt
to do so.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask a question ?
Mr. LAWliENClO. Certainly.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I would cull attention to
the fifth article of amendment, that no person
shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law. That includes a
right of action, and does not this bill infringe
that right?
Mr. LAWRENCE. That is a prohibition
upon the national Government—upon Con-
gress—copied from Magna Charta, and the four-
teenth article of amendments imposes thesaine
limitation on the States.
This bill violates the article so appropriately-
referred toby the distinguished gentleman, [Mr.
Ghiswold.] A judgment, a right of action,
are both property of which no man can in time
of peace be deprived by due process of law—a
judicial proceeding. Congress has only such
powers as are conferred upon it by the Consti-
tution. There is nowhere in that instnmi> n't
anything conferring upon Congress the power
to deprive a loyal man of his right, acquired by
the judgment of a court, or of any chose in
action, or any right of action.
This bill seeks to annihilate all rights of
action in favor ot loyal men on contracts, or
for acts or omissions of duty in aid of rebellion.
How many millions of rights in action exist in
this species of property in favor of loyal men
against rebels I know not, but the amount must
be vast indeed. In one single county in Ten-
nessee more than forty thousand dollars have
been recovered from rebels by loyal men for
