1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
961
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; on the contrary, as it stands, people in
the vicinity of a post office have their letters
sent to the dead-letter office under the same
circumstances which in case of everybody else
carry them to their destination. And it is
worse than that, because in the case of letters
in the vicinity a two-cent stamp being put upon
a letter, all the postage is paid excepting one
cent, whereas in the other case only a very
small portion of the postage may be prepaid,
and yet the letter avoids the dead-letter office.
Mr. RAMSEY. All drop letters everywhere
are carried for two cents. That is the rate in
New York, in Philadelphia, in Washington,
and in every other city.
Mr. CONKLING. We all understand that;
but the point I make to the Senator is this :
if a man puts on a two-cent stamp in good
faith, which would carry his letter to the place
except for a reason which he does not under-
stand, his letter goes to the dead-letter office,
whereas his neighbor puts on a stamp prepay-
ing but a small part of the postage, withhold-
ing the rest purposely, and, although it is going
to a greater distance, that letter is carried to
its destination.
_ Mr. RAMSEY. The letter cannot be car-
ried unless the sender puts a three-cent stamp
on it.
Mr. CARPENTER. The state of case pre-
sented by the Senator from New York is, in
other words, that two cents will not carry a
letter from Brooklyn to New York that ought
to pay three; but three cents will carry a letter
from New York to California, when it ought
to pay fifty.
Mr. CONKLING. That is it exactly; but
I will withhold the amendment because the
chairman of the PostOffice Committee desires
me not to present it now.
Mr. SUMNER. Before this question passes
out of sight I wish to call the attention of the
chairman of the committee to the reason of
the difficulty on which he is now. It is because
we have a double rate. We have the two-cent
rale and the three-cent rate; and this difficulty
and incongruity will occur always so long as
we have that absurdity. Now, I am precise.
I know that in that I am right. I know that
all the best experience of the Post Office goes
,to this point: that it is a great economy as
well as a great convenience to have a single
rate. Under the lead of the Senator who is
chairman of our Post Office Committee we
have not yet been able to obtain that single
rate. More than once I have appealed to him
for it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will the Senator allow me
a word ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have pointed out the
way; the committee have pointed out the
way; we pointed it out when this matter was
under discussion some six or seven months
ago. The way to effect it is to abolish the
franking privilege. But the Senator so per-
sistently resisted us that we could not accom-
plish it. If be had allowed us to do that, what
he proposes might have been effected.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will pardon
me. The way to arrive at it is not to abolish
the franking privilege, but it is at once to estab-
lish one-cent postage. With a one-cent stamp
let a letter go everywhere, far and near; and
when that rule is established, you have sim-
plicity in the Post Office and no such difficulty.
Mr. RAMSEY. And an immense deficit
every year.
Mr. SUMNER. No. But let the deficit
come in such a cause. How much of a deficit
do we have on the Army and the Navy? Will
the Senator state?
Mr. RAMSEY. The whole of it is a deficit.
Mr. SUMNER. Whieh does the most for the
country, the postal svstem, or the Army or the
Navy? I think the tost Office. •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This amend.
41st Cong. 3d Bess.-—No. 61,
ment will be passed over, and the Secretary
continue the reading of the next section.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is evident that we
cannot get through with this bill to-day; and
I move that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let us go on further.
Mr. CHANDLER. If we get through with
our executive business, we can open the doors
and resume this bill again. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mr. RAMSEY. We are getting along very
nicely. Let us have an hour or two longer.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall not go
into executive session. Let us go on with this
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why do this? We are
getting on very nicely. If we do not go on
with this bill to-day it will occupy some other
day; and why not dispose of it now ? The
Senate will be very loath to abandon all other
business for this code bill, as they will have to
do on some other day if they do not go on
with it now.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator sup-
pose we can finish the bill to-day ?
Mr. RAMSEY. I think nearly so. Let us
go through with the reading of it at any rate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 13, noes 16; no quorum voting.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope not. Let there be
another count. There is a quorum present, I
think.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 5, noes 25.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuses to adjourn, but there is no quorum
voting. The Chair thinks it is evident that
there is a quorum present.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
adjourn if there is no quorum.
Mr. NYE. On that question I demand the
yeas and nays. That will show a quorum.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move an executive
session; and ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays are asked for on the question of
adjournment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. What is the motion
now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to make an inquiry
of the Chair. I beg to inquire if the Seuator
from Michigan did not move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness? I think that motion was made after the
motion to adjourn had been put and lost.
Mr. NYE. I withdraw my call for the yeas
and nays on the adjournment for the purpose
of letting the yeas and nays be taken on the
motion of the Senator from Michigan.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will say to the Senator from New York that
the motion to proceed to the consideration of
executive business was made by the Senator
from Michigan, and on that motion no quo-
rum voted. The Chair supposes that when a
vote discloses the want of a quorum the next
motion, and perhaps the only proper motion,
is a motion to adjourn.
Mr, CONKLING. And that motion, as I
understand, was made by the Senator from
Nevada, who now withdraws it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I renew my motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
of adjournment has not yet been decided.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Nevada
withdrew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I made the motion to
adjourn and I have not withdrawn it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Just see how we are wasting
time. We might as well have been going on
with the bill as to have lost time with these
motions.
Mr. POMEROY. The fact of the want of a
quorum has been developed, and now the pres-
ence of a quorum can only be ascertained
by calling the yeas and nays; and we may as
well call the yeas and nays on the motion to
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is-on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, that the Senate do now adjourn;
upon which question the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 33; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Corbett, Davis, Fowler, Harris,
Hill, McCreery, Pool, Robertson, Sehur?., Spencer,
Sumner, Tipton, and Trumbull*-13.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham. Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Fen ton, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin. Harlan, Howe, Howell, Kellogg, McDonald,
Morrill of Vermont. Nye, Osbora, PSmeroy, Pratt.
Ramsey, Ross, Sawyer, Seott, Stearns, Stewart, War-
ner, Willey, and Williams—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Cam-
eron, Casserly, Cattell, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry,
Hamilton of Maryland, Howard, Johnston, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Revels, Rice,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stockton, Thayer,
Thurm&n, Viekers, Wilson, and Yates—27.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now renew the mo-
tion that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will not
do that. I trust we shall be allowed to go on
with the bill. We can certainly make some
progress with it.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays on this motion, and see who is disposed
to give up this day.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas31, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreman, Brown-
low, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Gilbert. Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill,
Howe, Howell, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Osborn. Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool. Pratt, Sawyer,
Scott, Spencer, Stewart, Warner, Willey, and Wil-
liams—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Davis,
Fenton, Flanagan. Fowler. Harris. McCreery, Mc-
Donald, Ramsey, Robertson, Ross, Schurz, Stearns,
Sumner, and Tipton—lf>.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Cameron, Cas-
serly, Cattell, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry, Hamilton
of Maryland, Howard, Johnston, lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Revels, Rice, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Sprague, Stockton, Thayer, Thurman, Trumbull,
Viekers, Wilson, and Yates—26.
So the motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the
consideration of executive business. After
two hours and twenty minutes spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate (at
five o'clock and twenty-seven minutes, p. m.)
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 4, 1871.
The House metattwelveo'clockm. frayer
by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. J. P. New-
man', D, D.
The Journal of yesterday -was read and
approved.
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
Mr. DIXON, of Rhode Island. The Com-
mittee on Commerce have a very large amount
of business before them, and it is very doubt-
ful whether they will have an opportunity,
under the regular call of committees, to make
