1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
horses taken to aid the rebellion. It i3 not
necessary to discuss the rights of parties in
such cases at common law. Whatever they are,
they may be safely left to the courts and to the
operationof statutesoflirnitation ;butCongress
cannot annihilate rights of this character.
The power of Congress in relation to the
contracts and acts of officers and soldiers made
ordone, and penalties incurred, forthe purpose
of suppressing rebellion, is very different from
its power over such contracts, acts, and liabil-
ities in aid of rebellion, especially when the
war is ended.
The Government may require its soldiers
and military officers to perform any duty in
war, or ratify those which they have done, and
thus make them its own ; and as no person can
unaided by statute due the Government, or call
in question its right to exercise all its constitu-
tional powers in war through soldiers and offi-
cers, Congress may relieve them from liability
for all acts so done or ratified, and save them
from civil suits or criminal prosecutions in the
State or national courts. But such a law is
not amnesty; it is an "act of indemnity," well
known in English history. It is not oblivion
ior crime, but the sanction of approval for
meritorious conduct.
The crimes and civil wrongs in aid of rebel-
lion rest upon a totally different basis.
Aside lrom the power to enact statutes of
limitation and regulate the jurisdiction of the
national courts, Congress cannot in time of
peace go into the national courts, even by a
legislative act, and enter a nolle prosequi, or
arrest the administration of criminal justice
for offenses against national laws, in those
cases where the crime itself cannot be author-
ized, and consequently ratified, under the Con-
stitution ; as treason, rebellion, and kindred
crimes.
Congress cannot by law arrest the adminis-
tration of criminal justice in the State courts
in those cases where it could not in the highest
exercise of its war power authorize or ratiiy the
criminal act complained of.
1 do not now speak of what Congress might
do during war as a tneansof suppressing rebel-
lion, but I speak of what it cannot do in time
of peace when there is no rebellion to suppress
and no war power in behalf of rebels to be
invoked.
To me, then, it seems clear this bill is un-
constitutional in the attempt it makes to anni-
hilate the judgments of loyal citizens, in the
attempt it makes to annihilate the rights of
civil action of loyal citizens for wrongs com-
mitted by rebels in aid of rebellion, and in the
attempt which it makes to go into the State
courts in time-of peace to arrest the adminis-
tration of criminal justice. Congress may wipe
out crimes under aetsof Congress by their total
and unreserved repeal, but that is not proposed.
The inquiry may well be made, if it is now
advisable to prosecute criminally for treason
and rebellion? The answer to this is found in
the fact that all such prosecutions are now
barred by the statute of limitations.
As to these, amnesty is unnecessary to relieve
from prosecutions. No man now is liable to
indictment for treason or rebellion. Amnesty
has already, by various presidential proclama-
tions, been made broad and comprehensive as
to crimes.
It is not possible to foresee all the conse-
quences of this broad and sweeping bill. It
should not be hastily passed, but evgry feature
of it should be maturely considered. No man
now can fortell the effect it will have in turning
and overturning rights and remedies.
But it does propose to relieve rebels, not
only from the supposed penalties of treason
and rebellion, but from ail the consequences
of individual murder, rape, arson, robbery,
larceny, plunder, outrage, and wrong com-
mitted in the name and for the cause of rebel-
lion against the lives and property of unoffend-
ing Union citizens, and to render the perpe-
trators of all these guiltless and immaoulate.
It proposes as to these to override and annihi-
late the power of State courts to punish these
offenses.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me a question ?•
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER., of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman explain to the House in what way
<t rape would be carrying on war in aid of or
for the suppression of the rebellion ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. It might be for the
destruction of some of the nurses in our hos-
pitals. Possibly I enumerated that one crime
to which the bill could not give its hideous
protection. But the gentleman's question
admits that as to all the other crimes I have
mentioned this bill does sanctify them all, and
save their perpetrators from punishment, or it
proposes to do so.
And why should this immunity for crime be
offered? Has pardon been earned or deserved
by repentance or a promise of amendment in
the future? In what State of the South is the
humble colored citizen of the Republic treated
with consideration and respect by the men who
inaugurated rebellion and committed these
crimes against person and property ?
Where do they now respect the social or
political or personal rights of men who were
always true to the flag of the Union?
Not in North Carolina, where troops were
necessary to preserve the peace and protect
the personal rights of loyal people during the
present year.
Not in Tennessee, where the Kuklux Klans
are more dangerous than the clans of McGregor
ever were in Scotland, and where nearly a
hundred men are holding office in violation
of the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution.
Not i  Georgia, where Alexander II. Ste-
phetis delights the approving Democracy with
labored essays affirming the right of secession.
Not in Virginia, where the colored citizen, in
violation of the constitution of the State, is
systematically excluded from the jury-box, and
his life, liberty, and property are all at the
mercy of rebel juries.
Nowhere in any rebel State is it shown that
the spirit of loyalty and respect for the rights
of loyal citizens is such that it is either safe or
just to remove the restraints imposed by the
operation of the criminal laws on crimes com-
mitted during the rebellion.
Justice has claims as well as mercy. When
mercy is shown to loyal men by rebels, then it
may be safe to enact oblivion for the crimes
of rebels.
Leyal men have rights which should be re-
spected, and in their behalf we should act on
the maxim, salv.spopuli svprevia lex.
It is for them 1 speak, and not against rebels.
It is for justice, protection, mercy, to the hum-
ble citizen of African descent and to loyal men
that I plead, and not for vengeance against
their oppressors.
I am ready to pardon and forgive whenever
the great criminals of the South will permit or
render it practicable. This bill proposes to
give more than amnesty; it seeks to relieve
certain classes of rebels from the political dis-
abilities imposed by the third section ef the
fourteenth article, of amendments to the Con-
stitution. That article does not deny the right
of suffrage. It only declares, in effect, that it
is unsafe to permit such rebels to hold office
under State or national authority as had been
members of Congress or of a State Legislature,
or officers of the United States, or executive or
judicial officers of any State.
The bill proposes to relieve from their dis-
ability members of State Legislatures, exec-
utive and judicial officers of States, and officers
of the United States, except in seven specified
cases enumerated in this bill.
One great error which the Government com-
mitted was in the failure, immediately upon
the close of the rebellion, to punish lor treason
a few, a very few, of the great leaders of the
revolt; not for vengeance, but for safety to
Union citizens now and through all time. Na-
tions have duties to perform which they may do
" with malice toward none, with charity for
all." That error has been'the fruitful source of
murder, persecution, outrage, and wrong upon
Union citizens, and a disregard of their rights.
But it is too late now to retrieve that error. I'
cannot doubt but that in due time political dis-
abilities will be removed from nearly all of those
upon whom they now rest. Whenever it will
be safe and conducive to the public interest to
do so I will be ready to welcome it, either by
resolution in behalf of individuals, or in any
appropriate form. I hope the time will come,
and come speedily. In the name of justice and
humanity, 1 appeal to the rebels who have erred,
now, by their own example of love, charity, for-
giveness, and by their own example of good
works, to hasten the time. They hold their
own amnesty in their own hands. Let them
cease to persecute, and the day of their deliv-
erance will be assured. But the time has not
yet come when it is expedient to relieve whole
classes of rebels who do not deign to ask it,
and who, as a general rule, deny that they have
been guilty of any wrong.
If this reiief is to come by a general law
it should be when its recipients shall be loyal
and law abiding beyond doubt, or on terms
which would concede an acknowledgment of
past wrongs and offer some promise of loyalty in
the future. I will not now discuss the wisdom
of the fourteenth amendment t® the Constitu-
tion ; that is sufficiently attested by the action
of Congress and the ratification of the States.
If the disabilities it imposes were wise when it
was adopted they are wise yet, unless the neces-
sity for them lias passed by, or the proscribed
classes have become safe repositories of polit-
ical powsr; and certainly there is no sufficient
evidence presented to this House of either of
these proposiiions. It is just as necessary now
as it ever was that 'the legislative and other
power of this nation should be in the hands of
men who are for the Union, ready and willing to
preserve the public faith and credit, to pay our
national debt, to legislate in the interest of
the soldiers of the Union Army, their widows
and orphans, and to maintain the rights of the
enfranchised colored citizens of the Republic.
Mr. N1BLACK. Will my friend from Ohio
yield to me for a minute?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. N1 BLACK. I believe the gentleman
concedes that the fourteenth amendment dis-
franchised a large portion of the most intelli-
gent men of the southern States.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly; and we have
passed bills relieving meritorious men by the
hundred. No meritorious man who has ever
asked has ever been refused relief.
Mr. NIBLACK. I then put to the gentle-
man, as a practical measure, and as a matter
established by the experience of our troubles
in this country, as well as by history, whether
the continued disfranchisement of a large and
intelligent class of people does not add to the
influence of that class in the communities where
they live? In other words, sir, if they are
mischievous and disloyal people, as the gen-
tleman claims, does he not see they will have
more sympathy and more power to inflict mis-
chief iu the communities in which they live,
by reason of their peculiar position, than they
would have if they were upon an equality with
their neighbors, and deprived of the apology,
as it were, for mischief which they have so
long as they are disfranchised?
Mr. LAWRENCE. The fourteenth amend-
ment does not exclude men from the right ol
suffrage; but it does declare ineligible to office
under national and State authority a certain
class of rebels. I do not believe you can add
to the influence of men by depriving them of
the right to hold office, but that you add to a
man's importance and power and influence
when you clothe him with the right to bold
office. That is my judgment about it.
