136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt hira further ?
Mr. LA WHENCE. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am for general amnesty
from every consideration, but if for no other,
I believe it would remove the fruitful cause of
irritation in southern communities, which is a
source of weakness rather than of strength to
what the gentleman terms the loyal people of
those communities as well as to the Govern-
ment itself.
Mr. LA WHENCE. I am for amnesty when-
ever it is safe to grant it; bat before I grant it
1 want some evidence that it is safe. That evi-
dence lias not yet been presented to this House.
We have no sufficient evidence that the classes
of men whom this bill proposes to relieve are
safe depositaries of political power. It is a
duty we owe to the loyal people of the country
to see to it that their rights are not imperiled.
We should at least pause before we admit the
"wooden horse" within our Halls, and know
beyond doubt that with it will come friends,
not enemies, of the Republic.
I now yield the floor to the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Sypher.]
Mr. SYPHER. Mr. Speaker, this is a ques-
tion in which I am deeply interested. I have
no prepared speech to make, yet I an unwilling
to allow this discussion to "close without being ,
heard in behalf of a large and intelligent class <
of citizens of my State who are proscribed by j
the third section of the fourteenth article of |
amendments to the Constitution of the United ;
States. j
The pending bill embodies two distinct pro-
visions, one ot' amnesty for political offenses,
and one which might be termed protection
against judgments and executions. It is of the
first of these provisions that I desire to speak.
I am in favor of universal amnesty, and there
fore 1 support the amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Fai'.nsworth,] which
reads as follows: i
All political disabilities imposed by the third i
Pection of the fourteenth article of amendments to I
the Constitution of the United States are hereby !
removed. j
The State which I in part have the honor to i
represent on this floor took early action on j
this subject. Our new constitution disfran- j
ehised a small number of persons ; but the \
first Legislature elected under that constitu- j
tion, which was largely Republican, passed an |
amendment abrogating the disfranchising arti- I
cle, and at our State convention last August |
that amendment was indorsed by the Repub-
lican party of our State and incorporated into
its platform. This was one of the issues of
our recent campaign in Louisiana, and the
result is known to you all—twenty-live thou-
sand majority, while our friends at the North
had given up the State as lost. The Repub-
lican party of Louisiana is pledged to universal
amnesty, believing it to be a wise and just
measure.
When we look back over the reconstruction
measures we find that the first of any great
importance was the thirteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States. The
people of my State acquiesced in that ameHd-
went in good faith. Thsydiad gone into the
war and they had lost their slave property,
and they submitted to the loss, and to-day, if
they had the power, they would not reestablish
slavery.
The next great measure was the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, and in its first
article we find citizenship and civil rights given
to certain^classes who had never enjoyed them
before. The people of the South, as a general
rule, accepted that as a finality. A second
clause of the amendment defines the changes
in the representation of that part of the coun-
try. They in a very large degree submitted to
that without much opposition.
_ The third article, however, was stoutly re-
sisted. This is the point to which I desire
especially to address my remarks. It provides
that all persons who held office prior to the war
shall be ineligible to hold -office unless their
political disabilities shall be removed by act
of Congress. It provides also for the validity
and payment of the national debt, for the pay-
ment of the pensions and bounties of soldiers
and sailors, and provides against the payment
of the so-called confederate debt. In all this
the great majority of the southern people acqui-
esced, with the exception of the first clause of
the third article, and that was one ofits obstruc-
tions to reconstruction. It weakened and em-
barrassed the friends of the Government and
took no power away from its enemies, as all
were permitted to vote.
Let us examine this for a moment. What
class of citizens are proscribed under this third
article? All persons who held office prior to the
war, and who afterward aided or abetted the
rebellion, or sympathized with those engaged in
rebellion against the Government of the United
States. Of this class there were many who were
true to the Government, loyal as any gentleman
upon this floor, but for the reason that they were
so unfortunate as to holdapetty office before the
war, and live in a community where a failure
to make some exhibition of sympathy for the
southern cause was certain death, they were
classed with the traitors intended to be pro-
scribed by this amendment.
The disability clause was not directed against
the leaders of the rebellion, the men who were
guilty of treason, who persecuted loyal men,
who starved our prisoners, and who were the
malignant enemies of the Government after the
war was over. These were not proscribed, but
only those who held office before the war, and
of that class many were friends of the Govern-
ment during the entire struggle. This was
and is now the practical effect of this meas-
ure in the South. The worst men have already
been relieved, while others, with flexible con-
sciences, have accepted office without the re-
moval of their disabilities ; but the class for
whom I desire to put in a special plea are the
intelligent, conscientious citizens who are not
willing to commit perjury for the sake of an
office. If these disabilities were imposed as a
punishment for treason it is a mockery, if for
security for the future it is a failure.
Mr. Speaker, the time lias arrived when it
is right and proper to relieve everybody ; it is
the desire of the colored people of my State
as well as the white Republicans; I believe it
is the public sentiment of the country. Let
the same party which imposed these disabilities
remove them. The results of the war, includ-
ing the abolition of slavery, the enfranchise-
ment of the colored people, and the granting
of civil and political rights to ail citizens, have
been unalterably fixed in the Constitution of
the United States.
No gentleman can say it is not safe to perform
this act now. We of the South will be thegreat-
cst sufferers if there is danger in it, and we are
quite willing to intrust our neighbors with all
the rights and privileges of citizens. I believe
that I express the sentiments of the great mass
of the Republican party of Louisiana when I
say that we desire no rights or privileges in the
affairs of Government of which any portion of
oar citizens are deprived. I was sorry to hear
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] talk so
much_ about "rebels/' We have none ofthat
class in our State since the election, and I pre-
dict that we never shall have.
Mr. Speaker, I regret to hear gentlemen on
this floor cite the outrages committed in the
South as a reason why amnesty should not be
-granted. My experience is that the men who
commit these outrages are not the parties
affected by the disability clause. Let the Re-
publican party, through its representatives in
Congress, remove all the political disabilities
of southern men ; let them by wise legislation
aid in building up that beautiful country, dev-
astated by war; let the people feel the foster-
ing care of the General Government; aid us
to build and maintain our levees, to construct
new railroads, to keep open the mouth and
improve the navigation of the Mississippi river,
to encourage labor, capital, and diversified in-
dustry in the South, and it will accomplish
more toward the development of a true senti-
ment of loyalty toward the Government than
half a century of proscriptive legislation. Let
us profit by the advice of England's great states-
man, Mr. Bright. He says :
" We have already given to Ireland free churehes
and free schools, and I hope before long that we shall
give them free land and a free vote."
ft * * s*. * ^ *
"The words 'free land' might frighten some of the
Tory landlords, but he went on to explain that he
proposed "anew conquest of Ireland, without con-
fiscation and without blood, with only the holy
weapon of a, frank and generous justice, which is
everywhere potent to bring together nations which
have been long separated.'"
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD obtained the floor.
CENSUS OP 1870.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. WoodJ yields to me
for a moment. I ask unanimous consent to
offer a resolution of inquiry to aid the Com-
mittee on the Census in some matters which
are before them. It will not give rise to any
debate. I send the resolution to the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to furnish this House with an estimate of
the amount of money that would be required if the
additional compensation authorized by the joint
resolution of Janet), 1&70, bo extended by law uni-
formly to ail subdivisions ot twenty inhabitants to
thesquaremile; also, the amount that would success-
ively be required if such allowance was extended
to classes or subdivisions comprising respectively
thirty, forty, and fiity inhabitants to the square
mile; also, the amount that would be required if
such allowance were to bo extended to all subdivis-
ions without reference to density oi population.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
desire this information for their use in acting
upon the bill in relation to the census. I think
there can be no objection to it.
There being no objection, the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ship robert l. lane.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unan iraous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (tl. R. No. 4X7)
authorizing au American register to be issued
to the British ship Robert L. Lane; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
BEroitT OF THE SECliETAUT OF WAR.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back from the Committee on
Military Affairs the bill (S. No. 1119) relative
to the printing of the annual report of the Sec-
retary of War, and moved that the bill be re-
committed to the same committee, and ordered
to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
APPROVAL OF BILLS.
A message from the President was commun-
icated to the House, by Mr. Horace Pouter,
his Private Secretary, informingthe House that
he had approved and signed bills of the follow-
ing titles:
An act (H. Ii. No. 871) granting to the
Utah Ceatral Railroad Company a right of
way through the public lands for the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph; and
An act (H. It, No. 2416) donating Chatta-
hoochee arsenal to the State of Florida for
educational purposes.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Simp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment a bill
(II. R. No. 2428) Jo remove the legal ami
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of
