1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
the United States from William M. McGruder,
of Henrico county, Virginia; and a bill (H.
R. No. 2511) for the removal of legal and
political disabilities from William Cardwell
and Richard I. Gaulding, of Charlotte county,
Virginia.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills and a joint resolution
of the following titles, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested :
An act (S. No. 1100) in relation to certain
territorial penitentiaries ;
An act (S. No. 1130) to amend an act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1871, and for other
purposes; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 261) in aid of
certain colleges and universities.
amnesty again.
The House resamed the consideration of
the amnesty bill.
Mr. WOOD. I do not intend to enter at
any length into the discussion of the question
now before the House and under considera-
tion. I should not indeed have taken the floor
for the purpose of submitting any remarks
upon the bill and substitutes but for the fact
that I am a member of the select Committee on
Reconstruction, have taken some little part in
the discussion of those bills before that com-
mittee, and know something of the history of
the measure which has been reported by the
chairman. The origin of this bill was in the
numerous applications made by persons to
have their disabilities removed, and which were
referred to the select Committee on Reconstruc-
tion. Our chairman was instructed by the com-
mittee a year ago to prepare a general bill,
which would save the time and the trouble of
personal application, so that the disabilitiesim-
posed by the fourteenth amendment might be
removed if possible by one general measure.
The chairman, in due course, prepared such a
bill. That bill, to the members of the commit-
tee, did not appear to be suitable, and subse-
quently this bill was matured, and has now
been reported by the Committee to the House.
I desire to say of the bill here, as I said of
it in the committee, that it is in no sense an
amnesty bill. Every section of the bill after
the first section really and in fact deals with
other questions, relieves nobody, removes the
disabilities of none imposed by the fourteenth
amendment. But, on the contrary, in the list
of exceptions to the benefits under the bill
there is created a new class of persons who are
virtually disfranchised and removed from any
hope of ever hereafter having their political
disabilities removed as long as this bill, if it
becomes a law, shall remain on the statute-
book.
Instead of an amnesty bill, it is a property-
grabbing bill. Instead of giving general par-
don for the oblivion and removal and annihila-
tion of all political offenses committed in the
South during the rebellion; instead of being
a measure of grace, it is a bill to defeat justice ;
it is a bill to deny a man's right to recover
his property; it is a bill to prevent any per-
sons from making application to the courts for
the purpose of securing their property rights,
wrongfully, improperly, and illegally taken ;
away from them. It is a measure, the effect i
of which, if passed—I will not say the design I
of which by those who present it, but the effect
of which, if passed, will be to do injustice, to
deprive litigants of their proper redress, and to
grant a boon and a relief to the people, of all
others in the United States, who are the least
entitled to it.
Sir, the gentlemen from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] and my colleague [Mr. Pottek] yes-
terday, as well as the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnswohth] to day, more in detail, as
terted and proved by quotations from the bill
itsell these charges which I make against it.
I will not detain the House by a repetitionof
their grounds of attack or the objections which
they raised to it. I can only say that it is not
an amnesty ; it is not a pardon; it does not
remove any disabilities ; it does not restore
any class of individuals to their civil and polit-
ical rights in this country. And so far as it
affects and alters the whole course of litigation
and judicial investigation and determination,
so far as it sets aside judgments already ob-
tained in the courts for the restitution of pri-
vate rights and property, it is clearly a palpa-
ble violation of the Constitution of the United
States. And in my judgment, were it to pass
by an honest two-thirds vote of the two Houses
of Congress, as it will have to do to remove
the disabilities of anybody, it will not be and
cannot be respected by the Supreme Court
of the United States when it is required to
pass upon these objections to the bill. I yield
the balance of my time to my colleague, [Mr.
Cox.]
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, the debate has been
confined to what I may call the extraneous sec-
tions of this bill. I propose to discuss rather
the aspects and virtues ofamnesty, in the sense
of political rehabilitation. I do not consider it
in the legal and technical sense implied in the
bill and expressed in the speech of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] I
doubt if this bill represents the sentiment of
the dominant party in this House or in the
country. Whether it does or not, affects not
the merit of the measure. It should be tested
by other methods than congressional, party,
or popular approval. Still there is a certain
value in the approval of the good of both parties,
in and out of Congress. I welcome the gen-
erous speech of the gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Sypher] as an indication of the dawn of
a better day in the South. This House last
session, on my motion to instruct the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction to report a system of
general amnesty, refused to table it by a vote
of 87 to 84. I think that that vote is a touch-
stone of the generous sentiment here. It was
adverse to any niggardly orproscriptive policy.
The silence of the President on this subject
in his message is expressive. It indicates his
continued opposition to amnesty. His faith is
in military repression. This is to be his rule
of political conduct toward the South. He
frowns upon the liberal policy of West Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, Alabama, Missouri, and
other States. His bayonet glittered in the
South and in the North. It glittered not with
any advantage to his party; far otherwise.
The use of (orce by the Commander-in Chief
contributed not a little to the successes of the
party of the Opposition. Hence I infer that
the popular sentiment is more liberal than the
Commander.
Iu my own district there were nearly twenty
thousand votes cast. The distinguished jour-
nalist, Mr. Greeley, my opponent, scarcely lost
a score of his party votes (and these negro
votes) because of his liberality toward Jefferson
Davis and his advocacy of a general amnesty.
I am authorized, therefore, to speak for every
citizen of my district, with scarcely an excep-
tion, and in the heart of the great city of New
York, for the principles ofagenerous amnesty
and against this prescriptive bill.
For one, I am thankful that this measure,
however exceptional and multifarious, is re-
ported. The nation should thank, as I do, the
Massachusetts member for its introduction. It
will enable the House to act. We are to have
done, I hope, with the retailing of personal
amnesty. 'This is a relief, for the principle of
partial reprieve which such partial legislation
i'avors is even more objectionable than the pres-
ent measure. We have now an opportunity to
perfect a general measure under the impulses
and sentiment of the recent election.
1 hope the author of this bill, if it be amended
to make it simply an act of amnesty from dis-
qualifications for office, will not repine, but
carry the rejected parts of his bill to another
committee fora fuller consideration. I promise
him a candid discussion from this part of the
House. If the bill, as amended by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] is not
comprehensive enough to suit the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] if we fail
to do all which he thinks necessary for oblivion
of our civil war and its litigious consequences,
let us console ourselves with the thought that
the remainder can be done in a belter form and
spirit after public discussion, and by a majority
vote only. If our arrows fall short of their aim,
or be aimed, like those of the friendly Jona-
than, to fall beside the mark, let them be found,
when gathered up, to be feathered from the
dove of peace, and not from that bird of prey
which figure-sin our rhetoric. Thus will we best
progress toward a just and perfect amnesty.
I do not doubt, Mr. Speaker, that if the
spirit of Sherman's agreement with Johnson,
or Grant's with Lee, had been observed, there
would to-day, after so long a time, have been
no need of this measure. The third section
of the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion, forbidding the rebel leaders to hold Fed-
eral and State offices, would never have been
passed, nor would we now be required to obtain
two thirds of each House to remove such dis-
abilities. There would have been no need of
an amnesty like that of the fourth section of
this bill for the Republican reconstructionists.
Had General Grant's recommendation for the
immediate representation of a contented and
obedient South—known as the "whitewash-
ing" report—been acted on in its unpartisan
and patriotic spirit, the discontents, wrongs,
and troubles of the South which yet continue
would never have existed. The South, or por-
tions of it, now a heathen waste, like the islands
of the coast, would have been as they once
were, garden-spots of beauty and plantations
of utility.
It will be one of the marvels of history that
so many years have elapsed since Appomattox,
and the work of political regeneration is not
yet consummated. It will be still more of a
marvel that while States south, controlled iu
large part by the new negro voters, like those
of Louisiana, and by very radical persons like
the Republicans of the States of Missouri and
West Virginia, should have been so far in
advance of their copartisans of the more in-
telligent North, and especially in New Eng-
land, on this measure of mercy. It will be still
further marveled that when public opinion
compelled such a measure of mercy it appears
in such a questionable form that it is more like
the continuance of proscription than its dis-
continuance.
Those anticipated marvels of the future will
not be less marvelous when it is known that
some of the wisest of the party in power
insisted, with true reasoning, that even party
expediency called for the cessation of hateful
measures. Their reasoning is confirmed by
the adversities which follow the negh-ct of lib-
eral counsels. And when it is remembered by
the future historian that all organized civil
strife had ceased with the war in the spring of
18C5, and the leaders of the ''lost cause" had
unanimously counseled obedience to the Fed-
eral authority, he will be compelled to write,
in capital type, the words, "The great Radi-
cal, anti slavery party of 18G0 to 1870 had not
thecourage, wisdom, or magnanimity to secure
the best prize of war, the contentment of one
third of the late recusant and conquered people
of the South." This will be the gravamen of
the indictment of history.
Mr. Speaker, having been a member of this
House preceding and during the war, I ever
favored a liberal policy of conciliation and har-
mony, rather than that of hate and discord,
opposing confiscation measures against per-
sons, property, ay, even the estates of little
children, here urged, I had almost said, with
all the malice of demoniac strife. But I hesi-
tate to say it, when I remember that my gentle
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Orth,] whose heart
is as kind as that of a woman, advocated the
bill because the philology of the Constitution
