1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
963
SALT SPRINGS, OKEGON. |
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Mr. Speaker, I J
ask unanimous consent to submit a preamble
and joinfc resolution for action at this time,
which I ask to have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas, by the act of Congress admitting the
State of Oregon into the Union, approved February
1-1. l£ 9t it is provided " that al} salt springs within
Kiid Srate. not exceeding twelve in number, with six
sections of.land adjoining, or as contiguous as may
be to each, shall be granted to said State for its use,
the same to be selected by the Governor thereof,
within one year after the admission of >said State,
and, when so selected, to be used or disposed of on
such terms, conditions, and regulations as the Legis-
lature shall direct;" and whereas theGovernor of
said State has had no opportunity to make such
selections, for the reason that the public surveys
wove not extended over said springs and lands in
tune to admit of their being so selected, and have
not yet been so extended: Therefore, .
lie it resolved by the Senate and Howe of Represent-
atives: of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the time for making said selections
be, and the same hereby is, extendedforthree years
from the passage of this resolution.
Mr. McGREW. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw his objection until 1 make
a brief statement for one minute.
Mr. McGREW. With the understanding
that I retain the right to object.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent,
that can be done.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. This joint reso-
lution has been considered by the Committee
on the Public Lands and unanimously author-
ized to be reported. As the resolution recites,
the Governor of the State has had 110 oppor-
tunity to select these springs, for tlie reason
that the public surveys h'ave not yet been ex-
tended there. The committee unanimously
recommend the passage of the resolution. I
hope the gentleman will not interpose objec-
tions.
Mr. McGREW. Why not refer it?
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. It has been re-
ferred, but the committee will not be called
again this session. The committee unani-
mously recommend its passage.
Mr. McGREW. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let it be again read.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I must insist on the
demand for the morning hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not desire to object
to it, but I should like to have it read.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let it be read again.
The joint resolution was again read.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 object.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, has the morn-
ing hour commenced?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKElt. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour now begins at
twenty-seven minutes past twelve o'clock.
Reports are in order from the Committee on
Naval AUaiis.
THEODORE ADAMS.
Mr. SCOFIELD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back joint resolution
(H. R. No. 369.) for the relief of Theodore
Adams, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Theodore Adams, out
of any moneys appropriated to pay the judg;
inents of theCourt of Claims, the amount of
the judgment of said court rendered in bis
favor on the 18th of March, 1867.
Mr. DAWES. This is a proposition to pay
out of any moneys appropriated to pay the
judgments of the Court of Claims when the
money for that purpose is specifically appro-
priated for special judgments. I understand
this judgment to have been appealed, and is
cither now pending in the Supreme Court oi
has been reversed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It was reversed.
Mr. DAWES. Itis proposed, then, byjoint
resolution to pay a judgment of the Court or
Claims when that judgment has been reversed
by the Supreme Court. It is no judgment
at all.
Mr. SGOFIELD. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawks] to be
opposed to the hill ?
Mr. DAWES. I am opposed to the pay-
ment of the claim out of the moneys which are
specially appropriated to pay such judgments
of the Court of Claims as were in force on the
1st day of July, 1870, which is the limitation
upon the appropriations. And I would like to
know, now that I am on the floor, why it is
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scofielb] proposes to pay, in terms, a judg-
ment which has been reversed by the Supreme
Court? It seems to me the proper phraseology
would be to report upon the merits, and pay
so much on the claim of Theodore Adams,
rather than to recite an annulled judgment and
pay that. The proposition is, I think, as pecu-
liar as that to which we have had occasion
heretofore to call the attention of the House
in reference to other joint resolutions.
Mr. SCOFIELD.. I understand' that the1
gentleman is not opposed to the payment of
the judgment, but opposed merely to the
phraseology of the joint resolution.
Mr. DAWES. It seems to me very appar-
ent why the joint resolution is drawn in the
way it is. It is to prevent its going to the
Committee of the Whole. There is no money
appropriated to pay any such judgment as
that, and its phraseology will have either the
effect to so modify existing law as to take
money appropriated for particular judgments
or else it will be of no use whatever, for there
will be no money to pay it. It is as apparent
as anything eau be to anybody who knows the
rules of this House that the resolution is drawn
in this way to prevent, its going to the Commit-
tee of the Whole. Now there is no money ;
that is to say, all the money appropriated to
pay judgments is appropriated to pay particu-
lar judgments. If this modifies that law, then
the gentleman gets payment; I will not say
with any such intention, yet by indirection.
Why does the gentleman not report the res-
olution in the ordinary way? Why does he
not report that so much money shall be appro-
priated out of the Treasury to pay the claim
of Theodore Adams, instead of reciting an
annulled judgment reversed in the Supreme
Court, without stating in the resolution the
fact that it is annulled? A judgment of the
Court of Claims reversed in the Supreme Court
is recited in the resolution just as if it were a
valid judgment to-day.
Mr. PETERS. I would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] whether in
his judgment the claim is one which ought to
be paid, irrespective of the way in which the
resolution is drawn.
Mr. DAWES. I do notknow anything about
the merits of the claim. But a claim which
needs all the legerdemain—if the gentleman
will permit me to use that expression without
offense to him—which needs to be wrapped up
like this in a napkin, or, to use a more correct
phrase, blanket, why, I am suspicious of it;
that is all. I do not know anything against
this claim,*and would not have risen here if I
had not happened to know that that judgment
which is recited as a valid judgment has been
reversed by the Supreme Court.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] yield to me for
a moment?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I_ cannot yield to the
gentleman just now. Nothing has been said
yet in favor of the joint resolution.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] says he knows nothing
about the merits of the claim. I had supposed
his connection with the legislation of this House
many years ago, at the time the claim origin-
ated, had given him opportunities to know
about it, ami that he approved it as a question
of abstract justice. Assuming that to be the
I case, 1 will reply to the objections he makes
now to the particular form adopted by the
committee. I do not know whether the atten-
tion ofany member oftheoos'nniittee was called
to the phraseology of the bill. I think not".
We acted upon the bill as it came to us-; and
upon a consideration of the facts the commit-
tee came to the conclusion that this tnan' might
to be paid. The Government had owed him
this amount for a long time, and the commit-
tee considered that it was a just claim. It is
the exact sum which this man's contract calls
for. The case was carefully examined by the
Court of Claims, and a full report made upon
it. The judgment of the Court of Claith3 was
carried to the Supreme Court and reversed,
for the reason that a commission appointed by
the War Department had investigated theclaim
and adjudicated upon it. Neither the hon-
esty and fairness of the claim lior its amount
was questioned either there or in the Court of
Claims. But the Supreme Court reversed, the
judgment upon that point of law which did
not go to the merits at all. And upon a care-
ful examination of the question on which the
ruling of the Supreme Court Tested the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs was satisfied that the
Supreme Court was wrong in assuming that as
a matter of fact the case had been adjudicated
before. I' now yield to the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Starkweather,-] •
Mr. STARKWEATHER; This claim, as has
been stated, went before the Court of Claims.
It was examined fully and in detail; Counsel
was employed and witnesses heard on behalf of
the United States. Arguments were made on
both sides, the whole thing was fully gone into,
and the court allowed this claim. There was
an appeal taken to the Supreme Court, and
before that court the whole question, as it had
been heard before the Court of Claims, was
argued. Mr. Adams was represented there by
Mr. Curtis, of Boston, and other lawyers, and
the Government was represented by its attor-
neys. There was a full hearing, and there was
not a suggestion on the part of the Government
till the trial was over that there was any mis-
take on the question on which the Court ot
Claims had acted, that is, as to the amount of
moneydue Mr. Adams. Buttheeourtdecided
against Mr. Adams simply upon the ground—
a technical ground—that some time or oilier
the matter had been referred to a commission
of the War Department, and on that point,
which had never been argued in the Supreme
Court, on which there was no hearing, the
ease was decided agamst Mr. Adams. The
matter then came back to Congress and was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
where it had a full hearing. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Ketcham] and myself
were appointed a sub-committee to examine
into all the papers, vouchers, &c., aud we
took especial pains to find out the facts from
the beginning, and went fully into all the
questions involved. The matter was then sub-
mitted to the committee, and on a full hear-
ing wo found that the Court of Claims had
decided right; that this amount was due to Mr.
Adams, and that there was no decision on the
merits of the case in the Supreme Court that
affected the validity of his claim. The com-
mittee have therefore reported the amount due
him as found on full examination by the Court
of Claims and to which he is fuliy_ entitled.
I can say that there has been no claim before
the Committee on Naval Affairs which has
had such a careful examination by a sub-com-
mittee and by the whole committee as this
claim of Mr. Adams has.
Mr. DAWES. After what has been sug-
gested by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] I ought to say that I perhaps
stated it too strongly when I said that I Old
not know anything about the claim. I know
Mr. Adams, and I knew about the claim gen-
erally when it was pending, and 1 am not
prompted in these remarks by any hostility to
the claim itself. 1 rose to rescue a special
appropriation for the payment of judgments
