138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
was progressive. I know he could not have
meant all the consequences of his policy. I
thank Mr. Lincoln for vetoing the harsh meas-
ure of that Congress. Members present will
remember how 1 called on the spirit of the
Saviour Himself, who bade "little children to
come unto Him, and forbade them not," to
five emphasis to the success of that vote which
illed that harsh bill of pains and penalties
against the innocent children of the guilty
parenls of the South. It is now no new duty
for me to pursue a line of thought and conduct
against this present bill. I disapprove more
and more of this bill the more I study it. 1
would not have a grudging and meager system
of mercy. Mercy to be measured by stingy
clauses and ungenerous compensations loses
all its benignity. It is better not to have been
tendered it at ail.
The title of th's bill does not fully express
its intent. It would apply only and properly to
the first section. The second section is for the
relief from litigation of those who have com-
mitted abuses in suppressing the rebellion, as
well as those engaged in it. The third section
contains exceptional classes, who form the
competent men of'the South, and other matters
which have no place in an act of grace. The
title for the last section should read : "A
bill for full and general grace, amnesty, and
oblivion of the Republican party, in the de-
struction of the old and the reconstruction
of the new State governments in the South."
[Laughter.] The title of the bill, "For full
and general amnestv and oblivion," &e.
Mr. BU I'LliB, of Massachusetts. Head the
whole of the title.
Mr. COX. Certainly. It is a bill "for full
and general grace, amnesty, and oblivion of
all wrongful acts, doings, or omissions of all
persons engaged iu the war of the late rebel-
lion."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not for
politicians.
Mr. COX. The gentleman is uncompli-
mentary to himself, lor he is a politician. And
men who are politicians are leaders of public
sentiment. Why except politiciaus, when they
are imbued, as is the gentleman, with the
sentiments and principles they represent here,
and consequently with the very ideas of the
masses of the people? When you except the
leaders you excepttlie people. "Politicians!"
Why, who does this bill except or favor?
Unless it is general, its title, "for full and
general grace, amnesty, and oblivion," &c.,is
a misnomer, a solecism. It is so glaring as to
be facetiously ironical. Here is grace which
is grudging, amnesty which is exceptional, and
oblivion lull of memories 1 It is a bill of un-
gracious grace and punitory pardon. Through
it Lethe runs, all rushing and turbulent with
stormful associations. It is the play of Ham-
let, not only witlt Hamlet out, but Polonius,
liing, queen, and all out but the "players,"
who play their lit le mock tragedy within the
greater one. [Laughter.] I am not sure but
the author has confounded the drama by in-
troducing all the jeuiousies of the Moor and
the revenges of Shylock.
What business has an amnesty hill with ex-
ceptions? Whepe is the grace of tendering
redemption to a fallen world, and excepting
even ilie chief of sinners, the Sauls of the
rebellion of sin. The offer of salvation should
copy the eternal plan. Let all who believe,
repent, and would be saved come and par-
takeof the waters of life freely. Letitsrefruiu j
ever end with the inspiring chant of free grace.
Hence I infer from the exceptions of this bill
that this is an act to perpetuate confiscation,
to continue reprisals after the enemy has sur-
rendered, and to eternize the spirit of perse-
cution. It. has no balm, no healing. Itopens
the wound afresh.
Mr. Speaker, lam not given to lay stress on
dreams, but I dreamed a dream last night,
superinduced by the perusal of the Scriptures,
[laughter,] searching for texts appropriate to
this theme. [Laughter.] Perhaps it was also
induced by associating the gentleman from
Massachusetts with this measure of meager
mercy. [Laughter.] 1 thought I had accepted
the invitation, which was once tendered, to
attend one of the grand camp meetings upon
the coast of Massachusetts, heltf'by throngs of
the disciples of John Wesley. I thought I
saw the gentleman from Massachusetts upon
his knees at the Methodist altar. [Laughter.]
He had come at last to the throne of free
grace, and as he arose a new light seemed to
beam from his countenance. [Laughter.] He
was saluted as he rose by the old Methodist
refrain—
"Amazing grace, how sweet the sound 1"
[Laughter.] And it seemed to me that the con-
version of the gentleman was so thorough that
he was translated to a new and better sphere.
I see him now, stauding, not on the golden pave-
ments, but on the walls of the New Jerusalem.
He has a white robe upon his form. [Laughter. ]
He has a harp in his hand. [Laughter.] lie
joins the chorus of the angeis and of just men
made perfect:
" Mercy's free! Mercy's free I"
Then I awoke; and lo, presto! he becomes the
plutned warrior at the head of his brave Massa-
chusetts militia, [laughter,] to whose camp I
had also been invited by him last summer. I
thought then that my dream wasoneot'the Irish
contraries, and that the Christian had paled
before the martial element. I saw his long red
plume. It was moved, as the poet sings, by the
gentle breath of kindness. Indeed, there is a
parable in my dream, whatever may be the
application. The soldiers of our war have
been more clement and magnanimous than the
Gospelers.
But aside from vagaries, and let me return
to the question.
Considering this bill as a general amnesty,
growing out of the civil war, as its title im-
ports, there are many general objections to it.
It is tautological, complex, and multifarious.
It should be entirely simple in form and matter.
If its object be to grant full and general relief,
then a simple clause, like that of the personal
hills, or the substitute of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Falinsavokth,] removing disabil-
ities, would answer.
What should this bill remedy? Only the
constitutional disabilities of the Constitution
and laws. What are the present disabilities
imposed by the Constitution and laws of the
United States affecting any person because of
rebellion? There are two, and both have
reference to exclusion from office. The four-
teenth amendment, section three, excluding
IVom Congress and the Electoral College, and
all other offices, civil and military, Federal or
State, all who "having previously taken an
oath, as a member of Congress, or as an officer
of the United States, or as a member of any
State Legislature, oras an executive or judicial
officer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United States, shall have engaged in
insurrection or rebellion against the same, or
given aid and comfort to the enemies thereof."
The second disqualification is in the act of
Congress of July 2, 1862, which prescribes an
oath for Federal officers, civil and military.
This oath is equivalent to a rejection of all who
have given aid or comfort to rebellion. It is
a general exclusion of all voluntary rebels
from Federal office.
The ban of the United States will forever
remain, it this bill passes, unless two thirds of
Congress remove it, against all aiders atid com-
forters from West Point or Annapolis; against
all such who were United States or confed-
erate congressmen; against all United States
or confederate ministers who aided and com-
forted ; against all Governors, State legislators,
or members of conventions connected with
secession ; against those who were bad toward
prisoners; against the defaulters and embez-
zlers in our service, deserters, and bounty.
jumpers; and it saves certain rights of prop-
erty in cemeteries, and certain titlesin the Uni-
ted States or third persons accrued under tax
or corporation proceedings. Ail such persona
excepted are forbidden to hold State offices
as well as Federal, if this bill passes. So that
it this bill doespass for full and general grace,
it is so complicated thatthe courts will be called
on to define, refine, and adjudge both as to
property and persons. Instead of quieting
titles and granting tranquillity, it is a new fount-
ain of litigation. Moreover, it is a plain vio-
lation of the right of private parties for the
remedy of wrongs, which no political amnesty
should meddle with. It is unconstitutional;
violative of all our bills of right.
I deny the power of Congress thus to inter-
fere with private rights. The power of State
Legislatures even is limited. (See Sharpless
vs. The City of Philadelphia, 9 Harris.) No
power exists, outside of the judicial, to take
from A to give to B ; to allow C to keep what
he has taken from D wrongfully. We cannot
give away private rights. The Government
may take private property for public uses
on compensation rendered; but never private
property for private uses. This bill is an out-
rage on this principle of freedom, a principle
as old as Magna Charta. It goes further. It
proposes to condone with those who were in
rebellion and who took and spoliated upon
others outside of the laws of war and -peace.
It. would add to the crime of rebellion the pre-
meditated spoliation of rights by the rebels
when not engaged in political or martial ser-
vice. To my mind this and all such bills arc
demoralizing. They infract the rules of jus-
tice ; they set an example at once ruinous to
private right and destructive of public morality.
Let usconfine ourselves to the bill of attainder
of the third section of the fourteenth amend-
ment, and remove these disqualifications. That
will be well done if it were done quicldv, and
without complications with other irrelevant
matters.
The objects of this bill are so various, and
its language so tautological, that it will require
a full bar and court to determine the shades
of the synonyms. Bodies of all kinds, per-
sonal and municipal, are to be "acquitted, ex-
empted, released, discharged," from treasons,
misprisions of treason, felonies and mispris-
ions thereof, treasonable and seditious words,
libels, seditious and unlawful meetings: from
riots, insurrections, rebellious acts, offenses,
contempts, trespasses, entries, wrongs, deceits,
misdemeanois, forfeitures, disabilities political
or other, penalties, moneys, causes, quarrels,
suits, judgments, executions, made, done,
committed, omitted, perpetrated, incurred, or
forfeited, and all that., ad infinitum I But I
would waive all verbal objection to the first
section of the bill if it were a f-impie system of
amnesty. It is drawn by a lawyer, and I would
say a Christian and a statesman, also, but for
the three subsequent sections.
The first and perhaps other sections are
transcribed from the obsolete English statutes
against Irish and Scotch disloyalty. Nor would
I care for this if we did not preserve in the bill
the proseriptive spirit which proscribed certain
families and clans. In the old laws of Eng.
land against Ireland and Scotland such fami-
lies were named, for they represented classes
In Ireland s earlier day but five bloods were
allowed English protection and the right to sue
under English laws. All outside of the sent
or five bloods, were proscribed. It was required
in some of the old pleadings that before a man
coula sue he should aver and prove that he was
not of an excepted outlawed class
Acts were passed in the time of Henry VIII
and Elizabeth which created distinctions of
0'Ni;itCtn'n fpe°lal attainder against the
. Neills, 0 Dohertys, and O'Donnells. What,
is the difference between these Irish acts, now
thoroughly reprobated, and the exceptions of
i? UOt name Davis> Stephens,
Breckinridge, Vance, Curry, Gideon J. Pillow,
