064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
February 4,
of the Court of Claims from this phraseology,
and to suggest that we ought to know the sum
which we are appropriating. Now, if the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will aeeept as a
substitate for the joint resolution this form,
"that there be appropriated, oat of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
tbe sum of  dollars in full to Theodore
Adams for the amonnt which has been found
due to him," then he may fill op the blank
and I will sit down and say not another word
on the subject. I am not here opposing the
claim, for I do not know anything hostile to
it. But it ought not to be put in this form.
We ought not to appropriate money without
knowing how much we are appropriating.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The only trouble
about the suggestion made by the gentleman
is, that if we accepted that suggestion some-
body would raise the point of order, and the
joint resolution would go to the Committee of
the Whole. Mr. Adams ha3 been wailing sev-
eral years for his money. He will get under the
bill only the principal without interest, and I
fear that tbe point of order being made, this
just claim may be postponed still longer.
Mr. DAWES. I will not make any such
]>oint of order. I find now that they put the
joint resolution in this form (o evade the rules
of the House, and I trust my friend from
Pennsylvania will accept the suggestion I have
made.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There is no objection to
tbe form which the gentleman suggests, unless
it be the one which he himself gave me a hint
of in his first remarks. It was a thing I had
not thought of myself, but his greater famil-
iarity with the rules of the House enabled him
to inform me that if the joint resolution were
in the form be suggests the objection of a
single member of the House would send it to
a Committee of the Whole House and it would
not be heard of again.
5Ir. DAWES. If such an objection should
be made I will myself move to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole immediately after the
morning hour, for the purpose of taking up
the joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. That motion could not
be entertained to-day, for at the close of the
morning hour the day is to be exclusively
devoted to the business of the Committee on
the Territories.
Mr. DAWES. Well, I do not think that
any gentleman will raise that point of order.
I do not want the joint resolution put through
in this shape.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to me for a few minutes?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have given some atten-
tion to this claim, and am very well satisfied
that the joint resolution ought not to pass.
The claim in the first place is a very large otve.
It involves over one hundred thousand dol-
lars; I believe 6112,000 is the specific amount.
It arose in this way: in 1861, when General
Fremont and those who were operating with
him were carrying on so largely in the depart-
ment of the Missouri, his chief quartermaster,
who was afterward tried by court-martial, as
we ail recollect, and dismissed the service
for just such operations as those, directed
the quartermaster there to contract with Mr.
Adams for the building of certain mortar-
boats. Contracts were, perhaps, prepared and
signed by Mr. Adams; but the quartermaster
there. Major Allen, refused to sign the con-
tracts on the part of the Government, and
those contracts were never signed on behalf
of the Government. Mr. Adams went on
without any contracts, and builtthese mortar-
hoatji, and claimed a certain amount as com-
pensation for so doing. The amounts that
ciimi* up from the department of Missouri
growing out of the operations of Fremont and
McKinstry were so enormous, and the frauds
attending some of them so patent upon their
(ace, that the Government suspended payment
of all the pretended contracts in that depart-
ment. The War Department appointed a com-
mission, consisting of three gentlemen, one of
whom is now a member of the Supreme Court,
another is at the head of one of the bureaus
of the War Department, and the other an
eminent gentleman, to investigate the claims
arising out of McKinstry's administration in
the department of Missouri. That commission
was organized, and called on parties having
claims to submit them for adjudication there.
Among others who came before the commis-
sion was Mr. Adams, for whose benefit this
bill is sought to be passed. He submitted his
claim to that commission, and it was adjudi-
cated upon the testimony which he presented.
The commission considered his claim in all its
bearing, and ascertained, as nearly as it was
possible to ascertain, tbe actual amount that
the Government owed to Mr. Adams for the
building of these mortar-boats and some other
work that he claimed pay for. An award was
made, and Mr. Adams came here, received his
mfoney, ahd executed a receipt in full, which
included every dollar of money covered by this
bill. Having done that, afterward, following in
the footsteps of some in other cases, he went
before the Court of Claims and presented his
claim there. The Court of Claims heard his
ease, as has been stated by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] reporting this
bill, and awarded him an amount of money,
perhaps $112,000; I cannot say as to the exact
amount. I presume it was adjudicated there
according to the rules of the Court of Claims.
After the award by the Court of Claims an
appeal was taken to the Supreme Court. The
Supreme Court, seeing upon the face of the
papers that this party had been before the
commission appointed by the Government to
adjudicate his claim, that he had gone before
them with his proofs, had received his judg-
ment there, and had accepted the money
awarded to him, executing a receipt in full
for all his elaims, reversed the decision of the
Court of Claims. And now he comes before
Congress; and this bill, if I understand it, is
intended to pay to him the award of the Court
of Claims, although, as the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has said, the decis-
ion of the Court of Claims has been reversed
by the Supreme Court.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I cannot yield more time
to the gentleman.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should think a claim
involving $100,000 and more might be deemed
worthy of some time for its consideration.
But if the gentleman chooses to cut me off,
very well. 1 hope the House will not pass
this bill, for it ought not to pass.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman ought to
be satisfied with the time I have yielded to
him when he recollects that we have very lit-
tle time in which to make reports. The gen-
tleman began by telling the House that he
knew all about this matter. He has appar-
ently been studying the case to see how nearly
he could get to the truth in the case and still
conceal it. He states to the House that Mr.
Adams did some work for the Government,
but without a contract. The facts 5re that the
War Department advertised for thirty-eight
mortar-boats and eight steam-tugs to be used
on the Mississippi.
Mr. BENJAMIN rose.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Not now; I cannot give
np any more time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to say 
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I wish the
gentleman would keep still until I can get out
one sentence.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will pro-
ceed without interruption.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The War Department
advertised for plans. Mr. Adams was an
ingenious man, and engaged in that kind of
business. He (L'ew up plans, and came to the
War Department and saw the Secretary of
War and the Quartermaster General. They
approved his plans, they talked over the price,
and finally sent him to St. Louis to General
Frfemont, who examined the case and referred
it to his officers. They all approved Mr.
Adams's plan; and a written contract was
drawn np by order of General Fremont, and
was signed by Mr. Adams. The price of each
mortar-boat and of each steam-tag was speci-
fied to a dollar in that contract.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Was that contract signed
by anybody representing the Government?
Mr. SCOFIELD. It was drawn np by the
order of General Fremont and signed by Mr.
Adams, atthereqnest of the Government offi-
cers. The Government accepted the contract.
Whether General Fremont signed it or not I
am not certain.
Mr. BENJAMIN. He did not sign it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Under that contract Mr.
Adams went on and built thirty-eight mortar-
boats, which were subsequently of great value
to the Government. Some of them helped in
taking Fort Donelson, and others were taken
to Island No. 30, where, as the Secretary of
War testifies, they did excellent service for the
Government; and finally they were used at
Port Hudson, on the Mississippi. While Mr.
Adams was engaged on this job a committee
of this House went there to investigate the
matter. My economical and honest friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Washbcrx] was, I
believe, the chairman of the committee, and
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holmax,]
whose integrity and economy are, I believe,
never questioned in this House, and never
ought to be questioned anywhere, was a mem-
ber of the committee. The committee exam-
ined tlfe matter while Mr. Adams was going
on with the work. He had but thirty days
in which to do it; and they told him to go on.
By and by a commission from the War De-
partment was sent out to investigate the claims
against the Government which were preferred
through General Fremont's department. After
their term of appointment had expired (for
they were limited to the 2d of January) they,
without the knowledge of Mr. Adams, called
some witnesses before tbem to testify as to
how much these mortar-boats would cost. Two
witnesses, one named Gatty and the other
Daggett, were brought before that commission,
without the knowledge of Mr. Adams, who had
no opportunity to cross-examine tbem. They
went on and gave a detail of what they thought
these mortar-boats would cost They estimated
the cost of labor and materials, and summed
np the whole amount, making it, I think, about
seven thousand dollars for each boat. This
was the amount which the commission cer-
tified.
In order to get the amount which this com-
mission was willing to allow him Mr. Adams
signed a receipt, making, however, a written
protest. Then he came here to the Court of
Claims. He called these two witnesses, Gatty
and Daggett, who had been secretly examined
before the military commission. They admit-
ted that in their estimate they had made no
allowance for Sunday or night work. But
thirty days were allowed for the completion of
the work; and Mr. Adams had to pay double
rates for all night work and all Sabbath work.
Adding these extra payments to the original
estimate, the cost of each boat was about nine
thousand dollars, instead of $8,250, the price
named in the contract with Mr. Adams.
It thus appeared that the military commis-
sion was misled by a mistake of these two wit-
nesses who testified in secret as to the value of
these boats. They did not make any allow-
ance for night work and Sabbath work. With
this addition the boats would cost, according
to their estimate, more than the contract price,
$8,250 each. The Court of Claims awarded
Mr. Adams just what was the contract price.
The case went up to the Supreme Court, whic h
reversed the decision, on the ground that the
question having been decided by the military
commission it was res aijudiealu. Another
