1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
Kirby Smith, and others; for is it not under-
stood that these are the men meant in the
exceptions? Why not be direct, and name
your suspected and proscribed after six years
of acquiescence in your rule ?
I am the more amazed that the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] should liavo
selected the statute of George II, (anno 20,
c. 62,) of 1747, because it is so full of un-
generous exceptions. In it there are over
twenty-five sections  f exceptions alone. They
became a fruitful source of tioubie and turbu-
lence. The fierceness of these penalties grew
outof religions and political ferocities, to which
the rivalry of the clans contributed. The High-
landers were devoted to the Pretender with
what may be considered chivalric enthusiasm,
not unlike that of the secessionists to their
cause. It was hardly to be expected that these
hardy people should have refined about who
was or was not their rightful ruler. They
remembered the Stuarts as tlieir kings. They
fought with a romautic daring for the lestora-
tion of that line. Their State rights weie the
rights of the Pretender. Like many men at
the South here, who were conscientiously con-
fused about their fealty to their State or to the
Federal Government, these men of the mount-
ain—men of the mist.—stalwart and devoted,
gave their fealty to their clans and to their old
sovereign, around whose house the associations
of a thousand years had twined. Poetry had
refreshed the laurels of their ancestry and the
glory of their glens, lochs, and hills of heather.
To tlieir untamed freedom and daring spirit
was added, after the rebellion of 1715 and 1745,
the narrow and revengeful rule of England,
and the persecutions and cruelties which, like
those of Glencoe, have made it a synonym of
all thatisbaibancin history. Who to them was
"the Dutchman king," William of Orange ;
who the two Georges'/ Even better informed
men of other more favored regions are called
on to doubt between the real and pretended
royalty. This was the song of the doubters and
trimmers:
" God bless the King, God bless the: faith's defender!
God bless — tilery's 110 harm in blessing—the Pro-
tender;
But who tlie Pretender is, and who the King,
Wliy, God bleat, us all, that's quite another thing."
The inexorable spiritof English dominion—
far more insulting than that of the Dominion
of Canada—undertook, as this bill does, to
crush out the rebel as well as the rebellion.
The result appears in the sequel. In the His-
tory of the Trials of the McGregors, xhv, the
historian says:
"But their [rebellious] rashness was severely pun-
ished: and H is impossible to look buck upon tlio
unmeasured chastisement which was inflicted upon
their erring enthusiasm without execrating the in-
stiument of this cruel vengeance and invoking the
just retribution of liistoiy against tho unsparing
agent ot desolation, Bveu Lholiercenessol tile clans
appears me most perfect chivalry when coinpaied
Wlib the civilized butchery which wn^ put in force
against them at a moment when mifclortuno de-
mandedfor them theciemency ol tnecouqueror, and
when policy as w-11 as leelmg prtsenbed ageneroos
oblivion as thesarest basis ot futuretraiiquillitv. It
is singular that the hero of Cuiloden snould have
been the only individual of his amiable and august
iamuy whose history can in any part ot the flriush
empire be remembeied with other leelings than those
oi gratitude and veneration."
But there was one clan which no repression
could destroy. It was honored with the ex-
ception in the bill of George II. That excep-
tion reads as follows:
"Section 30. Excepted also out of this pardon, all
and every person .aid persons ot the name and olau
of iVicGregnr, inent ion --d and intended in and by an
act of Parliament made in Scotland m tho iirst Par-
liament ot the I.tie King Charles i, entituled anent
the elan McGregor, whatever mime or designation
ho or they may iiave or do assume, or commonly
pass under."
1 do not know why the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. BctleuJ should have selected
this thirtieth exceptional clause for our instruc-
tion. Perhaps it was a neat ad hominem against
one of the clan of the McGregorson ihe Kecon-
structiou Committee, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck,] who imitates his ancestors
in tlieir best qualities of chivalric gentleness
toward friend and foe, and whose most noted
chief, Hob Itoy, is described by the historian
as one who had the love of'all that knew him,
like the gentleman from Kentucky, for he had
good natural parts, like my friend from Ken-
tucky. [Laughter.] He was obliging to every-
body, like my friend, [laughter,] and a very
diverting, pleasant fellow in conversation, like
my genial friend from Kentucky. [Laughter.]
He kept good Company, like my Democratic
friend from Kentucky, [laughter,] andregarded
his word with the greatest strictness imagin-
able, like my honorable friend from Kentucky.
Hob Roy's little eccentricity of "lifting cat-
tle," &e., [laughter,] was one of those diver-
sions which were the resultof the outrages and
outlawry of his clan, growing out of the bill of
which the present is a confessed transcript.
One more illustration apropos of Scotch
literature. Walter Scoit lias not only made
memorable the* men and "maidens of the
mist" in his novel of Anne of Geirstein, but
he lias given us a lesson about civil and foreign
wars which wc ought to "commit to heart."
"You fought," said Arnold, " under your coun-
try's banners, against a foreign and national
enemy. And in that case I will admit that
war has something in it which elevates the
heart above the due sense it should entertain
of the calamity inflicted and endured by God's
creatures oil each side. But the civil warfare
in which I was engaged had no such gilding.
It was the miserable war of Zurich, where
Swilzers leveled their pikes against the bosoms
of tli'itr own countrymen; and quarter was
asked and refused in the same kindly mount-
ain language. From such remembrances your
warlike recollections are probably free.''
1 had hoped that these old English and other
barbarisms of proscription were not to be per-
petuated by an American Congress in this age.
Indeed, when I quoted the prompt French
amnesty in the last Congress as a reproach to
our civilization, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butleu,] with considerable dash,
replied we should not copy our politics from
the examples of monarchy. I am the more
surprised that the gentleman who is so anti-
Anjjlican on cod-fish [laughter] should be so
deferential on musty and dead English prece-
dents.
Founding my argument on these lessons of
history and its philosophy, I make my general
objection to this bill for what it withholds
rather than for what it grants, that it is not, as
it imports, a bill of graco, but a bdl of penal-
ties. It is a continuance of the war; not that
chivalric close of it which public sentiment
demanded and yet demands.
Before 1 come to thespecial objections to this
bill allow me to recall one other general objec-
tion to this dilatory and partial system of am-
nesty. I think it was Air. Sumxeii who said
that all international wars were civil wars on
a larger scale. If there is a common bond
of human brotherhood, this is a rational state-
ment. Yet when treaties of peaco are cele-
brated between nations the status ante helium
returns. This is a principle of public law. It
has a more definite application 111 the doctrine
of'po-tliminium. This is a right, as Vattei s-ijs,
in virtue of which persons and things taken
by the enemy are restored to their former state
on coining again into the power of the nation
to which they belonged. (Vattei, 392.)
Not to enlarge now on the natural equity of
this doctrine, is it not well here to say that
vvhen one nation has been divided by a line of
force, one third against two thirds, and the line
is obliterated by the withdrawal or cessation
of force, there is a stronger reason for the
restoration of former relations than between
two nations who have made peace? If all are
brought under the common Government for
protection and safety, is it not the highest piu-
dence to restore as lar as possible all persons
and things to their former condition? Indeed,
this is the very genius of amnesty. The highest
reasons of State compel the application of this
wise and considerate principle to the leaders
of rebellions.
This brings me to the second section of this
bill, and to the particular objections to the
remainder of the bill itself.
The second section is an elaborate provis-
ion to render void and dismiss the decrees of
courts in cases growing out of the rebellion,
or to removesuch cases from the State courts.
It lias its exceptions, however, in the eighth
clause of the third section, to save certain
rights and titles under such suits ; so that 1 am
not certain that any possible good result of the
second section is not nullified by that clause.
My objection to the second section and that
eighth clause is, that all these matters had bet-
ter and of right-ought to be left to the courts.
Ample laws exist now for the removal of all
proper cases pertaining to the rebellion out
of the State and into the Federal courts.
The sweeping proclamation of President
Johnson of the 4tli of July, 1868, is in accord-
ance with judicial decisions and all the prece-
dents, English and American, State and Fede-
ral. It is the law to-day, and fixes the status
of all formerly rebellious persons.
What, then, is the necessity in a law for full
grace and pardon to complicate the .removal
of disabilities as to office with a tautological
and complicated chapter on rights, titles, pen-
alties, and litigations, which are either settled
by proclamation or can be sealed by ihe
courts? Let the amnesty be granted fully
lroin all official disabilities.
If other legislation be required for the dis-
missal or removal of suits to the United Slates
tribunals let such legislation be reported in a
separate bill, it is without the scopeof a gen-
eral amnesty to adjudicate in this way upon
private rights and titles and the effect of judg-
ments and deciees upon them. The English
precedents quoted here, where the laws of Par-
liament are paramount, are not applicable to
our legislation, for every English statute has
the vigor of a clause of our wiitten Constitu-
tion. iVe seek by legislation to remove Con-
stitutional disabilities.
It is generally agreed that by the second
section of article two of the Federal Consiiiu-
tion the Presidenthas power to grant reprieves
and pardon for all olienses I'gamst the United
Slates, except in cases ol impeachment. Presi-
dent Johnson, in 1868, issuedageneial procla-
mation ol full pardon and amnesty. The effect
of such a pioclatnation is established by piece-
dent and authority, following Ihe precedents
set by Washington July 10. 17'j5 ; John Adams,
on the 2d May, 180J; James Madison, on I61I1
February, 1815 , Mr. Lincoln, 011 8th December,
1808, and oi the same Piesulent, 2odi Match,
1804; and of bisown proclamation, September
7, 1807. He deelaied that all the beneficiaries
were restoied to all th ei r rights, privilege.-!, and
immunities under the Constitution. Nothing
remains, therefore, to pardon, except as to
those reserved and excepted in the last procla-
mation of July 4, 1868—parties under indict-
ment at that time. No disabilities lemain,
except under the Constitution and laws, dis-
quahiying for office.
The Supreme Court of the United States
in many cases, especially in G.uland's case,
(4 Wallace, 334,) held that all penalties and
disabilities were removed by pardon, and all
civil rights were restored, wiih only tiiis limit-
ation : that it does not restore offices forieiteii,
or propeity or interests vested 111 others in con-
sequence ot conviction and judgment. In ihe
Armstrong Foundery case (0 Wallace, 707)
it was held that the pardon relieved the prop-
erty and person of all penalties under a special
law of the United States. Indeed there is no
law so well settled by thecouits as that which
concerns the pardon of rebellious citizens. All
rights are restored. The citizen is in ihe same
condition as if be had never been rebellious.
He is a itovus homo. ,
The potentiality of a pardon ta not fully
